A R P E N.DiX,

'helllwing is' the opinioniofMr. yuA;cRusH, dlvredinthrC7r Purveya.nce, et al. vs. "Angus. (Ant. 'I8o.) I ,eceived it too lat4
Jr ifertionin its proerplace; put, I ope, it.willhe here acceptabl* to th Public.

PUr .VEYANCeEt 1. terf's;AN4 GUS,

USH, t,71ce.----As my' opinion differs from that of thei

...Court jutt" delivered by T'HE CHIEF JUSTICE, I will give

the reafons ol my diffent Thmewhat at large.

A libel has been filed in the Court of Admiralty for the State of

_PennJylvnJa, on behalf of Jobn Prv.ance,7ofeph Dan, and Ben-.-

janin Harhe/on, againtl 7ohn Angus, fetting forth and charging, that

the faid .ohn Angus was dily appointed Mafter ?.nd Commander df

the-brig Hibernia, the property of the Libellants, bouhd on avoy-

age fro1 Philadelphiato the'prort of Oratavo in the ifland of T'ene-

rf'; that on his voyage aforefaid the faid Angus, uWthout any pro-

habi caufeof ca.pture, and with a view to hi own private interef ;nd emolument, did combine Wth certain malefa5 ors, and take

the brig Belfry out of the poffeffion of Silas Talbot, the faid brig

being at thltt 'time a prize, to the faid Talbot, and that Angus hxeui

Ibe wasprize to hin. The Libel further charges, that Taibot batlt

recovered £4ooo againft the Libellants for the trefpafs and irjittry

aforefaid; and concludes with praying, that, as the Libeliants

-have'been compelldd to pay that fum offnoney; through the mf-

cond0& of Angus, thir.Captain, they may be enabled to recover

itorhim a full equivalent.

To this libel an anfwver hath been filed on the part of Angusj

in which ho explicitly denies his taking the Belfey on the higa Teas

"withoutauthority from his oiners, and without probabte caufi. Hq

alfo utterly denies, that he knew the brig Betfry hA been taken by

Yalbht, and that h had any intention to de.fraud ira, or his

(Angui's) owners.

A vatiety of depofitions and exhibits have beei produced in the caufe, and the Judge of the Adiniralty hath pronounced adecree irs

favour ofAngus, the Refpondent.

Frop)

q q

A P P E N D I X.
From this fentence an appeal hath been brought by the Libellants to this Court, the higher in the State, having the ultimate and fiperintending power to correct the errors of all inferior tribunals.
It is iight and.proper before we examine the evidence, accurately to faate the queftion in controverfy.
We are not now to decide, generayv, whether Captains of veffels are not refponfible to their owners'fur negle6t of duty, or breach of trufi; it being admitted on all harrds, that the maler may fue his fervant for any breach of truft or confidence. If a
hnepherd, by his negligence, fuffer my theep to be-drowned; or fhould my cattle, through the ngiligence of my fervantj commit a tr:.fpafs upon myneighbour; the hepherd and fervant are both liable in thefe cafes. And, in tho latter cafe, I am refponlible over to my neighbour for. the injury he receives through the negledl of my fervant. Do 7or & Stude'nt 37.. Alry. 109. 5 C0. 13, A-.
Nor are we now to enquire, whether Angur be r'-fonfible to Silas 7'albot for a-trefpafs. I admit that he is clearly fo; and that no defencehle could make, founded on ignorance, accident, cr mfltake, could avaii him on fuch fiuit'by -2-alhot. If Angus joined in the trefpafs, it is immaterial to Taibot vxhat were his vicws, or "whether he did it intentionally, or not. It I hurt a peron through negligence, it is no juflification in an a6fion of alfault and battery. .Biud/r 16. And there is a cafoin one of the books, where a gun went off by accident, and wounded a perfon, and it was held that tiefpafs lies It is to no purpofe, therefore, and wide of the prefent queftion, to cite Puthorities to prove that in trefpafs all are anfwerable. - Whether Angus thewed more or lefs zeal; whether he did all he could, or not ; are ufelefs enquiries at this time. In trefpafs all are liable; and this rule would apply on a fuit by Talho3t againft Angus, even though the trefpafs inight-appear, on the part of Angus, to have been incautioufly, or unintentionally, committed.
The quefiion before the Court is a fpccial one, refhing -onits own peculiarcircumfiances, and not involving in it the examination or adjuftment of a,1y general principles of law. But before I proc~xd to Rate what I take to be the queftion, I will make a few. previous obfervations, on the dotrine of refponfibility, fo far as the fame is applicable, or neceffary, at prefent.
The owners, as well as the captains of veffels, are, by the civil law, liable for trefpaffes committed on the faa. The owners are -liable on the principle, that the captain is their fervant, bound to obey their orders, and to purfue their initruffions: a confidence or truft is repofed in him, that he will condu& himfelf agreeably to the principles, of integrity and good faith ; and that he will be guilty of no outrage upon others, or of any criminal neglect whatever. By-rendering the owners refponfible tfr the captains, the law hath laid them under the ftrongeft obligations to employ none
but

APPENDIX.
but men of fkill, capacity and integrity, to navigate their veffels.
Perh. ps, too, the principle in part received its eftabliffimentfrbm an apprehenfion, that the commander of the veffel might not be. of fufficient ability to compenfate forthe injury committed by him. In all cafes of fpoliation, both captain and owners are equally liable to the party wronged.
But what is the nature of the contra& between the owners and tbercaptain? It is either general, or fpecial. It is either created by the law, or by the parties themfelves. A commander ot a veffel, on going to fea without any inltruqions, is bound to govern himfelf by law: and, in fuch cafe, if his owners are injured through is mifcondu&, he is certainly refponlible again to them. This duty, however, which the law impofes upon the commander of a vetl&I, may be altered by his owners. They may, for example,' order him to take and feize the veifel of a friend; and, in cafe of his compliance, both he and his owners will be refponfible to that friend: but the captain, in this inflance, will not be lia tle to his employers, becaufe he aaed according to inflrufions. The rules .of refponfibility, therefore, are not reciprocal. The owners may be liable to a perfon injured, and it will not thence follow, th.rthe
captain is anf\verableagain to his owners. Thefe obfervations are
made to retute a very improper inference, that becaufe a captain has injured a third perfon, for which the owners are liable, that, therefore, the captain is again refponfible to the owners.
The queftion men before the Court is this · Is Angus. (who actually committed a trefpafs on the property of Silas Talbot, in conjun&ion with captains Prole and Thompfon, and whole owners, the prefent libellants, have fince been compelled to make compeufation to Taihot forthe trefpaf*of Angus,) refponfible to his owners, for the monies paid by them on account of tne faid trefpafs, under aRl.the circumf'ances of the cafe ?
This I take to be'a fair ttea of the queffion; and the aniver mrft depend,firflupon the evidence, andfecondy, upon the law.
I have Rlated in the queftion, that Angus committed a trefpafs. This appears evident from his figning the orders, and from hisputting two failors on board the Betfey, to aflift in navigating her into port: Unlefs, therefore, it can be hewn, that Angus was ira-' pofed upon by his comrades, Prole and Thompfon, to a& in this manner; and that he was authorifed to place a reafonable confidence in them, the decree of this Court ought to be agdinft him.
In other words, unlefs he can fhew fome authority, either exprefs, or implied, for what he did, he ought to be confidered in the fame criminal poinf of view with the two other captains.
In the beginning of September, 1779, the Hibernia, commanded by Angus, left the Capes of Delaware, in company with Captain
bompfon, who commanded the Achilles, and with Captain Prole,
Who commanded the Patty. They were all armed, and had Letters

492

A P P E N D I X.

vfMarque. Upon the 6th and 7tlh.of the fame month, the trpnfac tion happened which gave rife to thd prefent difpute. Wiliam DaW:s, a palfenger on board the Patty, lays, that on the 7 th, about teno'clock, A. M. he heard a firing, and fawv two veffels engaged in battle, and thatat that time, th= three brigs, the Patty, Achzles,
and Hibrnta,were within hail of each other. This firing, if ever heard on'board the Pat.y, or the battle feen, muff have been on the fixth, and noton the feventh. H e adds, that he verily believes that the two other brigs heard the firing alfo.
In oppofition to this evidence, let us contraft the teftimony.of
Ynats Leach, the captain, and John Rufl!, the mate, on board the
Betfey. They both fvore, that, at the time the Betfey was captured, there was no other veffel in fight but the Argo ; and they add, that they verily believe, no perfon did fee any other veffiel.. If they were in fight of Davis, Davis mufr alfo have been in fight of them.and the firm belief of Leach and Ruffe!, that no veffel "was in fight, is at leaft eyual in point of proof, to the firm belief of Dav;is, that .he Hiherniaand Achilles faw the engagement. It is remarkable
too, that Da!&is fays, that Agus had his boat hoifted out, in which he is contradi&ed by all the other witneffes, and appears to be un-
der a great miftake. But I fhall waveany further obfervations on this point; for,
though it fhould be admitted that Davis, and thofe on board the .Patty, heard the firing and faw the chafe, it cannot thence be inferred, that thofe on board the Hierniadid, efpecia']yas they fwore that they did not. Inattention, noife, and a variety of other caufes,
might prevent thepeople on board one vellel, trom fceing or hearing what thofe on board another veiiel, did fee and.hear.
It appears to me, therefore, highly probable, fiom the evidence -before the Court, that Agus did not on the 6th, fee the taking of the B fey, His condu& on the 7th, when he came up to the other captains, ftrongly confirms this idea. For no lefs than fix witnefles out ot the feven, who were prefent when Angis came up (tlat is, every witnefs except Davis) exprefsly mentions, that Angas enquired what they had got; and upon being told fhe was a good prize, he replied, if ]he is a good prize, fo muff the floj be:
and that he further afked, why one of their taft-failing vefLls did nOt chafe her; upon which they ordered -him to purfue her, which
le immediately did,
Now, it. is in fuill proof, from the evidence of Caotain 7alhot, that the two other brigs had been up with the Beq/f about an hour before Agus came up, and that their boats h-id frequently palTed tq and from the Betfy4. They, therefore, had full information ;
but Angus had not the leaft knowledge, except what he ieceived from their declaration, that The was a good prize. If then fhe had been -a good prize, of which-he had not, at that time, the
IC4 reafon to doubt, w11 might -ho reply, that the etker vefel,
. =eaning

A P P E N D I X.
meaning=the Argo, was alfo a good prize. This obfervation, made at this:period of the buuinefs, -unanf'werably fhews, that he pould -nor have feen the Bet3i; and Argo engaged ; for, it is not co-iceivable that he could be fo grofsly ignorant .and ftupid,. as to fR two veifels engaged in battle, and, at the fame time, fuppofe tylem tm
be both enemies. I With refpe& to the idea of the three captains having ,onfulted -what to do with-the prize, it [carcely merits confiderafon. Grove, fays, that he does not know on board which veflel the confult-afion took place; in which he is contradi&ed by Davis, who fays it was n6t on board any particularveffel, but that each captain continucd dui board his own. The truth, howev.er, is, that there never was any confultation, and, in this, all the other witnefles agree.
The orders rom the three captains to the prize mailer, and which are figned by Angus, con'tain a dire&ion to him to get, it.
poffible, into Delaware, Egg-Harbour, or Che'apeak; "for fear of.
thefJoop Argo'sfd,ng in wi/h you, if you go to Aew-Engiand." From
thefe exprtflion , it haN been contended, that Angus was privy to the whole tranacadim; but I do not fel the thing in that point of view. It is p-.Jfble th -t he figned the orders without confidering attentvely the meaning of the words, believing, at the fame, time, that his comrades, wh6 hd made the neceifiry enquiries on board the Belfry, had their real.ms for.inferting them. It is certain, that he thought the Idrg9 an ene wy, and as fuch purfued her. He might, therefore, v..ry naturally have fuppofed the other captains had reafon to believe the Argo was boud to.New-England; and that on this account tley had inferted thole words in the orders.
What, then, is the nature and hi flory of the prefent tranfa&ion Three velfels, c. -milioned asLettersof MarqueandReprifal,being about to'fail at the fame time from the port of Philadelphia, the owners of the Hliernia, give their captain orders to cruifr with the other two. He does fo; and, in the courfe of their united.operations,
he is deccived and milled by them in fuch manner, as to concur with them in committing a trefpafs. Had Angus been dire&ed, generally, to cruife, the cafe might havebeex different; fo', then every degree of confidence repofed in his affociates, muft have been at his own rifque. But Angus, being expretsly authorifed to cruife with
the two other veffels then failing to the eaft, any a&l, or event, which was likely to happen on a joint cruife by the three veflels, or which might have been rationally expe&ed in the uflial courfe of things, was as much authorifed, as the cruifing itfelt was. Every thingufually done by perfons jointly cruifing, is implied in theauthority to Angus to cruife with the others. The owners themfelve3
have laid the oundation of the trufi, or confidence, that he repohfed in Prole and Thompfon, and fhould therefore alone fuffer The condua of Yngus feems to be clearly warranted by the rules and maxims that invariably govern the commanders of veffels, when
they

494

A P P E N D I X,

they a& in conjun&ion with others on a cruifing voyage. I perceive neither craffa negligentia, nor latacu/pa in his behaviour ; and
I take the law to be, as flated in 4 Burr. 2o6o, that he is not anfwerable unlefs in thofe two cafes. It is prepofterous to fay, that he ought not to have credited. Pro/eand T&hmpfon, when he v.as ordered to join with them on a cruife. Hard is the do&rine, that a fervant, who apparently aas in the beft manner for the interefts of his mafler, Thould be liable for unavoidable failures, efpecially when they originate, not in himfelf, but in others: It is fufficient
tQ deter all men from accepting a truft.
This authority to cruife with Prole and Thompfon, certainly ineansfomething: but, if it will not juftity Angus's condu& on this occafion, it istotally infignificant and void; and an authority to cruife with others, is an authority to do nothing; that is, no authority at all.
$owever difpofed to concur with my Brethren in this caufe, I
have not been able to do it. Unanimity in Courts of Juftice, though
a very defireable obje&, ought never to be attained at the expence offacrificing the judgment.
Upon the whole; as it appears to me, that Angus did not comhRne
with the other Captains to take the Betley out of the poffeflion of the drgo; and that he ;iaed fuch a part, as he thought would promote the interefts of his owners; my opinion is, that the decree of the lower Court fhould be affirmed : But a majority of this Court entertaining different fentiments, it mull neverthelefs be revwrfcd.

THE

END.

