APPEAL
FROM NEW-HAMPSHIRE.

July 1760.

Deering, Aptellant, versus Parker, Respondent.

(1) -HIS was an appeal from Are'wHampshire, heard before J a Committe of the Privy Council (Lord Man1feldbe.
ing one of them) on the 10th of 9uly 1760. The facts were these: One Parker had given a bond to Deering, payable the 30th of fui'z 1735, conditioned for the payment of 2460/. "in good pub" llc bills of the province of Massachusetts Bay, or current law. "ful money of New-England, wirie interest." There had beeit many payments made, and indorsed. About the year 1752, the defendant tendered a large sum, in the bills of credit then current in New-Hampshire, which the plaintiff refused, brought his action, and recovered judgment for the penalty in the bond, upon the verdict of a jury, in Decemncr 1758. After which the cause was heard in the Chancery of New-Hampshire, and the Court decreed for the sum of 354. 6s. 9d. in bills of credit of Ne-w. Hampshire, new tenor, being the nominal sum due at the time of the tender, deducting the sums paid and indorsed. So that the Court went upon the principle, that the plaintiff should take the bills as. tendered, and that the debtor was not bound to make good their depreciation, nor to pay in silver, or real money.
On the side. of the appellant, or creditor, it .was insisted, that the payment ought either to have been in' bills of Mlass.achusetts Bay (which, it seems, were all called in, and sunk, before the tender) or in silver money, agreeable to queen Anne's proclama-

(1) This report is taken from a collection of manuscript cases, upon authority, that appeared respectable when it was copied; but the name of the re-

porttris forgotten.

tiOn,

Xxiv

APPEAL FROM NEW-HAMPSHIRE.

1760.

tion, which, they insisted, was the true meaning of that clause, or part, of the condition, to wit, current lawful money of New,England. It was, also, claimed by him to have all the sums indorsed, reduced in nominal sums down to the value of silver6 at the time of giving the bond, to wit, 27s. per ounce.

On the side of the respondent, or debtor, it was urged, that current money of New-England then meant, and was understood to be, indifferently, the bills of credit of any, or either of the
New-England colonies, received in that colony in payments. That, therefore, the tender was in the specie contracted for, and that the sums indorsed were not only of course, upon that suppogition, equal to the sums expressed; but that the creditor, by indorsing, had agreed to, and accepted of, so much as the same expressed, in real, as well as nominal sums.

The Lord PRESIDENT and Lord MANSF1ELD expressed them-
selves fully in favour of the creditor's construction of the words, " current lawful money of N.ew-England;" to wit, that it did not mean bills of credit of any colony, but the words were put in contradistinction thereto. Lord MANsFIELD farther added, that he was clear, on the one hand, that the sums indorsed ought to be allowed according to the nominal sums, so ndorsed, equal to the same sums of money mentioned in the bond, and that the plaintiff had no right to have the same, any way reduced or altered. On the other hand, his lordship thought that the tender was not good in any respect; for, not only because it was made in a species of currency different from that contracted for; but, also, because it was out of time, being many years after the time of payment was lapsed, and also without notice. " What (said his lordship) shall a man meet his creditor in the street unawares, and tender a debt to him! The chancery allows six monthi' notice of time and plULe to be given. The law of the province enabling the Court to turn itself into a Court of equity and to reduce the bond to the sum due by the auditem, was a very good thing; and what Sir Thomas A'oore, in his time, laboured so hard to obtain an act of parliament for here. And because the Judges (with whom he had several conferences about the matter) were for retaining tle old artificial way, he declared, that he would always grant injunctions in such cases. In the present case (his lordship continued) he was at no loss to determine, that the juigment ought to be reversed: but he was at a loss what rule to gcr , in determining the quantum of the debt. Since the province balls contracted for, were called in and gone; with a desire to know the usage, he had inquired of Mr. I a New-Enoland gentleman (who had practised the law) and was informed that " when old tenor had been 6ontracted for, it had been allowed to be tendered, althoulgh
lepreciated in vaue, if the tender was made in season. That towards

APPEAL IMOM NE.1-MAXPS IRE.

XXV?

towards the close of existence of old tenor and after it had been called in and sunk, when judginent was given for real money, this matter (of how much to give) was greatly agitated. Some were for giving the value of the old tenor, or bills contracted for, as it stood when the obligation was out, or the debt became due.
Others would have it settled, as it was when at the last and worst period; and others again, were for taking a medium. But the more general method was to take the value of the bills, when
they should have been paid by the contract." Lord MANSFILD observed, that from this information, he had received much light, and was relieved from his difficulty. That much might be said, for taking as a rule the value of the old tenor, at the time set by

1760. 1

the bond for payment. That, upon the mention of it, it struck
him as the rule of right in general: but that, in the present case, the bond had been outstanding so very long, the bills of credit, which were the currency of the country, had, in the mean time, sunk gradually, and became, in some measure, every one's'loss: and that, therefore, in this case, he thought thc loss ought to be divided between them.

The BOARD,.upon the whole, instead of taking the price of silver at the time of the contract, and time set for the payment,
(which was about 27.s. per ounce) fixed it at 37's. per ounce, and computed the debt accordingly. This made about oo. sterling in favour of the appellant, by which he got the opinion of the Court in his favour; but, as no costs are allowed upon appeal, he rould not be much.a gainer by the general result

VTOL. IV.

