6

CASS ruled and adjudged in the

1752 cutorindorfed, unlefs there was really a -Profecutor exifting, for the Words 1n the- At are, ibe Profecutbr. And"isno Perfon in the
~refent Cafe is proved to be a6ive in carrying on the Profecutioa,
'the Defendant muff plead to the Indi6Lment without any ITdorfement.
It was thep moved, that the Defendant himfelf might bo 1worn to prove the Perfonrprofeciiting; but denied by the Court, whf
'fid it muff be proved by indifferent Witneffes.

Set mber Term, 1762.

NixoN and H-ARPEA verfus Lozc and
PLU.M STEAD.
T HdEencPe.roteft of a Malter of a Ship, allowed to be girci in Eij-

April Term, 1763.

WVVILLAM ALLEN. Chief Juftice. WILLIAM COLEMAN, Jyftice.
'-
m,1"-'"_ ! ·.. . '

The Lee

of FOTHERGILL and others verfu
CHRISTIAN STOVEE.

A LLetatnedr fOroffmice7,amtoes t,htee, SuRrveecyeoivrerGGeneneeraral'ls anDdepSuetcyre. tianry Cobf kthtee/r
County in thefe Words, " Friend Ifaac Zaylor, Philadeiphia, 3d 2m *17 I9.q-fane Logan has agreed that the Bearer hereof 'Ifiliam 'W711i Thall have Soo Acres cf Land at Coniogoe.Pleafe to furvey
it to him and the Warrant ihall be ready.--Thy loving Friend,
"&7am s

SUPRUMt COURT ot Pnvfylvema,

7

"¢ fames Steel," 6ered to be given in Evidence as the Foundation of the Defendant's Title. Obje&ed, oh the Part of the Plaintiff, that James Steel by his Order only, without a Warrant from the Proprietors or the Commiffioners of Property, could not authorife the Location of Lands: And even fuppofing it to amount to an Order .from James Logan hinofelf, as he was only one of three Commiffi6ners, fuch Order cannot be a fufficient Warrant.
BUT THE COURT faid, that under thefe Sort of Orders from the Proprietor's Officers, a great Part of the Province had been fettled, and that for the general conveniency they had been heretofore allowed to be given in Evidence, and particularly in .iI'fDnuall's Care.
In that Cafe, laft1.pril Term, a Letter from RichardPeters Secretaiy of the Land-Office, to the fame Effea as the above, was allowed; and the Letter in this Cafe was accordingly ruled to ba
given in Evidence. A Plot of a Survey made in purfuance of the above Letter, inLjaae
Zaylor's own hand Writing, with a Note at the bottom thus " fur. 9ber io. 17,2o," and inthe Body of it, the Words" WFilliam FI'1-
lis 4oo Acres," not returned into the Surveyor General's or SecretarJ's 01icc, but found among Ffaac 2aylar's Land Papers, many Years after his Death, was allowed to be given in Evidence, againil a
regular Warrant and Survey pofterior to the above; a Settlement'and Poieflion being proved to have been made, the firft Survey amount-
ing to an Impropriation, and the Land Office appearing to have
been lhutbetween the Years 1718 and 1732. N. B. On an Appeal to the King and Council, the Judgment of
the Supreme Court was affirmed.

1763.

THOMAS WA-LLACE verfus CHILD and STYLES.

SUIT on a Policy of Infurance. It was fet forth in the Declara-
tion that the Veifef fprung a Leak at Sca, and put into Pravi-

dence, through Noceflity.-The iW-qfler of4!e Ship was produced by

the Plaintiff as a Witnefs to prove the Bill of Lading, and to gilv

a general Account of the Tranfa6tions on board the Vetlel and at

Provdence. His admiflion was oppofed, becaufe the Captain

himfclf had Goods on -board which were inlured, and the Money

was refufed to be paid by the Underwriters on his Policy till this Suit -,as determined, and therefore he was intcrefted.-But it was

anfWered, that the Maiter of the Ship was the only Perfon who

can be ftuppofed capable of giving a full Account of the Matter;

and part of the Defence in this Cafe being, that the Goods

infured were innumerated Commodities and therefore not lawful

to be fhipt from Carcinato Afadera; and the Captain's Goods

infured, were not to be lan~ed at l'Iadeira, but at -rndn, therefore

the Captain's Inirance could not b: ,ide&ed by any Determination

in this Cafe.

THt Ctuar ruled, ,.-e (hould be exmined on the Vh'e dirt,

nd if he iiid he w-as dilinterelt.d, -he thould be fwcrn ;, ,-hi..;

wich wastione, :'n h2 -uas diitt~d a \Vienefs.

.) .

