ro

CisEs ruled and adjudged iftthe

T-r. .Trial, nr dr.charge the Defendant from Bail, without'ome iti

%

pearance ol opprkliwn:r

Ti.e g Je f "rC i AI (O'Nverf]iS CAMP3SELL,
D LAINTIFF fupp.eYted his Title bya Patent dated in 1762. Th6
D),;ndIint produced R:ceip:s from, the Proprietary's Officersi with a W rrant from Mr. Petars,S-cretary of the-Land Office,-fevei'al Yea.rs prior to Plaintih's Patent, and proved upwards of twenty Years Poff6elion; but -the Plaintiff contending that the Receipts were only for Money paid on accompt ot an adjacent Tra&, and that there was fome impofition on,thfe Land Oibcer when the Warrant was granted; the Defendant produced'a Witn~f; to prove a parol Deci .ration of Mr. Thoina Penn (when- he was in the Cpuntry) tha~t the Land' in difpute was fold to Defendant.-This _piece of Evidence w.,s oppofed by the Plaintiff, anti refufed BY THE COJRT.
N. B. The Plaintiff could prove no impofition on the Q icer,
and the Court gave a Charge in favour of the. Defendant, and thL -. aintiffwouldnot take the Verdi&, but bedame rnonfuit-

STORT and WAAARTO'Nvetifz A chs ST.ETTELta
S Ult Policy of Inrurance. The C-ptain's Proteft in 7amaac under the Seal of a Notary Publick there, giVen in Evidence to yrove the Capture, -ndnot oppofed.
Inffru&ions from the Plaintiffs (Owners of the Veffel infured) to the C:ptain at ihe time of his failing, fworn by the C'ptain to be the only Inflru&ions he had, were given ifiEvidence by the Plain. tiff, to prove they had given the Cap tain no Orders to buy the Veffel on their account in cafe of a capttre and re~c-ipture, flightly opnfed b Dfehd nts Ccuihcil, ur.d riven us ,ithout debate.
"The Iend nt in this cife undzrwrote an open Policy on the Veffel from Phitdetp, iato .C7ra.cd, fle was t ,ken by the Enemy and ret ken, -nd cnrried into Yanzatras f here by Agreement between the Captain an'd 1e-c "pto:s; 'ithout going into the Court of Adrir. lty, Ine was fia at public S.le for about one fourth of thd S-un infurcd, .nd b*oughl by the Capt..in fdr the former Owners, wh5 afterward acuiefced in the pnrchafe and now fued for the h'Ie Saminfired as a total lofs. T he -S:lewas proved to be fair, and t.e Pl.inti~f's Council infit l that from the momet of the ( apti-re, there was a to't 1 lofs, :,nd cited divers cafes to fhew, that. if
there be a C ,pture; thiough it be not fuch a one as.by the Law of
N tions would ch nge the Property, yet it would -be ifficient t& .hrge Underwriters with a total Lofs, and the Aflured m y'zb n floa---Beaw'* Me.tr: 268. Csrvem 225. 25q. 3o. 340;

8u"SWEM Coux-r ox PnjhAkw~.

it

On the Part of the D]fendant it was infifted that he ought to pay 'ho more on this Policy th-.n the a&ual lofs fuftained by th 'payinent of Savage and other Charges. That the Captain having fet up the Veifel to fale without any Orders of the Court of Admiralty, and purchafed her himfeif in behalf of the Owners, for about on fourth of the Sum infured, and this being acquiefced in by the V1 -intifsa, there was no abandonment, and therefore but an average
lofs. Tng CounT gave a charge in Favour of Defendant; and the
Jury accordingly give the Plaintifi a Verdi& for fo much only as they judged a ,compenfatioufor Salvage, charges, and Lofs of Time.
OR Ucount ofthe eapturxc

X764. ,

September Term, 1764

WILLIAmt ALLEN, Chief Jufice.

WILLIAM COLEMAN,

f

ALEXAmDE . SrEDMA? . Juices.

K ING'S Road. Ort ¢oirmurian ofa Riad by the Julticei o$
AX Che/?er county, the Record was brought up by Ceriorari; awl
it was moved to reveqfe the Judgucent of confirmation, becaufe the
Juices balow h4 retffed tQ grapt a Review, though petitioned threto by a Perfoun who complaineil I= Was aggrieved by the Roans unning through his inproved ground.--On argument, THE Coves reverfed the Judgment for that reafon, alledging that a Review, hough not taken nxoice of in the A& of Aftembly, hid always been granted, ind was now become a matter of right.

Ruca DAvx£r ettx,vrfus PgT.ER TURNER.

T HIS Caufe came efore the Cou't for adetermination on
a 1pecial Verditt which found, That thd Defendant's late

Wife garab,before her Marriage, was feized of the Lands in quef-

tion in fee; that after-her Marae, with the DefendAnt, (he ind her
Hufband joined ina onveyance to two Truffees and their Heirs,

4'. Rahendum to them and ihe Survivor of them and his Heirs tor

ever,.in truff UeverthelefsW and for the propet Ufe and Behoof of " the faid .P. Zwrner~and S. his Wife, foi and during tIeir joint

"'Lives, and from and after the Deccafe of either oi Oem, then to Sabd for the fole and proper Ufe 'and tehoof of tho Survivor of

" them and his or bar Heirs tarever,,' That the-faidP,Yw7rr and.

B22

.hi

