SPt!1AL COURiT Q9 f Pennfyhaariti.

.17

B fCH, Coux-r.-The firift Rules of Law with regard to Evi.- 176a
"ence opght not t4 be extended to Mercantile Tranfa&ions. In thi 7
Pare, on proying the rand Writing of the Ea6or, let the Account of.
3ales be given in Evidence; which was accordingly done.

jOHN S"ev verfus: HAWK-INS and-others.
D EBT fur Obligation.-On the plea of payment Defendants of·-I.Jfered to give no Confideration in Evidence, Obje&ed, that the Confideration of a Bond is not enquirable into) the palling the Boid being a gift in Law df the money.-To this it was anfwere4d and fo ruled By THE&CoUT, that there being no Court of Chaiicery in this Pro-.hcej th~re is a necellity, in order to prevent a failure of Juftice, to lt the Defendants in under the plea of payment to prcve miftake or want of confideration: And this the Chief Juilic- faid he *hd known to be the conffant pra&ice of the Couits of Juiic2 in this Province for thirty nine Years paft.
For the Plaintiff, the following cafus were cited: PIht'. 308. 5. Gilb. Rep. i54. Hard. 200. 3 -P. WPil. 222-.

T'7e Lefee of LLOYD verfus TAYLOR.
E JECTMENT -for Ground in the City of Philadlphia. Merq.
.Vaflers being feized in fee married Peter Llyd. PeterLloyd and Mercy his Wife convey to Raph Ajhelon in 1727. Ralph .fhet!n reconveys to PeterLloyd he Land in queflion. Afterwards, iW 1738, on a Judgment againi Peter Lloyd, the Land in quelion was taken in Execution and fold by the Sherihf to the Defendant tbt
r3 oo.-Plaintiff claims as H.ir at Law to Mercy Lloyd, infifti* that his. Mother being a Peme Currrtcould not legally convey her eltate without an examinatiori by 'Writ. And though in the cafe of Davey vetfus "urnrtried irithis Court gepfember x.7.64, * it waA ruled that an acknowledgement of the Deed on a private examina. tion before a Jpffice ot peace, was rufficient ufider a long Ufage tO fan&ify her Dted, thotgh notfiiiftly agreeable to La r.; yet here ihere was not even that acknovvledgment, or private examination.
But it appearing in Evid,rice, that it had been the conitant Ufage of the Province Formerly foi Pe.nis:GC'ert to convey their Eilates irn this manner, without an acknowledgment or fep1rate examination; And thai there were a great number Of iaIiuble Ellates held und,,r -fuchTitles .which it would be dangerous to impeach at this time of day, THE COUNT gave a Charge to the Jury in tavour of.the D-: rendants, founded on the Magim CG',mnis Errorfacit "us. Au4. ihe Jury accordingly found for the Defendant.
e .. " UI.

1773.

CasES ruled and adjudged in the

dpril Term, 1773.

The Lefeeof the Ro.RrETARY verfusRALsTON.
p L A I NT I F F fliewed a title in himfelf to the Province of
Pennfylvania, and then refted. Defendant fhewed a deed for one thoufand acres of land-alfo a warrant to himfelf, and two others, to take up three thoufand acres of land, which included the lands in controverfy-alfo a power of attorney to David Llkya, to take care of faid and, and an account of the expences of fiirvey.. Defendant having fhewn title in a third porfon, as he conceived, moved for a nonfuit, and as authorities cited Bath. Nis. Prius.Iflfit.. leg. ite Ejea. Plaintid's Council infifted to know, whether the Defendant had gone through all his evidence and faid that he was not entitled to the opinion of the Court till then upon his title in a third perfon. BRuT THE COURT determined contra: and then gave their opinion, that as the Defendant's deedwas a conditional deed upon the face of it, he was not intitled to a nonfuit. The Plaintiff's Council then contended, that they had a right to demur to the Defendant's evidence. This %as oppofed by the
Defendant's Council, who infifted they had a right to go through their evidence, before the Demurrer was allowed. Of which opinion THE COURT alfo was: and the Defendant .proceeded with his evidence, among which was a letter from: Afillam Penn, the firit, acknowledging this fale and grant..
The Plaintift afterwards offered a fubfequent letter of 0. 7ihiam Penn's, declaring the gr.nt to be conditional; and, as this condition was not performed, the grantees fhould not have the land.
This the Defendant's Council oppofed, on the principle, that no man could cre. te evidence for himfelf
Tilghrnan. Letters are like converfation when the 'hole muff be given.
Dick'ifrn, on the fame fide, offered there authoities : 12 n. Tor.
An old manufcript evidence. id. 247. The declaration of a woman prefent

$trrltlEB CopaT of PCnnfylvanla.

19

?rerent at the birth of a child in proof of pedigree. 3 A2'd. 36. to

Ihew that the Dcfendant's rule of evidence is too lI&.

Upon full argument, THE CoURT over-ruled the eviderIce,

vpon the principle contended for by the defendant's council. '

Some ot the defendant's council, the next day, offered fomne of

Do&or Coxe's letters to David Llkyd, Ihewing that the condition

bad been

lompwliie'hd .

BUT 'rHE OURoIT adhered to their opinion, and over-ruled thefe

letters alfo.-A verdi& paffed for the plaintiff, by which the fenfe of

the Jury ws, that the non performance of conditions of fettlement, did not void the 4rant, * "

t773.

Sitetmber Term, 1773.

Th e

Of BIDPL verfus SHIPPEN.

T' H E. Plaintiff, among other evidence, offered a Map, made by
.1 one Zimmerman, about thirty.years ago. One Yohn Ifnorr,
Zimmerman's nephew, proved that faid Map was the work of his Uncle, at the requeft of the People of Gormantown ; that his VUncle dying before he was paid for it,it remained in the family; that it contains the lines of the Germantown Lbts, and the adjacent out Lands; that, upon any difficulty, they apply to him, and this Mao generally dete-rmines any di'pute they'may have about their Lines.
Mr. Chew 6ppofed this Map, -at firft, but afterwards agreed that the Lands in controvetfy were as laid down. in it, and admitted it wtith a falvo of its being no pxecedent. Upon the Plaintiff'soffering it to theJury to take out xiith them, Mr. Chew oppofed it; and fome difference arifing, THE COURT declared itwasnot properevidence, .that they ".1ould not have allowed its being offered to thejury -not
would they fuffer them to take it out with them.
.letermied at ChoAr, i..Prj. v4th AugaLz£ ,.

