COURT of OYER and TERMINER &c. at Philadefpia." 35
And" BY THE COtfRT it 'was accordingl y ruled, thai evidence 17 ,9 might be given of an ove -t a&, committed ,in another county, after '-., an &vertaawas proved to have been committed in the county vfhe" the indi&ment was laid and'tried.
The Defendant was acquitted. The Attorney General and Reed for the Commonwealth. Ft'Ilfon and Rofs for the Defendant.

RESPUBLICA verfus ABRAHAM CARLISLX.

' HIS was an indi&ment for High reafoai, which was fet forth .. in the following words:

" The Jurors for the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania,"upon their " oaths and affirmations, do prefent, That tbraham Carlij7e, late Ccof the city of Philadelphia,in the county of Philadelphia, carpenr " ter; being an inhabitant of and belonging to and refliding within

c the State of Pennfylvania, and under the prote&ion of its laws, and cc owing allegiance to the fame State, as a falfe traitor againft the

,c fame, not having-the fear of God before his eyes, but being moved

" and feduced by the inifigation of tAe Devil, the fidelity -which to

" the fame State he owed. wholly withdrawing, and with all his

might intending the peace and tranquillity of this Commonwealth

" of Pennfylvania to difturb,, and war and rebellion againft the fame

" to rife-and move, and the government and independency thereof,

" as by law eftabliflied, to fubvert, and to raife again and refiore-the

government and tyranny. of the king of GreatBritainwithin the

fame Commonwealth: On the firft day of anuary, in the-year of

" our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fevent , eight, and at divers days and times, as well before as after, At the ciiy of Phila-

deiphia,in the county aforefaid, with force and arms, did falfely arid

" traiteroully take a commillion or commiffions from the king of

" Great Britaifi, and then and there; with force and-arms did falfely

" and treacheroufly alfo take a commiflimn or commifflions from ge-

" neral Sir J'lliamHwe, then and there a&ing under the faid king

" of GreatBritain, and under the authority ofthe fame king, to wit,

a commiffion to watch over and guard the gates of the city of Phi" ladeiphia, by the faid Sir Jl 7illiam Howe, ere&ed ad fet up for the

purpofe of keeping and maintaining the poffefion of the faid city,

" and of ihutting and excluding the faithful and liege inhabitants

" and fubje&s of this State and of. the United States from the'faid

city : And then And there alfo maliciouly and traiteroufly, with

" a great multitude of traitors and rebels, againfi the faid Common-

" wealth, (whofe names are as yet unknown to the jurors) being

armed and arrayed in a hoftile manner, with force and arms did

" falfely and traiteroufly affemble and join himfelf qgainft this. Com-

monwealth, and then and there, with force and arms, did falfel'

" and traiteroufly, and in a warlike and hoftile manner, array :.in.i

E

"difof "

17 z1_. 36

CASES ruled and adjudged in a

difpofe himfelf againif this Commonwealth; and then and there.
· in purfuance and execution of fuch his wicked and traiterous inten"-tios and purpoles af6refiid, did falfely and traiteroufly prepare, or-
dir, wage and levy a pxublic aud cruel war againit this Common'Wealth'; then and there committing and perpetrating a miferable
and cruel flaughter of and amongft the faithful and liege inhabitants thereof; and then and there did, with force and arms, falfely and.
, traitero6l y aid and afflift the king QiGreat-Britain,being an-enemy " at-open war again't this State, by joining his armies, to wit, his " army under thecommand of general Sir HqlliamHowe, then ac&ual-
ly irvadingthis State; 2nd then and there malicioufly and traiterouf" ly, (; ith divers other Traitors to the jurors aforefaid unknown,)
'With forc andarms, did combine, plot and confpire to betray this
" State and the United States ofZmerica into the hands and power of the kingy of Great-Britain,beinga foreign enemy to this State and to the United Staies'of America, at open war againft the fame; and
, then and there did, with forceand arms, malicioully and traiterouf" lygive and fend intelligence to the fame enemies for thatpurpofe,
" aimni the duty of his allegiance, againft the form of the a& ofAf" fembly in fich cafe made and provided, and againit the peace and " dignity of the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania."

The _dtornzey Generaloffering a witnefs to prove, that the Defendant had taken a quantity of falt from perfons whoii he ternied Reheb, as they were paffing out of the city of Philadelphia; and that he
had a power of granting paffus ; his counfel objected, that this was
in-pertinent to the overt a0 laid in the indi&ment, and therefore not admiflible. 2 ;Vils. 148. 9. It was urged that at conmmon law,
no evidence could he given of a fa6f, which was not ftated in the declaration. L. N. P. 21. 192. 3. And that this caution, with refpe& to.the allegataetprohata, in a ci,il caufe, ought, afortiori, to
be exercifed in a capital profecution. The overt at muff be particularlv laid, and ftri6tly proved, z H, H. P. C. 121. For, juf-
tice requires that the Defendant fhould be fully apprized of Ihe charge, fo" that he may have an opportunity of encountring it with
- his evidence. When, indeed, one overt a47 is eltabliflhed, evidence may be given of another overt a17, relative to the fame treafon, but not before. " The only overt o17 laid in the prefent indictment, is taking a commiflion ; and it is no oroof of the Defendant's taking, a commillion,that he fei.zed the falt in queftion,or poffeffed a power or
authority' to let people out of the city,-Merely to fay, likewife, that he was aiding and aflifting the enemy. without laying- fmething !more, is no off~nce; to afcertain the crime, it mult be hy joining the armies of the enemy; y iurnifhing them with nrovifions ; hy enliffing, or procdring others to enlilt in their troops, or hy carrying on a traiterous correfpondence with them. The aiding
and afilting is the Treafon, but thefe are the over a,57s, which muff ba laid and proved, 11norder to convi t the Defendant of the charge.
'The ttorney General, in reply, obferved, that by the pleadings in a cii a"tion, the ififbe muft be iedued "o a fingle point.; and he adinitcd ,that in al indic'ments for treafon, an.oe,'t a,7 muft be' laid
and

COURT Of OYER and TEMI(NER &c. at Phiade hia. 37
and proved. But, he contended, that it was unnecefhary to fill the 177 t indicCmeht with a detail of the whole evidence in fupport of the profecution; for, if the charge is reduced to a reafonable certainty, it is all that juiftice can require, and it is all that is to be found in any former precedent. Divers overt a.?s may, alfo, be laid in the fame indi&rmbnt ; and, though fome of them are iaul, if one be well proved, it is fufficient to entitle the Commonwealth to a verdi&. Where a perfot was charged with compaffing the king's deth, 'evidence was allowed to be given of the prifoner's aflembling with forty men, though that overt a17 was not laid in the indiament. Ffl.· 245. id. 9. 10. 22. As to what amounts to levying war, itis faid Id. 1z6. that the joining with rebels in an a& of rebellion, or with enemies in an aa of holfility, will make a man a traitor. So, likewife, hutting gates againhi the king, or"his troops; in confederacy with enemies, or rebels, comes within the fame defcription of treafon. Id. 2 t8. and the fame overt a't5 may be applied to feveral diflin& branches of treafon, Id. x96, 7" 8. where, it appears, that lord Pre/ on's taking boat at Surry flairs, with the intention of carrying. treafonable papers into France, for treafonab!c purpofes, was a fufficient cver! at7 in Middljex, to maintain the indi-tment there. Id. 217. 218. The form of the prefent indi~lment is fimilar to that againfi Eneas M'Donald. Id. 5- The charge of levying war is made in the fame manner, as in the proceedings againif the rebels in the year 1746. And the arraying and marching are alfo laid agreeably to the terms of all the precedents'.
The CHIEF JUSTICE delivered the opinion of the Court to the following effea:
M'KEAN, Chiefyuiice. There are * three fpecies of treafon in Pennfylvania: Fil), To tike a commilion or commiffions fronk the king of Great-Britain,or any under his authority; f'condl, To levy war againit the State or Government thereof; and thirdly, Knowingly and'willingly to aid and allill any'enemnies at open war againft this State, or the United States of AZverica. With refpe&, to this third fpecies of treafon, the Legiflature has further explained the meaning of the words,. aiding and a/flng, to be, " byjoiningthe ar-" mies of the enemy, or by enlifting, or procuring, or perfuading " others to enlift for that purpofe; or by furnifhing fuch enemies " with arms or ammunition, provifion, or any other article, or ar" ticles, for their aid or comfort, or.by carrying on a traiterous cor" refpondence with them."- Al thefe feveral fpecies of treafon are laid in this indiament.
An a& of Affembly pzffed the 3d December, 1782, has encreared the number oftreafons, by declaring, that " ereding, or endeavonring to erect a new and in" dependant government -%Yirhiv this Commonwealth-" and alfe " fetting up any " notice, written or printed, cAling the people together for that parpofe," are adu of high treafon. See 3 Sl. .Laz,, zz.

38

CASES ruled and adjudged in a

78. It is here particularly flated, that the Defendant took a commif.j fion, under the king of Great-Britain,to watch and guard the gates of thq city of Philadelphia; and the offence is certain enough in this defciipton, though, without fome overt aa, it would not be fufFlcient for a conviction. In order to prove an overt aa7, however,, evidence has been offered to (hew, that the prifoner had a power of granting paffes into, and out of the city, which was at that time in the poffeflion of the enemy. In F9!?. zo. a witnefs depofed, that one Berwick was confined in the room afligned for the rebel oficers taken at CarlJ7e by the duke of Cumberland; and this was deemed a fufficient proof of his holding a commiflion. The Court, on the prefent occafion, however, are of opinion, that the evidence which is offered, ought to -e received, but not as conclufive proof of the Defendant's having-taken a commillion. Nor will the evidence of feizing the falt, or any ad of difarmiing the inhabitants whom the
Defendant called Rebels, apply to this' fpecies of treafon; however they may fiipport the allegation, of his havipg joined the armies of
the king of Great-Britain. We think it is fufficient, alfo, to lay in the indidment, that the
Defendant fent intelligence to the enemy, without 1l!tting forth the particular letter, or its contents: And, though the charge of levying
war is not, of itfelf, fufficient; yet affembling, joining and arraying himfelfwith-the forces of the enemy, is a fuflicient overt aa?, of levying war.
BY THE CouRT :-Let thewitnefsbe fworn.

The Attorney General and Reed, for the Commonwealth-Raof and JXilfon for the Defendant.
The .Defendant being convided by the verdi&l of the Jury, his counfel filed the following reafons in arreft of judgment:
Sift. For that the indi6tment is vague and uncertain, there being no overt-ac7 exprefsly or particularly afcertained, as the prifoner is fidvifed it ought to be.
2dly. For that the formal part ofthe indicament is not drawn with fufficient precifion.
3dly. For that the feveral fa&s are fo uncertainly charged, that the prifoner could not be apprized of the particulars urged againft him. And
4 thly. That the whole wantsform and fubifance. Thefe reafons were elaborately difcuffed on the 5 th of Oelo~er, x778, by the fame counfel on both fides: But, upoir mature confideration, they were finally over-ruled BY"T COURY, who gave judgment for the Commonwealth; and the Defendant, a fhort time afterwards, was accordingly executed.

RLSPTLICA

COURT of.OrER and Ta-RIxNERt &C. at Philaddpbia. 39
I '7 8..
RESPUBLICA verfus JOHN ROBERTS.
NDICTMENT for High 2reafon.-A witnefs was called to prove, that the Defendant had attempted to prevail upon him to enlift with the Britilh army ; but that he did not fucceed. This gave rife to a quefifon on thefe words of the aft ot A!lemblyThat if any perforr or perfons knowingly and willingly hall aid or aftift any enemies at open war with this State &c. -by per"]iadngothers to enlift for that purp6fe &c. he ihall be adjudged guilty of high treafon " 2 State Laws p. 18. 19. In fupport of the profecution, it was urged, that the attempt to prevail, conffituted" the crime; and that it was like the cafe of a man's fending intelligence to the enemy, which was an a& equally criminal in the fender, whether the intelligence was receivcd, or not. For the Defendant, it was argued, that perfridingimpliesfuccefs; -fuadeo fignifying to advife, and perfuadeo to advife through, or fuccefsfully: And, therefore, it cannot properly be faid of any perfon, that he was perfuiaded, unlefs he has done fome a& i n confequence of his perfuafion.
BY THE COURT :-There is proof of an overt a6f, that the'prifoner did enlqfl, and evidence is now offered to lhew, that he alfo" endcavoured to perfuade others to enlift, ip the armies of the enemy. *But we-are of opinion, that the word peti)adng, ufed by the Legiflature, means tOf.cuzced; and that there muff be an acual enlifiment ot the perfonperJuaded,in order to bring the Defendant within the.. intention of the claufe. 2 Lord Ray. 889.
The evidence offered, however,: is proper to fhew quo antoo, the. prifoner himfelfjoi'ned the Britihforces.
The counfel for the Commonwealth then offered to give in evidence, the confeflion of the Defendant,' that he was going to the Headof Elk, in order to communicate fojne information to Mr. Galloway, who had at that time, gone over to the enemy..
But it was oppofed by the adverfe counfel, who contended, that a confellion, unlefs in open Court, had never been evidence to convia. That, though inder the I Edward6. it is faid a man might beconvi&ed oftreafon, by the teftimony of two witneffes, or his voluntary contellion; 2 Hawk. -5 6. yet, that flatute does not extend to Pemnfylvania, and by the 7 W 3. C. 3. it is expreffly declared, that no man canbe indided, arraigndd, or tried, in a cafe of treafon, but by the tefiimony of two witneifes, or the confellion of the party made, without violence, in open Court. Fol. 10. 24-1. 2. 3. But the a& of Aifembly of Penyl3,.vania totally excludes a convidion by confeflion. See Prin. Pen. Law i49. A confellion uiay, indeed, be given in evidence to corroborate a trealon that has already been efablithed by two witnes ; but not to prove the treafon itfelt.
By

40

CCS.szs rulzd -rd zdjt:dged &c.

1778. By THE COURT :-To prove the Defendant's confeffion by two , witneffes, is certainly.not fufficient, under the flatute, to convi&
him. But a confeflion after the fa&, is proof of thefa&I iyfflf; and t'.)ugh not competent alone to fupply the want of two witneffes yet it is good by way cf corroboration : And, thereforei if an overt ae7 has beer, proved in the county of Cketfer by two witnefles, the evidence now oftered will be proper. in confirmation of their teflimony.
One-of the zvert as,then, laid in the indi&ment, is aiding and afliftipg the enemy by joining their armies, and this has been legally and fatisfa&orily proved. NotwithfIanding, therefore, the other overt ar7 of giving intelligence to the enemy, is not fiupported by any evidence, but the Defendant's own confeifion now offered, and which is in that refpe& infufficient; yet, it may be produced to fubfiantiate another fpecies of treafon; and on that ground we now admit it to be prove4d4.2.See Flerto, 244, 5Bacon'sAbr, 145. Gregg's Cafe.- 2 Hazk..
The A4ttorney Generaland Reed, for the Commonwealth-Rofs
and JJilfon, for the Defendant.

The prifoner being convi&ed by the.jury, his counfel' moved the
Court to fet afide the verdid, and grant a new trial, becaufe he was advifed, -, that the evidence givcn refpeffing his declarations, or confeflions, was altogether illegal, and ought not to have been allowed."
After argument, by the fame counfel, on both fides, the motion was reftfed BY THE COURT, who gavejudgment for the Commonwealth ; and the Defendant, a flhort time afterwards, was, -accordingly, executed.

SUPrEME COURT of Fennrb'hama.
SUPREME COURT of Pennfulvania, AIpril Term, 1779.

RESPUBLICA verfius CORNELIUS SWEERS.
A T a Court of Oyer and1erminer &c. held at Philadelphiain N -
Veml'er, 1778, the Defendant was indided for kforgery upon two bills. The proceedings were removed by certiorarireturnableinto this Court, on the 5 th day of December following; and the iflues, on not guilty pleaded, were tried before a Special Jury on the i 4 th April, i 7 7 9 , when the Defendant was convikted upon both indid'ments. Afterwards he filed reafons in arreft of judgment, of Wvhich a recapitulation will be f'ound in the fentence of the Court; and thefe reafons were argued, ind over-iuled, on the 1 9 th day of the- fame month.

The fir? indidment was for alteringa bill of parcels and receipt given by jiMargat-et Duncan, for goods bought f'rom her, with intent to defraud the United States; and the charge was Let forth in the following words:

PhiladelphiaCounty f.
" The Jurors for the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania, upon
their oaths and affirmations, do prefent, that Cornejius S-weet's,
late of the county 'aforefaid yeoman, on the 4th day of Feruary,
".in the year of our Lord I778, and long before, and Iince, :..s
a Deputy Commiffary General of military ftores, in the armies
of the United States of dmerica, and entrtted and employed by
Colonel Benjamin Fowers, the Conimiffary General of military
"lrtres .in the arnies aforefaid,, and by the honorable continental Congrfs, to m.:ke purchafes of military ftores, and of divers

" other articles, neceffary and fitting in the preparation of military

" tores, for the ufe of the armies aforefaid, and to make payments, and. take receipts, bills of parcels, and other vouchers therefor.

" And the Jurors aforefaid, upon their oaths and atfirmations afore" Laid, do fay, and further prifent, that the faid Cornelius Sweers,

-F

0 oft

C,%srs rLled and adjudged in the

7. " on-the fame 4th day of Februay, in the year aforefaid, at the city "' of Philadephia, in the county alorefaid, having in his cuflody " arid poffeihon a certain bill ofparcels or account, with a certificatt

" and receipt, all in writing, lor a parcel or quantity of flannel

cloth,, by him purchafed of one 1tivargaret Duncan, for the ufe of

" the Lzakortbory of the fame armies, and which laid writing was in

" the words. figures, cyphers and letters following; that is to fay;

United States of America

" To Margaret Duncan Dr.'

1778, Feb. 4th To 57 & a qr, yard Flannel 3 2j6d 4 83 5 7

"To 9 yds Do.

35f

15 15 0

o To 107 & 3 qr. yds Do. 5!f6 282 6 io"

·38r

17 S

I do certify that the above was purchafed and delivered to me for tile ufe of the Laboratoryat Cari/Je.
IjaacCoran, Captain of the Artillery.

cc and on the back fide of which Laid writing is indorfed and written

- thd words following; that'is to fay: Received the within. con-

tents in full MargaretDuncan: He the Laid Cornelius Sweers af-

terwards, to wit, on the fame day and year aforefaid, at PhIladel"phia afdrefaid, in the county aforefaid, with force and arms, the
Laid bill of parcels or writing, falfely, fraudulently, and deceit-

fully, did alter, and caufe to be altered, by falfely making, forg-

ing and iding the figure +-to and. before the figure 9, in the fe-

,,cond item of the laid bill of parcels or writing, which figures and

" letters did, before fuch laft mentioned forgery,.-i port and fignify

" nine yards, but by reafon and means of fuch laft mentioned for,,gery and addition, did become , import, and.,.fignify forty nine

,cyards; and alfo by forging andaltering the figure r,in the um of

,,the Laid fecond item in the bill-of parcels or writing aforefaid, to

c,the figure 8; which figures did, before fuch aft mentioned alte-

,'ration and forgery, import and fignify fifteen pounds, and fifteen

Sflbillings, but, by reafon and means or fuch laft mentioned altera-

tion and forgery, did become, import and fignify eighty five

pounds and fifteen fhillings and alfo by falfely forging and alter-

ing the figure 3 to the figure 4, and the figure 8 to the figure 5, in

the fum total or amount Q1 the faid bill of parcels or writing ; o' which figures did, before fuch laft mentioned forgery and altera-

tion, import Land fignify three hundred and eighty one pounds,

' feventeen fhillings and five pence, but, by reafon and means of

" fuch laft mentionied forgery and alteration, did" become, import

" and figniLv four hundred and fifty one pounds, feventeen fhilings and five. pence, with intention to defraud the MinftedStates of .me-

rica aforefaid, of feventy pounds, of lawful mioney of Pennfylva-

, nia, to the evil example of all others, in like cafe offending, to

the great damage of the aid United States, and againft the peace

and digaity of the Commonwealth of Pennfjylvaia."

The

SUF X-ME COURT of Pennfyivania.

43

Thefecond indii&ment was forforging a receipt,. purporting to be 1779. a receipt from one Adam Fulke, with intent to defraud the United i States. It was expreffed in the following words:

" PhiladelphiaCounty ff. - The Jurors for the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania, upon
" their. oaths and alfirmations, do prefent, that Cornelius Sweers,
Slate of the county aforefaid, yeoman, on the firft day of July, in " the year of. our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and feventy
feven, and long before, and fince, was a clerk to the department of the Commilfary General of military ifores, in'the armies of " he UnitedStates ofAmerica, and entrufted and employed by Colonel Bei jamih Flowers, the Commiffary General of miliary ftores in the armies :forefaid, and by-the honorable continental Con" grefs, to make payments, andtake receipts, bills of parcels, and " other vouchers, for mi!itary flores, and for divers articles, neceffary and fitting in the preparation of military flores, purchafed
" for the ufe of the armies aforefaid, and to keep the accounts " thereof: And the Jurors aforefaid, upon their oaths and affirma" tions aforefaid, do further prefent, that the fame Cornelius Swirs.
on the fame day and year afdrefaid, at the city of Philadelphia, in
" the county aforefaid, contriving and intending, falfely and frau" dulently, to deceive and defraud the United States aforefaid,' a with force and arms, falfely, wickedly and unlawfully, did
make, forge and counterfeit, and caufe to be made, forged and counterfeited, a certain writing, purporting to be a receipt for " one thoufand and twenty pounds and fifteen fhillings, and purporting to be figned in the name of one Adam Foulk, in the-words and figures followingto wit, " 3 Rec'd. rft July 1777 of Col. B.
" Flower, C. G. M. S. one thoufand and twenty pounds 15f. for 4! 82o bayonet belts, and 920 cartouch boxes, for the ufe of the ar" my.

. o20-15

Adam. Foulk.

" to the evil example of all others in like cafe offending, to the great damage of the United State q, and againrf the peace and dignity of the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania. And the Jurors
Caforefaid, upon their oaths and affirmations atorelaid, do further
- prefent, that the faid Cornelius Sweers, contriving and intending " the faid United Statres, falfely and fraudulently, to deceive and de-
" fraud, then and there, with force and arms, the faid writing, fo w'as aforefaid falfely made and counterfeited, purporting to be a re-
ceipt for the fum of one thoufand and twenty pounds and fifteen fhillings, and purporting to be figned in the name of the faid " Adarm Foulk, wickedly, unlawfully and fraudulently, did publifh, " and caufe to be publifhed, as and for a true writing and receipt of
E the laid ldaam Foulke; which faid falfely forged and counterfeited " writing

4 -

CASES ruled and adjudged in the

--. " writig, is in the words and ficures following to wit" 3 Rec'el

"'itt yus 1777 of Col. B. P-i.-cr, C. G. M. S. one thoufand
" and twenty pounds [ 5f. for 820 bayonet bolts and 920 cartouch

" b~xes for the ufe of the army,

7 1020-1.5

Adam Pculk.

(he flhe faid Cir;7eius zweers, at the time of publiflhing the faid Salfe and counterfeit writing there by him in form 'aforelaid, well knowing the faid writing to have been falfely forged and counter".eited as aiorefaid,) to the ciil example of all others in like cafe oiending, to the c-at damage of the faid United States, -and' agains if the peace anI dignity ot the Commonwealth of Pennjjlva-
ml'a.

The rrifoner being brought before the Court to receive fentence, M'KEaAN, kief 7juiee, addreffied him to the following effet-

Gorne,'us Sweers :-After a fair and full trial, you have been con-

viaed of thc crime of Fcrgery, upon two indi6iments, by a Special

Jury of your country. The offence fated in the fir_indiement, is that of altering a receipt given by _114argaretDuncan ; and the charge

contained in thefecondindi&rnent, is that of forging a receipt, pur-

porting to be the receipt of Adam Fzdke. Your council have taken

e ve-a, eXCL .ions to the form and fubftance of 'thefe indi&ments,

upol. - ,ij-,ionin arreft of judgment.

Thefiyfl exception was, " that, at the time of the offence charg-

" ed, the nitied States were not a body corporate known in law.",

But the Court are of a different opinion. From the moment of

their affociation, the United States neceffarily became a body corpor-

ate ; for, there was no fuperior from whom that chara&er.-could

otherwife be derived. In England, the king, lords, and commons, are certainly a body corporate; and yet there never was any charter

or flatute, by, which they -were exprefsiy fo created. An indi&ment,

however, may be fufficiently maintained upon " an intent to de-

"fceivb my lieg e fibjes ;" and to that purpofe there is a pofitive authority, notreferred to by the council, where a perfon was indi&-

ed, for having in his cuflody z piece of bafe metal, in the fimilitude of a fix-pence, knowing it to be bafe, with intent to defraud the

liege fibjeds &c.

Thef'cond exception was, " that the charges in the indi6ments;

"'were not dire"t and pofitive, but only argumentative." On this

poinz we cannot helitate to declare, that the charges appear to us to

be as direct and pofitive, as it was poffible to exprefs them. Fne third exception was, " that the indi&ments do not charge

" that -nv perfon was aatually defrauded." But in the King verus

Jflhb 2

PRda.y. 1461, all the Judges declared, that if the cheat

'be prejudicial, that is, of fuch a nature as may prejudice, an indi&-

ment

SUPREME COURT of Pennfylvanht.

45

ment would well lie. In .the cafe of forgery, properly fo called, which includes only records, deeds, wills, or public initruments, it may, perhaps, be neceffary that fome perfon fhould be a&ually prejudiced. This rule, however, does not extend to cheats of the prefent'defcription,; in which it is fuficient, that the a& be of a projudicial nature.
Upon thewhole, we are of opinion, that yourconvition has been legal, as well as juft ; and, therefore, it only remains to pronounce the fentence ofthe Court.
Sentence, on the firft indi6lment :-A fine of £. 70. and imprifonment until the 4th of July, the anniverfary of dmericanIn-
dependence.
Sentence, on the fecond indi&ment :-A fine of C. 1020. Imprifonment until the next annual ele&ion for Pennfylvania, and flanding in the pillory for one hour.

1779.

The

O Y.E R. and T E R M I N E R &C-
at Philadelphia
September Seffions-, 1778.
8efore M'KEtAN, Chief uvuic , ATLEE and EVANS, 74flits..

RESPU8LICA verfus MOL15ER et dZ.

FTER fill argument byW/5fn, Rof and Liwis, counfel for 7hua Molder and John Taylor, indiaed for treafon, and of

the Attorney General and keedin behalf of this Commohwealth:

It is ruled BY THE COURT, That every perfon accufed, or in-

died of High rreafon, fhall have a copy of the whole indi&ment

(but not the names of the witneffes) a reafonable time, not lefs

tqhuainrinogntehedafaymeb,efoarned tphaeytinrigalr;ealhfiosnrabtlteornfeeeys, thceoruenfoferl:,

or ageht And Thall

real-

fobe furnifhed with a copy of the pannel of the jurors who are to

try him, duly returned by the Sheriff, and delivered to him, or his

counfel, a reafonable time- not lefs than one day, before his trial

RESPUBLICA Verfus MALIN,

NDICTMENT for H-igh Treafon.-The prifoner, miftakihg

a corps of American troops for Brtifjh, went over to them. And

now the Atiornty General offered evidence of words fpoken by the

Defendant, to prove this miftake,, ard his real intention of joining

and adhering to the enemy.

This was oppofed by- the counf-l for the Defendant, who con-

tended, that as words did not amount to treafon, no general evi-

E

dece

3I

CMsMs rMled and adjudged in a

778. dence -could be g-ven of a man's fentimen.ts; -but that the intention ...... expreffied by any words offered in evidence, muft relate immediately
to the avert'aR laid and ptoved on the indi&menf ; that altho(zgh an adherence to. the Briih troops was treafon, yet, an adherence to American troops, even under a fuppo ition that they were Br.;hlb, did not amount to that crime; and that the opinion, that words joined with a&ions made treafon, however ingcnioully Iipporied,4 iailed
in point of law. See 3 GrO. "32. I hie ttoorney Gener'a!, on the other hand, admitted that words
alone do not amount to treafon; but, he infiffed, that they were proper evidence to ex iain the Defenda nt's aetions on a trial for that crime. I-Haw _39. . Fe. 202. For, though barely tBeingwith-
in the- enemy's camlp might be. innocent; yet if it could be Ihewn, that re intention of going thither was to join and a'dhere to them, the evidence ought to be received.
BY THE COURT :-NO evidence of words relative to the miftake of the American troops. can be admitted ; for any adherence to them, though contrary to the defign of the party, cannot pofibly come within the idea of treafon.
But, as it appears, that the prifaner was aftually-with the enemy -at another time, words indicating his intention to join them, are
ropqer teftimony to explain the motives, upon which that intention was afterwards carried into efFe&.

The Attorney Generalthen called a witnefs to prove that the Defendant was feen parading with the enemy's light horfe in the city of
Philadlphia. But to this, alfo, his counfel objeded: For, they urged, that
every criminil at muff be tried in the county in which it.is commit-
ted. Cra. C. 247. 4 B!L C. 301. 3 L3/L 48. 49.80. And that the circumfiance of merely joining the enemy's army, being neither treafon, nor mifprifion of treafon, unlefs done with a traiterou intention, no m-ert ad had been proved in CGkfe.er, which was a prerequifite to any evidence being heard of an overt ae? committed in
any other county. To evince that this was, likewife, the fenfe ofiheLegiflfit,re, the Defendant's counfel read the aft of Alfembly giv-
ing the Szpreine (swu' a fpecial power to try offenders in Lancq/?er, for
,crimescommitted in the counties of Chefier and Philadeiphia.

The omrnry Generdl anfwered, that when an oz,ert adf is provea in the county where the trial is held, corroborative evidence may be given of avert aefs committed in any other county. Fol. 9. 2 Hawk. X3"6. And that having eltabliflied the prifoner's prefence with the BiNifh army, nothing, but the proof of aaual force, and its continuance, could excufe him from the iharge of adhering to the ene*mhies of the Commonwealth. Fo. ;x. For, joining the army of an ;cnemy, has a] ways been held~prona.fcieevidence ofar ave- ad.
And

COURT of OYER and TERMINER &c. at Philadefpia." 35
And" BY THE COtfRT it 'was accordingl y ruled, thai evidence 17 ,9 might be given of an ove -t a&, committed ,in another county, after '-., an &vertaawas proved to have been committed in the county vfhe" the indi&ment was laid and'tried.
The Defendant was acquitted. The Attorney General and Reed for the Commonwealth. Ft'Ilfon and Rofs for the Defendant.

RESPUBLICA verfus ABRAHAM CARLISLX.

' HIS was an indi&ment for High reafoai, which was fet forth .. in the following words:

" The Jurors for the Commonwealth of Pennfylvania,"upon their " oaths and affirmations, do prefent, That tbraham Carlij7e, late Ccof the city of Philadelphia,in the county of Philadelphia, carpenr " ter; being an inhabitant of and belonging to and refliding within

c the State of Pennfylvania, and under the prote&ion of its laws, and cc owing allegiance to the fame State, as a falfe traitor againft the

,c fame, not having-the fear of God before his eyes, but being moved

" and feduced by the inifigation of tAe Devil, the fidelity -which to

" the fame State he owed. wholly withdrawing, and with all his

might intending the peace and tranquillity of this Commonwealth

" of Pennfylvania to difturb,, and war and rebellion againft the fame

" to rife-and move, and the government and independency thereof,

" as by law eftabliflied, to fubvert, and to raife again and refiore-the

government and tyranny. of the king of GreatBritainwithin the

fame Commonwealth: On the firft day of anuary, in the-year of

" our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fevent , eight, and at divers days and times, as well before as after, At the ciiy of Phila-

deiphia,in the county aforefaid, with force and arms, did falfely arid

" traiteroully take a commillion or commiffions from the king of

" Great Britaifi, and then and there; with force and-arms did falfely

" and treacheroufly alfo take a commiflimn or commifflions from ge-

" neral Sir J'lliamHwe, then and there a&ing under the faid king

" of GreatBritain, and under the authority ofthe fame king, to wit,

a commiffion to watch over and guard the gates of the city of Phi" ladeiphia, by the faid Sir Jl 7illiam Howe, ere&ed ad fet up for the

purpofe of keeping and maintaining the poffefion of the faid city,

" and of ihutting and excluding the faithful and liege inhabitants

" and fubje&s of this State and of. the United States from the'faid

city : And then And there alfo maliciouly and traiteroufly, with

" a great multitude of traitors and rebels, againfi the faid Common-

" wealth, (whofe names are as yet unknown to the jurors) being

armed and arrayed in a hoftile manner, with force and arms did

" falfely and traiteroufly affemble and join himfelf qgainft this. Com-

monwealth, and then and there, with force and arms, did falfel'

" and traiteroufly, and in a warlike and hoftile manner, array :.in.i

E

"difof "

