SUPREME COURT of Pennf lvania:
April Term, 1781,
The Claim of JACOBS verfus ADAMs Executor
H I S cafe had been argued on the 3d of _7uly by Lewis for the Claimant, ind Bradfordfor the eftate of Adams. Thefornwr cited 2 P. 91711. 157, 154. Prafl. Rrg. Barn. 151. 3 Wzr. 206.
2 Burr io8 3 .- The lattrrcited io Mod. 277. 6 Mod. 167.
And now, the 8th of July, the CHIEF JUSTICE ftated the queftion, and delivered the opinion of the Court, to the following effe&
M'KEAN, C. 7. The Teflator, Flowers, and "7acobs, entered
into an agrtement for the fale of certain lands i oon after which Flower's died, and Yacohs paid the purchafe money to his executors. The will, however, which appointed thefe executors, was afterwards fet afide, having been obtained by undue influence ; and Ja,os filed the prefent claim to recover the money that he had thus irproperly paid.
he only queflon fubmitted to the confideration of the Court, is,
whether under thefe circumifances, interefi ihould be allowed ? If there appeared, on the part of the executors, any thing like afupi-
pretffo yri, orfuggSfliofalfi, our decifion would, oerhaps, he different from that which we have formed. But on the prefent complexion of the tranfa&ion, we think nointerefit ought to be allowed.
In Pentnrts, it is faid, that no intereft is lawful, and, in many othercafes, that it cannot be recovered, unlefs given by a pofitiveflatute. When the St. of H. 7. c. was paired, a queftion arofe, whether intereft might he allowed pending a writ of error; and it was refufed. In the cafe of promilrory notes, however, where aday certain is fixed for payment, intereft is allowed from the day of payment ; kind, where no day is fixed, it is payable from the time of &nand. But in the inflance before us, the money was received, as Wdl as paid, in a miflake, and neither fraud or furprize can be imputed to either p irty. Therefore,
Let the claim be allowed for the principal fum which jaobs had paid, without intereft.
m Hernrj.Expr yerfus ZIfi4. at. at. poft.
G

SUPREME COURT of Pennfylvana,
April Term, 1780.
RESPUBLICA verJus TOWEIL.
TH I S was an indictment againft the Defendant, a baker -em,-
ploycd by the army of the United States, for a cheat, in baking 2.i9 barrells of bread, and marking them as 'weighing'88 lb. each. whereas they only feverally weighed 68 lb. The indi&ment being originally found at the City Court, in Oolter Seffions 1779, was removed by Certiorarinto this Court.
And now Lewis, for.the defendant, cohtended, that falfe tokens are only indictable by the St. of 33. Her. 8. c. x. which has no ope*ration in Pennfytvaxia; and he cited 3 Burr. 1697. x Bzrn. 291. 2
s. Ca. 2. d4Tttoerney (-neral(Sergeant) infifled, that the Defendant's office
was a public truf ; and cited 2 Burr. 1125. 1 Hawk. 187. Taz COURT faid, that this was clearly an injury to the public;. and the fraud the more eafily io be perpetrated, fince it was the cuftorn to take the barrels ot breac at the marked weight, without weighing them again. The public indeed, could not by common prudence prevent the fraud, as th6 Defendant was himfelfthe officer of the public pro hac vice. They were therefore of opinion, that the offence was inditable.
JA.MES'S Claim.
THE cafe was this: .7obn Parrockwas attainted of Highk TraLfo, and his eflate _eized and advertifed for fale. AJe2: d7ames.
filed a claim, accordingto the a& of'Affembly, paffed the 6th iay of Marcb 1778, in order to obtain a decree e!lablilhing his right, to. ;what, he alledged, whs a vefted remainder in him, after the expiration of an eftate for life, which, he contended, was' all that John Parrock was poffieffed of in the premiffes, and he never had any if-
fie.
The

1780.

48

CASEs ruled and adjudged in the

The quefiion depended on the due conflru&ion of the following devife.-" I devife the refidue of my eftate to 7ohn Parrck, during " the term of his natural life, and if he leaves lawful iftue, then "I give rpy real eftate unto fuch ifthe: But, in cafe of his dying " without iffue, or they dying under the age of twenty one years, - then I devife all my real eflate umo Abel "ames hi: heirs and af"' figns, o'n condition that he, or they, pay the PennfylvaniaHofpital 41£ 300.

After argument, the CHIEF JusTricE delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:
M'KEAN, Chief Juflice : The remainder in fee of this eflate is claimed *by 4bel_7ames; who alledges that, whether the eftate given to Parrock was lor life, or in tail, he is entitled to a vefted rermainder in fee, which is not barred by the attainder of Parrock. The Court, however, are of opinion, that the word ifflue in this cafe is a limitation, and that 7ohn Parrocktook an eflare tail under this devife. Probably, indeed, no more than an eftate for life was intended to have been given to him, but the law fupervenes that intention. Thef'e is a fecond intention, manifeft in the will, which is to be carried into execution ; that is, that the iirue fliould take in fucceffion, which they could not do, .without a previous eftate of inheritance in the father.
The meaning ofthe teftator appears clearly to have been, that the eftate fhould not go over, while there was any ilfue, and it is exprefsly provided, that all muft be extin&, and none have attained the age of twenty one years, before it Ihoutd pafs to Abel James.
This is not a new cafe; for, it has beer; long fettled, that the words "' natural life," make no difference. Sunday's cafe 9 Co. Rep. 276. Helin and henings. I Freem. Rep. 50o92 Eq. Abr. 31t. ca. -18 Cmyns's _Rep. 289. I VIl. 6oo: 754 &c. Forteft. Rep. 84 .
Ld Raym. 1437. I Barnard.Rep. in B 6 -366. 7 was the decifion.
As therefore, _o7hn Parrocktook an eaate tail, the land was forfeited by the attinder ; and the claim of Aiel _anes muft be difmif, fed.
The claim difmiffed.

