FEDERAL CouRT or APPEALS.

meutrality, and therefore the property on board a neutral vefffel ought not to be prote~ied.'
The ordinance of Congrefs makes no exception of GreatBritain; for it fays, you fhall not feize orcapture effe&s belonging to the belligerent povers on board of neutral veffels. GreatBritainis here beyond a doubtcomprehended i for fhe was a belligerent power when the ordinance paffed.
But it is faid this ordinance of Congrefs is obligatory only on commanders of veifels, but not in the Courts of Admiralty and Appeal. We cannot think that this objeftion was feriouflv made.
Uponthe wholewe areof opinion thatthe decreebelowwith regard to the fhip, be confirmed; and with regard to the cargo, that it be reverfed, and the cargo be charged with the ftipulated freight.

1781.

December Seflion, ][781.

MILLER, Libellant and Appellant, versus
The

The Ship RESOLUTroN, &C. The Cargo of the Ship SOLUTION, &c.

('N motion, of Wiljon, for the Appellants, a rule had beelt

)granted in September Sellion hift, to fhew caufe, why there

fhould not be a rehearlhg in thefe Appeals : ift, becaufe the

decree had erred in fa&; and 2d. becaufe there had been a difco-

very of material teftimony fince it was pronounced: And, it was,

argued on the 26th December, 178"t, by Morris,irl fupport of the

rule, and by Sereant and. Wilockr, in oppofition to it.

In fupport of the'rule, it was faid, that the re-hearing ought

to be allowed, on the principle that humanum eft errare- and bVy

analogy to the praffice of the Court of Chancery, founded oh

that principle. It is true, that the intereft of the community re-

quires, that there fhQuld be an end to controverfies ; but thia

muft be attended to, confiftently with doing juftice. A re-hearing

oftheChancellor's decree teems, indeed, to be a matter of coiirfe,

on application, for that purpofe, by any two Counfel of refpe ble chara&er. Bo. Cur. Can. 240. 243. 364. 385. 4°O5fih-

The petition for a re-hearing was filed ) as foon. as information

of thedecree was recei'ted: There has, therefore, been no laches

Cz

irk

20

CAsPS ruled and decreed in the

7781. L

in makingthe application; and even when-the Chancellorhas made his final decree, the form of petition merely fRates that he has erred
in confcience, as to the fats ; and the application is feldor refufed. But though the requeft of Counfel fhould not, of itfelf, be deemed fufficient, the difcovery of new evidence fubfequent to the decree, ought to be admitted,as a foundation for a re-hearing. By this evidence it will appear, that other veffels, though really Briti/, have been fitted out by the fame parties, under the fame cover ; and, of confequence, the inference will be Rrong that the Refoution was alfo Brit#i property.

In oppofition to the rule, it was obferved, that the moft pernicious confequences would enfue, if a new trial fhould. be granted upon every requeft, and that the paymentof coils will not be a fufficient check ; as the advantage of having the property in hand more than compenfates that inconvenience. But in anfwering the caufes affigned for a re-hearing, it was contended, that the Law of Chancery did not. apply. In Chancery, the fuits being new, and the parties liable to furprize, re-hearings are frequently allowed ; but in the Houfe of Lords a re-hearing is never allowed. Nor is it confonant with the pra&ice of this Court; though if the Court was itfef diffatisfied with-the principles of the decree, that Avould undoubtedly be a fatisfa6tory reafon for the meafure. Befides, on a re-hearing in Chancery, *nonew evidence can be introduced; and the petition for a rehearing muft-ftate the reafons at large. 2. Prac. Ch. 450. bid. io. But this application is in the nature of a Bill of review, and muft, confequently, fRate new evidence. Ibid. 40.
452. 3 Black. Com. 451. _&k-.k8S- 3 P Wm. 3771 7 2. Nor is thi new evidence,.which is affigned as another caufe for a re-hearing, admiffible : It refpe&s another veflel ; and the pa-
pers found on board the fhip herfelf muf 'e the ground of ac. quittal, or condemnation.

Br -r.Ha CouRT :-As the original decree has not been carried into execution we think it proper, under the peculiar circumftances of the prefent cafe, to allow a .re-hearing. ' But this is not to be drawn-into precedent ; nor is any point previofily determined, to be brought again into litigation, unlefs the Rtate 6f the fa6ts efpefing it fhall be alteredby the new evidence.

The caufes were, accordingly, argued for feveral -fuccefilve days; and on the 24 th of 79ngary 1782, the following revifionary decree (altering the fufpended decree only as to a part of the cargo) was delivered by WILLIAM PACA, and CyRus GiuFEnl, the prefiding Commiffioners.
Br TH. COURT. We have confidered the new evidence
which

"'EDExAL COURT oF APPEALS.

21

w*hich has been laid before us, and we have alfo confidered the 1781. obfervations and arguments, which the Counfel upon both fides % have made upon it.
On the firft argument we were of opinion, that the ihip ought to be confidered in the predicament of neutral property, and entided to all the rights and privileges of neutrality, which the afcertained and, conferred ; we took up this idea from a Ordinance conftruion of of Congrefs the articles of capitulation and
the Brit ih proclamation, which iffued imiediately on the rup
ture between GreatBritain and the States General, and which prote&ed the' hip Refdolution for a limited time from Briti/h from Dominica to A1mjlerdam : We coneeived, that the neutrality caprure on of her. the paffage. States General, with regard to the fhip, abftra6edly coiiidered, was not broken by the rupture; controuled the extent of the war, by its exemption of the the Ihip proclamation from being having a fubje& of hoftility and capture.
Strh was our opinion on the firft argument : But on confideridw of the laft argument, we are of a different opinion.
The writers upoti the law of nations, fpeaking of the different Einds of war, diftinguifh them into perfe&t and imperfe& : A V'eeft war is that which deftroys the national peace and tranquillity, and lays the foundation-of every poffible a&t of hoftility : is that which does not entirely deftroy the p~ublic tranquillity, The but imperfe&t interrupts war it only in fome paiticulars, as in the cafe of reprifals.
Before CreatBritaincommenced war with the States General, the States were a neutral nation with regard to the war betwegn GreatBritain, France,Spain and America: They had taken no part in the war, and were a common friend to all. This is peo cifely the lel "dca-of a neutral nation : It implies two iiations at war, and a third in friendfhip with both. The war which Gro;a Britaincommenced with the States General was a perfe&t the national peace of the States General,and with it the neutrality waw of It the deftroyed nation. The States became a party in the general war againft Britain: They were no longer a common friend to the belligerent powers; and therefore they ceafed to be a neutral nation.'
War having thus deftroyed the neutrality of the States General, they can never refume the charaEter of a neutral until they are in circumftances to refume the charaCter of a common friend to Great Britain, France, Spain and America: But this chara&er is not to be acquired while war fubfifts between them and GreatBritain. Only a peace, therefore, betweeiBritainand the States, can put the States in a capacity to refume their original character of neutrality. But there can be no peace without the conxurrence of both nations: The Briti/h could not therefore, by
the

C,&sm rut-d and decreed in thc

178 %ay..

r. the mere authority of their proclamation.reff ore back to the Ship Reflution her original nentrality. The Proclamation could only operate as a proteffion of the Ship from Rriti7 capture. We, thcrefore, lay out of queition the ordinance of Longref* with'regard to the rights of neutrality; thia cafle is not within it. ]But the Ship Refolutioq is captured and both Ship and Cargo are libelled as prize. A queftion is made; on whom lies the orn r probandi? We think on the captors. There can be no condemnation without proof that the Ship or Cargo is prize; and it cannot be expe61ed, that the perfons who "conteft the capture will proEdvuerrey tchaapttpurroeoifs. at the peril of the party. A privateer is not authotized to capturn -every veffel found on the high lea : She iscommiflioned to capture only fuch fliips as are the property of the enemy. Every fhip indeed may, in time of w~r, be brought to -nd examined; but fhe is not to be feized and captured, without the captors have juff. grounds to think the is the property of an enemy, and not the property of fubjefts of a nation in peace and friendfhip, or neutrality. If fuch feizure and capture aremade without juft grounds, the partyiured is entitled to hiave an a&ion for damages: And it is re pblcy of all nations at war to oblige the captains of privateers to give bond and fecurity. to enforce a proper condut while at fea, and to prevent feizures and captures from being wantonly made. - The fea is open to all nations: No nation has an exclufive property in the fea. Put the cafe then, that a privateer meets a 1hip at fea; is it to be inferred, from-the mere circumfance of thi
Aip's being found on the high fea, that fe is the property of an enemy? Surely there isno ground'for fuch an inference': On this ground a privateer might feize and capture the fhips of its own nation. But the privateer attacks,feizes, captures and brings the fhip into port : It is plain here is an a& of violence; a feizure and capture.. The captain therefore muff do tw& things : At all events heamuft fhewjuft grounds for the violence. or he will be .punifbable at Iaw by an a&ion of damages : and in th next place, before he can obtain condemnation, he muff prove the fhip to be the property ot an enemy ' for, it can never be enough for condemnation, that he found the fhip ar. feat
The captors fay: "That in the prefeant cafe hey-had not only ,"c juft grounds for feisture; but they have alfo juft grounds for cc condemnation: For both ifhe fhip and cargo were found i6 c the poffeflion of.Briiy fubje&s, and thirefare Brijb pro' " perty."

Itxuff be .admitted that polirfllon is prefumptiye evidence of property; becaufe olOflion is a cipcumflance whiih geneTally accompanies property i and, ,therefoe the fei'zufe and .apture, in ihe prefent caie, was a violence at all events juftili6ed

by

FADERAL COURt or APPEALS,

23

the law of nations, and for which no aaion would lie, even on acquittal of the Ship and Cargo. But the poffeffion in this cafe
is io ground for condemnation : For what is the nature of prefumptive evidence ? It only has the force ot evidence whilit it remains uncontefted. The poffeffion is clearly accounted for ; The fhip came into the hands of the enemy by capture; and the prior poffeffion was in the hands of .Datchfubjets, and not Eriryi fubje~ts. The prefumption therefore relied on by the cap-
tors is defeated, and the argument founded on the. poeffion is
in favor of the claimants. , On the queftion of Prize or no Prize, what evidence does the lhw of nations admit for the deterrniaaticn of it ?
The national interet of every commertial country requires, that foine mode or criterion be adopted to afcertaiii the fhip,
cargo, deftination, property and nation to which fuch fhip be-
longs; not only as a fecurity for a fair commerce according to law,; but as a guard againff fraud and impofition in the payment and collection of duties, impoils and eommercial revenues. The peace alib and tranquillity of nations equally require, that the like criterion thould h& adopted, to diftinguifh the fhips' of different
countries found on the high leas in time of war; to prevent an indifcriminate exercife of ats of hoftility, which may lay the
foundation of general and univerfal war. Hence it is, that every commercial country has direted, by its laws, that its fhips Ihall be furnifhed with a let of papers called Ship Papers : And
this criterion the law of natiobs adopts, in time of war, to diftinguifl the property of different powers, when found at fea ; not indeed as" conclufive, but prefumptive evidence only. Bills of lading, letters of correfpondence, and all other papers one board,
which relate-to the fhip or cargo, are Plfo confidered as pihind face evidence of the fa&s they fpeak ; becaxfe fuch papers na-
turally accompany fuch a mercantile tranfa&ion.
Such then is the evidence m,,hich the law of nations admits oa a queftion of prize or no prize; and it is on this evidehce that
Yeffels with their cargoes are generally acquitted or condemned: And therefore, if in this cafe the papers on board affirm the fhip
and cargo to be fuch. property as is not prize, there muff be an acqtdittal, unlefs the captors are able, by a contrariety of evidence, to defeat the pretlimption which arifes from the papers, and'caa thew juff gr6unds for condemnation. On the other hand, if the
papers affirm the fhip and cargo to be the property of an enemy,
there muff be a condemnation, unlefs they who contefl the captuie can produce clear and unqueftionable evidence to prove the
contrary. The papers on board, the manifeft, cleara~ice, bills of lading,
the depofitions annexed, the certificates of the Chief Jultice of
.Demitcaj the French Governor's paifport, -andthe letters of correfpundunce

1731.

CAss ruled and decreed in the

178r. %

refpondence from the hippers, colle&ively taken, prove the
Ship to be the property of Brantlight & Son, fubjeas of 11m States General, at the port of dmferdam, and the cargo to be the property gf Briti# capitulants refiding or owning eftates in the Ifland of Dominica, and entitled to the rights of commerce ac-
cording to the capitulation on the conqueft of that'Ifland; except with regard to fuch parts of the cargo as were fhipt by Morfon, & Co. Morfon, Pancey & Co. and Lovel, Morfon, & Co.
It lies then on the captors to obviate the force of this evi.
dence : It muff be obviated, or an acquittal muff be decreed, to the full extent of the evidence.
The papers have been taken up by the Counfel for the captom
4nd feparately and diffinlly confidered, and it is faid they.do not prove the fats to which they are adduced. It is true, feparately~confidered, they do not; but colle&ively taken, we think they do, except in the inftances we have mentioned.
Many obje&ions have been made to obviate the force of this prefumptive evidence: The objections go to the competency of
many of the papers, and to the credibility 6f all. cc The certi" ficates of the Chief Juftice, it is faid, ought not to be admit-
c ted as legal and competent evidence; for the Chief Juftice is " a Brityih Judge of the Ifland of Dominica, and an enemy." '
We do not think the Chief Juffice of that Ifland, reduced as it is by conqueft, can with propriety be,called a Briti/h Judge ana an enemy. But whether he derives his commiffion origi-
nally from the Crown, and fll holds it under the articles of capitulation, and fo far is a BrMAf/ Judge, or not, he muff certainly .be fubje& to, removal by the French government; and it highly
,derogates from the honor and dignty of the French Crown, and too deeply affe&s the zeal and loyalty of Governor Duchilot, to admit the fuppofition, that a man is fuffered to fill fo important an office, who publicly proftitutes his official hara&er from a partiality to the Britijh nation.
The Chief Juftice gave his cerlificates officially and under the
obligation of an oath: We muff want charity indeed, if, under thefe circumftances, we were to fay, that they have not even the
force of prefumptive evidence. But the competency of this evidence, fo far as it is adduxced to
prove the owners or hippers of the cargo British capitulants, is obje&ed to, on another ground. It is faid; "thefe certificates " are not the beft evidence the nature of. the cafe will admit, " and which the party has in his power to produce : An atteft-
cc ed copy of the afticles of capitulation, and the names fubfcrist bed, ought to have been produced."
This principle of evidence applies forcibly againft the captdrs, but does not affe& the claimants. The articles of capitulation bind GreatBritain, Franceand Zmerica. It is a folemn com-
pa&

FEDIBAL COURT oW APMAI-4.

q

Pao treaty. All the parties to .it, the citizens of each nation, -are morally bound by it And it is notonly admitted, but con- the counfel for the captors, that even neutral nations are.under a tended moral oligation for, by to regard it; and that it is upon this principle the law ofnations takes cognizance of and deter-. mines upon it.
The.papers on board fhew .a fair commerce, and affirm the .cargo to be the property of capitulants, except in the inftances 4mentioned. If they are not capitulants, and yet Brityj/ fubje&s,, they have violated the capitulation, engaged in a fraudulent an& illicit commerce, and are chargeable with a breach Qf moral ftand upbn two grounds of prefumption: flirft, obligation. the prefumption The claimants -which arifes from the pae pers ; and then the prefumption that no man would do that which he is morally bound not to do. The claimants cannot be affe&ed while thefe prefumptions remain .uncontefcd. How'are they to be contefted ? By what evidence'? Certainly the beft evidence that the nature of the cafe will admit, and.which" the-captors have in their power to produce. And if an atteft- and of the names fubfcribed is.the beft evidence to prove ed copy who of are the capitulants, articles, it is the beft to prove who are not capitulants ; and, therefore, the captors ought, on -their own principles, to prcduce it ; they having it as much in. their power to produce fuch copy as the claimants.
But it is faid, " the, hip's papers are defeeive ; .the regifter. is not produced ; it is witheld, and gives a ground of fur, picion."We have no doubt, a regiffer was on board at the time ofte capture : But we do notithink there is any ground for fufpicon under the circumftances of the cafe.' The Refoliton was captured by a Brit/h-privateer. The Bvit0 captain took poffeffion of the ihip's papers, and captain Wa- ofthe Refolution, Was made pifoner. Afterwards the Refolutin terburgh, was the captured captain by the 4merican privateer, and the 4mterican captain took poffellon of fuch papers,.as tbie Brityth captain had fuffered to remain on.board the ,Ro/lution. Captain Wlaterburghwas not brought into port with -his1hip. It was the intereft of both the. Britih and A4merkan captains to withhold the regifter, if it proved he fhip to be thepro- ofthe Stater General;and neither the Briti/bcaptain, nor the American percy captain offubjecs have made 'oath, that the" papers produced to the Court are all the papers, which were found. on board, and cam- refpeaively to'their hands and pofTfelion. But it is faid, " no credit or.faith is to.Be given to thofe pa"pars, bcaufe replete, with contradilion andabfurdity. 'Mc
.. Danife

L78r-

CASES ruled and decreed in the

1781.

" Manifeft, it is Laid, -contradiCls the Bills of Lading z " The Manifeft purports the property of the cargo to be in the cc perfons named therein as the fhippers, and the Bills of La. c ding fhew, in many inftances, that the property is in others."

The Manifeft exhibits a column under the defcription of Uhippers ; and it alfo exhibits a column under the defcription of marks, and other columns for the cargo,

The Bills of Lading correfpond with the columu of marks; and the perfons defcribed as fhipp rs in the Manifeft, are afcertained by the Bills of Lading to be perfons, who agted principally as attorneys, managers, or agents, for thofe who are mentioned in the Bills to own the property for which the Bills are taken ; the property in the Bills being 'in the general produce of fuch ownets" eftates in Dominica. There is therefore no contradiftion between the Manifeft and -Billsof Lading; for, the term fhippers does not imply the property to be in fuch fhippers ; the term as properly applies to a fa~tor, oi attorney, or agent, as to the
owner.

" But, it is faid, Governor Duchiot was impdfed upon; that
he refers inhis Paflport and Certificate, which is endorfed on the Manifeft, to the i 7 th aTticle of the capitulation; that the - 7 th article- ipeaks of fuch merchants as havc goods or mer" chandize ; and that therefore the Governor muft have been in:"formed that the fhippere were the owners of the cargo."

It is tue the 17th article fays, the merchants may fell their merchandize, and carry on their trade; and the term their implies the property to be in them: But the term their may alfo apply to the property which a fadtor, agent or attorney has the pofeffion;-management and fhipment of, for others ; for, although they have not the general, yet they hVe the fpecial, prb
perty. " But, it is faid, 'the Ihippers -dared not ,o-avowthe narhes of
the perfons mentioned in the Bills of Lading,,from a confcioutnefs that they were not capitulants, and that the Governor would have refufed them a Licenfe, Paffport andCertificate."

If the Uhippers felt fuch a confcioufnefs, why avow the names of fuch in the Bills of Lading ? It was not only necelFary to take meafufres to prevent difcovery on the Ifland, but alfo to guard
,againff detention on a capture at fea. Why was-the Governor's Paffport and Certificate obtained ? Was it not to proteCt the thip.and cargo from capture ? But if the Manifeft, Paffport and Certificate had no reftence to the Bills of Lading, but were contradi~qory and inconfiftent, and ihe perfons avowed by the
Bills of Ladingtq be.the owners of the. property werenot capitulants, is it not a novelty in the game of fraud, to furnifh a. thip-with fuch papers av proclaimed a contridiCdon to the Ma-
nifeft

FEDERAL CouRT or APPEALS.

xiifeft, Pafiport and Certificate, announced the criminality of

the commerce, and expofed both fhip and cargo to capture and

confifcation ?

Prudence required, and very probably it was enjoined by the

Governmentthat before a fhipflhouldbefuffered to clear out, and

proceed on her voyage, proofs fhould be made and taken with

her, not only that the fhippers of the cargo were capitulants, but

alfo, that the owners of the cargo were capitulants. It appears

in this cafe, thatabove three fourths of this cargo,were Thipped by

agents, and attornies and fa&ors. The Governor certifies the

fhippers to be capitulants. The chief Juftice certiies the own-

ers to be capitulants, and where his certificates are deficient, the

depofitions prove it. All this may be done, in conformity to the

law, ufage and pra&ice of the Ifland.

But another contradi&ion is obje&ed : It is faid, " the Bills

of Lading contradi& the other Papers, which import the pro-

perty of the Thaip to be in Brantlight & Son; for the Bills con-

fignthe cargo to B'rantlight & Sn ; and therefore it is contend-

ed, the property of the fhip could not fie in Brantlight & Son ;

becaufe it is obferved to dire& a man-t pay freight to himfelf."

The Bills of Lading are not chargeable with any fuch ab-

furdity. The freight is not dire&ed to be paid to Brantlight "

Son ; the freight is to be paid to the captain ; he is refponfible

for the wages of his. crew, and other debts, contra&ed on ac-

count of the fhip. Freight is.anfwerable for all fuch claims, and

the captain is entitled to receive it, to indemnify himfelf: He

may, therefore, refufe to deliver the cargo, till the freight is

paid. And by this means, in cafe of the bankruptcy of his owners,

he is lure ofan indemnification, to the extent of the freight.

But Rill another contradiffion is obje&ed : It is faid, " that

both thr Bills of Lading, and the oath of A'rfon, on the back of

the Manifeft, contradi& the aTertion of the other papers, that

the hip is the property of Brantight &" Son : for, they prove

the confignmeit of fhip to Brantlight f Son ; and there-

fore, it is contended, the property could not be in them, becaufe

it is abfurd to configa a ihip to the owners." We do not

fee any fuch abfurdity. Confignment is-a mercantile phrafe,

adopted to diftinguifl the perfon, to whofe care a fhip

is addreffed, and, when applied to the owiners, it is mere-

ly in conformity to forms. It is the common ufage and pra&ice

of merchants to apply. the phrafe, indifcriminately, to owners,

and others.

" But, it is faid, the papers found on board the Reloution, do

not fufficintly prove the fhip to be the property of Brantlight

& So&,when fhe arrived at St. Etfmatiux, from" .Injlerdan,

early in 1.78o." It is proved, by the oath of .'forfon, and captain

W1Yaterburghj endorfed on the back of theManifeft, that this pro-

)z

perty

17FT.

CAsii ruletd aritt decreed in the

T73T.
V

perty. was fubfifting, if not at the time of the depofition, yety at leaft, on the arrival of the fhip it Ddminica, OE3o6br, 1780. And Morfon, & Company's letter, to Brantlight & Son, dated 6th March 78 i, after the rupture with Holland,and fhrtly before the fhip left Dominica, and which was found on boards proves the property to be then fubfifting : for, in the clofe of tihe letter, they fay, "4captain W.arerburgh has drawn on you, in our favour, for diiburfernent, ,C 191 15!;" which difburfemebt -plainly refers to difburfements of thehip, which Brantfighn b' Son could not be chargeable wvith, if they had parted with the property, and were no longer owners.
No evidence at all is produced to~fhew a change of proper- ty! or transter of the ihip. And, therefore,. the fa& being an4mitted, that The was thie property of Brantlight & Son, on her arrival at St. Eqtiatia, in 178o, and the property being proved to be fublftiing in Ofober, 1780, and proved, to be fubfifting in March, 1781, a few days before the failed from Doninicaj we cannot doubt, but that the property was fubfitling, at the timhe of her capture. She wa. then no prize to the Britijh privateer; becaufe protetted by the ;ritzsh Proclamation : Sbh. was no prize to the American privateer- becaufe fhe was the property of the fubje&s. of the*States General, a nation iipeace and friendfhip with A4merica.
" But the papers, it is faid,. prove the cargo to be the property of perfons, not capitulants : For Morfon & Company, iii their letter of the 6th Z"arcb, 1781, fpeak of Kender MAIafon, as a fhipper, who is not a capitulant."
What does this letterfay ? 'It is addrefTed to Brantlight S0n, and informs them, t ate rupture with Holland, occafi. oned all fhipments to ffop ; that afterwards, the British Proclamation, prote~ting the Holland veffels from capture, for a li. mited time, on their, paffage back from Dominica, came to hendl that even then, no one but Kender Mafon and themfelves would fhip ; that, afterwards, thipment went generally on..
T%;q letter proves clearly, that the cargo was Thipped by many different perfons. Not only Kender Majon fhipped, but Morfom U, Company alfo fhipped, and there were other flippers, who were alarmed, notwithlanding the -BritishProclamation, and 'would not immediately thip, thoughi afterwards they proceeded
to thip.
To what extent did Kender Mafon fliip ? Morfon & Co's.letter, which is the only evidence that he fhipt at all, goes 11o further than to prove, that he thipt a part of the cargo. How fhall this part -beafertained ?
The thip, it is admitted, by counfel on both fides, was configned to Morfon & Co. and .4lexandrr Henderfon; and it appears from the.papers on board, that upwards of two thirds of
the

FEDEKAL ConuT oF APPEALS.
the cargo were fhipt by Henderfon, as agent and attorney for the x78 . Britj capitulants; the refidue of the cargo was fhipt, partly by ames-Morfon, agent and attorney for Britj/icapitulants, partly by Morfon & Co. and partly by others, in their own right, as agents and attornies for others.
The letter of correfpondence, which Henderfon addreffed to .BrantlightL? Son, to whom the fhip and cargo were configned, and his letters of correfpondence, addreffed to the gentleman at London, for whom he was agent and attorney; the bill of lading he took for the property fhipt, and his depofition annexed to the Laid bill, give a fair hiftory of fuch part of the cargo, as was fhipt by him: They prove it to be the property of Brit/h
capitulants, and not the property of Kender Mkafon. The depofitions of James Morfon, the bills of lading, and the
certificates of the Chief Juftice, point out and afcertain, what part of the cargo he fhipt as agent and attorney, and prove it to be the property of Britijh capitulants, and not the property of Kender Aafon.
The depofitions, bills bf lading, manifeft, letters of correfpondence, the Governor's paffport and certificate, and the depofition of Morfon and Fitzgerald prove that the refidue of tlW cargo, except what was fhipt by Morfon, & Co. Morfon, Vance, & Co. and Livel, Morfon & Co. was the property of Brityjh capitulants, and not the propefty of Kender Mafon,
If Mafin, then, had any property on board, that property mufk have been in fuch parts of the cargo as were flipt by MrJon, & Co. Vance, & Co. and Lovel, Morfon, &Co. With regard
to this part of the cargo,, the evidence is not fwll and compleat: For, altho' Morfon is proved to be a capitulant, yet the company is neither afcertained, nor proved to confift of capitulants.
But it is contended, that the property fhipt by Henrfon was the property of Kender Mafion.
On what ground ii the idea taken up, that Mafion had any property at all on board ? It is founded folely on that part of Morfin & Co.'s letter, which mentions Kender .Mafon as a Iipper. Exclufively of this letter, there is nothing, befides mereconjecture and poffibility, to prove that he had any property at all on board.
This much mmulelabnet. clear; that if Renderon was meant, then Mfon was not
AMorfon & Co. fay in their letter, "that even after the arrival c' of the JBrityjh proclamation, no one but Kender Mafov, and I ourfelves, would immediately,fhip." If Henderfon was not mineant for Kender Mafon, then Hendetyin was amongft thofe who
efre Rill alarmed, ,and would not immediately fbip, on the ar-
Tiva! of'the Bhtit proclamation; and, confequently, Kender Maftn Gouldhvhe no property in what war. fhipt by .lenderfon:
for

30

CAsEs ruled and decreeir in the

1791. for it is abfurd to fay, that Kender Mafon proceeded 'to fhip% '.v'~.'and Ienderfon did not, if what Henderfon fhipt was the proper-
ty of Kender Ma/an. But, it is obje&ed, "that altho' Kender Ma/on is mentioned.
in the letter, as a flhipper,, yet it is to be underftood, that he is there dtfcribed as principal to Renderfon, and- therefore, what was fhipt by -enderfon, may with propriety be faid to have been.
fhlipped by Kender Ma/aon."
What evidence. is there of fuch a conne&ion between- Maonand Henderfon? Mafon's letters of correfpondence are all addreffed to Morfon, and the fpi is configned to, Marfon and Hen. deifon, as perfons in feparate and diftin&, interefts. The idea too, of fuch a conne&ion, is contradi&ed by the whole tenor
of tfe papers found on board. I If Henderfor was the agent or attorney for Kender Ma/on; if he was the perfon, with whom Mafon, was fo extenfively interefted, in his commercial conne&ions, then the idea of his conne&ion with Moron & Co. Morfon, J'ance, & Co. and Lovel .Mron,.& Co. ought to be abandoned :- for, it .insot to bebelieved, that Zi'fa/on fliould engage- in three partnerfhips, and yet employ an agent or attorney, who fhips forty times the quantity
of produce Ihipt by'all the three partnerfhips, But it-is contended, - that both fhip and, cargo. are the pro-
perty of Morfon and .aon, in confequence of a plan concerted at London, between- Kender Mafon and,. Heuyfen, agent foi 'Brantlight& &n, while the Ship Re/oution lay at Eulatius."
We have no doubt- the voyage of 'the Re/ofution was planned, at London, by-'Kender Matin and Hy/hu~yfen.; but the plan muff-
have been very different from the one fuggefted. One of two propofitions muff be true ; either Morfon and
MaYon did not purchafe the 1hip, and ship the cargo, in confequence of the plan fugg fted, or Mor/n has fworn falfely, and
committed a pejury. Morfin, the 7 th Mar, 1781, near twelve months after the
Rtefolutiods, voyage was, concerted at London, fwears that the -Ship Refolution, belonging to the port of Rotffeau, and owned by .BrantightE' Son, arrived at Dominica, OR. 1780; for the purpofe of taking on board a cargo of figar and coffee, the pro.
perty of capitulants. This oath flatly contradi&s the affertion, that the Ship was
purchafed; 'iatlfo dire&ly contradics the affertion, that the plan was to fhip-.a cargo, the property of Kender _Mafon ;,for Kender JiIafon ip not a capitulant.
Morfon's knowledge was competent to the fa&s.he fwore: He precifely knew what the plan wasthat was really concerted 'at London; for, it is' ftrenuoufly coqltended by the counfel for the raptors, that Kender Mffa/on, in his letter-to ,oj; &Hefl-
zvfn

FEDdRAL COURT. Op APPEALS

Wten, enclofed to Waterburgh,contained a full communication of it.
cc But the papers, it is faid, found on board the u.Rflin, throw
cc great light upon the fubje& they pluck off the mafk, and " exhibit Mafon in his proper colours ; they prove, that an illicit
c commerce has taken place, and that the articles of capitulation cc have been repeatedly violated."
Admit, for argument fake, the fa&; that the Eustin was engaged in an illicit commerce, how can the condu& of the Bustia
affe& the Refolution ? But what is this illicit commerce, which is charged to have
taken place ? Let it be afcertained, and we fhall find, it cannot
poffibly apply to the Reolution. c Brit/h goods, it is faid, have been fipt from London, to
cc Dominica, thro' the intervention of neutral ports." Can this fpecies of illicit commerce apply to the Refolution ? It is impoffible; for fhe was never engaged in this Dominica trade, till after her arrival at Eustatia, early in 1780 ; and from thence fhe
failed to Dominica, where fie lay, till the rupture between Great Britain and Holland took place'; nor were Brantlight and Son ever engaged in fuch a commerce- for _1Moifon and Co's. letter, f the 6th March 781, after the rupture, fpeaks of this houfe, as a new houfe, with which the people of Doehinica were unacquainted ; and mentions the difficulties he had, from that circumitance, to procure confignme~nts.
" But the papers, it is faid, of the Eiiin prove that the c produce of Dominica has-been exported t6London, through cc the intervention of neutral ports."
Was the Refolution ever engaged in this fpecies of illicit com-
merce ? The peculiar circumftances of her cafe Ifew, that fhe never was. The rupture with Hollandtook place while fhe lay at Dominica ; it ftopped all 1hipments. On the arrival of the Britifh proclamation, prote&ing Hollandveffels, for a limited time, on their paffage back, thipments went on; but the protection, which the proclamation gave, ceafed on the arrival of
Hollandveffels back to their ports in Holland. What ground then is there to think, that the Refoluticn, .with
her cargo, were deftined, after her arrival at AmJlerdam, to proceed to London, where both thip and cargo, would have been liable,after herdeparture from AImjlerdam, not bnly to B -itij/hcapture; but, as contended by the counfel for the captors, liable alfo to Dutch capture, war prohibiting all commerce between the belli-
gerent powers'; and not only liable to Britishand Dutch capture ; but, as the law of nations has been ftated by the counfel of the captors, liable alfo to French, Spanj/h and American capture ?
cc But the papers, it is faid of the Eujlin, prove that Mlor4 [On and Aifo; who planned the voyage of the Refolution,
cc alfo

1781.

CAsns rTued and decreed in -the

t 78. .kalfpolanned the voyage of the Euftin;and therefore, if the Eu.ffin was engaged in an illicit commerce, the prefumption
c is, that the Refolution was alfo employed in fuch commerce." We have already obferved, that the Refoution could not pof-
fibly be engaged in the illicit contmerce, with which the Eustin is charged; but if Morfon and Mafon planned both voyages, Zkforfon knew the plan on which the Refolution was chartered, and be has proved it, on oath, to be a fair one, and in perfe&

conformity to th, articles of capitulation. " But Mafon, in his letter'from Offend, Augillt 1781, found
" on board thp E tffin, writes to Morefon, that he has nearly c accomplifhed the plan, which he informed him of in his letter

" dated Oqober 1780, from Rotterdam, and it is contended,

" that this letter proves, that a plan is eftablifhed atOftema to

c centre there the whole Dominica trade, and to furnifh Briti

" goods for Dominica, through that channel." Admit the fa&s

to be fo; how does it affe& the Refdolution and her cargo-? The

rupture with Holland had taken place, and the Refdlution was

captured, and brought into port, feveral months before the plan

was accomplifhed at Offend and, confequently, whatever illicit

pra&ice that plan points at, cannot apply to the Refloution.

But it is faid, that the plan eftablifhed at-O.jend, was the plan,

which was concerted at London, and eftablifhed'at Almfterdam,

and Rotterdam, and Ihifted from thofe cities to Oflend, on ac.

count of the rupture with Holland. If the plan, now eftablifh.

ed at ,fend, is nothing more than the plan adopted at London,

'With regard to the Rfolution, then it is a fair one; 'for .Morjon

has told us, -what the plan was, and he has declared it on oatli.

But we are of opinion, that the fyftem, now eftablflihed at 0flend,

is nothing'more than the plan adopted at Londoh, with regard to

the Refolution : Then it is a fair one; for Mvlorfon has told us,

what the plan was, and he has declared it on oath. "But.we

are of opinion, that the fyftem now eftablifed at Oflend is a

new one, and that it is not a former plan, flhifted from Hollandto

O1ffend, on account of the rupture. It originated indeed before

the rupture, and might have taken place in Holland, had itbeen

completed before that event. -It is of fuch a nature as require,

_44orfon to take his refidence at Ofend. It occafioned a change,

in his commercial conne&ion at London, and a diffolution of the

partnerfhip, in which he was there engaged. The cargoes fhipped

from Dominica,tho' configned to Liber, Baas, Derd &Co. were

neverthelefs to be difpofed of, under his fuperintendancy. It

was upon this plan, whatever it was, that the Euffin failed; fhe

may be affeled by it, but the Refolution never can.. We have

faid, the whole cargo of the .Refolution is difproved to be the.

property of Mafon; except fuch parts of it as were ihipt b

Mgrfoi. & Co. and therefore if Mafon had any property at ql

on board, it mixit be in fuch part of the cargo.

We

FEDrAL CotRT op APrEALS.

We feel the force of the reafoning which has been e'mployed to ihew, that the name of Kender Mlafon was inferted by mifake; but, as Hafon, who appears to us to be a partner in three partnerfhips, and to have been the a&ive perfon in ihipping this part of the cargo, has acknowledged, for himfelf and company, that Kender .IIafon was a fhipper, and the evidence, upon a careful review of it, leaves an opening to apply that acknowledgment to a concern in the three partnerfhips, we are led to change the opinion we had entertained on the firft argument, with regard to this point, and now think, that this part of the cargo muft be condemned as prize; and, not bnly Mafon's. ,proportion of it, but lfo the whole intereft of the three partnerthips: For, the fhippirig of produc by .Mafon, who is not a capitulant, is a violation of the capitulation ; and as the three partnerthips were confenting to it, and negleied their intereft with Mafon, they are participex criminis, and muff equally fuffer. So far we have thought proper to animadvert on the new evidence, and the argument and obfervations of the counfel upoh it. And, altho' on. a decree of acquittal, almoft the whole cargo will go into the hands of thofe who are not the friepds of America, notwithfianding they have ftipulattd a neutrality during the -war;yet, as they are entitled to it, by the articles of capitulation which bind America, the law of nations operating on thofe articles as a folemn compa&t, commands that fuch a decree muff be given. We hope we feel jufL impreffions of the wrongs and cruelties of GreatBritain; but public faith muft be maintained; the honor and dignity of the United States preferved, and the law of nations difpaffionately and righteoufly adminiftered.
We therefore adjudge and decree, that the order of this court, futpending the original decree, be difcharged, and the faid.original decree, be affirmed in all its parts, except with regard to fuch parts of the cargo, as were fhipt by Morfon & Co. Morf n, Vance, & Co. and Love/I, Moroon & Co. which parts of the carg6 we do adjudge and decree to be condemned, for the
ufe of the captors, chargeable, neverthelefs, with the flipulated
freight.

1781 .

azuary

---

I

--.

I

I

__,- qJ

P

FEDERAL COURT of APPEALs.

Augufl Seflion 1781.

MILLER et. al. Libellants
and Appellants, verfu s

The Ship REsOLU'rloI, and IxGERSOLL, Claimant and Appellee.

MILLER et. al. Libellants 7 The Cargo of the Ship REso-

and Appel.ants, verfus

LUTION,
ant

and O'BRIEN

Claim-

and Appellant.

T HESE were Appeals from the Admiralty Court of Prnn-
]j'ivania, where the Ship had been acquitted and the Cargo condemned.

After argument by Wilcox, Lewis and Sergeant, for the Appellants, and A'forris and Wiifon for the Appellees, the opinion and judgment of the Court (comprifing a flatement of all the

fa&s and documents material to the cafe) were delivered by CYRus GRnirN,,the prefiding Commiffioner, in the following

terms :

BY THL COURT :-We have confidered thefe Appeals, ana

are now ready to give our judgment. It has been very truly obferved, that this Appeal is a cafe of
importance, *notonly with regard to the fubje& in conteft, but alfo with regard to the great Queftions of Law,, which the in-

vefligation and difcuffion of the merits neceffarily introduced 2 and being before this Court for their determination the Judgment and Decree of this Court muff be direed by the Refolves and Ordinances of Congrefs, and, where they are

filent, by the Laws, Ufage and Pradice of Nations.

Upon thefe grounds, the cafe hqs been confidered and argued by the counfel on both fides; and confidered fo thoroughly and argued fo copioufly, fully and ablk, that we have now every pof-

Able light of which the fubjec& admits.

A

.T

CAsEs ruled and decreed in the

178r. -

The General Qefti'on is,"Whether on all the circuRnflances
"of this cafe, the Ship or Cargo, or both, .or any part of the " Cargo, be a'prize; and as fuch ought to be condemned and " confifcated ?"--The Libellants. contend that both Ship and Cargo are prize-if not the Ship, yet the Cargo is prize; if not .the vhole of the Cargo, yet the principal part of it muft be
condemned.
Different grounds have been taken' to fupport thefe feveral pofitio-ds-One ground is taken to affe&l both Ship and Cargo ; other and different grounds to affea the Cargo ;,other and different grounds to affe& the principal part of it. .-The argument direfted againft both Ship and Cargo is this: By the Law of Nations, after a capture and occupation fobi twenty-four hours, the Property captured is transferred to the
Captors : But the Ship and Cargo in queftion were captured and occupied twenty-four hours-therefore the property was transferred to the Captors-and as.the Captors were Britifh fub; jea1s, the property was Britifh property, and therefore legally
attackcd and capt'ured by the American Privateer Ari. There is no 'doubt, but that a capture authorized by the'
Rights of War transfers the property to the Captor ; but the :Ojeftion is, whethJer a Capture not authorized by the fights of

'war can have that legal operation: for, the Claimant fays, "that "the Ship was not originally Britij/h but Dutch and Neutral pro" perty, and that the Cargo alfo was not originally Brityjh but "9Neutral Property, inconfequence of Articles of Capitulation, "cftlipulated on the conqueft of Dominica, by the arms of his
,,"moft ChrYianMqj " All' the authorities cited on cafes of Cfipture authorized by the
rights of-war, are where the property captured was the property of
an enemy : not*an inftance has been produced where a capture, not authorized by the rights of war, has been held to change the properpy; but many authorities have been brought to fhew, that
no change is effe&ed by fuch capiure. To fay that a capture which is out of tile fanfion andrrote&ion of.the rights of itar, can neverthelefs derive a validity from the rights of war, is furely i contradition in termns. The rights of war can only take place among enemies, and therefore' a capture can give no right,
unlefs the property captured be the property ofin tnemy. But it is ftated, that both Ship and-Cargo, in the prefent cafe, were originally (that is antecedently to the Briit# capture) -inthe
predicament of neutral property: No property then .'vtarasnsferred by the capture, and of confequence the property in queftion was not upow'the ground it has been confidered-Britib"property. c' But, it is faid, the facd cannot be afcertained, that the " capture in this cafe was not authorized by the rights of war!"forit depends upon the will of the fovereiqn, whether an out-
"9 rage

FEDERAL COURT OP APPEALS.

" rage and capture, fupra altum mare, by his fubjels, of the ^ I787. - property of fubjefts of another nation, fhall be an illegal and " piiatical a&a, or an a& of hoftility: That the fovereign is cc not obliged to promulge his will on the moment he makes ' war, and that as the human will, has no phyfical exiftence, " it cannot be afcertained but by a declaration of it by the fo" vereign himfelf, and therefore noncoijilat, but that the capture 'c in the prefent cafe was authorized by the Brit#ib crown, and " fo a fair a& of hoftility, authorized by the rights of war."
This argument is ingenious and plaufible, but not folid. As the ftate of nature was a ftate of peace, and not-4 ftate of war, the natural flate of nations is i ftate of peace and fociety, and hence it is a maxim of the law of nations, founded on every principle of reafon, juftice and morality, that one nation ought not to do an injury to another. As the natural ftate (that of nations) is a ffate of peace and benevolence, nations are morally bound to preferve it. Peace and friendfhip muft always, be prefumed to fubfift among nations;- and therefoze he who founds a claim upon the Tights of war, muft prove that the peace was broken by fome national hoftility, and war commenced: but mere conje&ure, fupp6fition and poffibility, can.render no competent evidence of the faCt. But it is faid "here was a nacc tional hoftility-viz. The capture by the Britih privateer; " and the a&t of the fubjeet is the a& of the fovereign."
The a&t of the fubje& can never be the a& of the fovereign; unlefs the fubje& has been commiflioned by -the fovereign to do it: Butin this cafe, there is no evidence that the coiuniflion of the Brit/h privateer extended to property, under the circumflances of the property captured.
But it is afked " what private or public mifchief can.be ap" prehended from confidering property under the circhmftances " of this cafe as prize: For, the wrong was committed by the.
Brit#i privateer, and therefore the Brity/1 nation ischargea" ble with.it, and bound to make compenfation"'
W' are,inclined to think, that were the claimants to"apply to the Brit/b crown for compenfation, they would be told "ethat " altho' fatisfaffion were done, yet it would be in proportion "f only to the wrong done by the Briti/ privateer, which confift-
ed only in the feizure and detention. But if compenfation. was expe&ed for flhip and cargo, they muff look to that nation for it, whofe courts declared a condemnation, and whofe fubje&s reaped the fruits of it." But, 'tis 'alledged, that " the late ordinance 6f Congrefs is exprcfs and decided, that after a qapture and occupation for " twenty-four hours the property captured fhall be prize." The ordinance of Congrcfs certainly fpeaks of a legaLcaptureto admit a dlfferent conftrufion-would be a vio]hnce both to the'

A 2

terms.

CAsS ruled and decreed in the

1781. t-ovj

terms and fpirit, or intention, of it. Prize is generally ufed as a technical term to exprefs a legal capture; and Congrefs having adopted iigin framing of the ordinance, the general fenfe or acceptation of it muft determine its import and fignification. But fuppofe the term prize merely imported a capture, without any refererice to its legality, and that it was the fpirit and intentionIof the.ordinance to fubje& to prize all captures, both legal and illegal, after twenty-four hours ; it does not follow that it would affe& the prefent cafe. The municipal laws of a country cannot change the law of nations, fo 'as to bind the fubje&s of another nation; and ty the law of nations a neutral fubje&, whofe property has been illegally captured, may puifue and recover that property in whatever country it is found, unlefs a competent jyrifdidion has adjudged it prize. The municipal laws of a country can only bind its own fubje&s.
The ordinance of Congrefs is in truth a new regulation of the jus p1l liminii, and limits. it to a recapture within twenty-four hours, and therefore can only relate to the fubje&s of the United States: it adopts the ordinance of France, and that ordinance
relates only to the fubje61s of France. In both cafes, with regard to the owner, afubjH, the property captured is not paffed away before the expiration of twenty-four hours. But put the cafe of a capture. and the fale of it before twenty-four hours to a neutral fubje& ; the fale is certainly good ind conclufive upon the owner; for the queftion muft be decided by the law of nations, and by the law of nations, the property captured is transferred to the captor as foon as i is taken.
Both the ordinances therefore of Congrefs and of France,in our opinion, relate only to property captured froni a fubje& and recaptured ; and not to property captured from a neutral and recaptured. It is faid, "that arguments drawn from the law of .c nations with regard to Pirates, do not apply to the prefent
cafe, becaufe pirates have not the rights of war." If the principal fa& was properly attended to, the prefent cafe could not be queftioned. Whence is it that pirates have not the rights of war ? Is it not becaufe they a& without authority and commiflion from their fovereign ? And is it not objerled and proved, that the Britiy privateer, xvith regard to the property captured, a&ed without commiffiofi and authority from the Briti crown ? So far from there being any diffimilarity in the cafes, it is in fa& the very cafe in j-udgment, confidering it on the firft ground of argument. But, itis alledged, "that the capture by the Brti privateer cc muft be confidered as legal: For, after a capture and occupaOction for twenty-four hours, the legality of the capture is not - open for queflion ami examination."
This.

VEDERAL CCUXCnT olt APPEALs.

This doerine muf never be fuffered ; there is no example or precedent for it to be found in"any of our books ; it breaks down and deftroys the diftin6ion between right arfl wrong ; it gives a fan'lion to injutice, robbery and piracy, and it is reprobated by the laws, ufage and practice of nations.- Lord Mansfield, in the cafe fo often quoted, 2 Burr. 693, fays, " The queftion, " whether the property is transferred by the capture, can only
happen between the owner and vendee, and between the
" owner and the recaptor." But the queftion could never happen between the owner and the recaptor, if the legality of the capture was not examinable on every libel for condemnation
as prize. The queffion is-Prize or no Prize ? That is whether the capture be legal or not.
The legality of a capture is open for queftion and examination, till a competent jurifdition has decided the queffion, and a decree paffes for condemnation as prize ; then, and not before, all furthef queftions and examinations are precluded; then, all parties, and all foreigncourts, are eftopped to fay, " thecapture is not legal ;" and if the decree be erroneous or iniquitous, the party in.
jured muft apply for redrefs to that nation, whofe courts have
committed the error or iniquity. ," Great difficulties, it is faid, will arife, if capture and occu-
c pation for 24 hours 1hould not be confider d as conclufive evi"depce of property in the captor, and that the capture was le-
gal." And it is alked "muff a regular title be deduced from
the firft proprietor -to the captor, as in cafe of an ejetment at " the common law ?" And " muff common law Itrianefs, in
making out titles, be adopted in Admiralty courts ?"
Every libel fiates a title to the thini captured ; the title muff mot only be ftated, but it muft alfo be proved. It is ftated in the
libel in this cafe, that the property captured wasBrityih property, and -the evidence to prove it is, " poffefion? and occupation
of it by the Briti/hprivateer:'
A title thus traced is.a good one, in a court of common la*, except in a fingle cafe: it is a good title againif all the world except the right owner. This exception is founded on every prin-
ciple of reafon and juiltice; it ought not only to be adopted in courts of common law, but in every court, where the dillinC~ion betweerif right and wrong is preferved, and juftice regarded. Poffeflio and occupation ought, upon a queftion of property, to have the fame influence in courts of admiralty, as in courts of
common law : it ought to be confidered as a good title, and con-
clufive upon all mankind except the right owner. Such a title is clear of all difficulties in the proof of it ; it excludes the neceffity" of a regular dedution of title from the firft proprietor down to the captor ; it is difengaged from thofe entanglements, which refult from a variety of poflible changes and piutations of the
pro-

1781. %O.-_.j

6

CAsEs ruled aud decreed in the

1781.

property,;, and it cannot be thook, but when every honeft man will fay it ought to be fhook ;-when the right owner appears and proves his property. We have now done with the obfervations and reafoning, that relate to the firft ground of argument : and are of opinion, that if the fhip and cargo were originally neutral property, the capture and occupation for 24 hours did not change it into Britilb property and make it prize.
But another ground has been taken to affe& the cargo : The libellants fay, " that the cargo is the produce and growth of Dominica; that the laid cargo is the property of Britjh fubjects of .that Ifland ; that therefore it was not neutral property, but BriItAb, and originally prize.":

To this the claimants reply, cc that after the declaration of independence, and after the alliance of thefe States with France, the Briti/ fland of Dominicawas taken by the arms of his molt Chriian Majedoy; that before the redufion of it, articles of capitulation took place, by which the owners and pofieffors of cftates in the Ifland were fecured in th poflfflion and enjoyment of them, and indulged with carrying on trade and commerce, -upon an equal footing with fubjetts of France; that the laid Ifland fince the conqueft has been under the prote&ion and government of France; that before the failing of the fhip a paffport was obtained from the French Governor, requiring all commanders of .Prench armed veffels, and all commanders of SpaV,7- and A4merican armed veffels, the allies of France, not to impede or obftru&t the paffage of .faid fhip, the cargo on board be"ing property of capitulants ; that thefaid articles of capitulation bind America as the ally of France; that therefore the cargo, although the property of Briti fubjedts, yet it is Britiy property prote&ed from c2pture, by the articles of capitulation ; and that it is in the predicament of neutral property, and therefore was not originally prize." ·
Upon thefe fas and allegations two -capital queffions arife: i :E Whether the cargo was Brit/h property, proteaed by the articles of capitulation againft French and j3rlint cap-. tures ? 2d Whether Aierica, as the ally of France, is bbund by the 'articles of capitulation? %Vithregard to the firft queftion it is contended, on a variety of grounds, that this cargo is not proteCted from capture by the articles of capitulktion. i f!. Becaufe the capitulation does not extend to property Ihipped and on paffage at fea. 2d. Becaufe the- owners were principall, non-refidents atthe time of capitulation, and, therefore, although owning eftates at Domn.niAca, cannot bq confidered as capiculants.

FEDERAL COURT Or APPEALS.

3 d. Becaufe the proceeds of this cargo were to be remitted from Holland to the owners refidents in Great Britain.
4 th. Becaufe the voyage was in fa& calculated for Great Britain and for Anvierdan in Holland, and therein was a breach of the articles of capitulation, and a forfeiture-of its prote&ion.
5 th. Becaufe thG cargo on board was the property of Bri. t/h fubjecls not refidents, nor owning eftates, in Doininica, and therefpre not within the proteffion of the capitulation.
The firft, fourth, and fifth grounds, apply to the whole cargo, and the fecond and third to the principal part of it.
Whether the articles of capitulation extend proteetion to property after fhipped and on its paffage at fea,-depends on the x3 th article, and the general tendency and fcope of the capitulatioa
itfelf. The main defign of the capitulants was, toobtain a perfe& fe-
curity for their eftates and property ; and a full exercife of all the rights of property and ownerfhip : And one great obie& with the French General was, to fecure to France the commerce of the Ifland, and all its advantages, emoluments and revenues; but it was inconfiftent with the defign and obje&, which both had in view, to open to Friench and Briti capture the piodu~e of the Ifland, and'property of the capitulants, as foon as a-float
at fea. This would have injured the rights of property, difcouraged
the labour and agriculture of the Ifland, leffened its exports, and diminiflied the 'revenues of its government.
But the thirteenth article feems decifive :.it ftipulates ;c that " the _AMerrhants and Inhabitantsof this Iflandy included in the C prefent capitulation, fhall enjoy all theprivileges of trade, an4 " on the fame conditions as are granted to the fubjeels of-his cc molft Chrf/ian AMajey, throughout the .extent of his dbmi-
cc nions."
By this article the capitulants are placed, with .regard to their trade and commerce, on an equal footing with the fubjec&s of France; every commercial privilege which, the fubjets o,-
France cnjoy is conceded to the'capitulants ; but it is certainly one privilege which a fubje& of Franceenjoys, that his property at fea, in the line of a fair trade and commerce, fliall ndt be cqptured as prize by French fubje&s ; confequently the cargo in this cafe, which is the property of capitulants, cannot be fubje&t as prize to Frenchcaptures. Btit is'it aftced, cc was.it not 99 fubjea to Briti/, capture" ? The article, it is faid, ftipulates, that the trade fhall be carried on upon the like condition with the .
Frcnch trade, and the French trade is fubjeCt to interruption by
Brit/ capture. Had the capitulation flipulated generally, that the capitulants
lhould exercife all the rights and privileges, of trade ecrcifed by the

1781.

CAsEs ruled and Jecrced in the

178y.
t

the fubjeds of France, the cafe would have been a clear one ; the capitulation then might have been fairly confidered as a compa& between the French and Briti/b crowns, that a trade fhould have been carried on by the captulants, in the extent of the Frenchtrades, and confequently that neither crown could interrupt it by captures without a breach of faith : The difficulty
arifes upon, the provifion in the article, that the privileges of trade fhall be confidered upon the conditions of the Frenchtrade, which it is faid implies, " that as the French trade is expofed to Brity/h captures, fo muft be the trade of the capitulants."

It is obfervable, that this article is propounded on the part of the capitulants, and the conditions ftipulated muff have been in their ideas produ&ive of fome benefit and advantage : Was it for the benefit and advantage of the capitulants, that their property fo captured fhould become the property of the captors, and liable to confifcation ? Certaifily not.
But admit, that this article was propounded on the part of the Frenchgeneral ; what beneficial obje& could he have in ftipulating, that this trade fhould be expofed to Britij capture ? Was it for the intereft and advantage of the Frenchcrow , that this frefl acceflion to its commerce fmould be harraffed and1 difcouraged by Brit./h capture ? Certainly not.

A conilruaion then fo pointedly againft the intereft of both pa:ties, can never be the right one: The truth is, the condition expreffed in the article refers only to the duties, impoffs and regulations of commerce.

But if the conftru&ion was admiffible, that it was for the intcreft of the Britijhcapitulants, that this trade fhould be liable to fuch interruption by Brit#A captures, what mu ft we think of the opinion of the eminent Lawyers of Great Britain which have been cited ? They fay, that this trade is proteted by the capitulation againft: Briti/h captures: Deciding then againfl the contended intereft of the capitulants, do not their opinions from fuch .a circumftance acquire a great additional force? The Britif/ Crown by its proclamation gives irconteftible evidence, that the property of-the capitulants is not expofed to Brit/h capture ; for it refers to the capitulation, affcrts -the proteclion it gives,
and confirms it. With regard then to the quvIionz ," whcther the capitulatioia
" extends prote&ion to property, when fhipped from the Ifcc land and afloat at fe-. ?" W'e are of opinion thal. it dces.

But it is obje~ted, on the fecond ground of argument, that the cargo vas principally the property of refidents in Great Britain at the time of the capitulation, and, therefore, although owning eftates inthe Tfland, yet not antitkled to the benefit of the capitulatiou.

FEDERAL COURT oF APP-Ats.

It will be proper in the confideration of this objefion to at-

tend to the 9 th, r2th and 13 th articles of capittlaibn. The 9 th article fays : " The abfent inhabitants, and.fuch as
" are in the fervice of GreatBr2tain, fhiall be maintained in the

" poffeffion and enjoyment of their ifates which fhall be ma.

, naged for them by their attornies."

The 12th article fays : "That widows and other inhabitants,

" who, through illnefs, abfence, or any other impediment, cannot

" immediately fign the capitulation, fhall have a. limited time

" to accede to it."

And the 13 th article fays: " The inhabitants and merchants " of this Ifland included within the prefent capitulation, fhall

" enjoy all the privileges," &c.

The fa& is admitted, that the cargo is the produce and growth

of Dominiea, and that the princilial part of it belongs to BritNj/

fubjeds ; poffeffing eftates in the Ifland, but noir-re'fidents at the

time of the capitulation

It is obje&ed, " that with regard to fuch non-refidents, the

operation of the 9 th article" extends no farther than to prote& the eftates of fuch perfons from feizure and confifeation, by the

rights of conqueft ; that the i 2th article extends" only to thofe

who have acceded to the capitulation within the time limited,

and that the 13 th article extends only to fuch inhabitants and merchants as are included at the time of capitulation, and not to

non-refidents.

To this it is replied, c that by the i 2th article abfemees may

come in within a limited time and accede to the capitulation,

and that then they fall within the defcription. of the 13 th article, which fays, " the inhabitants and-merchants of this ifland,

c included within the capitulation, &c."

Upon thefe allegations and faas, two- queftions arife:

ift. Whether the claimants who were non-refidents and ab-

fentees atthe time of capitulation have acceded to it .?

2d. Whether having acceded to it, they come within the def-

cription of the 13 th article, and aire entitled to the rights and.pri-

vileges of trade there conceded ?

We have carefully examined all the bills of lading and the de-

pofitions annexed, and 'lind that the propeity mentioned in each

bill is proved, by the refpe&ive depofitions, to be the property of

a Brityi capitulant. Whether he perfonally, or by attorney re-

prefentatively, fxubfcribed the capitulation, dkes not appear; nor

do we think it material, for the maxim is a true one, qui facit

per alium,facitperfe.

It is proved by the depofition of Mr. Fitzgerald, that in the

general fenfe and opinion of the people of the 'Ifland, the fab-

fcription of an attorney for his pincipal was fuflcient, and Mr.

ff;zgerald mentions an inftance, where a principal was refuted by

B

the

1781.

1o

CAsEs ruled and dccrced in the

1781. · .

the FrenchGovernor the bencfit of the capitulation, becaufe his attorney had negle&ed .to fubfcribe for him. He alfo proves,
that it was the uniform and uninterrupted pra&ice of the Ifland, for principals non-refidents to fubfcribeby attorney; which would not have been the cafe, unlefs fich mode had been agreeable to the fpirit and intention of the capitulation.
But it is faid, " that none could a&ede to this capitulation but fuch as-were in a capacity to ftipulate a neutrality, andthat non-refidents, in GreatBritain, although owning eftates in Do2ninica, could not confiftently with their allegiance engage a neu-
trality of condu&."
It muft be admitted,that where the fupreme authority is competent to prote& the rights of fubje&s, a fubje& cannot diveft .himfelfof the obligation of a citizen,andwantonlymnke a compa& withthe enemy of his country,ftipulating a neutralityof condu&;
but certainlyhe may enter into fuch an agreement, when it is no longer able to give him prote&ion. In the prefent cafe, the Britjh Crown was not able to fecure tP the owners their eftates in Dominica, and therefore they had a natural right to make the beft terms they could, for the prefervation of their property ;-
for,t is a general maxim of the law of nations, " that although a private compa& with-an enemy may be prejudicial to aftate in fome degree, yet if it tends to avoid a greater evil, it fhall bind the ftate, and orght to be conlidered as a public good,." The owners therefore of the cargo in queftion, though non-refidents at the time of the capitulation and out of the reach of perfonal ijury, yet.having eftates in the ifland, in danger of conifcation 'by conqueft, had a right to avail themfelves of the terms proffered by the capitulation, and engage a neutrality of condu&,by ac-
ceding to it. Bitt it is faid-f" that very poflibly fome of thefe non-refidents
are at this day in the.military fervice of Great Britain." Our oitnion is, that the 9 th article, with regard to all abren-
tees, and fuch as are in tie fervice of Great'Britain,only ex-empted their effates from forfeiture'by the rights of conqueft. The rights and privileges of trade are confidered only by the 13 th article. No one can bring hitmfelf within the i 3 th article, that has not figned the capitulation, kind -every one who figns the capitulation engages a, nettrality bfcondu&. If any one fubfcribing the capitulation Ihould afterwards go iflto the fervice
of Great Britainand. commit aas ofhoftility againft Franceand America, he would break his engagement of neutrality, and forfeit'all the rights and privileges ot trade, and his property cap-
tured at tea would become priie. . 'Itis a rational conflru&ion to confider neutrality as the greit bafis of the capitulation. The eftates indeed of abfentees, and
,64cli as were engaged in the fervice of Great Britin, appear to
have

FEDERAL COURT- Ol A'PPEALS.

have been fecured at all events from forfeiture, without a fti- 1781.
pulation for neutrality ; but with regard to the rights and privi- ko-v-j

ledges of trade, they can, be only exercifed by thofe who have

acceded to the capitulation and engaged a neutrality. Admitting

then that the owners of eftates in the Ifland ofDominica,and non-

refidents and claimants in the caufe, have properly acceded to the

capitulation , the mere queflion is, whether they come within

the I th article, and are entitled to the rights and privileges

of trade there conceded ? As we conceive that this article was

conceded as a liberal compenfatiou for the fiipulation of neutra-

lity, we have no doubt but that thefe non-refidents, who owned:

eftatesin Dominica and have acceded to tbe capitulation and.

neutrality, come within the defcription of the r3th article, ,nd

are entitled to all the rights and privileges of trade, which it

provides for and~ftipulates.

The third ground of argument, on which it is contended, that

tiis cargo is not prote6ted by the capitulation againft capture,

is this: That the proceeds of the cargo were to be principally re-

mitted to Great Britain,on theorder of the owners refidefitthere,

and therefore that this cargo was in a line of trade not within

the prote&ion of the capitulation. We have already given it

as our opinion; that the 13 th article gives the capitulants a protefted trade to every port, w%,here the trade and commerce of

Franceextends. And we have given, it as our opinion, that

with regard to tne rights and privileges of trade, there is no

difference between the inhabitants, and thofe abfentees, non-refi-

dents, who have acceded to the capitulation and neutrality.

The only circumifance then to take this cargo out of the pro-

teaion of the capitulation muft be the letters of advice of the

agents at Doninica, 'advifing the confignees at 4mfqerdam, to

whom the cargo belonged, and that the proceeds' of the princi-

pal part"of it were to be at the difpofal and order 6f the owners,

refidents in Great Britain. We cannot fee the force of this

circumftance in the extent contended for, if the agents rightful-

ly exported the produce of the eftates of thofe non-refidents, in

conformity to the capitulation. The letters of advice cannot-

.give this commercial a& a different complexio'n; the agentscould

IiQt fhip thist property in their own right, wAith6ut taking upon:

themfelves a rifk of the voyag6 ; and the Bills of Lading necefa-

rily allowed that the proceeds were at the difpofal of the owners.

Could agents have ated with more propriety ? Every ftcp-'

they took was the natural refult of the rights of trade conceded

by .he capitulation. But it is objeded, c that tlu-'oth article

fhews,-tbt no remittance war to be uiade, but for education and

fupport of childrenY

The article is this te The inhabitants of the Ifland fhall lave

liberty to fend their,rtildren to -.'nldItol,be there educated,

B2

anti

CAsrs ruled and decreed'in the

1781.
'

and to fend them back again, and to make remittances to them

while in Egland."
T"his article by no means proves, that n6 remittances were to
be made o proceeds on fales in a neutral country; tho' the children might have-had remittances in that train of intercourfe,
yet the mode -n-ight have been thought too circuitous and dila-

tory. A remittance in a direa line was more eligible. Betides,

remittanccs on fals abroad could only be in money or billss but

by this article there is no limitation of the fpecies of remittance,

uno it may be in produce.

The capitulation muif receive a liberal coiftrul&ion. It was

the fabrick of a great, enlightened, General, and every part of the ftruaure cdhibits a liberality and grandeur of fpirit, that does

honor to human nature. It is faid, that if the property of the

capitulants is thus prote&ed from capture, it is in a better fitu-

ation than French,American or Britjbproperty; it it precifely in

the fituation of neutral property. It was far from being the wifh

of the capitulants to have had their property placed in fuch a

predicament upon the terms it was done. They were reduced

and obliged to fubmit to it by force of arms. But the fituation

of thofe people is mentioned ais a happy one: If to be a con-

quered people, and inforced to all the contingent confequences

of a conqueft, be a pleafing condition, thefe people may then

boaft of their being in an happy one.

It is faid the Britij/q crown muff be benefited by this condition

of their fubje&s.

The Bri/h crown may indeed be benefited in fome degree;

it was not meant to deprive Great Britain of every benefit; fie

draws fome befiefit from having a few remittances made from

fales abroad, to a few of her fubje a5s in England, owning eflates

in Doninica. But then to gain the advantage fhe yields up the

perfonal fervice of thofe fubje'ts, for they are bound to obfcrve

a neutrality. But has Great Britainloft nothing by the con-

queft? Who poffeffes the Ifland of Dominiea? Who poflffies

all the advantages and benefits of its trade ? Who has obt'ined

its commercial revenues ?

I It is true fhe is not at the expence of the government of that

ifland. But it is. true fhe has loft, Ifland, government and re-

venues. When the configneos difpofed of the cargo, they be-

came debtors for the monies received. The making of remit-

tances in fatisfa&ion of deb.ts, although to fubje&s of a nation at

war, is no violation of the duties of a etizen. Nor will the

ufagL und pra&ice of civilized nations forbid it. Tobacco ihipped to France,with an avowed intent to remit the .proceeds to .En-

gland for the payment of debts, woulU not be prize on -an Ame-

rican capture.

We come now to the fourth ground of argument, on which it

·

is

.FEDERAD COURT oF APPEALS.
is contended, that this cargo is not within the proteffion of the x781. articles of capitulation ; that is, that the voyage was calculated '1",,-. for GreatBritain, and not for 4amjlerdam in Hollnd, and therefore in breach and out of the prote&ion of the capitulation. This argument is grounded upon feveral circumftances and upon evidence, that point at fame latent (,bje&, but do not fpeak decifively upon it: They prove a fecrecy and concealment, with regard
to the voyage to Dominica, and the taking a cargo there; but all thefe circumrfances are eafily explained, without adopting the idea that the voyage was intended for Great Britain. What i2 fuggefted in Capt. lWaterbdrh's lettef, was a mere precautionary meafure to avoid Brit/i cfuizers, that perpetually harraffed the Dutch trade, by capturing their veflels. In the fame letter he mentions the capture of a Holland ihip which had been carried into St. Kitts and releafed i th." letter is dated Btujatia; and the manceuvres he mentioned xere to fecure the voyage to Dominica.
The voyage fron Dominia to Almljerdam, we have no doubt, was planned in London, between the capitulants there, owning eftates in Dominica, afid DanielHefjbuysen, agent for Brantlight & Son. The letter addreffed to .Morffon,atDominika,wasdated at A ny7erdam, tho' wrote in London, becaufe Brantlight& Son lived at Amflerdam, and becaufe the cargo was to be configned to them at _mfierdam, and it was dated the day of the date of his own letter, which inclofed it, becaufe it was then wrote. As for the fecrecy enjoined in Brantlight& Son's letter to Cap'ain IWaterburgh while at Eujlatia, with regard to the voyage to Dominica and the taking a cargo there, we cannot think they had any other motive for it than fuch as often influences merchants in the condut of a fair trade, to keep to themfelves their commercial plans. But what force can thefe circumftances havc when oppofed by the pofitive evidence that is produced ? The Bill of Lading and a variety of letters from the fhippers and attornies for the owners in London, fome addrefli~d to Brantlight& Son, 2nd others to the owners, prove that the voyage was for A.xflerdam; all the fhip papers alfo prove it. But the depofitions of
WFat'rburgh and Morefon, to whom the fhip was configned, and, by whom the fhip was loaded, are conclufive: They, upon clearing out of the fhip, fwear exprefily that Ihe was deffined for
,gnfflerdam. We are now come to the laft ground, which has been
taken to prove the cargo not to be prote&Ced by the articles of capitulation, which is: That the property of the cargo on board, was the propcrty of Britij fubjecls, not refidents or owning eftates in Dominica. But what is the evidence produced to prove this ? It is a letter from Aor-,-n to Brantlightv& Son, in which he mentions the alarm occalioned by the rupture between Great Britain and the States General, and the fears and,
apprelenfion

CAsEs ruled and decreed in the
1781. apprehenrons the merchants and fhippers were under, relative
~--~'to putting 'roperty on board a Holland veffel; he afterwards
mentions the arrival of the king's proclamation, prote&ing Ho. Jand.veffels from capture, and fays "even then no one but Mr. 6f .1endirMafon and myfelf would 'put a hogfhead on board cc your {hip, as the king's proclamation laid fo much blame on " your City; but we have-agreed, &c." and then fays they have agreed to fbip, and affigns the reafons.
The fa&t does not appear, that Kender Mafon had any property at all in Dominica, nor that he had any attorney or agent; it appears he lived in London,'and was a correfpondent of Morefon's Houfe in, Dominca. It appears DanielIH-fufen, as agent for Brantlight& Son, obtained a letter from this .Kender Mafon ad-, dreffcd to Morefon, which he enclofed to CaptainWaterburgk at -t. Euftatia, and in confequence of which Captain JVaterburgh was ordered to Dominica. - This letter ·was probably delivered by WFaterburgh, as it is not to be found among the thip's papers. We have no evidence of the contents of this let. ter, but it appeais to us, to have been a letter recommending Brantlight & Son to Aforefon's Houfe. The plan of the voyage being fettled in London, it was natural to obtain letters of introduffion from thence.
But .Mlorefon's letter, it is obje&ed, fpeaks exprefsly of Kender Mlafon having thipped property an board, and there is no proof, that he is a Britih capitulant, and therefore, here was property on board belonging to a~ritfb fubje&t, who was neither a refident in Dominica, nor an owner of eftate there, and, confequently, it was Brif/h property not protcetedby the capitulation.
korefon'.. letter, if good evidence, to prove the fact with regard to Kender Mafon, muff be taken as good evidence to prove evqry fa& ftated in it; for it muff be taken altogether and admitted, or rejeded in toto.
He fays then, "No one but Kender Mafon and myfelf, would "put a hoglhead on board, &c." .Aorefn then, as well as Kenderikfafi, had property on board. Moreon alfo mentions in his letter, that afterwards there was an agreement to fhip generally, and aifigns the reafons. The fhippers muff be other perfons befides M34afon and Mcrefon : So that even upon the evidence of Mor.n's letter,Kender Mlafon could have but apart of the cargo, the quantum of which is not at all afccrtaind.
But we are inclined to think, that this letter of lorefon's, with regard to Kender MAfrn fibipping property on board, is a rtake. Kerner Ii'afon was certainly not at Dominica, and yet the letter conveys that idea - "A general panic had feized the merchants, they would not fhip until the arrival of the King's Proclamation, and even then .KenderMyfion and myfelf were the only perfons who would fhip a hogflaead." Tle perfon Morefon
.ean(,

FEEERAL COURT OF APPEALS

meant to fpeak of muft have been on the fpot. He was one whom the panic had not taken hold of; he was one who with Mor6ron took the refolution to fhip, notwithdanding the alarming rupture between Great Britain and the States General; he was one who was led to fhip from a confidence in the King's Proclamation. We have it in evidence that Captain Waterburgh had letters of recommendation both to ilforefon and a Mfr. Alexander Henderfon. Thefe letters were inclofed to the captain in a letter from Brantliht C"&nr. It appears, that on the captain's application to Morfon, nothing could be done without Henderfon; Morefotn and Henderfon were the perfons who were confultedi and the firft who moied to provide a loading for the fhip. It appears from the Bill 'of Lading& that Hendeifcn was a principal hipper. Thefe circumftances confidered, the fuppofition which was made by the "counfel for the claimants, is not altogether'without foundation, that Kender Maftn, was by mii-
take inferted for Henderfon. But be the fa& as it may, we muft determine according to
the weight of evidence. The Bills of Lading fhew, that Kender Main had no property on board; for every bill mentions the perfon to whoin the property belongs, and each bill has a depofizion annexed to it, proving the property mentioned to be the property of the perfons mentioned, and it appears that there was no other property than what was mentioned in the Bills of Lading, and no where in thofe Bills is the name of Kender J.lfafion to 'be found. To faj then that Kender Mafin had property on board, is to fay that upwards of twenty perfons have committed perjury, for there-is that number of Bills of'Lading and depofitions: A mere affertion in a letter can never be fuffered to weigh down fuch a powerful combination of pofitive proof anHoaavthin. g nw confidered all the grounds, 'on. which it was ob-

1781. %

je6ted that the cargo was, in this cafe, not protected by the articles of capitulation-we are of opinion that this cargo was proteted by the articles agaiift all French and Brity/ captures; and, if dmerica is bound by the articles, prote6ted .alfbo from .dmerican captures. But the queftion is, whether the articles of capitulation bind America? Jattel, a. celebrated writer on the laws of nations, fays, 4c when two naions make war a common caufe, they act as one body, and the war is' alled a fociety of war ; they are fo clearly and intimately conne~ted, that the,Yur Po/lliminii takes place among them, -asamong fellow fubjets." It appears 'rom the eftabliflied form of Rarffom Bills, that a compa&t of that nature binds the ally, and it appears by the Paffp'ort granted by the FrenchGovernor of Dominica, that he confiders the capitulation as obligatory upoii.-4tnerica;for he requires all commande:rof French veffels, and all commanders
of

1 7 g.
''V%-i

i6

CAsns ruled and decreed in the

of Spaniypvcffels, and .merican veff es, the allies of France, not to impede -the navigation of faid ihip, in her palTage to daflier-
dam ;.for that the fhippers of the cargo were capitulants, under the protelion of the French crown. From the very nature of the coi-aeCion between allies, their compa&s and agreements with the Gommon enemy muff bind each other, when they tend to accomplifh the objeds of the allies. Both nations have one common intereft and one common obje&t. If fuch agreements,
when correfpondent to the terms upon which the alliance is formed and calculated for the attainment of, the views and defigns which gave birth to it, do not bind the ally, then the confequence would be, that the ally would reap all the fruit and advantages of the compa6, without being fubj'e& to the terms and conditions of it; while the enemy with whom the compa& is made, is expofed, with regard to the ally, to all the difadvantages of it, without participating of all the benefits ftipulated; an inequality of obligation reprobated by everyprinicipleof reafon
and juftice.
If America is not bound by the capitulation, then it can give no fecurity tO the capitulants, nor can they with fafety exercife the rights and privileges of trade conceded, to them. America being in alliance with France,the ports of France are opened to our armed veffels ; and anAmericanprivateermight poft herfelf in the ports of Dominica, watch the failing of the fhips from that port,. purfue and capture them. Under fuch circamftances the trade and commerce of the Ifland would be totally annihilated.
But not only the cnpitulants would fuffer; France Would equallyfuftTr; for, if exportation ceafes, the commercial revenue of the Ifland muff ceafe with it.
The conqueft of Dominica was produfive 6f great advantages tq the common caufe. It was a confiderable reduion of the power and refources of Great Britain it placed a great body of her fubje&s in a ftate of neutrality ; it leffened the commerce and revenues ofheri governnent, and eventually deprives her of a part of her dominions.
But if America is not bound by the capitulation, neither can thecapitulants bc bound with rcgard to Aerica; for no engagement can be a valid one, which ties up the hands of one party, and leaves the other party at full liberty to exercife, on the party bound, all the rights of war.
Then, what fliould we think of the FrenchGovernor of Dz'mitaca, vcre he to fuffer the capitulants to fit out armed vefrels, to cruize againft America. But it is faid, that the capitulation, fo far as it is contended to bind America, is unequal ; for Arnericanproperty exported from Dominica would be liable to Britibcapture, which Brit., property would not. This

EI MRAL COURT oF APPEALS,

X'7

This argument is not a fair one ; it blencds together what ought to be diftinguifhed ; a difference ought to be obferved between the property of Brity/h fubjes and Britih capitulants.Britib fubje&s, not capitulants, may rightfully captureAmerican property: Americans may rightfully capture their property; but Brit#i capitulants cannot captureAmericanproperty ; and therefore it is a perfe& equality, that Americans fhall not capture the property of capitulants.

But it is thought ftrange, that while French, Spanijb,Ainerican and Briti/b property ihould be liable to capture, the property of the c'apitulants fhould be exempted from it.

Let us advert for a moment to the peculiar fituation of thofe capitulants. They are a conquer'ed people and reduced tothe government of France;they are by compa& a neutral body ; they have neither the power of war, nor peace ; they commit hof. tilities againft no nation 1neither againit France,nor Spain, nor A4merica, nor Britain;where then is the ftrangenefs in the dotrine, that the property of a people thus reduced, thus defencelefs, and thus affing in the line of neutrality, fhould be protedted from capture,?

But the refolutions of Congrefs, with regard to Bermudas anti other Iflands, have been obje~ted, and it is faid that Count d'Eftaing captured the veffels belonging to thofe Iflands, though, by the refolve of Congrefs, they were exempted from capture; which, it is contended, fhews that the agreement of one allydoes not bind the other. .The refolutions of Congrefs cannot be confidered as a compa& with -the people of Bermudas and the other Iflands ; for thofe people were hot in a capaciiy to make a compa& j they were under fubjeffi6n to the Briti Crown, and had no authority from the Crown to enter into engagements withAmerica. The refolutions therefore of Congrefs were a mere voluntary fufpenfion of the rights of war, with regard to thofe people, the continuance of which was perfe&ly optional with

A4merica.
.If Francewas bound by thefe refolutions of Congrefs, fhe would
only bd bound in the extent that America was. America might fay when fhe pleafed, that thofe refolutions ffhould not exift, and fo might France.

But if Francewas bound to a neutrality with regard to 3er.jnudas and thofe other Iflands ; then Bermudas and thofe other Iflands were bound to a neutrality with regard zo France: But thofe Iflands were not bound, therefore France was not bound; and Count d'E/taing was well juftified in the captures he made.

With regard then to the queftion, . whether the articles of

capitulation bind A4merica," we are of opinion that they do.

C

But

178£.

18

CAsEs ruled and decreed in the

1781. But the claimants take a ground which they fay will fave the t-od cargo at allevents ; and this ground is the ordinanlce of Congre(,F
which relates to the rights of neutrality. Congrefs, Odober 1786, taking into confideration the decla-
ration of her Imperial .fajefly of Rtjpa, with regard to the rights of neutrality, adopt the principles of the declaration, and appoint a committee to report refolutions conformable to them. Refolutions are reported, and on the 7 th of April 1781. before the capture in the prefent cafe, "Congrefs pafs an ordinance afcertaining 'fetof inftrutions for commanders of aimedveffels, the 3 d. and 4 th of which are as follow:
3 d. You fhall permit all neutral ve.i.ls freely to navigate n cthe high feas or coaft of Amnerica, cxcept fuch as are emiployed in carrying contraband good;s, or foldiers, to the enemies
" of thefe United States." 4 th. " You fhall not feize or capture effets belonging to
c the fubjefs of the belligerent powers on board of neutral cc veffels, excepting contraband goods. &c."
Great Britain,-before the capture, had commenced hoftilities n.gainft the States General ; but by proclamation exempted from capture, for a limited time, all hips and veffels, belonging tothe States General of the United Provinces carrying the produce or manufalures of Dominica, accopding" to the articles of ca-' pitulatio*i. The fhip in this cae was, the property of Brantlight and Sn - fubje6ts of the States General, carrying the produce of Dominica according to.the capitulation. She -wascaptured by aBriti/?privateer,within the limited fimep andon a fuppofltin that Ahmerica is not bound by the articles-of capitulation; her cargo was the property of Britif/ fubjets.at war with America. This cafe comes exprefsly within the fourth iltruftion ; the fhip is certainly within the predicament of neutral property, and the cargo is the property of fubje&s of a belligerent power.
But, it is faid, that the rights of neutrality were broken by the Britib capture.
The Rritib capture was illegal; it was without authority from the Brit; Crown, It was dire6tly againft the articles of capi-" tulation, and in oppofition to the Brityh proclamation ' it was a piratical at, in legal ftri&nefs, and "only excufalle on the circumft.t:ces of the cafe. But fhall Aerica violate, rights of neutrality, becaufe'another nation has done it ? Or, which is the prefent c.afe, becaufe a fubjet,' witlout authority "from his nation, has done it? Did the ibip ceafe to be a ieutral fhip by the capture, and did the cargo ceafe to be Briti/ property ? If . not; then, at the time of the recapture, the fhipwas a neutral fllip, and ihe cargo, efFel&s belonging to the fubjeff" of a belligerent power, and fo cxprefsly within the 4th inftruWion. But-it is ob-
eded,, that Great Britainhas not acceded to the rights of

FEDERAL CouRT or APPEALS.

meutrality, and therefore the property on board a neutral vefffel ought not to be prote~ied.'
The ordinance of Congrefs makes no exception of GreatBritain; for it fays, you fhall not feize orcapture effe&s belonging to the belligerent povers on board of neutral veffels. GreatBritainis here beyond a doubtcomprehended i for fhe was a belligerent power when the ordinance paffed.
But it is faid this ordinance of Congrefs is obligatory only on commanders of veifels, but not in the Courts of Admiralty and Appeal. We cannot think that this objeftion was feriouflv made.
Uponthe wholewe areof opinion thatthe decreebelowwith regard to the fhip, be confirmed; and with regard to the cargo, that it be reverfed, and the cargo be charged with the ftipulated freight.

1781.

December Seflion, ][781.

MILLER, Libellant and Appellant, versus
The

The Ship RESOLUTroN, &C. The Cargo of the Ship SOLUTION, &c.

('N motion, of Wiljon, for the Appellants, a rule had beelt

)granted in September Sellion hift, to fhew caufe, why there

fhould not be a rehearlhg in thefe Appeals : ift, becaufe the

decree had erred in fa&; and 2d. becaufe there had been a difco-

very of material teftimony fince it was pronounced: And, it was,

argued on the 26th December, 178"t, by Morris,irl fupport of the

rule, and by Sereant and. Wilockr, in oppofition to it.

In fupport of the'rule, it was faid, that the re-hearing ought

to be allowed, on the principle that humanum eft errare- and bVy

analogy to the praffice of the Court of Chancery, founded oh

that principle. It is true, that the intereft of the community re-

quires, that there fhQuld be an end to controverfies ; but thia

muft be attended to, confiftently with doing juftice. A re-hearing

oftheChancellor's decree teems, indeed, to be a matter of coiirfe,

on application, for that purpofe, by any two Counfel of refpe ble chara&er. Bo. Cur. Can. 240. 243. 364. 385. 4°O5fih-

The petition for a re-hearing was filed ) as foon. as information

of thedecree was recei'ted: There has, therefore, been no laches

Cz

irk

