CAsEs ruled and adjudged in the

1785

WYCOFJ verfus. LONGHEAD. " "

HIS was an a ion on a promiffory note to which the
dcfendani pleaded the aS of Affembly againit ufury ; and thereupon the following points were ruled by the Court, in
their charge to the Jury. i ft. That where more than leg. I intereft was included in any
note, bond, or fpecialty, the whoie amount could- not be fued for and recovred : But the plaintiff was entitled, in fitch cafq, to -i verdi& for the juft principal and lawful intereft.
2d. That if a man, diretly, or- indirectly, aCually receives more than fix per cent, he incurs a forfeiture eqial to the money &c. lent; bit if an afion is brought to recover the amount of the loan, a verdi& ought not to be given for the defendant, as'that would, in effec, be putting the money into his pocket, inflead of working a forfeiture to the Commonvealth.
3 d. That a man may, bona fide, purfhafe any fecurity for the payment of money, at the loweft rate he can, without incur-
ring the penalties of ufury.

RESPUBLICA verfu S'RIELE."

AI-HE' defendant being out-lawed for robbery; and afterward J.1 "apprehended, was brought up forjudgment ; but, denying
that be was the fameRobert Steelewhowas mentioned in the outlawry, un iffue was joined by the Attoriey General to try the identity.
ws, as counfel for the'prifoner, took two exceptions on the trial : ift. That it was not proved, that the defendant was an inhabitant of W}righi's own, as ftated in the procefs' of out]awry ;, for though it appeared that he worked there, he contended that circumfiance alone did not eftablifh a refidencc. 2d. That the addition is falfe and defctive ; for, he is called cc'eoman;' whkh means (contrary to the fact) that he is a free-holder of the value of 40 fhbillings per annum ; and the addition' doei not extend-to the toin or hamlet, the name, degree, or miftery, "withoutwhich the outlawry, is void. I . ,Com. 4o6. 2 vyl. 66,8. "vfioYn': Diionary, word " Yeoman." 2 Hawk. 185. fl 102. ib..i86,f io6. ib. 187. 8. * Bradford, Attorney General, infifted, that the proof of refidenue was fufficiently made; anid that, by the flatute, the def-
Sfcription
.41Tis ca'ufe -ias tried on the ±6th September, 1785 , . rgued and decided the iatb October, 1785.

Supm, CouRT ar .Pen ilvnva.

93

cription might either be of the degree or miftery ; the latter of which had been chofen in the prefent cafe. 2 Hawk.* 186.
IPood. IV. 45BY THE COURT :--It is neceflary to flate the townfhip ; but
if the defendant is proved to have been there, it is enough to fatisfy the defignation. The firft day a man comes into a place, he is a ftranger ; the fecond day he is confidered as a gueft ; and the third day he becomes an inhabitant. But if any one comes from New-y7erjey, and ftays only an hour in Pennj'lvania, during which he commits an offence, he muft be charged as of the townfbip, in which he was at the time ; for, he cannot be
called of New-J7erfey. With refpe& to the obje&ion againft the -form of the addi-
tion, it is to be obferved, that the ftatute requires the defcription
of a fiate, degree, or miftery; but either of them is fufficient. For inftance, it has never been doubted, but that the addition
of widow, or fpinfter, is valid, and yet fuch addition is certainly not defcriptive of any degree or miftery.
The'iffue being found for the Commonwealth, fentence of death was pronounced, aud the defendant was foon afterwards executed.

1785.

May Sefflions, 1786.

ANoRw's Leffee, 'verfus FLEMINg.V
JECT ENT. In the courfe of the trial of this caufe,
the following points were ruled. z. The plaintiff offared to give evidence of a converfation between Thomas Fleming, the hufband of the defendant, under whom Ohe -held poffeffion, and Callander, under whom the plaintiff claimed ; in which Fleming, declared, c that he had title to the land in queftion, taken in execution as his, by the fheriff; and prayed Calldnder to permit him to continue fometime Iongerin poffeffion." It was obje&ed, that the admiffion of the evidence would be
fetting up a perfon's own declarations, to give him a title to the
2and. But,
-* Ruled at Lancaster Nisi Prius.

