F.DERAL COURT oP APPEALS.
May Seffions, 1787.

4r
1787.

LAKE, &c. nersu$, HULBERT, e at.
HIS cafe now came before the Court, on a petition, that
the appeal fhould be fuftained: but GRxF iN, READ, and LOWELL, Commiflioners, rejeted the application in the following terms.
BY THE COURT. In this cafe, the judgment of the Court will be determined by the conftrufion of the refolutioft of Congrefo, of June, 1786.
Congrefshaving eftablifhbed a fytem of appeals, and in that fyftern having limited a period, beyond which appeals are not to be entered, we think the refolution of 7une, 1786, could only mean, that, in conformity with this prior eftablifhment, the judges might ufe a difcretionary power, where particular circumfances, confiftent with juftice and right, may in their opinion require it.
*Whatever decree the Court might have made upon the vierits of the caufe, and although the property may have been illegally condemned in the maritime Courts; yet under all the circumfances of the prefent cafe, we are unanimoufly of opinion, ,that juftice and right do not require, that the appeal Thould now be fuftained.
Petition difrniffed.

The Owners of the Sloop " The Owners of the Brig

CHESTER, verfus

5

ExPERIMENT, et. a.

AA PETITION for fuftaining an appeal, with teftimony in fupport of the allegations contained in the petition, being filed, a rule W~as granted to fhew caufe, why the appeal fhould not be fuftained. The cafe was argued, on the ift of Mfay, and on the Id of May, GRIFFIN, READ and LOWELL, the prefiding Commiffqners, delivered the decifion of the Court:

BY THE COURT. Having confidered the evidence, and ar-

guments adduced by the Counfel for the petitioners, and ref-

pondents, we are of opinion, that there is not fufficient caufe

to admit the appeal of the petitioners, from the decree of the

Court of Admiralty, in the State of South Carolina,condemning

the Sloop Cbe/ter, her Apparel, and Cargo.. If the appeal

F

fihould

SU AE-.COURT OF Pennfykank.h. 97

proved to be dead, or abfent beyond the reach of the procefs of the Court, the proof of their hand-writing would, be admitted ; or, if that was not praficable, proof of the hand-writing of the obligor might be fatisfatory. But thefe circumftances do not occur on the prefent occafion ; and as far as the teftimony of LongJdorff' goes,. it is calculated to induce a belief that there was, in fa&, no fealing and delivery of the inftrument. It is not, therefore, proved as a deed ; andj in my opinion, it ought not to be left to the Jury as a memorandum.
A bill of exceptions was taken to the opinion of the Court, but never profecuted.

.1787. l'*..a

April Term, 1787.

CocKsnoT's Leffee vefus HOPKINS.

JECTMENT. The demife laid in the -declaration having E expired, during the p'endency of the iafion, Coultburft, moved for leave io amend by inferting the word twenty, inflead of feven, fo as to enlarge'the term : And he cited Cwp. 841. 4
Burr. 2448i Lewis was about to reply, when the CHIEF JUSTICE obferved,
that the point was not only decided by the .Engli/hauthorities, but by, a recent adjudication in this Court.
BY THE COURT :-Let'the amendment be allowed on pay. ment,of cofts.

PRINGLE verfis BLACK'S Executor.

Y OREIGN attachment. A rule was obtained to hew caufe

why the foreign attachment lhould not be quaflied : And

only queftion difcuffed on the argument was, whether a

foreign attachment would lie againNif an executor?

After

98

CASES ruled and adjudged in the

1788. %o'

.4fter hearing Counfel oft botl fides) and tating time to advife upon the fubje&, THE COURT were of opinion, that the foreign attachment ought to be quafhed ; and, accordingly, -made
The rule abfolute.*

May Seffions, 17 8 8.

MC CURDY Verfus POTTS, deal.*
HIS was an i&ion of Trefpafs vi et armis for cutting the T plaintiff's trees; to which the defendant pleaded non cuL with leave to juftify,, &r. The title to the premifes was' the fubje& of controverfy ; an'd the Chief Juftice delivered the following charge to the Jury.
M'KEAN, Cbief .J7qice:-It is elffential to private juftice
and to public peace and order, that the rules of property, as ell as of the other obje~ls of fociety, fhould be fettled and promulged. Wretbhed, indeed, is the condition of that people, where the law is either uncertain, or unknown.
In the prefent caufe, it appears, that, in the year 1767, Hugk McCurdy, the plaintiff, having obtained a location for 206 acres, defired that a furvey might be made by the.proper officer , who, accordingly, furveycd the tra& in queftion, amounting! to 157 tcres. On this tra6, the plaintiff a&ually entered, and enjoyed, for a length of time, a peaceable poffeffion. He alfo improved it, by firft ercffing a Cabbin, then a.Houfe ; and afterward a Barn ; and byclearing and cultivating 2 acres of meado.w, 40 acres of arable land, and an Orchard with 40 or 5o Apple Trees in it. The proof of thefe fa6s is certainly fufficient to maintain an aaion of 'Trcfpafs ; for, the plaintiff had
not
* This minute was furnifhed by M. Coultburst, one of the plaintiff's Counfel; ind though I cannot Rlate at large the argument at the Bar, nor the reafons of the Judgmient, the point appeared to deferve notice, even in this imperfe& form. The authorities cited for the plaintiffi ere 2 Stra. 877- 3 -41h. 409. 2 Fez- 489. Ariw. Lond;
256. 268. 253. 4. 6.-x Lord. Ray, S6. *Decidcd at arlisek .Nii Pr-ius.-

