xii

COURT OF ERRORS AND APPEALS.

1788.
-

Not one case has been produced, by the learned counsel for
the appellant, to show, that, upon a bill of exceptions to another point, and after a general verdict, we are bound to consider a judgment by default in replevin, brought before us, as this is, as an affirmance of property; though struck with the position, we desired that such a case, if to be found, might be produced. Not a case has been off-ered, th.t can, by any analogy, be made to maintain the inference drawn in behalf of the appellant.
The.judgment of the Supreme Court affirmed.

Robinson et al. Appellants, versus The Lessee of Adams,
Respondent.
DICKINSON, L. An action of trespass of ejectment, was.
brought, by the respondent, against the appellnts, in the Common Pleas, of Sussex, for a tract of land situated in that county. The action was removed into the Supreme Court, by certiorari;and, upon the trial there, the jury found a special verdict.
The verdict states, -' that Thomaq Bagwell was seised in his "demesne as of fee, of a moiety of a tract of land, called Long"Neel, of which the land in question is part, and, by his will, " dated the 15th day of April 1690, devised the same in manner " following: ' I Thomas Bagzwell, &c. for my worldly estate, that
the Lord hath endowed me with, do give and bequeath as followeth: Item, I make my dear wife the executrix. Item, I give to my two sons, namely, William and Francis, all my land at 'the Horekiln, in Sussex county, &c. to be equally divided be-' 'tween them, and their heirs, forever. Item, this plantation, 'where I now live, &c. I give to my son 7ohn, to him, his heirs 'forever; that is, from" a white oak, by the creek side, &c. to 'the head line. Item, I give to my son Thomas, the rest of my 'land here, to be equally divided, and he to have share in the orchard; and, likewise; my part of the cedar island, I give to Thomas and 7ohn,"to be equally divided between them, to them 'and their heirs forever; only my two daughters, namely, Ann "Bagwell and Valiance "Bagwell,to have an equal share of the said island, so long as they keep themselves unmarried, and no 'longer. Item, I give to my son Thomas, two hundred acres of 'land, adjoining William Burton's branch, to him and his heirs forever; Item, I give to- my ion 7ohn, one negro woman.
"jury; each party having liberty to except to its competency, which except'ons are publickly stated, and, by th'e judge, are openly and publickly al-
"lo.ed, or disallowed, in the face of the country; which must curb any secret " bias or partiality that might arise in his own breast. If, either in his direc. "tions, or decisions, he mis-states the law, by ignorance, inadveitence, or de.
sig. the c4.uusel, on either side, may require him, publicly, to seal a bill of c excei)tiors, tating the point wherein he is supposed to cr." 3 Blaclhone, "72 Bid'l-, SIO
Ttem,

or tHE"STATE OF DELAWARE.

Xiii

Item, I give to my daughters, Ann and Valiance, two hundred 'twcntv and five acres of land, adjoining Yohn Abbot, Thomas
'Mills, and Francis W~harton, to them and their heirs forever. If any one of my aforesaid children should die, before they
'come to lawful age, their lands to go to the survivors;. that is, 'if Thomag should die, beifore he comes to lawful age, I give his
share of land where William now lives, to my.da'ughter Eliza'beth Tilney, to her, and the lawful begotteii heirs of her body, 'forever; provided Thomas have heirs before he comes to law'ful age, then to him, and his heirs, forever: and, likeiise, if 'William should die without heirs, to. go to Francis;and if Ann
'should die without heirs, to go to Valiance; and if 7ohn should 'die before he comes to lawful age, without heirs,'then his share 'of land here, where I now live, I give to my daughter Comfort Leatherberry,to her, and her lawful begotten heirs of her body, 'forever. Item, I give to every one of my grand-children a calf,
to them, and their heirs, forever; to my daughters Ann and
' Valiance, a feather bed a-piece, to'them, and the ir heirs, forever; 'to my four sons, Thomas, William, Francis, and John, a gun
a-piece, to them, and their heirs, forever; to my son Thomas, 'my pistols and holsters, forever, &c. And all the rest of my 'personal estate, I give to my wife, and my six aforesaid chil. 'dren, to be equally divided among them, to them, and their 'heirs, forever; to wit, Thomas, William, Francis, 7ohn, Ann, 'and Jraliance. I set my boys at age at eighteen, and my girls at
sixteen; 'and their estate to be divided presently.after my decease, Dy my friends William Curtis, William Burton, and Wil'liam parker, which I leave overseers over my children, &c.'
" That the testator died, seised as aforesaid; that his will was "duly proved, the 16th of September 1690; that he left issue, all "his sons and daughters before mentioned; that after his death, " Williaz, his eldest son, entered into the premises, in the decla"ration of the plaintiff mentioned, and being thereof seised, died U intestate, leaving issue William, his only son, by one venter, and
"Agnes, his only daughter, by another venter; that the said WWilliam and Agnes, after their father's death, entered into the premises, of which he died seised, and made partition, as by
"the records of the Orphan's Court appeareth, and the lands in
"the declaration mentioned, were allotted to the said William, "the son, who died intestate, seised thereof, leaving two daugh-
"ters, Patienceand Elizabeth, and a widow, Ann; that the said ., Ann, as tenant in dower, and the said Patience and Elizabeth, "as heirs of the said William, entered, and were seised, &c.; ,that thi said Patience, and Elizabeth, died without issue; that "their mother, Ann, married Benjamin Burton, and died, leaving "issue by him, two daughters, Ann, and Confort, who entered, "and were seised, &c.; that the said Ann married Thomas Ro-
"binson, and died, leaving issue, the' appellants; tlat Comfort
" died

1788. L-N-i

KIV

COURT OF ERRORs AND APPEALS

1788. %

" without issue; that Agnes, the daughter of William Bagwell, the first, married 7ohn Adams, by whom she had issue, seve-
"ral children, of whom 7ohn Adams, the lessor of the plaintiff, " is the eldest son, and heir at law; that he entered and demised, "&c. upon whom the defendants entered, &c. But, whether "upon the whole matter, &c. the jurois doubt, and pray the "opinion of the Court, &c. And if, &c. they find for the plain"tiff, and assess damages, to five shillings and six pence for costs, "besides the costs expended: but if, &c. they find for the de"fendant."
Upon this verdict, the Supreme Court, in April 1787, gave judgment for the plaintiff, from which judgment the defendants appealed. An habere facias possessionem was awarded to issue, for delivering possession to the plaintiff, upon security tendered, &c.
It is stated, by the counsel on both sides, that the only question in this cause is, whether William Bagwell, the. son of Thomas Bagwell, took, under his father's will, an estate in fee simple, or an estate in fee tail. If he took an estate in fee sirr ple, then, by our intestate acts, that estate is vested in the appe.lants. If he took an estate in fee tail, the land in question descended to the lessor of the plaintiff, now respondent, the heir in tail.
It is time that this controversy should be finally decided, or, large as the contested property is, it may prove ruinous to all persons concerned. We are informed, that several suits have been brought, for this estate; verdicts given against one another;
and contradictorT opinions, of very eminent lawyers, in several parts of America, obtained. The present action has continued
above fifteen years. It is contended, by the counsel for the appellants, that William
Bagvell, the dtvisee, took an estate in fee simple, subject to an' executory devise, to Francis Bagwell, contingent on William's dying under age, and without issue.
Their arguinent opened with an observation, that "estates in c fee tail are no favourites of the law, and particularly ought "not to be so, under republican forms of government, so that if "there be any doubt in this case, the determination should in"dine rather towards the appellants, than the respondent.".(1)
" The

(1) It is greatly to be desired, that the persons appointed by our Courts, for viewing and dividing' lands among the children of intestates, would not suffer themselves so easily to be .prevailed upon to report, that the lands will not bear a division. Thus, very often, an 8state is adjudged, as-incapable of division, to one of the children, that.might well be divided into five or six, if
not more, farms, as large.as many in the eastern states, upon which the in-
dustrious and prudent owners live very happily. By the usual way of proceeding among us, one of the children is involved in a heavy debt, that frequently proves ruinous to him; or, if the debt of valuation is paid to the other children, it is in a nu'mber of such trifling sums, and at such distances of time, -one
from

0 -TH9 STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA.

XV

"4The intention of the testators," say the counsel for the ap- 1788. pellants, "ought to prevail in the construction of wills; that these %
,"are presumed to be made in extreme weakness, and without '"good advise; that, therefore, great indulgence has been shown "cto improprieties of expression; and judges have frequently "Cadded, subtracted, changed, and transposed words; that, ac-
"4cording to this rule, these words in the will, ' and, likewise, if 'William should -die without heirs, to go to Francis,' should be " read thus: ' and, likewise, if William should. die, before he comes ' to kawiil age, without heirs of 'his body, his estate to go to ' Francis;' that this alteration is agreeable to the meaning of the " testator, because, after having just before mentioned his chil4 dren, and William amongst them, he says, ' if any one of my 'ajoresaid children should die, before they come to lawful age, 'their lands to go to the survivors;" and then, immediately, pro"ceeds, binding this part and the following into one sentence,
"by these strongly connecting explanatory words, ' that'is, if ' Thomas should die before he comes to lawful age, I give his
'share of land, where William now lives, to my daughter Eliza'beth Tilney, to her, and the lawful begotten heirs of her body,
forever; provided Thomas have heirs before he come to lawful 'age, then to him, ani his'heirs, forever; and, lihewise, if Wil'liam Baa-well should die without heirs, to go to Francis,&c.1 "that this construction is consistent with the design of the tes-
" tator, expressed in the foregoing part of his will, where he 9 gives William aii estate in fee simple; that this estate, being " given to the testato's immediate heir at law, ought not to be "diminished by the following words, unless they necessarily re-
" quire it so to be; that they do not thus require it to be dimi" nshed; that all the different parts of the will are reconcileable;
" that there was a fee simple given to William, with an execu-
" tory devise over to Francii,upon the contingency of William's " dying before he came to lawful age, and without heirs of his " body; that the contingency never happened; but William died
" seised of the fee simple." Many authorities have been read, and ably applied, in support
of these principles. By the counsel for the respondent, it is -urged, "that the con-
" struction contended for, on the other side, is arbitrary and in"cadmissible; that there is plainly an estate in fec tail, given to " William Bagwell, because, it is impossible, as was conceded

from another, that they are of very little use to those who receive them. This matter deserves very serious consideration.
It is much to be wished, that every citizen could possess a freehold, though some of them might happen to be small. Such a disposition of property cherishes domestic happiness, endears a country to its inhabitants, and promotes the general welfare. But, whatever influence such reflections might have upon us, on other occasions, they can have little, if any, on the present, for reasons that will hereafter appear.
" by

tVi

COURT or ERRxORS AND "APPEALS

1788.

" by the counsel for the appellants, that he could die ' without 'heirs,' as long as his brothsr Francis, to whom the limitation "over is made, was living; and, therefore, that limitation de-
"monstrates, that by the words cwithout heirs,' was meant, 'without heirs of his body;' that there is no necessity for over.,
throwing the fee tail, thus evidently limited; that the words, if any one of my aforesaid children should die, before they i:ome
'to lawful age,' &c. were proper, if only some of them were "under age; that there is reason to believe, from the fact
." stated, of Wifiani's being the eldest son, and of his living b, " himself; and, more especially, from the words made use of in ,Cthe limitation over upon his death, in which there. is no men-
"ction of his 4dyinQg before lawful age,' that he was of ige at the making of the will; that this c6nstruction is confirmed by
the limitations over upon the deaths of Thomas and 7ohn, ," which are expresslr made to depend not only upon their I dying 'without heirs,' as with respect to William, but, also, upon their
'dying before they come to lawful age;' that these words are
"omitted again, in the limitation over upon the death of Ann, "and, in all probability, for the same reason; that the testator "has, in this manner, repeatedly varied his language, in con-
,formity to his own views; that these views, thus declared, "cought not to be controuled by implications, and disappointed
" by additions, subtractions, changes, or.transpositions, supposed
" to be more agreeable to his mind; that this would be to make "wills, not to interpret them; that the construction, in favour of
"the respondent, is more easy and natural than that in favour of
"the appellants, and is much recommended, by not offering such "violence to the expressions of the testator."
The counsel for the respondent have insisted on this construc-
tion with a great force of argument, drawn from *reasonand au-
thorities. We have, therefore, thought fit to employ a considerable. time in our deliberations upon this cause.
It is agreed, by the counsel for the appellants and for the respondent, that the intent of the testators ought to govern in the construction of wills, except where a disposition is made contrary
to law. As there is no such disposition now in question, the sole inquiry is, What was the intent of the testator?
This intent is to be collected from the entire will, and not from any disjointed parts. Technical terms are not tiecessary for conveying it; and, if such are Aused, their legal acceptation may be controuled by other words, plainly declaring the meaning of the testator. 2 Black. 379. 2 Burr. 770. 1 Vez. 142. Doug,. 309. 327. Cowp. 239. 659. Vin. tit. Devise, 181. No words are to be rejected, that can possibly have any sense assigned to them, not incompatible with clearer expressions, or manifest general intent. Cases tempt. Talbot, 29. 6 .Ifod. 112.

OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.

Xvii

In the present instance, the testator, at first, certainly gives a

fee simple to his son William: yet, if the devise over to Francis,

"if William should die without heirs," is a substantive clause,

independent of the next foregoing clause that begins with the

words, "if any one of my aforesaid children should die before

".they come to lawful age," the fee simple is turned into a fee

tail. On the other hand, if these two clauses are but parts of one

continued sentence, through the whole of which, the testator's

disposing design holds on uncompleted until the conclusion, then

the fee simple remained in William, -%ith an executory devise to

Francis, dependent on the event of William's "dying 4vithout

"heirs" of his body, and" before he came to lawful age."

It has been strongly objected, by the respondent's counsel,

"that the construction, urged for the appellants, breaks through

"the wvords of the will, t6 let in an estate by implication, ufder

"the notion of a power being vested in judges to determine the

"intention of the testator, by adding to, or taking -froi,'his

"words; a construction, so severe, that it may well be compared

"to the bed bf Procrustes;if the expression is too short, rack it

"c out; if too long, lop off part.?'-

The power of judges would, indeed, be as exceptionable as it

is represented to be, if as extensive as it is supposed to be, in

the objection: but, the alteration of words, by judges, in consi-

dering wills, are not made, strictly speaking, to discover the in.

tention of testators, but only to express it properly when disco-

vered. They do not introduce'a supposed intention, but wait upon

the true intention..

Iiwas observed, in answer to this objection, by the learned

gentleman who replied for the appellants, "that the respondent's

1"counsel themselves, make use of implications in sustaining their

own construction; for, in order to form the estate tail assertedi

'by them to be limited to William Bagwell, they aie obliged to "cthis clause, I and, likewise, if"William Bagwell should die with-

'out heirs,' to add these words, of his body; and again, to render

"their construction consistent with reason, they are cbmpelled to

"allow that the limitation over to Francis, gives him a fee tail

"according to the intention of the testator, though only aaestate

for life according to the words of the will."

There is great weight in this observation. It proves the will

to be so d'fective ki expression, that, though the two parties are

led into opposite' deductions, yet each of thejn is under a neces-

sity of being guided by implications. Nor, is the use of implica-

tions, while bounded by legal limits, to be condemned; because,

they are to be admitted only for effectuating the general intent

of testators. 1 Burr. 50, 51.

We must, therefore, still recur t6 tke original question, What

was the intention of the testator?

VOL. IV.

c

Thm

1788.

XVIR
1788.
.

COURT Or ERROS ANa ArP!AL6
The attempt of the respondent's counsel, to show, that William was of age at the making of the will, is ingenious. However, the fact is not found, and we cannot suppose it. Indeed, it appears to be contradicted by these words, " All the rest of my personal " estate I give unto my wife and my six aforesaid children, to "be equally divided among them, to them, and their heirs, for"ever, viz. Thomas, William, Francis, 7ohn, Ann, and Valiance "Bagwell. I set my boys at age at eighteen, and girls at six" teen, and 4heir estate to be dividedpresenthi after my decease, "by my friends, &c. whom I leave as overseers over my chil" dren, &c." Here the word "1their" plainly refers to his &Zboy"s under eighteen, nd the words "estate to be divided presently, &c." refers to the foregoing words, " to be equally divided among
" them, &c." and as llliam is named as one of the "six afore. Itsaidchildren," among whom the residue of the personal estate was thus "to be equally divided, &c.."he and the other five chil-
dren seem-to be classed together, as being all under age. It is true, that-these words, " if any one of my aforesaid chil-
" dren should die before they come to lawful age, their lands to "go to the survivors," do not prove, by then relation to what went before, that Williamn was then under age, though he was one of the "aforesaid children:" for, as was observed by the respondcnt's counsel, the words may well be satisfied, if only some of them were under age. Butt these words, taken in connexion -with those that precede, and,. with those that follow them, acquire a very different and a decisive force.
The directions, at first, are only general, relating, without name, to "any one of the aforesaid children," and without .distinction, " to the survivors." These general terms are immedi.tely succeeded by this explanatory specification; " that is, if " Thomas should die before he comes to lawful age, I give his " share of land where William now lives, to my daughter Eliza. " beth Tilney, to her, and her lawful begotten heirs of her body, "forever; provided Thomas have heirs before he comes to law" ful age, then to him, and his heirs, forever; and, likewvise, if " William Bagwell should die without heirs, to go to Francis; " arid if Ann should die without heirs, to go to Valiance, and if
7John should die before he come to lawful age, without heirs, " then his share of land here, where I now live, I give to my " daughter Comfort Leatherberry,to her and her lawfully begot. " ten heirs of her body, forever."
Construing these words, " that is," accordin'g to the common manner of speaking, and so they ought to be construed, it is plaih, that the testator designed in his subsequent words to be more pak* u'ar, or exact, than he had yet been, and as in the:,e he mentivns William again, and makcs a substitution in case of his dying, it is evident, that William was meant, by -he testator, as
C'Ce

OF TiE STATE or DELAWARE.

XI

one" of his "aforesaid children," whose lands, if they " ?1:dd " die' before they came ta ka6tful age,' should "go to the -ur-
"vivors."
It is remarkable how much pains the testator employed, in this part of his will, to-prevent his meaning from being mistak.tn. in the limitation over, if Thomas should die, he applies his former
direction thus: "1 that is, if Thomas should die be ore he comes to lawful age, I give his share of land to my daughter Elizabeth Tilney, &c." And then to guard against a misconstruction of these words, whereby Thoma,'s issue might be disinherited, in case Thomas should die before he came to lawful age, leaving issue, subjoins, " provided Thomas have heirs before he comes to lawful age, then to him and his heirs forever."
No point of law can be clearer, than that this devise gives a fee simple to Thomas, with an" executory devise to Elizabeth
Tilney, if Thomas should die without heirs of his body, and before he should come to lawfud age. Why should not the like provision be extended to the case of William, when the testator after this full exposition of his mind with regard to substitution, instantly adds, " and likewise itWilliam Bagwell should die without heirs to go to Francis." The most obvious and natural construction of these words, is, that William's estate should be no otherwiseaffected by the limitation over to Francis,than Thomas's was by the limitation over to Elizabeth; though, perhaps, the testAtor also meant, that Francis should take such an estate as
-Elizabeth would take on a similar contingency. This construction is further recommended by the consideration,
that the limitation over to Francis is nonsense, it not being said, what is " to go" to him, unless it refer tQ the preceding wordis. The very imperfection in this part of the will carries strong evidence in it, that the testator at the instant of using this expression, united it in his idea to the antecedent part, especially as he em-
ploys the same peculiarity of phrase for transferring the estate in
both places.
The beginning of this explanation states Thomas to be under age. The conclusion of it states Yohn to be under age. Between
these are comprehended the provisions respecting William and Ann. From first to last, the words are all connected by the word " and" without the intervention of any stop. If then the two extremes relate to persons under age, and are confessedly explanatory of the general directions first mentioned, the, intermediate parts must also refer to persons under age, and be explanatory of
the same directions as to them, for there is no period at which the explanation rests, before the end of the devise to Comfort
.Leatherberry.
We can easily account for inaccuracies in the testator's expressions, from sickness, hurry, want of knowledge or assistance: but, we cannot account for such an inequality of distributions as

1783.

M

COURT Or ERROR8 AND APPIBALS

1788. ,-

is required by the construction in behalf of the respondent. -The testator's offspring appear to be alike objects of his parental
aff.-tion and providing care. Yet, what a needless, useless, and encumbering diversity of regulations is introduced, if Thomas took a fee simple, with an executorydevise to Elizabeth; William a fee tail, with an estate for life, or fee tail limited to Francis;
Ann a fee tail, with an estate for life, or a fee tail limited to Iraliance; and 7ohn a fee simrple, with an executory devise to -Coi fort?
On the contrary, the construction in favour of the appellants, gives a sameness of arrangements, correspondent with the sentiments of the father towards his children. Each son took an unfettered estate, that is, a fee simple in the part devised to him; of course, if any son " came to lawful age," he might dispose of his share as he pleased; if any son died, " before he came to lawful age," leaving issue, the estate went to that issue; but if
any son died, before he came to lawful age, and without leaving issue, the estate went to the substitute. Thisi we believe, to have
been the testator's design; and, we think, he manifested in it great prudence, and a paternal impartiality.
It has been observed, by the respondent's counsel, C1that this "construction would carry the estate entirely from the descend-
"ants of the testator into a strange family, and the respondent's "lessor would suffer the peculiar hardship of being tript of the"ipheritaiice, though he is heir of the testator and of the de"c visee."
It is impossible to -calculate hArdships of this kind, amidst the
mutabilities of human affairs. It is to be remembered, that William Bagwell, the devisee and heir of the testator, was succeeded
by his son William and this William by his two daughters. Thus t&e construction of the counsel for the appellants, allows a fee simple to the heirs of .the testator and devisee for several generations. About fifty years ago, as appears from the records of the Orphan'.. Court, the mother of the respondent's lessor obtain-
ed a partition with her brother William the second, of the lands idevised by the testator to William the first, their father, as of an
,estate in fee simple, and the lands assigned to her for her share are held under that partition to this day. It would have been thought at that time extremely hard, if it had been insisted, that William, the grandfather of the respondent's lessor took in fee tail the lands devised to him by this will, that, therefore, upon his -death, the whole descended to his son William, and that his daughter Agnes was not entitled, under our intestate acts, to any
,part of so large an estate. Now, the complaint is directly reversed, and the construction that enured to the great benefit of the
mother, is reprobated by the son claiming under her title. Yet f either of the daughters of William the second had issue survivinz the same interpretation of this will would now suit the respon-
dent's

OF THE STATE OF DELAWAE. -

XXi

dent's lessor, that, heretofore, was so advantageous to his pa-
rent. The true construction of a will is to be collected from the
words; and is not to be affected by collateral circumstances; consequently, not by events subsequent, remote, uncertain, and utterly unconnected with the contingencies alluded to in the will. 3 Peere Will. 259. Salk. 232. 235. . Burr. 1581. This rule cannot be departed from. The security of property, and the order of society, depend on an observance of the laws.
Our construction of this will, appears to us, to be strengthened
by three considerations, which we shall now mention.
1st. It is very credible, that when a persn undertakes to make a will, he means to dispose of all his property; arid, though we do not perceive any -sufficient reasons why this well-founded pfesumption might not be generally adopted as'a guide in the interpretation of wills, especially in devises to childrenand other lineal
descendants of the testator, (2) where the gifts dictated by fatherly affection, as its last acts of kindness, may justly be deemed as designed to be the most beneficial to the objects of it, if no restriction is declared; yet, it must be acknowledged, that we do not recollect any case where it has been so adopted. Judges, however, have availed themnselves of short and slight intimations
in wills to this purpoi-t; have exerted themselves to render the disposition commensurate to the intention; and have particularly relied on such words as are used in this will, "for my worldly " estate, &c." to. prove, that the testator designed to devise all his interest in an estate. Gas. temp. Talbot, lbbetson v. Beckwith.
'Tanner v. Aorse, Bernardist. Tt'nill v. Page. Cowp. 355. 1 Wilson, Grayson v. Atkinson. 3 Burr. Throgmorton v. Roliday. This inference appears to be peculiarly apposite, wrere a questlop, arises from various terms of -limitation, or expressions
tantamount, whether a devisee takes in fee simple, or in fee tail.
The respondent's counsel, though strenuous advocates for their client's pretensions, have been too candid to assert, that the estate given to William, and, according to their idea, contracted to an
estate tail, should, on failure of his issue, expand into a fee slimple in Francis. They say, "Francis Was to.take the like estate " that was limited to William, that is, an estate iail." Of course, a reversion would remain undisposed of by the testator, contrary to his design, manifested, not only by the preamble of his will, but, also, by the conclusion of it, in which last he uses these words,

1788.

(2) A remarkable distinction taken between a devise to a chila And a de. vise to a stranger, in Crole .Eliz. Fuller against Fuller. In Modei, Cases in Law and Equiy, 132. it was held, that where a settlement is made by a lineal ancestor, in consideration of the marriage of his son, all the remainders to his poarcrity are uithin the considerationof that settlement: but when it is made by a collateralancestor, after the limitations to his own children, all the remainders to his collateralkindred are voluntary.
"all

xxli

COURT Or ERRORS Axn APPEALS, &d.

1804.

" all the rest of my personalestate I give, &c." This clause, we Sbelieve, never would have been restricted to " hispersonalestate," if he had not been fully persuaded, that he had before disposed of all his real estate. Cowp. 307. 3 Burr. 1622, 1623.
2d. If it had been the intention of the testator, to give an estate tail to any of his sons, what reason can be assigned, why he did
not use plain words for that purpose? He well knew even the technical terms for creating such an estate; and repeatedlV employed them in limitations over to his daughters Eliza6eth and Conmfort, that to each of them being " to her and the lawfully begotten heirs of her body forever." But, such terms he never admitted in the devise to any of his sons, nor indeed to any of his unmarried daughters.
A case was quoted by the counsel for the respondent, from Pollexfen, to show, that where there is a variety of expression, there is a variety of intention. That case is very properly applicable here, for, difference of language, not otherwise to be accounted for, must certainly proceed from difference of meaning.
2 Wilson, 81. 3d. It is inconsistent with the testator's intention, to construe
the devise to his son William to be a fee tail, because it is inconsistent with that meaning which he himself has affixed to the
words of the devise. 2 Ab. Ca. in Eq. 298. 302. It is observable that the testator in the latter part of his will givespersonal effects
to the legatees " and their heirsforever." Though these words in such cases are not necessary; yet they incontestably show the.
donor's opinion of their force, and demonstrate his determination to give the most absolute estate he could give. The same was his
determination, as he used the same words, in the devise to his son William, and therefore the son took a fee simple.

The judgment of the Supreme Court reversed.

