SUP IVER COURT OF PENNSYLVANIA.

115

Smith versus Brodhead's Executors.

1792.

T HIS cause was tried at Berks, Fisi Prius, in October 1791,
when the jury found the following special verdict:
" The jury find, that in the vear 1785, the plaintiff sold a tract of cc land to DanielBrodhead, Esq. (the husband of Rebecca Bradchead, the defendant's testatrix) for the sum of 500!.; that the "land has since been sold, by execution, after the death of Re"becca Brodhead, the testatrix, for the proper debt of the said "Daniel, that 150. of the purchase money was paid in hand, "and the said Rebecca gave six bonds for the payment of the "residue, in annual. instalments; that the said Rebecca, at the "c time of executing the bonds, was a feme covert, living with " her husband, and continued so to do, until her death; that she cc was seised of a separate estate, under a deed of settlement, " with power, inter alia, to make a will; that by her'last will, "9duly proved, she appointed the defendant her executor, and, "1inter alia, diiected tle payment of her debts; that two of the " bonds were duly paid in the lifetime of the said Rebecca; and "the present action is brought upon another of the bonds.
" If upon the above case, the Court should be of opinion, that 'the plaintiff is entitled to recover, thejury find for the plaintiff in 'this cause 601. delt, 121. 12s. damages, and six pence costs: 'otherwise, they find for the defendant."
The general question was, whether the bond of afenze covert, sound her est~te, in the hands of her executors, under the cir4iamstances stated, in the special verdict?

For the laintzff, the case was discussed on several grounds: ls .That a Court of Chancery would give relief upon the bond. 2d. That to prevent a failure of justice, the Courts of Penn.myl.
vania will amplify their jurisdiction, upon principles of equity. 3d. That the will of the testatrix, directing the payment of debts, would make the bond a charge on the executors, as a debt in equity. And the following authorities were cited to show the
principle, on which a Court of equity would interpose; and the extent to which the Courts of Pennsylvania had exercised an .equitable jurisdiction. 1 Vez. 517. 163. Prec. Ch. 328. Gilb. Eq.
83. 2 Ve34. 193. Brown. Chan. "20. 2 Ati. 68. 1 T. Rep. 5.
Pow. on Cont. 89. 1 Dal. 213, 4. 339, 340. Eq. Rep. Gilb. 84. 1 Dal. 17. 72. 428. 2 Vern. 225. Doug. 53. Coup. 201. 4. The executors being bound to pursue the directions of the wifl, the .devisee ought not to be pernitted to resist it.

For the defendant. A Court of Chancery would not do that for the plaintiff, which would be the c.onsequence of a general judgment in his favour. The wife's engagements have never
been

,116

CAsEs RULED AND ADJUDGE IN THE'

1792. L-y--'

been satisfied in equfity, beyond her personal estate, and the rents and issues of her real estate; but a general judgment in Penn. sylvania, would bind the real estate absolutely; so that it might be taken in execution and sold. If, indeed, this were a Court of equity, the defendant might make many matters appear to rebut the plaintiff's equity, which it is too late to urge on a special verdict. And this Court, as a Court of common law, will never
co4sider bonds as appointments, when the party could not legally enter into a bond. 2 P. Wms. Norton v. Turrf. I Br. Ch. 16.
Gur. adv. vult. (1).

The Commonwealth versis Dillon. (2)
T HE prisoner (a boy about 12 years old) was indicted for arson,-in burning several stables, containing hay, &c. He
was examined before the mayor of the city of Philadelphia, on the 20th of December 1791, and then confessed the, commission of the offences, with which he was charged. But, as his own confession was the principal 'evidence (indeed there was no other positive evidence) against him, his counsel insisted, that it was, obtained under such duress, accompanied with threats and piomises, as destroyed its legal credit and validity. The evidence on that point was, substantially, as follows:
On the 18th of Decenber, the prisoner was committed to the jair of Philadelphia,and the next day was taken before the mayor; but, at that time, he made no confession. On the 18th and 19th of December he was visited and intenogated, by several respectable citizens, who represented to him the enormity of the crime; urged a free, open, *andcandid, confession-, which would so excite public compassion as, probably, to be the means of obtaining a pard on; while a contrary course of conduct would leave him, in case of a convi.tion, without hope: and they added, that they would themselves stand his friends, if he would confess. The inspe tcrs of the prison endeavoured, likewise, to obtain from him a discovery of his oflcnces, and of his accomplices. They carried him into the dungeon; they displayed it in all its gloom and horror; they said that he would be confined in it, dark, cQld, and hungry, unless-he nade a full disclosure; but if he did make a disclosure, he should be well accommodated with room, fire, and victuals,, and might expect pity and favour. The prisoner continued to deny -his guilt for sometime; and when his master visited him, he complained of the want of clothes, fire, and iour-
(1) The Reporter has not been able to trace the decision of this cause.
(2) The trial was held at a Court of Oyer and T'rniner,in Philadelphia,on the 31st of Yaanxary 1792 before M'KEAz;, Chitef Yustice, and SiIIPPEZ and
ishment..

SUPREME COURT
OF
PENNSYLVANIA.

April Term 1792.

Morris's Lessee versus Smith.

ECTMENT for 23 acres in Philadelphiacounty. It was
agreed, that 7ohn Hunt, (under whom both parties claimed)

did seised of the premises; and the lessor of the plaintiff's im-

.Ln-etudnita'steextietlceutworass,

dinerivJeudneutnedrmer

a17j8u6d,'gamt etnhte osbutiatinoefd Tahgoaminastas was an execution,

Corbin for .105L. 10.; upon which there

sheriff's sale, and a sheriff's deed to the plaintiff, dated the 5th

of June 178o.

of TrMhetYdJef'e1an7dr7ac8nh,t hrealvieindg umpaodnethhiiss swtailtle,manednt:leavTHinugnt dainedonthlye 3so1nst,

who sold and conveyed the premises to WVilliam ZblLfCulough, on tBheui2t.6thwaosf dDeeccideemdbeirn 1th7e78y, efaorr 1a78fu6al,l a(1n)d tvhaaltusaubcleh caoncsoindveeraytainocfie. by the heir at law, or devisee, was not sufficient to protect the real estate from cr~editors; and, then, the widow and executrix of

wheurnet,tackoennfesisnedexaecjuudtigomn,enant dtosoCldortbon,thuepolne.swsohricohf tthhee pprleaminitsifefs,

but, in truth, for, the widow's use. Joh2? Hunt, the father, had,

afelsaot, leftfe'Canculolonusgihd',erpaubrlceharseea,l apnrdopteortgyeitnclNea~rewof.Jtehres'ela.;wyeotf, tPoenden--

sylvania, that property was left unsold, and unappropriated; andl

the premises purued to satisfy this voluntary judgment.

But the plaintiff, to rebut the insinuation of collusion and fraud,

proved satisfactorily, that as in

nt pusrhcahdased the lands in Penntw-Jersey, with money borrowed friom

Corbin; for the sylvani amount , as of well which he had given his bond, dated

the 1st of January 1762; that sevv:ral partial payments were in-

(l)See I DJa[RLep. 170

dorsed

120

CASES RULED AND ADJUDdED IN THE

1792. dorsed on the bond; that, on the 26th of October 1768, the balance Sbeing then considerable; Hunt conveyed to Corhin a tract of land
in New-rork, and several tracts of land in New-ersey, including the greater part of the property mentioned by the defendant; that on the 6th of September 1787, the plaintiff conveyed the premises to lames Pemberto,, for the nominal consideration of five shillings; and that "Pembertonexecuted a declaration of trust, to the use of Corbin.
Upon this developement of the case, however, two points were made, and, at the request of the counsel, reserved for future argument:
1st. Whether the land could be sold by virtue of the judgment, without a scire facia; against the terre-tenant?
2d. Whether the land was liable for the testator's debts, after being aliened by the heir at law, bonafide, and for a valuable consideration?
Verdict for the plaintiff. (1)

Calhoun's Lessee versus Dunning. (2)
E JECTMENT. The inception of the plaintiff's title depend-
ed upon an extract from the record-of licences, or grants, by Blunston, dated March 1734-5, which was merely a minute in these words: "1ohnCalhoun 200 acres on Dunning'si run, called " the Dry ,5pring, between Yacob Dunning and Ezekiel Dun" nin'," By the field notes of Cookson, a surveyor, it appeared
that there was a survey of the land -on the 22d of Afarch 1743-4, for Robert Dunning; but a memorandum was afterwards made by one .3orse,a clerk to the surveyor, "that the land was claimed " by the heirs of 7ohn Calhoun." 7ohh Calhoun having entered
a caveat, the decision of the board of property was pronounced, on the 24th of November 1766, setting forth, ! that under Jhn" ston's licence, 7. Calhoun took possession and cleared ihree " acres, built a cabin, and returned to Chester county, where he "dwelt: that in 1743 one Arn.'trong got a warrant, but was told " bv Dunning that the land belonged to Calhoun, of whom he , had purchased it: that afterwards Dunninh- took out a war"rant in his own name, and got a survey made, on which a ca-
veat was enteretl against Ilim: that an ejectmznt was brought, " in which Dunning lost the possession; that Dunning then pur-
chased Armstrong's warrant, got a survey upon it, and now

(1) It doies not appear that these questions were ever argued in the present suit. But sce I Dall. Rep. 481.

(2) Decided at Carlisle, in Cumberlandcotuity, XKii Pritis, lth Iay 1792l

efqre S uirer i, nd B ROAtORD , YLutiec .

" claimed

S E E COURT OP PENNSYLVANrA.
tract: so that, it would seem, one might begin on one quarter, and another on the other quarter, till they meet.
But if the priority of improvement is clear, that being the spot designed by the improver, ought, perhaps, to be assigned to him.
It no other rule can be taken, the priority of date, ought to give the preference to the party whose warrant is oldest, to lord it as he chuses.
Verdict f6r the plaintiff, &c.

123 1792.

Massey et al. Executors of Massey versus Learning. (1)
D EBT. Plea, payment, with leave to give the will of testatrix
in evidence. The case was, simply, this: Mrs. -assey, the testatrix, was in a low state of health for some time before her death; the defendant took the charge of her affairs, and had some accounts against her; but he borrowed 1501. from her, for which he gavb a bond payable in one year, with interest. On the 5th of Yune 1784, she made her will, which was proved on the 21st of June, containing, among other things this bequest: " I give to T. Leaming, in consideration of his many services to me, 2001. in real specie; provided he brings no account against me and my estate; and if he happen to bring any account against me, or my estate, then this bequest to be -'oid;" with a devise over of the testatrix's estate. The legacy was paid tq T. Learning; the present action was brought upon his bond; and the question of law arose, whether the bequest operated as a rele.ise? The plaintiff's counsel suggested, that they were ready to prove, that there was a deficiency of assets to pay debts.
Upon this suggestion, it was agreed, that a verdict be given for the plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the Court whether the bequest was an extinguishment of the debt? If it was so considered, then the plaintiff shall be at liberty to prove a deficiency of assets, for the payment of debts.
After depending for a great period on the docket, the suit was, finally, marked " not to be brought forward."
Tilghman and Levy, for the plaintiff. Sergeant,for the defendant.
(I)Tried at Nisi Prius, iladp!dacounty, in qa1;7, 92

