MAYOR'S COURT.
April Session 1797.
The Commonwealth versus Schaffer.
T HE defendant was indicted and convicted for forging the
names of several soldiers to powers of attorney, authorising. him to demand and receive, their warrants for the donation lands, granted by acts of congress, for services during the revolutionaiy war. Dallas observed, that as the question of the commoni law jurisdiction of the federal Courts, in criminal cases, had not been decided, it was his duty, as counsel for the defendant, (without declaring his own opinion) to bring it before the Court, on the present occasion. He, therefore, moved in arrest of judgment, that the offence, charged in the indictment, arises under a law, or laws, of the United States; and is exclusively cognizable in their Courts.
After argument, the Recorder stated the facts, authorities, and principles of the case, in giving the judgment of the Court.
WILcocKs, Recorder. The offences charged against the defendant in the indictment, are forge-ries, committed in forging the names of Allen Fox, .Ebenezer Dr. ke, Robert .Ratterby, and Samuel Griswald,to four several pow.rs of attorney, to demand and receive from"the UnitedState.. -o- r each of them, 100 acres of land; they having all been soldiers, who enlisted to serve during the late war with Great Britain, and who served through the war; and, in consequenc-, under various acts of congress, each of them was entitled to a donation of 100 acres of land.
In support-of this motion ii arrest of judgment, made by Mr. Dallas)the constitution of the UnitedStates has been cited. Art. 3. s. 2. p. 12. Th!- Y-idiciary Act of Congress, s. 9. p. 97. s.
11. P. 98, 99. s. Pp4. . 112. 2 vol. Resolves of Congress, 16th
Sept.

MAYOR'S COURT OP PUILADELPHIA.

Xxvii

·Sept. 1776. p. 357, 8. p. 361. 18th Sept. 1776. p. 365. !20th Sept. 1776. p. 456. 12th Nov. 1776. p. 438. 30th Oct 1776. Laws of U. S. p. 151. s. 14. Const. U. S. art. 1. s. 8. 4 Black. Com. 245.
It has been contended that, under the 2d section of the 3d article of the constitution of the United States, its judicial power extends, inter alia, to all cases arising under the constitution and laws of the United Stqtes.
By the resolutions of congress in 1776 referred to, ;t was shown, that the soldiers, who enlisted to serve during the war, and served to the end of it, were, individually, entitled to a do-
nation of 100 acres of land from congress. It has been said that an inspection of the indictment will show,
that the crimes charged against the defendant, consisted in forging certain writings, which, by the rules of office, were necessary
to obtain from congress the soldier's right to lands. For this reason, and because the soldier's rights to lands are derived under the resolves or acts of congress, the conclusion is drawn, that a state Court has no cognizance of this crime, because it arises out of a
law of the UnitedStates. The 9th section of the judiciary law of the UnitedStates, it is
alleged, gives to the District Court, exclusive of the state Courts, cognizance of all crimes and offences that shall be cognizable under the authority of the United States, where the punishment
is whipping under thirty stripes, &c. And s. 11. p. 99. gives to the CircuitCourt exclusive cognizance of all crimes and offences cog. nizable under the authority of the United States, except tyhere that act otherwise provides, or the laws of the United States
otherwise direct. It was contended that, for the reasons before recited, showing
that the offence arose out of a law of the UnitedStates, that, there. fore, the Courts of the United States had cognizance of it. And that, by the 9th and 1lth sections of the judiciary law, their cognizance was declared to be exclusive of the state Courts, unless otherwise provided by that, or some other, law of the United States; and it was said that no such provision had been made, therefore the conclusion was, that the state Courts had no juris-
diction of this offence. In answer to an objection, that the laws and constitution of
the UnitedStates no. where defined the crime offorgery, in such manne" as to comprehend the offence charged in'the indictment;
nor was the common law of England,relating to crimes and offences, extended to the United States; nor was there any law of the United States which prescribed a punishment for jorgeries gcnt:ally:
The act of congress for punishing certain crimes against the UnitedState.s, Las of Uuited States, s. 14. p. 151. and against forgery of indents or public sevurities of the United States were
cited,

1797o

Xviii

MAYOR'S COURT OP PH1ILAdL~TIA.

1-197. k

cited, and the judiciary law, s. 34. p. 112. which says that the laws of the several states, except where the constitution, treaties,
or statutes, of the UnitedStates, shall otherwise require, shall be regarded as the rules of decision, in trials at common law, in the
Courts of the United States. It has been inferred from hence, that the rule of punishment,
in this case, would be the rule of the common law if it obtained in the state, or such rule as the law of the state provided. 4 B1.
Corn. 245. has been referred to for the definition and punishment
of forgery at the common law.
.-lenfield's case has been referred to, which was an indictment in the Circuit Court of the United States, for a misdemeanor;
that he, being a citizen of the United States, entered on board a French privateer, to cruize against the British, with whom the
United States were at peace under a treaty.
Ravara's case was, also, cited, who was a consul from the state of Genoa to the UnitedStates, .nd indicted in the District
Court of the United States, for a misdemeanor in sending a threatening letter to Benjamin Holland, for the purr ose of obtain. ing money from him.
It was said, that there was no pct of congress which eitherde, fined the offence, or the punishment, in those cases; but it was sa.a, that the common law would give the rule for both.
It was argued, that whatever was necessary to the existence of the UnitedStates, must not depend upon the state Courts. That this offence was committed in prejudice, and to the injury, of the Uqited States, and, therefore, the jurisdiction of it belongs to the Courts of the UnitedStates.
That tnder the constitution -of the UnitedStates, no power is given to punish the offence of stealing records, robbery, perjury, and the laws of congress, p. 153. prescribe the punishment of these offences, in particular cases.
As the laws of congress have made provision, in these cases, without an), power given by the constitution expressly for the purpose; in the same manner, the authority of congress is competent to declare, by law, how the offence charged against .ohn Schaer, shall be tried and puhished. And, therefore, it is an offence not of state cognizance, but ought to be tried in the
Courts of the UnitedStates only. Mr. Ingersolland Mr. Thomas, in support of the jurisdiction of
the Court, referred.to the following authorities. Const. of U. S. art. 3. s. 2. art. 1. s. 8. p. 8. No. 10. 12th Am.end.-Const. U.
S. Resol. of Cong. vol. 8. p. 289. 4th )uy 1783. lb. vol. 10o p. 366. 1st Aug. 1786. lb. voh 12. p. 114. 23d Yuly 1787. 2 vol. Laws of Cong. p. 49. 52. 154, 2 vol. Federalist,p. 323, .324. Gonst. U. S. art. 1. s. 8. No. 6. Laws of U. S. s. 16.
p. 151.
From

MAYOR 3 COURT OP PHILAMnLPHIA.

"Xxx.

From these sources, a system of argument has been drawn, which, as it has been generally adopted by the Court (in the
sentiments they have formed) I shall forbear to state it minutely, but proceed to deliver the opinion of the Court on the case be-
fore them. The soldierwho enlisted to serve during the war, and afterwards
continued to serve to the end of it, had a right to demand and receive from the United States, a promised donation of 100 acres of land. This right had its inceptioh under several resolutions of congress, passed in the year 1776, and it became a perfect right
at the close of the war in the yehr 1783. The commonwealth of Pennsylvania,for a long course ot tame
before the revolution down to the present di-, has always had subsisting laws, competent to the trial, and punishment, of every spcles of forgery that could be fabricated. In the year 1789, when the constitution of the UnitedStates was completely organized, it found this commonwealth in full possession of juri.vdic. lion over this forgery. And as offences on this subject may have occurred after the peace, and betore the existence of the present constitution, it is possible that some instances of prosecutions on similar papers, may have taken place in the Courts of this state, before the establishment of it, as several have been known to take place, in this Court, since that period; particularly in the cases of Dixen, and M'Conchlan and Wife.
The important question is, What has been the effect of the constitution of the United States (and the laws which have been enacted under it) to divest this commonwealth of a jurisdiction of which, at the time it was made, it found the state constitu-
tionally possessed.
The 1st and 3d articles of the constitution of the UnitedStates, principally'affect this question; they respect the legislative and judicial powers, and contain an extensive enumeration of subjects., whereon their legislative power may be exercised, and to which the judicial power shall extend, and it is reasonable to say, that there may be powers which are not enumerated in it, but ought to be considered as granted by the constitution; for instance,
those (if such there be) which are essential to the independence of the government, to its protection and defence, to such as grow out ofthe constitution, and out of the constitutionallaws of Con.
gress.
If it be true, that this offence may be considered as growing Out of an act of congress, because, if congress, had never engaged io give lanas to soldiers of a particular description, there never could have been a forgery of such a power of attorney: yet, it still remains a question, whether, undek' all existing circumstances,
this court has jurisdiction. If the authority of congress is competent to declare the false'
making such a paper to be a crime 'offoraerq, to preseribe its punishment.

1797. --

xxx

TAYOR S COURT Or PHILADELPHIA.

i79r punishment, and to appoint the place of trial to be in the courts ~of the. Uzited States, exclusively of the state courts; yet, on examination, it will be found, that congress has not, by any act, legisl'ted on any of these points. No act of congress, has, either defin;tely or by general dcscription, made the false fabrication of such a writing to he a forgery, nor has any act declared how such a forgery or Ibrgerics, generally, shall be punished. No act has given jurisdiction to any court, either concurrent or exclusive, to try the crimes of forgeries generally. If these positions be true, they tend to shew it doubtful, whether, at this day, under the existing laws of the UnitedStates, this for.gery could be tried and punished in their courts; however, future
laws may make them so.
To saky that the constitution of the United States, operated any abridgment of the jurisdiction of the state courts, as to crimes generally, of forgery, peijury, larceny, merely because they re. lated to the interest or concerns of the United States, or their officers, acting under their laws, before they themselves, by their
own acts, shall have provided for the punishment of such crimes, and taken order as to the jurisdiction of them, would le-ad to this consequence, that for a time, consistent with such doctrine, some crimes, would, by law, be subject to no prosecution or punish-
ment.
In the 2d vol. of the Federalist,page 323, 324; which may be called a commentary on the constitution of the United Statis,
contemporary with it, it is held that "1the states retain all pre"existing authorities which may not be exclusively delegated t6 "the federal head; and that this exclusive delegation can only
"exist in one of three ways;- 1. where an authority is in express "terms granted to the union; 2. or where a particular authority "i1s granted to the union, and the exercise of a like authority is "prohibited to the states; 3. or where an authority is granted to "the union, with which a similar authority in the states would "be utterly incompatible. Though these principles may not apply "with the same force to the judiciary as to the legislative power, "yet I am inclined to think, that they are, in the main, just, "Cwih respect to the former as well as the latter; and, unuer this -1impression, I shall lay it down as a rule, "That the state courts "will retain the jurisdiction they now have, unless it appears to "be taken away in one of the enumerated ways."
Paoe 324. " I 'am even of opinion, that, in every case in which they are not expressly excluded by the futu-e acts of the na'I tional legislature, they will, of course, take cognizance of the , causes to which those acts may give birth." But the present case is not one of those which comes within the exceptions of that writer. 1st. Tht jurisdittion.of this crime is not excliisively granted to the iunion. 2d. It is not prohibited to the states. :-1d. Nor, if it is granted to the union, is it a case 'ehere a similar authority in the states would be incompatible.
In

MAYOR'S COURT OF PIIILADELPHIA.

%xxxi

In the act of congress,'p. 147. "for the punishment of certain crimes," the murders, or larcenies, there mentioned, are such as may be committed within forts, arsenals, dock-yards, federal district, places ceded by the states to the United States, or upon the high seas, perjuries "intheir own Courts of justice under any act of congress, forgeries of indents or public securities. In ge. neral they are those subjects submitted by the constitution to be legislated upon by them, and made subject to their judicial authority. Congress having exercised their power over many subjects submitted by the constitution, and to some arising under
their laws; but never having touched the present subject, of which this state had a pre-existitig cognizance, it may be considered as casrs omnissus by their laws; and until they shall, by some future act, exercise their authority over the subject bv designating the crime, prescribing the punishment, and giving tothe Courts of the United States exclusive jurisdictlon, this Court may, constitutionally, take cognizance of the cause, and pfunish the offence, by the laws of this state.
Therefore the 1 th section of the judiciary act, which gives to the Circuit Court exclusive cognizance of all crimes and offences cognizable under the authority of the United States, may be reasonably supposed.not to have contemplated this case, which by no act of congress is designated as a crime, nor has it any appointed punishment.
The prosecution against Henfield, in the Circuit Court, was for a violation of his duty, as a citizen of the United States, in entering on board. a French privateer, and cruizing against the subjects of .the king of Great Britain, with whom, the United States were at peace, under the sanction of a. treaty. This was contrary to the law of nations, to the treaty, and against the, onstitution of the United States. This was not a crime resuhing from the regulations of an act of congress.
Ravara was a public minister, a consul, and, therefore, the ju-
risdiction over him by the constitution was expressly to be exercised by the Courts of the UnitedStates. Neither of these cases
rests upon the principles on which the present case stands, and, therefore, are no authorities.
The 34th section of the judiciary act, p. -112. which says that the laws of the several states, except where the constitution, treaties, or statutes, of the United States shall otherwise direct, shall be .regarded as the rules of decision, in trials.at common law, in
the Courts of the United States, plainly refers to trials of a civil. natute, according to the course of the common law, and not to the trial of crimes by the rules of the common law.
Upon this comprehensive view of the question, the Court are of opinion, that they are competent to the jurisdittion of this
cause, and, therefore, do over-rul: the motion that has bcen made in arrest of judgment, founded on the objection to their want of
jurisdiction.

1797. -

330

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1797.
Maxfield's Lessee ersus Levy (1).
The Same versus The Same.
T HE opinion of the Court was delivered in this case, in the
following terms;
.IREDtLL, fustice. A motion was made for a 'rule to show cause, why these ejectments should not be dismissed, upon an allegation that it appeared, by an answer to a bill in equity, for a
discovery in this court, brought by the defendants in these eject. ments, against the fessor of the plaintiff, that they are-in reality the suits of a citizen of this state (viz. Samuel Wallis) though u.nder the name of a citizen of another state, to whom it is alleged, conveyances were made without any consideration, for the sole purpose of making him a nominal lessor of the plaintiff in these ejectments. *A rule to show cause was granted, and, upon the day appointed, the case was fully heard and argued on both sides, the proceedjngson equity on the bill for a discovery having been exhibited to the Court and read.
The importance of the present question is evident, because it ·concerns the constitution and laws 'of the United States, in a point highly esstntial to their welfare, to wit, the proper boun. daries between the authority of a single state, and that of the
United Stales. This, not only the constitution itself has been anxious to ascer-
tain"by precise and particular definitions, but the .congress, in carrying into effect that part of the constitution which concerns the judiciary, has been solicitous to preserve with the greatest c ution. The strong instance of this is a provision in the judicial act, to the following effect:
"cThat no district or circuit Court shall have cognizance of any "suit to recover the contents of any promissory 'note, or other cchose in action, in favour of an assignee, unless a suit might "have been prosecuted in such Court to recover the said con. " tents, if no assignment had been made, except in cases* of " foreign bills of exchange." Sect. 11. 1 vol. p. 55.
This I adduce as a strong instance to show the solicitude of congress on this subject, for the regulation extends to a bonelijde assignim'ent in the instancz specified, as well as to one nzalaf'de: but 'the provision goes to all, more effectually to prevent any practices of deception by means of the latter.

(1) An outline of this cause was given in 2 Dall.Rep. 381. but I comply with the subsequent request of the presiding Judge, (whose death was greatly lameuted by the bencb and the bar) in publishing the opinion of the Court
a large.
Nothing

CIRCUIT COURT, PENNSYLVANIA DISTRICT.
Nothing is more evident than that if this be a controversv between citizens of different states, it is a controversy determinable in this Court, and of which, therefore, the Court must sustain jurisdiction. *On the other hand, if it be not a controversy between citizens of different states, but between citizens of the same state, it not being one of those cases which entitle citizens of the same state to any exercise of jurisdiction by this Court, it ought not to be determined here.
But if it shall appear, from a consideration of the facts, that this is not a case which the lessor of tie plaintiff was entitled to bring into this Court, it will still remain to be inquired, whether the remedy pursued on the present occasion is proper.
The first question, therefore, is, Whether it sufficiently appears to the Court, that this is a controversy subsisting between citizens of the same state, and not between citizens of different states, so as to authorise a dismission of the suit, in case the remedy be in point of law a proper one?
The evidence, upon which the charge is alleged,. is an answer to a bill filed in the equity side of this Court by the defendants in the ejectments, in order to obtain a discovery by the oath of the lessor of the plaintiff.
This is admitted to be competent evidence on a question at law, and therefore (supposing the method of proceeding in other respects proper) I am only to consider, if it affords satisfactory'
evidence of the facts suggested: The facts admitted by the answer, in substance, are these: That there were certain applications to the' laid-office of this
state for 64 tracts of land, in the county of Luzerne, containing 27,400 acres: That the applications were made Cas the responddent has been informed and believes) by and for the use of Samuel Wallis of the county of NorthumbeHand in this state: That in April 1784, conveyances were executed to Ala.x-qie the present lessor of the plaintiff, by which the legal title to the lands
therein described was conveyed and assigned to Maxfield, as lie apprehends and believes. That Jla.ie paid no consideration,
either pecuniary, or of any other nature, for the lands, and, therefore, he apprehends and believes, that the equitable title is in Samuel Walis. That .Iaaxfeld consented to stmid the trustee of the: lands, for the use and benefit of IVallis, and left the management, direction, and prosecution, of the business to Vallis, by whose direction lllaAfTeld apprehends and believes, that the caveats mentioned in the complainant's bill were filed, and all subsequent proceedings had.
In comparing the facts thus admitted, with the bill he was called upon to answer, it is very remarkable, that the last interrogatory was expressed in such particular and pointed terms, that if it had been directly and positively answered, it would have
been

331
1797.

332-

CASEd RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1197. L

been decisive one way or the other. But it is not so answered, and his own counsel now object, that he did not-answer directly to the question, and, therefore, the only remedy was to except to
the answer for insufficiency, .and compel a better answer.
This objection, I think, may be easily obviated by the follow-
in.g considerations. Ist. If the question had been an improper one, it might have
been demurred to. By that not being done, it is confessed that the question was proper, and of course it ought to have been an. swered. And it is little short of an insult on the Court Dow to tell it', that the lessor of the plaintiff purposely declined answering a question fairly put to him, which he might and ought to have answered, but by his not doing it he now sets the Court at
defiance. 2d. If for want of a fuller answer, no evidence was before the
Court, the objection might possibly be of weight. But all the other facts admitted by the answer, are open to all proper in"ferences, as well such as arise from this wilful and insolent omis-
sion, as from any other part of the case. The object was to effect a discovery, whether certain conveyances were actually given for the sole purpose of evading the constitutional limits', as to juris-
diction, prescribed to this Court. Such a design c6uld be expected
only to be disclosed by direct confession, or a number of concur-
ring circumstances. 3d. It does not appear that he will ever give a better answer.
He may chuse to go through all the processes of contempt for not answering sufficiently, as he appears -alreadyto have done for not answering at all. He may even submit to perpetual imprison. mcnt. Is the case never to be decided, until he thinks fit to con-
sent it shall be? 4th. The jurisdiciion of this Court is not primafacie general,
but special. A man must assign a good reason for coming here. If the fact is denied, upon which he grounds his right to come here,, he pust prove it. He, therefore, is the actor in the proof; and, consequently, he-has no right, where the point is contested, to throw the onus probandion the defendant. As this undoubtedly is the general principle, I see no reason to depart from it on thp present occasion, when the knowledge of all the circtimstancesof the case is fully possessed by the lessor of the plaintiff, and he is regularly called upon to disclose them.
or these reasons, I am clearly of opinion, that Mtfaxftld's

forbearing to give a fuller answer, is no reason for my not we h.

ing the amount of the answ.er, which he has thought proper to give; 'and considering whether it sufficiently establishes the alle-

gations of the defendants in these causes.

But it is objected, that Maxfield's answer, though evidence

against him, is no evidence against Wallis, who is said to be the

cetui que trust, and Maxfeld a bare trustee.

Answer

CiRiUut ° COURT, PENNSYLVANIA DISTRICT.

33

Answer. Upon the face of these ejectments Walliv's name no where appears. Maxfield, therefore, is the only person to be considered here. If a cestui que trust has a right to support an ejectment, but is forced, upon legal principles, to use the name of his trustee, he must take the consequences. This Court, as a
Court of law, cannot punish the trustee for a breach'of trust, though in another capacity it may. But if it had been material to have made Vallis a party, a great, if not an insuperable, difficulty has been alleged in doing it. Wallis and the defendants be!ngcitizens of the same state, it is very doubtful whether a bill in equity would have lain against Walli. in this Court, though it was merely incidental to the suit at law. But, it is clear, that the objection in this case is merely frivolous, because upon the return of the rule to show cause, an ex parteaffidavit might be produced.
W~allis's affidavit undoubtedly might have been, as well as any others. Why has it not been? No reason has been assigned to show it could not be done, or that he desired, or that his counsel wished, he should do it. Nor has time been solicited for his putting in such an affidavit, though it is so seriously allegedthat it was highly important to him to have had an opportunity of answering this charge.
It is alleged, that Mfaxfeld was a trustee, and as such authorised to come into this Court.
A trustee fof what purpose? There is not the least shadow of evidence, that he was a trustee for any other purpose, than that Vallis should have a colour for suing in this Court, in his name, The deed is not even stated to have been delivered. No fair object of the trust is specified. Wallis lived in Pennsylvania; the land lies in Pennsylvania:Zliaxfteld lived in Delazbare.What was he to do? It appears, from his own acknowledgment, that
he has done nothing hitherto, nor does he state he was to do any thing.
But, it is said, a man is not obliged to specify any object of a trust. He may create a trust from mere whim.
Admitted. But the law cannot, without absurdity, permit a man to create a trust, for the purpose of defeating a solemn provision of its own. Nothing cpuld be more ridiculous than such a principle. When the constitution has guarded, with the utmost
solicitude, against the exercise of a particular authority, so as that, under certain circumstances, one man shall not sue another in a Court created under it, can such a Court for a moment support a doctrine, that it shall be in the power of such a man, by any contrivanceexpressly calculated to defeat this object, to render it wholly nugatory? This, irideed, would be to render the laws of our country a farce; to make the constitution a mere shadow; and deservedly to draw upon those entrusted with -its execution, an odium which has been industriously, but, I hope. will ever be in vain attempted.

1797. %

3011

CASEs RULED AND ADjUDG]fD IN TIU

1197. But it is said, the system of fictions is not new; and an attempt ihas been gravely made to induce this Court, by flattering expressions, to add to the list of fictions in being, one of its own, in the face of the constitution we are sworn to support, and by every
other sacred tie bound to maintain inviolate. It is true, the Courts- of law in England have countenanced
and supported some fictions. Such (for instance) as a fine and recoverv,'and an ejectment; and, still more exceptionably, fictions to give a jurisdiction, which otherwise could not be maintained. It is sufficient to say of all these, that they originally took place, when very dark notions of law and liberty were entertained; that they are supported now solely on the authority of long usage; and that no Court would now dare to set up a new one.
No Court in America ever vet thought, nor, I hope, ever will, of acquiring jurisdiction by a fiction. And the only fiction ever in general use in America (perhaps with a few exceptions as to fines and recoveries) I believe, has been that of proceeding by ejectment, which is a mere form of action, and so modified as to'do no possible injury. It cannot substantially affect any man's right
whatever.
In order to encourage the Court to countenance this scheme, it is said that no injury can arise from this practice, because the decision in this Court will be on the same principles, and, it is to be presumed, with an equal regard to justice, in this Court, as in
a state Court. If a serious answer to such an observation is required, it is
.urelv evident, that we are not to assume a voluntary jurisdiction, because, we think, or any others may think, it may be exercised innocently, or even wisely. The Court is not to fix the hounds of its own jurisdiction, according to its own discretion.
A jurisdiction assumed without authority, would be equally an usurpation, whether exercised wisely, or unwisely. But the fact assumed cannot be admitted to be true. If this Court exercise a iurisdiction in such a case, it may do so after all avenues to a
state jurisdiction are for ever closed. That is alleged to be the fact in the present instance. There are, also, other differences, such as regard the place of trial, the venue of the jurors, and other circumstances omitted to be mentioned, because this part of"the case is too plain to require any formal discussion.
On this occasion, it may be material to consider whether, on the facts now apparent to the Court, MAaxfield has any title, either in equity, or at law; because, if he has not, it is evident, the title to be contested must be Wallis', and not his; and, of course the subject matter to be decided, is- a title in question between two
citizens of the same state.
Ist. As to equity. He has none by his own acknox,(edgment. He paid no conideration. *He is to perform no duty. He only permits his name
to

.CIRCUIT :OURT, P NNSYLVANIA ' ISTRICT.

335

to be used, for the support of a fraud on the jurisdiction of the 1797. Court; a purpose which a Court of equity would reject with the
highest disdain.
2d. As little, in rty opinion, can he support any title at law. Ist. Consider this as a mere birgain and sale. A bargain and sale is of no validity, where no money has been paid. Nothing
gives a legal title under the act of . 8. (concerning uses) which was not an equitable one before that statute. At that time no bargainee could have compelled a bargainor to convey, who had received no money. Therefore, since the statute, no use can arise on such a deed, without some money to support it.
2d. Allowing the highest efficacy to this deed under the act of assembly. This can only mean, that what a man can lawfully grant by any form of conveyance, shall be sufficiently granted in
this form. Of course, if under any other form of conveyance, owing to technical difficulties, such a purpose could succeed with-
out redress, a deed, professedly a bargain and sale, is not to have its influence extended, merely that an illegal purpose should take effect, under colour of form. The intent of the act certainly wds, that the want of form should not defeat the intention of an honest, but unskilful conveyance; but surely not to smooth the path of injustice, by converting a rightful estate into a wrongful one.
3d. But admitting it to be any form of conveyance you please, then I say, that a Court of law will not, any more than a Court of equity, support a deed formally good,but substantiallyfraudulent.
And whether the fraud be of a moral nature, for the purpose of doing a wilful injustice, or the act be, as the lawyers term it, ;n firaudem legis (that is, to evade some law) the law will equally interpose, to prevent its own principles from beihg made mere
instruments, to defeat its own purposes. There is no act in law, within my recollection, which fraud
will not vitiate. It will vitiate a feoffment, which. is a very strict conveyance,
requiring no consideration, and passes by an actual livery. It will vitiate a fine, though a solemn transaction in a C.ourt of
justice, and peculiarly favoured. It will even deprive a party.of the benefit of a judgment de-
liberatqly given.
Conveyances to defeat creditors (however formally agreeable to law) are held absolutely void,-at least as against them.
So, also, in the common case of usury, for which so many contrivances have been devised. No contrivance, no colour, no"
form whatever, can protect any transaction, which really appears to have been usurious, from being declared so.
The application of these principles is obvious.
If (as I observed before) the deed in question is to be considered as a mere bargain and sa!i, , is abso utely void for want
of a legal consideration (which must be money alone) to support
it.

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED 7N THE

1797.

it. If it is to be considered as any other kind of conveyance, it. SRaving no consideration whatever but an illegal one (that of defeating the constitution and laws of the United States in a most essential point) it is at least void as to that purpose, and, there-
fore, does not authorise Max0eldto come into this Court. I, therefore, conclude without difficulty, that Maxfeld has
neither a legal, nor an equitable, title to authoris6 him to come into this Court.
The only remaining consideration is, as to the remedy, which,
from the first, was the only difficulty'I found. I wiil venture to lay it down as an unquestionable principle,
,that no grievance can arise in the law, but some remedy may be applied to it. The present grievance, therefore (which, if unredressed, will, in any case like the present, enable two persons, at their pleasure, to do injustice to a third, and force this Court to exercise a jurisdiction never delegated to it) must admit of some
remedy. Only three have been suggested, in the present stage of the
proceeding. ist. The method now under consideration.
24. A plea to the jurisdiction. 3d. An injunction in equity.
I will consider the two last first; for, if they are removed out of the way (as I think they must be) it will facilitate our conside-
ration of the first.
As to a plea to the jurisdiction. This can be of no avail, unless not only the fact, at the proper time of pleading, be known to the defendant, but that he has disinterested proof of it. This, in a thousand instances, would be impossible; and in no instance can be expected. To insist' on this, therefore, as the only me. thod, would lei,e the onstitutlon, and the law, in almost every
instance, open to certain evasion. It consequently cannot be ad.
nitted, that this is the only method of redress.
With regard to a bill in equity. I will not say, equity ought not to interpose a remedy in any case. But it seems most proper, that a Court of law should support its own jurisdiction, on its own principles, and, if proof can be obtained, I conceive it is necessarily incident to every Court to take care, that its jurisdiction be not encroached upon, or in other words, that the Court be not made either voluntarily, or involuntarily (if it can prevent it) an usurper of jurisdiction not belonging to it. In this case, the aid of equity may be useful (as it has been on the present occasion) in compelling a discovery; but there, I think, its interference ought to stop, unless the power of the law Court over the action has entirely ceased; as for instance, after a judg-
ment, in which case (but in: which, perha s, alone) equity might
properly grant an injunction, to prevent a party availing himself ")fhis own fraud.
Th*

CIRCUIT COURT, PENNSYLVANIA DISTRICT.

33

The only remaining remedy suggested (or whicb occurs to

me) in the present stage of the proceeding, is that now under

consideration; and, of course, this must be adopted, if an inter-

ference by the Court in the present stage of the cause is proper.

It is, however, objected, that the Court ought not t6 interiere

at present, but permit the case to go before the jury, who may'

find for the defendants, if they believe the facts suggested, and

apply the law accordingly.

If this case had, indeed, gone before.the jury, I shotild have

had no difficulty in telling them, that admitting the truth of the

facts as stated, the lessor of the plaintiff had, in mv opinion, no

title; and, if the jury had found accordingly, redress (though

late) could be obtained.

But, at present, I do not think myself at liberty to submit the

case to the jury, for the following reasons.

Ist. The Court is the proper guardian of its own jurisdiction.

It is alone responsible for it, and must, therefore, take care that

it neither abandons a jurisdiction rightfully belonging to it, nor

usurps that which does not.

2d. Admitting that a plea to the jurisdiction is *notthe only

remedy, for the reasons I have given, upon complaint made

bf any fraud on the jurisdiction having been practised, if the

complaint is supported on good grounds, it is just that an im-

mediate inquiry, should be made into it, in order that if any

injury to a party has been hitherto unavoidably sustained by

any such fraud, it may be put a stop to, as soon as possible.

To compel a party, in such a case, to stay in Court, until a jury

shall be summ6ned and convened, to try a general issue, would

be a voluntary exercise of jurisdictibn, after the Court enter-

tained reason to doubt, at least, whether they had any.

3d. To swear a jury is an exercise of jurisdiction. With what

propriety can I order that, after being fully convinced from evi-

dence, admitted to be competent, that the Court hath no juris-

diction at all?

4th. Suppose the jury in this case should find for the plaintiff,

when the Court was thoroughly convinced it had no jurisdiction

of the cause! Can the Court give judgment for the plaintiff in

such a case? Surely not. If, therefore, a verdict to that effect,

could produce no good, why should a verdict be required. of

them? Because this would not be an ordinary case concerning a

new trial; in which case, after two or three verdicts the same

way, a Court might be compelled to stop, and proceed no fur-

ther. But if there were a hundred verdicts in ti case, in their

opinion, not within their jurisdiction, they could not give judg-

ment without voluntarily usurping a power not belonging to them.

5th. In this case there is no occasion for a jury to Ir!; the

facts, because the facts are not denied, and the Court surely will

VOL. IV.

2 X

not

1797.

338

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THII

1797. -

not call a jury to decide a question of law, and a question which, as I have just observed, they could not decide finally.
llxfaield's allegations in this case, are either a direct confession, or as to some points (if the expression is proper) a nil dicit.
In neither case is a jury wanting. A complete denial can alone
entitle a party to have facts tried by a jury. There is no denial in this case but of the merits, upon which a jury can be sworn; which certainly would be premature when facts had ahread;been confessed sufficient to oust the jurisdiction. Had he positively
denied, indeed, the allegations of the bill in equity, the jury must have been swom; for, as a Judge, I certainly could not, 3n any shape, determine on an issue of fact.
But as he has not- thought proper to deny them, but, in my opinion, substantially confessed every thing, to show that the Court had no jurisdiction of the cause; I consider myself bound to order these ejectments to be dismissed, and do accordingly order them to.be dismissed with costs. (1)

Here one of the counsel inierfered, and asked the Judge whether he would order costs in a case where he declared the Court had no jurisdiction.

The Judge answered, That that circumstance did .not occur to him; he acknowledged he had committed a mistake in that part of the order. But, if it was in his power, he would order double costs. (2)

(1) Mr. "illant Tilghman, one of the counsel for the defendants, quoted a case-in Saviry's Reports, p. 12. which Judge IItEDELL thought much in point, and meant to have declared so, in delivering his opinimli, but inadvertently omitted it.
See Worlay v. Harrison, Dyer, 249. 2 Inst. 215. 21 Vinc, 535, 536. tit. racat.
(2) In the case of Bowne', Lessee v. AurbucAle, in the Circuit Court, at October.term'1806, it appeared, upon bUl and ansu er on the cqui'y side of the *Court, that th0 lessor of the plaintiff" was a citizen of the state of 24ew-1trrk, and the defendant was a citizen of Pennsylvania; that the f,-mcr w:-s a member of the population company, who hhd purchased extensive tracts of land, on the north-western bohndary of Penneylania; that the land, so purcha.ed, was held by trustees (all citizens of Penns. vania) for the use of the company; that the trustees had conveyed to the lessor of the plaintiff his puvtion of thie land (including the premises mentioned in the deClaratiun) bi severalty; and that the present ejectment was founded upon that conveyance.
The defendant, upon these facts, and upon the authority of Jrax"el'sLesoee v. Lev , and Hurst v. Hurst, moved to strike from the record this ejectment, ana others in the same predicament. But the motion was over-ruled by the Court; and this distinction taken:
WASHINGTrON, YuStdCe. In the cases cited, the dbeds were executed, with a collusive intention, to give a jurisdictiori to the Court, which the Court could not possess without them. The objection proceeded on tt-o grounds: 1st. On the equity of the statute provision, which declares, that a suit shall not be maintained in a federal Caurt, by the assignee of a promissory note, or other-chose in action (with the single exception of foreign bills of excha,-e)
unless

CIRcUIT COURT, PENNSYLVANIA DISTRICT.

339

unless it could have been brought there, by the original party. And, 2d. On the manifest attempt, by a fraud, to create jurisdiotion. But in the case now under consideration, the lessor of the plaintiff would have had a right, as a citizen of Nev-2ork, to apply to the equity side of the Court, to compel the trustees to convey his share of the trust estate to him: and if the trustees have only voluntarily made a conveyance, which the Court would have decreed, surely we cannot call it a fraudulent deed, or refuse to take cognizance of a suit founded upon it, between a citizen of Nct:-2 rk and a citizqn of Pe.n-
,t;'Iavia.

1797.

