SUPREME COURT
OF
PENNSYLVANIA.
March Term 1799.
M'Clay versus Hanna et a.
T HIS was an appeal from the Orphan's Court of Daupht
county, under the following circumstances: Yohn Harris, by his will dated the 25th of May 1790, proved 2d of Azugst 1791, bequeathed all his personal estate to his sons David, Robert, and Yames-, and his daughters Alary AI'Clay and Juary Hanna, to be equally divided between them. He, also, ordered his executors to sell all his lands not otherwise disposed of by his will, and divide the proceeds as aforesaid: He directed his executors to settle their accounts, in the Orphan's Court, in one year after his decease, and continue to settle an account annually until the estate was finally settled.
In _anuary 1795, a citation was issued.at the request of WilNam Mi'Clay, one of the executors of Yohn Harris, against David Harris,Robert Harris,Yohn Andrew Hanna, 7o.-ep/ Mori, and Yohn 1IJ'Clay, the other executors, to appear at 'the next Orphan's Court for Dauphin county, to make a full disclosure of all effects and estate of the deceased, which have come to their hands, possession, or knowledge, and settle and abide the order and judgment of the Court on the premis-s. The cause came to a hearing in the Orphan's Court, in Septemltber 1795; when a motion was made by Af'Clay's counsel that Robert Harris and ,ohn A. fanna should answer,, on oath, to a charge of having received money for the sale of sundry lots, which had been conveyed to them by the testator, by absolute deed, on a secret trust, to be accountable for the proceeds of the sales: and that they should bring the said proceeds into their administration account, and charge themselves therewith. The Court deternined, 1st. That the said Harris and Hanna, should not be obliged to answer on their oath to the saxid charge: and, 2d. That the plaintiff
should

CASES RULED AND ADJUDOED, & c.
should not be allowed to produce evidence, to substantiate the truth of his charge against the said 7ohn A. Hanna; but that the account of the said Harris and Hanna, as then exhibited to the Court, should be received and passed. The plaintiff appealed from this judgment; and the cause comes upon the ap-
peQ'
After argument by W. Tilghman and Dallas, for the appellant; and by Ingersoll,for the appellees, the COURT dismissed the appeal, because it did not appear, that the Orphan's Court had pronounced a definitive decree.

161 199.

Ewalt's Lessee versus Highlands. (1)
E JECTMENT for 400 acres of land at Gerty's Run, across the Alleghany, the plaintiff claiming under settlement and
survey. From the evidence it appeared, that, on the 30th of April 1792, the lessor of the plaintiff passed the Alleghany, with two hands, to make an improvement; that they deadened about one acre of wood, returned, and, about two weeks afterwards, went over again, and deadened a little more wood; that a cabin was erected, with a clap-board roof, eight feet square; and logs cut out for a door; that a few peach stones, apple seeds, and potatoes were planted; but no other improvements were made; and neither the lessor of the plaintiff, nor any tenant for him, resided on the land. On the 9th of April 1794, a survey was made by 7onathan,Leet, the deputy surveyor of the district, under this settlement. On the 10th of February1796, Ewalt leased the land to P. Smith, who went over the Alleghany, kindled a fire in the cabin, staid there an hour, and'then removed; but Ewalt, and his family, constantly resided on the east side of the river; while, on the other hand, the defendant and his family lived for three years on the premises.
1st. When Leet's survey was offered in evidence, the defendant's counsel objected; but it was admitted by the COURT, upon the ground, "that in cases of title, under settlement and improvement of lands, north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany and Conewango creek, the deputy surveyor must, in the first instance, judge of the right; though subject to the opinion of the
Court and jury." 2d. In delivering the charge, the following sentiments were
expressed, By the COURT: It is now the province, and the duty, of the
Court and jury, to decide, whether the survey in question, was properly made, under the act of the 3d of April 1792. (3 State Laws, Dall. edit.) The act itself has laid down no general rule,

(1)Tried at -Pittburgh.,1fav 1799, before YEATES and SMITH, 7ustkce:.

VOL. IV.

Y

ascertaining

HIGH COURT or ERRORS AND APPEALS.

71

4th. That notice to the parties is proved on two grounds; 19. first, because the writ commands it, and the sheriff returns, that he has executed the writ according to the command thereof; and, secondly, because the. plaintiffs issued the writ, they were present by attorney when it was returned, and at that time never complained. But ev6n if no notice had been given, there was another remedy; and the objection comes too late on a writ of error. 5 Com. 301.
5th. That the writ of partition directs the premises to be divided, assigned and delivered; it is recited in the inquest; and the sheriff returns that he has obeyed the command of the writ. When, therefore, the inquest declare that they have allotted the moieties to the respective parties, it must be deemed an allotment according to the terms of the command and authority under which they acted.

On the last day of the session, the CoURT mentioned, that some doubts had arisen, which would prevent-a decision of the cause till the adjourned session; but that, in the meantime, for their own information, they should direct a certiorarito issue to the
Court of Common Pleas of rork county, to inquire whether any
precept had been given, authorising the writ of execution, or judicial writ of partition, to issue; and if so, to return it. (2)
Cur. adv. vult.

At an adjourned session, held on the 17th of January 1800, the COURT unanimously affirmed the judgment of the Supreme Court.
Judgment affirmed.

Levezey et al. versus Gorgas et al.

N error from the Supreme Court. A declaration was filed in

the Court below by the plaintiffs in error, against -the defend-

ants, in which they set forth,." that on the

of

1790,

and thence continually, they have been seised in their desmesne

as of fee of and in a certain water grist mill with the appurte-

nances, upon Wissahicon creek in Philadelphiacounty; that the

defendants all the time aforesaid and stillare in possession of a

certain other. water grist mill with the appurtenances upon the

same creek, and below the mill of the plaintlffs; and that the

defendants, intending to injure the plaintiffs, had raised their dam

(2) Lewis suggested a doubt, whether a certioraricould issue, per saltemn, to the Common Pleas, overleaping the Supreme Court, on whose judgment the wlit of error was brought; but he agreed to give eflbct to any mode, that might be taken to ascertain the ftct in question and to consider any precept that issued, as regularly annexed to the record,.
higher,

CASES AFFIRMED OR REVERSED IN THE

1799.

higher, to wit

feet higher than the same had ever been

before raised, and thereby unjustly penned back, pent up, and

obstructed the water of the said creek between the said mills, in-

somuch that the water of the creek during all the time aforesaid

overflowed and greatly damaged, spoiled, injured, and broke to

pieces the said mill of the plaintiffs, to their great damage in their

said hereditary estate, and whereby they were forced to expend a large sum, &c. in repairing, &c." The defendants pleaded

" not guilty, with leave to alter, and give the special matter in

,evidence:" and -afterwards " by ageement of attornies in wri-

"ting filed, all matters in variance between the parties, are refer-

cc red to Willlam Ward Burrows, Alexander Martin, 7ohn Holmes

" and George Eyre, who shall have full power to award whether Ccany and what sum shall be paid to the plaintiff by the defendant,

" and vice versa, to settle their respective claims to the waters of

"the Wissahicon creek, by fixing what shall be the heighth of

"the defendant's dam, and whether any alteration shall be made

therein, and to direct articles to be executed accordingly: the

" report of any three to be conclusive." All the referees concur-

red in filing a report, by which it was found and awarded,

1 1st. That the defendants their heirs and assigns shall and may

" erect and complete the mill-dam to their mill now belonging " of a heighth corresponding with the bottom of the hole now " bored in a certain rock standing and being on the north-east side

" of Wissahicon creek, near the said mill. And the said dam of

"the heighth aforesaid shall and may forever hereafter keep

"and maintain. And if the said- defendants, their heirs and as-

"signs, or e.ither, or any of them, shall and do wilfully, or neg-

,ligently, cause or suffer the said dam to be raised higher than

"is hereinafter mentioned, then and in such case, it shall be law-

"ful for,the plaintiffs their heirs and assigns, to give a written

"notice to the defendants their heirs and assigns, requiring them

"to reduce the said dam to its proper level, herein before di-

" rected: and if the defendants their heirs and assigns, shall ne-

"glect or refuse so to do, for thirty days after such notice, the

plaintiffs their heirs and assigns may summon three freeholders,

,being indifferent men, to view and examine the same; and if

"the said freeholders shall be of opinion that the plaintiff's, &c.

"are injured by the said dam being carried up higher than the

level herein directed, they shall give a written notice to the

"aefendants, &c. requiring them to reduce the said dam to its

"cproper level; and if within thirty days thereafter, the defendants,

" &c. shall not reduce the said dam to its level aforesaid, the

plaintiffs, &c. may lawfully enter upon the said dam, and abate

"and prostrate the sane. 2d. In consideration of the foregoing

privileges the referees order and award, that the defendants,

&c. holding the said mill, shall yearly, and every year, pay 101.

" to the pl::intiffs, &-c. the first paymcnt to be made on the 31st
"COff

HIGH COURT OF ERRORS AND APPEALS.

73

" of March 1797. And also that the defendants do on the 31st " of March next pay to the plaintiffs 501., which shall be in full " of all claims and demands on the part of the plaintiffs against
"the defendants, on account of the said mill dam. Lastly: the "referees award and direct that the said parties respectively, "shall mutually execute and deliver proper deeds and instru-
"ments in writing, for the granting, assuring, and confirming, as well the said privileges hereby awarded to the said defend-
" ants, their heirs and assigns, as the said annual payment to the " plaintiffs, &c.: and it is awarded and directed that the parties " divide the costs." On the 21st of Iarch 1796, "the report of " the referees was read and confirmed, and judgment nisi." On the 22d of March, exceptions to the report were filed; but after hearing witnesses, and the argument of counsel, on the 14th of September 1796, "the report of the referees and judgment were confirmed": and thereupon the present writ of error was broughtu

1799. t

On arguing the cause in this Court, Lewis, for the plaintiff in error, took the following exceptions to the record:'
1st. That the referees had exceeded the authority given by the submission of the parties, inasmuch as they have directed the plaintiffs to sell to the defendants, a certain privilege, and have awarded an annual sum, to be paid by the defendants to the plaintiffs, as the price of the privilege, which were not matters in variance between the parties, nor included in the rule of refer-
ence. 2d. That the referees have directed deeds to be executed by
the plaintiffs, for assuring to the defendants a new right, not for settling the old rights of the parties (which are alone contemplated in the submission) to the waters of the Wissahicon.
3d. That the referees have established a new tribunal for deciding the future controversies of the parties; a power which is inconsistent with the general principles of law, and not supported by the agreement, or submission, of the parties.

4th. That the referees have awarded the parties to divide the costs.
5th. That the judgment in confirmation of the report being entered generally, part of it cannot be affrmed, and part reversed. Carth. 235. 2 Bac. Abr. 227.

The objections were answered by Rawle, for the defendants

in error, to the following effect:

1st. That the submission was general, and shows the real points

in controversy between the parties: and on the principles of the law of awards in Pennsylvania, the present award ought to be

enforced. I Dali Rep. 364. 314.

2d. That the report, as far as it awards the payment of money,

comes strictly within the act of assembly; but on the other two

VOL. IV.

L

objects

M.

CAsEs AFFIR-MED OR REVERSED IN THE

1799.

objects of the report (the grant of the privilege, and the execution Sof deeds to assure it) there could be no judgment, and they remain in the record as rules of Court, to be enforced by attach-
ment, of which no writ of error lies. 3 vol. Penn. Laws, 97. 2 Bac. Abr. 215. 3 Lst. 31.
3d. That the present record is informally sent up; but it may either be reduced to form by the Court, or they may satisfy their consciences by awarding a certiorari; which, however, the defendants in error have no right to isssue. 2 Bac. Abr. 204, 5.
5 Corn. Dig. 166.
4th. That supposing the present record, in all its parts, to be a subject for a writ of error, it is a maxim, that no one can assign that for error, which is for his own advantage. 2 Bac. Abr. 220. Thus, the referees find that the defendants are entitled to the privilege, on paying for it; but by way of further security to the plaintiffs, and for their benefit, a summary examination by free-
holders is provided, to restrain subsequent encroachments. This is obligatory .on the defendants; but it is optional with the plaintiffs, who may have recourse to the ordinary legal remedies.
5th. That the report of the referees does not give any thing new to the defendants. The subject in dispute and submitted, was, whether the defendants had a right to raise their dam; and the referees find that they have such a right, by an old continued compact, paying an equivalent.
6th. That the referees, had power to make an award touching real estate. Kid. 34. 133. 136.

On the last day of the session, the COURT mentioned, that they had not been able to form a decisive and satisfactory opinion on the authorities and arguments in this cause; and that, therefore, they would keep it under advisement till the adjourned session. They added, that if the plaintiff in error was to be considered as restrained from pursuing the ordinary remedies of the law, and confined to the remedy prescribed in the report, in case of any future nuisance, or encroachment upon his rights, it was their present sentiment, that the referees had exceeded their authority.
The point, however, was not made in the argument before the Supreme Court; and merits further consideration.
Cur. adv. vult.

At an adjourned session, held on the 17th of 7anuary 1800, the judges delivered their opinions, seriatim, but concurred in this general result:
By the COURT: The agreement of the parties constituted the referees, the exclusive judges of the subject submitted to their decision. It gave them, however, no power to delegate their trust and authority to others; nor to erect a new and arbitrary
tribunal

HIGH COURT OF ERRORS AND APPEALS.

75

tribunal, to determine future contrwersies. If the first set of referees could proceed in this way, the set empowered by them, might exercise a similar authority; and so ad infinitum, compel
the parties, without their consent, or controul, to resort to a tribunal unknown to our laws. We are, therefore, unanimously of opinion, that the referees exceeded their authoritv; and as their report, or award, was confirmed, generally, by the Supreme Court, the judgment of that Court must, also, be generally, reversed.
.Tudgment reversed.

1799.

168

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THr.

1790.

suffering goods to remain in the hands of the defendant, after Sthey were levied upon, furnished no presumption of fraud here,
as it did in England; and that this departure from ihe English
rule arose from sentiments of humanity, and the peculiar necessities of the country. In the interior of the state, particularly, it was the universal practice not to remove the goods after a levy. If, however, the intention of leaving them with the defendant
was fraudulent, a subsequent execution would be preferred, in Pennsylvania, as well as in England. In the present instance, there is no proof of fraud; the first levies are, of course, good; and the sheriff must pay the money arising from the sales accordingly. (1) ·

Pemberton's Lessee versitS Hicks.
HIS cause (which was argued in Decemberterm 1798, 3 Dall. Rep. 479.) was kept under advisement till the 23d of De-
cember 1799, when SIPPElm, Chief .ustice, and YFATr.5, Yustice, were of opinion with the plaintiff, and SMITH, YU6stiCe, was of opinion with the defendant.
judgment for the plaintiff. (1)

Kesselman's Lessee versus Old.
B Y the statute of 4 Anne, c. 16. s. 21. it is enacted, that "all
" collateral warranties, which shall be made after the first ic day of Trinity term, of any lands, tenements, or hereditamnents, " by any ancestor, who has no estate of inheritance in possession " in the same, shall be void against his heir."
In the present ejectment, the point was, whether the plaintiff was estopped by a collateral warranty of his ancestor, who had no estate of inheritance, in possession, of the premises?
After argument, and taking time to deliberate, the opinion of the COURT was delivered by SIIpIp,, Chief Y'ustiee, that there was no trace of the extension of the statute of the 4 Anne, c. 16. to Pennsylvania, by legislative authority, or judicial practice: and,
(1)in Chancellorv. Philips etaL September term 1800, and several other cases, the law has been stated in a similar manner. But in the case of the United State-v. Cunninghant, in the Circuit Court, belbre ffudges TILoGuNAJ~, BASSET, and GRIFFITH, the same subject was fully discussed; and the Court adhered to the common law rule., notwithstanding the decisions in Pennsylvania.
(2) M'KEAx, G0.Y., presided at the argument of the cause; but, being
clected governor of the commonwealth, in October 1799, he took no part in the decision. He informed the Reporter, however, that his opinion was decidedly in favour of the defendant.
consequentlz

CAsEs ArrIaiarD-on REVEPSE IN THE

1799.
S Johnson, Plaintiff in Error, versus Haines's Lessee,

N error from the Supreme Court.* The question arose upon the following facts, which, by agreement, were to be considered as if found by a special verdict. " Ejectment for a house and lot in Germantown, of which Rebecca Vanahen died seised on the 13th of February 1797, intestate, and leaving no father, mother, child, grand-child, brother, or sister, living. " But the intestate had had brothers and sisters, who died under these circumstances:
Ist. Richard,who died without issue.
"2d. Catharine,who married Casper Wistar, and left issue Richard, Margaret, Catharine, Rebecca, Sarah and Casper: of this family Richard, 17fargaret and Rebeccd are dead; but all of them leaving issue.
" 3d. Anne, who married - Lukens, and left issue Yohn, M].ary, Daniel,Derrickand Rebecca; all of this family died in the life of the intestate, but all of them left issue.
" 4th. John, who died in the life time of the intestate, but left issue Anthony (theplaintiffin error)John, Joseph and fargaret, and Margaret also died in the intestate's life time leaving issue.
" 5th. Margaret, who intermarried with Redben Haines, and left issue Casper (the lessor of the plaintifbelow) Catharine,Josiah, and Reuben; Josiah is dead leaving one son, who is now alive, and Reuben is dead without issue.
" It was agreed that MAfargaret the daughter of Catharine,who was the sister of Rebecca, died in the life time of the intestate.
" And the questions submitted to the Court are, Whether the plaintiff in error is entitled to the whole of the premises? And, if he is not, how the premises are to be divided?"
The plaintiff in error claimed the whole of the premises as heir at law of the intestate; and the lessor of the defendant in error insisted that the premises ought to be divided, on the principles- of the Act of the Assembly, directing the descent of intestates' real estates. 3 vol. Penn. Laws, 521. Dall. Edit.
The ground of the claim of the plaintiff in error was, that the intestate had died leaving the lineal representatives of brothers and sisters, but without leaving a father, or mother, brothers, or sisters; that the partition of real estate was not provided for in such a case of intestacy, by any law existing at the time of the intestate's death; that this being a casus omissus in the Act

There had not been any opinion delivered in this cage by the Judges of

the Supreme Court; but juagment was entered, by consent of the parties, to

expedite the decision of the Court of dernier resort'.

-

HIGh COURT Or ERRORS AND APPEALS.

65

of assembly, the estate must descend to the heir at the common law.; and that the legislature had themselves considered it as a.
casus omissus, by passing a supplementary act to provide for it: 4 vol. Penn. Laws, 154. (Dall.edit.) The first actwas passed on the 19th of April 1794, the second act was passed on the 4th of April
1797; but the intestate died between the dates of those acts, on the 13th of February 1797. The following authorities were cited for the plaintiff in error: Chart.of Penn. s. 6. 1 vol. Penn. Laws, in app. 21. (Dall. edit.) Ibid.p. 723. Hale's Corn. L. 148. 2 Bl. Com. 504. 3 Burr. 1634.
The defendant in error admitted, that there was no express provision of the act of assembly, passed in 1794, precisely in all
its words defining the present case; but contended, that the case was within the general policy of the intestate law, which contemplates, throughout, the partibility of estates; and that construing the law according to the spirit, policy, and intention of the ma-
kers, consistently with reason, and the best convenience, the case was necessarily understood, implied, and embraced, in the frame and operation of several of the sections of the law, which were cited and analysed. The following authorities were cited for the
defendant in error. 1 Plowd. 344. 2 Plowd. 414. 1 B1. Com. 87. 10 Co. 58. 1 Dal. Rep. 351. 175. 1 Vez. 421. 2 Eq. Abr. 245. 1 Stra. 710. 2 Wils. 344. Burn. Ecl. Law, Hob. 346. Vaugh. 179. 2 Vern. 431. Plowd. 467.

1199.

The unanimous opinion of the COURT was delivered, to the following effect, by the Chief 7ustice, in the absence of CuEw,
President.

MIKEAN, ChiefYustice. The intestate died i leaving the child. ren of several or her brothers and sisters, and a grand-child of

one of her brothers: and it is now made a question, whether her

real estate shall be divided among these surviving relations, or

descend entirely to her heir at law?

By the sixth section of the charter granted to William Penn, the laws of England" for regulating and governing of property,

"as well for the descent and enjoyment of lands, as for the en-

"joyment and succession of goods and chattles," were introdu-

ced and established in PTennsylvania,to continue till they were al-

tered by the legislature of the province. The common law being,

therefore, the original guide, and the plaintiff in error being the

heir at common law, his title must prevail,,unless it shall appear,

that an alteration in the rule has been made, by some act of the

general assembly.

Now, when the intestate died, there was but one law in exist-

ence on the subject, the law of the 19th of April 1794; qnd

though the sixth section of that law provides for the case of a

person dying -intestate, leaving, "neither widow nor lawful issue,

but leaving a father, brothers, and sisters,' it does not provide,

nor does any other of the sections provide, for the case of a

VOL. IV.

K

person.

66

CAsns AFVIRMED OR REVERSED, &c.

1?99.
'

person dying intestate, without lawful issue, and-leaving nofather, or nzother, brothers, or sisters. The descent of the real estate, in this specific case, was not, therefore, altered, or regulated, by any act of the general assembly, when the estate was vested in the person entitled to take, at the death of the intestate.
It is probable, that if the case had been stated to the legislatare, they would have directed the same distribution in the year 1794, that they have since done by the act of the year 1797: and, it
is urged, that as there is equal reason for making such a distribution, where no father survives, as where a father does survive, the
intestate, the Court ought, upon the obvious principle and policy of the law, to supply the deficiency. But, it must be remembered, that the system of distributing real estates in cases of intesta-
cy, is an encroachment on the common law; and wherever such an encroachment takes away a right, which would otherwise be
vested in the heir at law, the operation of the statute should not be extended further, than it is carried by the very words of the
legislature.
We are, upon the whole, unanimously, of opinion, that the judgment below should be reversed; and that judgment should be given for the plaintiff in error.

