20

CAsEs RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1800. 4._.

CtrsHIN, Justice. Although I am of opinion, that this Cour; has the same power, that a Court of the state of Georgiawould
possess, to declare the law void, I .do not think that the occasion would warrant an exercise of the power. The right to confiscate and banish, in the case of an offending citizen, must belong to
every government. It is not within the judicial power, as created and regulated by the constitution of Georgia: and it naturally, as well as tacitly, belongs to the legislature.

By the COURT: Let the judgment be aflirmed with costs.

Williamson, Plaintiff in Error, versus Khicaid,
E.RROR from the Circuit Court of Georgia. It appeared from the record, that "ffMarian Ki caid of Great Britain, widow, "demanded against John G. IVilitamson the one third of 300
acres of land, &c. in Chatham county, as dower. That the "tenantpleaded, 1st. The actof Georgia(liassed the Ist of Mlarch "1778) attainting G. Kincaid (the demandant's late husband) "forfeiting his estate, and vesting it in Georgia, without office. "2d. The act of the 4th of May 1782, banishing G. Kincaid,and "confiscating his estate. 3d. The appropriation and sale of the "lands in question by virtue of the said attaindet and confisca. "tion, before the 3d of September 1783 (the date of the dc "nitive
treaty of peace) and before G. Kincaid's death. 4th. The alien. "age of the demandant (who was residefit abroad on the 4th of "July 1776 and ever since) and therefore incapable of holding "lands in Georgia. That the demandant replied, that she and "her husband were inhabitants of Georgia, on the 19th of April "1775, then under the dominion of Great Britain; that her "husband continued a subject of Great Britainand never owed "allegiance to Georgia, nor was ever convicted by any lawful
"authority of any crimes against the state. That the tenant "demarred to the replication, the demandafht joined in demur"rer, andjudgnientwas pronounced by the Circuit Court (corn"posed of WASHINGTON, .7ustice, and CLA-r, DistrictJudge) "for the demandant." On this judgment the writ of error was brought, and the following errors assigned.
1. The general errors. 2. The attainder of G. Kincdid and the forfeiture and sale of his estate; so no right to dower accrued; and no land out -of which it could be enjoyed. 3. The alienage-of the widow on'the 4th of July 1776 and ever since- by which she was incapable to take and hold real
estate in Georgi&. The principal question (whether an alien, British subject, was
entitled, under the treaty of peace, to claim and hold lands in dower)

SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.

21

dower) was not discussed, as the judgment was reversed, for want of a sufficient description of the parties to the suit, on the authority of Bingham v. Cabot, 3 Dall 382. and Turner v. The Bank of .rorth-America. .'nt. But an important point of practice was previously settled, relative to the mode of ascertaining the value of the matter in dispute, in actions like the present.

1800.

I.or the plaitif in error, it was admitted, in answer to an objection, that the value of the matter in dispute did not appear upon the record; but it was urged, that, from the nature of the subject, the demand of the plaintiff could not ascertain it; nor
from the nature of the suit (like a case of ejectment, where
damages are only given for the ouster) could it be fixed by the finding of a jury, on the judgment of the Court. 3 BI. Com. 35, 6, As, therefore, there was no act of congress, nor any rule of the Court, prescribing a mode to ascertain, in such cases, the value in dispute, that the party may have the benefit of a writ of error, it was proposed to continue the cause, to afford an opportunity to satisfy the Court, by affidavits of the actual value of
the property.

By the CouRT: Be it so. Let the value of the matter in dispute be ascertained by affidavits, to be taken on ten days notice to the demandant, or her counsel in Georgia. But, consequently, the
writ of error is not to be a supersedeas.

Ingersoll and Dalkw, for the plaintiff in error. E. Tilghman, for the defendant in error.

Blair et al.Plaintiffs in Error, versus Miller et 1.
W RIT of error from the Circuit Court of Virginia. The judgment was rendered in the Circuit Court on the 28th of May 1799, and a writ of error issued returnable to August term 1799; but the record, was not transmitted, nor the writ returned into the office of the clerk of the Supreme Court, till the 4th of February1800. Swift objected to the acceptance and return of the record and writ: And,
By the COURT: The writ has become a nullity, beciuse it was not returned at thetproper term. It cannot, of course, be a legal instrument, to bring the record of the Circuit Court before us for revision. (1)
(1) See post. 22. Cource v. Stead e: at. Rutherford

22

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1800.

L

Rutherford et al. Plaintiffs in Error, versus Fisher et a.

11h 32. 147 341

" RROR from the Circuit Court of Xew.Yersey, sitting in
l Equity. It appeared, that the defendants in the Circuit Court
had pleaded the statute of limitations to the bill of the complainants; and that the plea was over-ruled, and the defendants ordered to answer the bill. On this decree the present writ of error was sued out, and Stochton (of ew-,ersey) moved to quash the writ, because it was not afinal decree, upon which alone a writ of error would lie, 1 vol. 61, 62. s. 22. E. Tilghran, for the plaintiff in error, acknowledged the force of the words "final judgment," in the act of congress; and submitted the case with-
out argument.
CHAsE, Yustice. In England a writ of error may be brought upon an interlocutory decree or order; and until a decision is obtained upon the writ, the proceedings in thie Court below are stayed. But here the words of the act, which allow a wrt. of error, allow it only in the case of a final judgment.
By the COURT: The writ must be quashed with costs.

Blaine versus Ship Charles Carter et al.
T HIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court of Virginia; and
the preliminary question discussed was, whether such a process could be sustained? After argument,
The COURT decided, that the removal of 5uits, from the Circuit Court into the Supreme Court, must be by writ of error in every. qse, whatever may be the original nature of the suits.

Course et al.versus Stead 4t .x. et a.
E RROR from the Circuit Court of the Georgia district, sit-
ting in Equity. On the record it appeared, that upon the
5th of Afay 1795, an order had been made, in the case of Stead et al. executors of Stead, v. Telfair et at. the legal representatives of Rae and Somerville (1) "that 36341. 14s. 7d. sterling, with in" terest at 5 per cent. from the 1st of 7anuary1774, to the 5th "of Mb'ay 1795, deducting interest from the 19th of April 1775, "till the 3d ?f September 1783, be paid to the qomplainants "in that suit, with.5 per cent on the anmount of principal and in-
(1) The order was made when BLAMIf, yrtice, presided. The deductian bf interest during the war, (this being a Britishdebt) has not received the sanction of all the federal judges. See 2 Dall.Rep. 104. in note.
teresta

SUPREME COURT Or tHE UN ITED STATLS.

2

"terest, for making the remittance to Great Britain. That the "partnership property of Rae and Somerville admitted by the de"fendants to be in their hands, be first applied to the payment of "the complainants. That the lands belonging to )1. Rae or,". "Somerville, deceased, referred to in the answers of the several "defendants, and the title deeds of which they admitted to be in "ctheir possession, be sold by the marshal, and the proceeds be "capplied to satisfy the decree; the deeds to be deposited with-
"4the clerk in three months." On the 15th of November 1796, a second order was made by
consent (PATERSON, .ustice, presiding) upon the report of the clerk, that, on the 4th of January 1796, there remained due to the complainants 11,196-,z dollars, "1 that the partnership pro,"c perty of Rae and Somerville, in the hands of Telfair be sold, and
"the bonds, &c. delivered over under a general assignment. That " if these assets are not sufficient to pay the debt, the remainder " of Somerville's property be sold; and, after paying a prior "judgment, shall be applied to the debt of the complainants. " That a bond admitted by T . Stephens, one of the defendants, " to be in his hands, given by R. Whitfled & Co. to 7. Rae, "c senior, be delivered to the complainants. That certain negroes," "9 in the custody of S. and R. Hammond, and Y. Habersham be " sold, and applied to the payment of the complainants" debt."
On the 2d of May 1797, Elizabeth Course, executrix of Daniel
Course, was made a defendant, upon motion of the solicitor for the complainants; and on the 2d of April 1798 the supplemental bill was filed, which gave rise to the present writ of. error, and
on vfhich a subpon issued only against Elizabeth Course. This bill set forth the original bill of Stead et al.v. Telfair et al.; the orders and decrees, above stated; and the out standing balance on the 4th of April 1798, amountinj to 8,479-8 dollars. It then alleged "that '. Rae, senior, was seised, in his lifetime, of a " tract of 450 acres of land, which was subject to the decree in. " favour of the complainants; and that Elizabeth Courseheld the " said1tract of land unjustly, and without title. And it concluded "with praying a discovery of the title, and surrender of the pre"mises in satisfaction of the decree; and that the other defen-
"dants may disclose assets, &c." On the 3d of April 1799, Elizabeth Course filed an answer to
the supplemental bill, in which she set forth, " that she found
"1among her late husband's papers, a deed of the 5th of Aay 1792, " executed by F. Courvoise, tax collector of Chatham county to "him, as purchaser at public auction, of the said tract of land, for "128. 19s. 4d. for which a receipt was indorsed, and the deed "recorded on the 24th of October 1792. That in virtue of the "deed, possession was taken of the premises. That she believed
"the land came to J. Rae, by devise, dr descent, from his father,
"was sold for non-payment of. taxes, and was purchased, bond
fid,

1900.

2

CAsMs RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1800.
.

"fide, by her late husband, whose title, in fee, is warranted "the tax laws of the state; and as such is claimed by the defendt

"ant for herself and children."

The cause was heard, upon the former decree of 1796, the supplemental bill and answer, before ELLSWORTH, Chief ustice, in May term 1799, when the COURT decreed, "that the pretended

"conveyance be set aside, and held as void; and the land sold " to satisfy the debt of the complainants. Also, that-certain ne-

" groes in the possesaion of William Stephens and Yoseph Haber" sham, executors of Samuel Elbert, be sold and applied to the

" same object, &c." The errors assigned upon the record (which consisted of a
recital of the two orders of Court, the supplemental bill and the proceedings on it, but not the original bill) were, in substance, the

following: 1. It does not appear, that the partnership property was first

applied to the payment of the claimants' debt, conformably to the decree of the 25th of May 1795: and, if so applied, it might have

been sufficient. 2. The decree orders certain negroes in the possession of

Habershamand Stephens, executors of Elbert, to be sold, where-

as it was denied, that the negroes were in their hands, but it was admitted, that they were in the possession of the minor children -f the said Elbert: and proof to the contrary was not made,

nor were the children parties to the suit. 3. The negroes, presumed to be assets of Y. Rae, are ordered
to be sold, exclusively of property in the hands of the other defendants, without equality, or apportionment.
4. The facts stated in the answer are to be taken as true, since
the complainants did not reply; and thence it appears, that the purchase of the land was bond fide, for a valuable consideration, under the sanction of a public officer, whose acts were annulled by the decree, without any evidence of fraud, or imposition.
5. The exhibits referred to in the supplemental bill (to wit the two orders of Court above-mentioned) were not filed with the bill, and were inadmissible as evidence.
6. That all the heirs, as well as the widow of Daniel Course should have been made parties, particularly the minors, who are

under the peculiar protection of a Court of equity. 7. Real and personal estate are on the same footing, by the law
of Georg:a,equally under the management of executors, or admi-

nistrators. And as there are other creditors to be affected by the decree, the legal representatives of DanielCourseshould have been parties to the suit.
8. The facts, on vhich the decree was founded, do not appear

on the record.

9. The Court had not power, under the circumstances of the

case, to order the sale of real estate.

Though

SUPRVME COURT OP THE UNITED STATES.

2!

Though this view of the record is given, for the sake of the points discussed and decided in the Circuit Court, the merits, on the errors assigned, were not discussed or decided in this Court; but the. following points occurred.

I. Ingersoll,for the defendants in error, objected, that the writ of error was not tested as of the last day of the last term of the Supreme Court; nor, indeed, of that term at all; for, the Court
had risen'before the day of its teste.

Dallasobserved, in answer, that there was no rule, either legislative, or judicial, prescribing the date of the teste of a writ of error; that in Georgiait might not be practicable, in many cases, to know the last day of the term of the Supreme Court, whose session was not limited; that if the writ is issued, in fact, after the preceding term, and returned, sedente curia, to the present term, it is regular; and that it is not like the case of a term intervening, between -the teste of a writ of error; and the delivery of the record to the clerk
of the Court. (2)
By the COUAT:, The objection is not sufficient to quash the writ of error. The teste in'ay be amended by our own record of the duration of theJast term; and it is, of course, amendable.

II. In$ersollobjected, that the writ of error was not directed to any Circuit Court; for, its address was "To the Judges of the Circuit Court, holden in and for the district .foresaid:" whereas no district was previously named.
Dallai, in reply, observed, that the district of Georgia, was indorsed on the writ, that the attestation of the record was Georgia; and that the record returned was from the Circuit Court of the Georgia district.
By the COURT: The omission is merely clerical. We wish, indeed, that more attention were paid to the transcribing of records; but there is enough, in the present case, to amend by; and, therefore, let the omission be supplied.

III. Ingersollobjected, that the value of the matter in dispute does not appear upon the record, to be sufficient to sustain a writ of error. The land, which is the immediate subject of the

supplemental bill, was sold for 1281. 19s. 4d. and that is the only

criterion of its value exhibited to the Court.

Dallas. The value of the property in dispute, must be its actual value; for the purposes of jurisdiction. The -price at a forced sale, for taxes, many years ago, cannot rationally be taken for the actual value of the land, with its meliorations. The

Court will, therefore, permit the plaintiff in error to aAcertain

the fact by affidavits, on notice to the opposite party.

It was so a

done-in Willanison v. Kincaid.

1800.

VOL. IV.

(2) See aute, Blairet al.V.MFIller : a. E

26

CASES RULED AND ADJUDGED IN THE

1800.
'..in

By the COURT: Let the rule be entered on the same terms, as the case of Williamson v. Kincaid.
These preliminary objections to the writ being obviated, and the depositions being returned, to prove the value of the land (which was sufficient to sustain the writ of error), Dallas argued for a reversal of the decree of the Circuit Court on two grounds: (3) 1st. On the merits; and, 2d. On the want of a description of the parties, so as to give a federal jurisdiction.
1st. On the merits. The hearing on the bill and answer, ope. rates as a tacit admission of the facts stated in the answer; which is not contradicted in any respect; and which establishes Daniel Course's purchase of the land in question, as a fair and valid transaction. Hind. Pr. Ch. 416, 7. 289. 441. The widow Course was not a party to the original bill; and cannot, therefore, be bound by the decree in that case. The defendants to the origin,'l bill are not parties to the supplemental bill; for, process is only prayed and issued against the widow. Yet, the decrees in the original suit are referred to as exhibits, t tough not filed, in the supplemental suit; and in the supplemental suit a decree is pronounced" against the defendants in the original suit as well as against the widow, who is the sole defendant. Besides, the question is emphatically a question of assets to pay a debt, for whikh partnership property was first responsible; and the personal estates ot the debtors before their real estates. Yet, no account is given of the partnership fund; and neither the minor heirs, nor other legal representatives of DanielCourse, are made parties to the suit, though their int4;rest is expressly stated in the answer. Hind. Pr. Ch. 2. 8. 10. 420. 283, 4. .Mitf. 39. 145.
2d. On the want of description. Thd only descriptive addition to the name of Elizabeth Course, throughout the record, is that she is the "widow of Daniel Course, deceased;" not stating -that either he, or she, was a citizen of the state of Georgia. 3 Dall. 382. Bingham v. Cabot. 4 Dall. Mossman v. Higginson. Turner v. The Bank of ]'7rth America. Turner v. Enrille. It would be extravagant to Infer citizenship from mere residence, nor can it be successfully urged, that because the parties to the original bill (which, by the by, is not attached to the writ of error) were well described, this Court has jurisdiction on the supplemental bill, against a new party, not described, not pledged by any joint contract, and not connected in privity, or interest, with the'defendants to the original bill. mitf. 31.
Ingersoll,for the defendant in error, answered: 1st. On the me-
rits. The decree of the Circuit Court was not pronounced simply

(3) The case was argued, on these grounds, at Washington, after the removal of the seat ofgovermnent; but, with this intimation, it is though most convenient to conthbue the report under the termin which it commenced.
on

SUPREME COURT OF TRE UNITED STATES.

27

on the supplemehtal bill and answer; but on the decrees in the 1800. original suit, which liquidated and fixed the quantum of the 'cdebt; the conveyance to Daniel Course; and the tax laws of the state of Georgia. The conveyance was charged to be a fraudulent, pretended, deed, which-was a matter of fact; 3 Dal. 321.
and it was ascertained (not merely by the inadequate consideration, but) by reference to the tax'laws, which ,did not authorise .the sale at the time, when it took place, nor, at any time, if there were personal assets; and, consequently, the Court was
bound to regard it as a nullity. (4) The objection, on the score of parties, cannot prevail, against the decree, that virtually finds the conveyance to be fraudulent; and, therefore, that no one claiming under icould derive a title, or interest, in the land. Besides, the widow Course is the tenant in possession of the premises, and the natural object of the supplemental bill; she must be presumed to have given notice to all proper persons; and, after all, if the objection has weight, it is sufficient to answer, that no one will be bound by the decree, to whom, on principles of law and equity, it does not extend.
2d. On the -wantof description. It is not necessary to describe
the parties in the supplemental suit, which is merely an incident of the original bill, and must be brought in the same Court. The citizenship, however, of the plaintiff in error, does sufficiently appear, by reasonable presumption and necessary implication.. It has never been decided, that the very term citizens and aliens, must be used in the description; but, if the description fairlv imports, that one party to the suit is an alien, and the other party a citizen; or that the paities are citizens of different states;
the Court will assert its jurisdiction. Then, the purchase and possession of real estate announce the character of citizen; since aliens cannot purchase and hold real estate in Georgia; and the long residence of Daniel Course, the pirchaser, and his family, in the state, is a circumstance strongly corroborative. If the widow is sufficiently described, to show that she was a citizenof Georgia; there can be no doubt that the complainants are sufficiently described as aliens.
By the CouRT: Having examined the record in the case of
Bingiam v. Cabot, we are satisfied, that the decision there, must govern upon the present occasion. It is, therefore, unnecessary
to form, or to deliver any opinion upon the merits of the cause.
Let the decree of the Circuit Court be reversed.

(4) When Ingersollwas about to read the statutes of Georgia, Dallasobservcd that they were not recited on the record; and that it might be a question. whetner their existence ought not to have been established, as a fact, in the Court below. But the CouRT said there could be no ground to refuse the reading of a law of any of the states. It appeared, however, that, on the point of time, Ingersoll referred to the statute for the tax of a different year. from that in which the sale was -made. *

SUPREME COURT
OF
PENNSYLVANIA.
September Term 1800.
The Commonwealth versus Fitch.
cERTIAORfRI, to remove the judgment and proceedings in a ase offorcible entry and dtainer, from Luzerne county,.
The inquisition stated, " That Nathan Beach was posse.ssed in " his demesne as of fee, &c. and continued so seised.and posses"1 sed, until the defendant did enter, and hir the said Nathan " Beach thereof disseised,' &c.
It was objected, that the prosecutor is stated to have been only posses.ed of the premises, whereas the evidence proved him to have been seised.
But by the CoURT: There is s6me informality in the expressions; but, surely, stating that the prosecutor was disseised, necessarily implies a previous seisin.
Judgment affirmed.
Sharp versus Pettit.
W RIT of dower. The inquisition states, that the husband X did not die seised of the premises; and finds damages for
the detention of dower, with costs. Ross moved to quash the inquisition, so far as respects the
damages and costs. By the COURT: It must be so; but let judgment be entered
for the demandant, without damages, or costs.
Chancellor

