DECEMBER, i8ox.

There is no doubt but the court had a right to make rules of practice for itfelf. But not having made fuch a
rule in this cafe, its difcretion ought to have been guided by the pra&ice of the Virginia courts. We therefore hope that this court will corre6a the indifereet exercife of the power of the court below in this cafe.

RESLER
'I
SHEHrL,

"TheCourt. It is true that the courts in Virginia have
been very liberal in admitting any plea, at the next term after an office judgment, which was neceffary to bring forward the fubftantial merits of the cafe, whether it was 4tri6lly an iffuable plea, or not. But at a fubfequent term, it is a matter of mere difcretion with the court whether they will admit any fpecial plea at all.

In the prefent cafe the faas, ftated in the plea offered, might have been given in evidence on the general iue ; the court exercifed their difcretion foundly in rejeaing
the plea.

Judgment affirmed.

TURNER v. FENDALL.

THIS was a writ of error to reverfe a judg- To i Nx

ment of the circuit court of the diftria of Columbia

Z).

fitting at Alexandria, rendered on a motion by Fendall FENDALL.

againft Turner, late fergeantof the corporate town of

Alexandria, for the amount of money received by him A fheriff makes

on a fieri facias iffued on a judgment, in favour of Fen- tohneamfionfeayautp-

dall againft one Towers..

the fuit of A.

vs. B. ann af-

This motion was grounded on an a& of affembly of terwardsafi fa.

Viiginia, revifed code page 3 17. §, 5 .- by which i is apugtaiinntoAhisis

ena6ted that " If any fheriff,.under fheriff, or other offi- hands, he can-

" cer, fhall make return upon any writ of fieri facias or not levy it upon " venditioni exponas, that he hath levied the debt, dama- Ath.emmaodneeybyothfe
ges or cofts, as ii fuch writ is required, or any part i. fa. of A, v.

" thereof, and fhall not immediately pay the fame to B.for it does

" the party, to whom the fame is payable, or his attor- not become the

"1ney," "it

fhall

and

may be lawful

for the

creditor

atgood, and chat-
at e of A. until

SUPREME COURT U1. S.

'TURNER
V.
I'ENDALL.
~'
it is paid over to him ; and by
the command of the writ the flieriff is in flri&nefs bound to bring the money into court, there to
F~epaid to the
plaintiff. On a motion, in Virginia,

"whofe fuit fuch writ of fierifacias, &c. flall iffue, up, ".o1n a motion made in the next fucceeding general ," court, or other court from whence fuch writ fhall if"1fue, to demand judgment againft fuch fheriff, officer, " or under fheriff, or fecurities of fuch under fheriff, for
the money or tobacco mentioned in fuch writ, or.fo " much thereof as fhall be returned levied on fuch writs cc offierifacias, &c. with intereft thereon at the rate of cc IS per centum per annum, from the return day of the
cc execution, until the judgment fhall be difcharged; and " fuch court is hereby authorized and requircd to give "cjudgment accordingly, and to award execution thereon; " provided fuch fheriff or officer have ten days previous " notice of fuch motion."

againif a Iheriff,
for not paying Fendall had recovered judgment agairft Towers, in

over monies by

him olle&ed the court of huftings in the. town of Alexandria, for 627

on execution, dollars and 52 cents damages, and 4 dollars and 91 tents

it is not necef- CONES, on which judgment afiefrifaciaasiffuteed, thdeire&d to

fary that the

court

judgment the fergeant of the court of hutings, dated the 13th of

againft the fhe- December z8oo, returnable to the faid court of huftings

riff hould be on the firfi Monday of February then next Upon this

rendered at the writ was the following return, viz. " Sergeant returns,

term next fucteeding that to " executed on one large copper boiler and fundry cafks, which the exe-" and fold for the fum of 703 dollars and 98 cents, incution has been cc eluding fergeant's commiffion-s, on which money I have
retuirned.
redinbe - cc levied a writ of fieri facias, !9Lued from the clerk's office of Preccedins c9. the court of Fairfax county, on ajudgment obtainedby Wil-

in cafes of in- "-ham Deneale againfi Robert Young and Philip R. Fendall, folvent debtnrs cc merchants, trading under the firm of Robert Young

are matters in Ca', and may cc and company..
e proved by'

Charles Turner, . S."

parol telbi -

i.limotinsy. not error. Before the next fucceeding term of the court of huft-

in the court be- ings, after the return of the execution, the a& of conlow to reje&, grefs of 27 th of February I8o I, concerning the diftri& as incompetent, of Columbia, intervened, by which the laws of Virginia,

admiffible tefti-

ndin as they then exifted, were declared to be and continue in

to prcve afa& force in that part of the diftri& of Columbia which was

not relevant to ceded by that ifate to the United States, and by them

tht cafe before the court.

accepted for the permanent

feat of government;

and. all

toney ?ay be fuits, procefs, &c. depending in the court of huftings

;aken in exe- for the town of Alexandria, were transferred to the circuit court of the diftrit of Columbia eftablifhed by that

DECEMBER, x8oi.

a&; and the firft feffion of the circuit court in Alexandria was by law held on the fecond Monday of April, 1801.

TxiP NEIL 'v.
FENDALL.

To that term, April igot, Fendall gave Turner no- cution if intie tice, in the ufual form, that on the firft day of the court ljendt. hE fhould move for judgment ,jgaift.him for the amount of the execution with intereft thereon according to law; which notice was figned, " Philip Richard Fendall, for "the tru/flees of Philip Richard Fendall," and was duly
ferved. Turner not havingappeared the motion was con-
tinued till the next term, July i8oi, when he appeared and admitted the regularity of the delivery and continuance of the notice-and the court upon argument gave judgment for the plaintiff Fendall; to reverfe which judgment, Turner fued out the prefent writ of error.

The reccord which came up contained three bills of exceptions.

The firft ftated that the defendant Turner, to prove that Fendall had taken the oath of an infolvent debtor, and was thereupon difcharged out of cuftody, prcdubed the following writing, viz. "FIairfax, Sct. Whereas Philip " Richar. Fendall, a prifoner confined in the gaol of Fair"fax county, under execution at the fuit of Samuel Love, " iffued from the diftri& court of Dumfries, and it ap" pearing that legal notice had been given, and a warrant c ifflued, for bringing before us, for the purpofe of taking " the oath of an infolvent debtor, and the laid Philip " Richard Fendall having this day, in the court houfe of " the faid county, delivered in a fchedule of his eftate and " effects and taken the oath prefcribed by law ; Thefe are
"therefore in the name of the commonwealth tocommand " you to difcharge the laid Philip Richard Fendall out "of your gaol and cuflody, and, for fo doing, this fhall ". be your fufficient warrant. Given under our hands and " feals this twenty-firft day of March, eighteen hundred.
" WILLIAM HERBERT, Seal,
" R. WEST, Seal.
" To the fheriff or keeper of the gaol of Fairfax County i"
and offered to prove the hand writing of the faid William Herbert and Roger Weft ; and alfo to prove by oral teftimony that the faid Philip Richard Fendall did take the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TuRNER V'.
FENLDALL.

oath of an infolvent debtor before the faid William Herbert and Roger Weft, whofe names are fubfcribed to the faid writing, and alfo to prove by oral teftimony that the
faid William Herbert and Roger Wet were magiftrates of the county of Fairfax, on the 2ift of March i8oo, and had aded as fiuch for many years before; but the court
gave it as their opinion that the faid writing and oral teftimony were not legal evidence to be admitted to prove the above mentioned faes.

The 2d bill of exceptions flated, that the defendant Turner offered to fhew to the court that the truftees of
Fendall were not entitled to the money levied on the execution of Fendall v. Towers, but the court refufed to fuffer him to go into that enquiry.

The 3 d bill of exceptions flated, that the defendant Turner produced a copy of an execution iffued on a judgment obtained by William Deneale againft Robert Young and Philip Richard Fendall (the plaintiff in the motion below) and a copy of the return, which return was in thefe words, " Executed on the fum of 682 dollars and " 43 cents, money in my hands, being the amount of the " fum received by me for the fale of certain property ta-
"ken by virtue of aferiacias,iffued from the cl&rk's office of the court of huftings of Alexandria, on a judgment
"obtainpd by the within named Philip R. Fendall againft "John Towers.
cc CHARLES TURNER, T. S."
and alledged that he had a right, and was bound, to levy that execution on the money of the faid Fendall, which he had levied by virtue of the execution of Fendall v.Towers, and which was in his hands feparate and diftinct from any other money at the time the execution of Deneale v. Young and Fendall was delivered to him ; but the court gave it as their opinion that he had not a right, and was
not bound fo to do.

The cafe was now argued by Simms for the plaintiff in error ; And by C. Lee and Swann for the defendant.

,forthe plaintfin error, it was contended,

DECEMBER, i8om.

Ift. That the court below was not authorized to render TuaR,,

judgment at any other term than that next fucceeding,

'v

the return of the execution.

FF.!,IALL.

2dly. That the teftimony offered to prove the infolvency of Fendall, was competent for that purpofe and ought not to have been rejeaed.

3 dly. That the defendant below ought to have been permitted to prove the truftees of Fendall not entitled to ftceive the money on the execution of Fendall v.Towers.
4 thly. That Turner had a right to levy the execution of Deneale v Young and Fendall, on the mone4of Fen. dall in his hands.

ift. The a& of affembly giving this remedy againft
Sheriffs ought to be conflrued ftrialy, becaufe it is a penal law, inafmuch as it fubjeas the officer to a penalty of 15
per cent. per annum, for not paying over the money levied upon an execution ; and becaufe this fummary procefs by motion is in derogation of the common law proceedings.

The words of the aia are that "upon a motion made" to cc the next fucceeding general court, or other court from ," whence fuch writi hall iffue," " such court is hereby aut thoriged and required to give judgment accordingly ," that it " fuch next fucceeding court." The court in April was the next fucceeding court ; but the court iii July, at which this judgment was rendered, had no jurifdi&ion of the caufe. And although confent will take away error, yet it will not give jurifdi6tion.

2d. The teftimony offered to prove the infolvency of Fendali, ought to have been admitted.

By the at of affembly refpe&ing infolvent debtors (revifed code'p. 314, 315, fiction' 4o and 41) upon the debt-
or's delivering his fchedule and taking -the oath, all his eftate becomes vefted, by a6 of.law, in the fheriff of the county, and debts due to him are to be recovered in the name of the]heriff. This money was either the money of Fen-
dall, and fo vefted in'the flieriff as part of the eftate in poffelion, or elfe it was a chofe in a6ion, and.then the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TURINVE. R
FENDALL. '

fchaeferifbfyisfhtohwe ionnglythpeeirnfofonlveenntcityleodftFoernedcaolvl,er it. In either we fhow that
the title is out of him, fo that he cannot fupport this mo-
tion. The ad of. affembly does not make the ad of the magiftrates in adminiftering the oath, and granting the
warrant of difcharge of an infolvent debtor, a matter of record. Third perfons have no means of proving the
fa& of infolvency but by parol teflimony. It muft be proved like any other matter in pais. We offered the heft evidence which the nature of the cafe will admit. We offered the original warrant of difcharge under the hands and feals of the magiffrates, and parol proof that they were magiftrates at the time and had a&ed as fuch for many years before, togetiher with evidence of their hand writi'ig.
General reputation has always been confidered as fufficient proof of the official charater of a magiftrate.

3 d. The defendant below ought to have been permitted to fhew that the truftees of Fendall were not entitled to the money. The notice in this cafe was given by Fendall for Ihis trulees. .Turner could not know whofe claims'he had to oppofe, whether thofe of Fendall alone, or thofe of his truftees. It was, neceffary for him, therefore, to fhew that neither the one nor the others were entitled to recover upon this motion ; and he came prepared to do this; but the court would not fuffer him to do it.. Fendall, by reafon of his infolvency and the confequent operation of law in transferring all his rights to the fheriff, could not recover in his own name for his own. uf'e and benefit ; but fill as courts of law- will protea trufts and equitable rights where they are made to appear, and as the transfer of the eftate and effe&s of an infolvent debtor, which takes place by the operation of law, does not transfer thofe things which the infolvent has merely as truftee, and as the name of Fend~ll might therefore fill be ufed for the benefit of the truftees ; it was competent and proper for the defendant below to thew that the truftees had not that equitable right which the law will protc.
4 th. The fourth point feems to divide itfelf iito two
parts.
If. Can money be taken upon afierifaciasin any cafe ?

DECEMBER, x8ot.

2d. Can the officer levy a fieri facias on money in his Tu3tNUt vwn hands which he has colleded for the ufe of the IV.

debtor ? '

FENDALL.

ift. It is a general principle that all goods and chatteli, the property of thedebtor, may be taken in execution, and when an officer has it in his power to fatisfy an ex-
ecution to him direaqed, it is his duty to do it, and he is liable to the creditor if he fails fo to do. The
money of a debtor is a part of his goods and chattels ; it follows, that it is liable to an execution. There is no poffible reafon why it fhould not be fo. It is faid there are fome old authorities to the contrary, and that the reafon g 'ivenis that money cannot be fold. Doug. 219. Armistead v. Phlpot. But'the reafon of felling the goods taken
on execution is that money may be raifed, 4nd furely the
execution may as well be fatisfied by taking money itfelf, as by taking goods which muft be fold to raife the money.
In 2. Shower, 166. Rex VzWebb, it is faid that by a levari facias" the fheriff may take. ready money." And in this refpeC there isno difference between a levarifatias and a
fierifacia:.

The law is exprefsly laid down in Dalt. Sherf 145 and 543, that money may be taken on a fierifacias.

2d. If money in the poffeflion of the debtor may be taken, does the money -being in the hands of the fheriff
make any difference ?

In the cafe of Rex v. Bird, 2 Show. 87, A it was refolved "by the court, on motion, that on afierifaciasthe fheriff " may fell the goods, and if he pay the money to the party, "9 it is good, and the court will allow of fuch return, becaufe
" the plaintiff is thereby fatisfied ; although the writ run, " ita quod habeat coram nobis, &c." The fame dotrine is held in 5.Co. 9o .(a.) Hoe's cafe.

If then the fheriff might have paid this money to Fendall, ahd had fo paid it, he would have been bound to feize it again inftantly to fatisfy the execution of Deneale. If he might have done this, and if it was his duty to fatisfy the execution of Deneale ; where was the necefflity of his

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Tu P
,V. E."r'DAL L.

going through the ceremony of a payment of the money to Fendall. Here it is flated by the officer that he kept the money of Fendall diffitii and feparate from all other money, and that he levied the execution of Deneale on that identical moncy. This is in fubftance the fame thing as if the money had bten paid over to Fendall and afterwards feized by the officer.

On t.e partof ike dfendant in error, it was faid in reply,

ft.As to the power of the court to give judgment at a term fubfequent to the term next after the return of the execution, that although the ad of Affembly may be pe-
nal, and although'the remedy may be in derogation of the
common law proceedings, yet, like all other flatutes, it muff have a reafonable confiru&ion. It could tnever be fuppofed to intend that if the court did not give the judg-
ment at the firff term, the jurifdi~tion which they once
had fhould ceafe.

2d'y. The faa of Fendall's infolvency was not material to the queftion before the court, becaufe any petfon who was equitably entitled to the money would not be pre-
cluded from his claim by this judgment; and by the aa of affemnbly ro one but the creditor in whofe naie the jmdgment was rendered is entitled to this fumnmary proce s againft the officer who refufes to pay the money levied
upon the execution ; and if any other perfon was in equity entitled to the money he muff fRill hfe the name of Fen-P dall. The name of the nominal creditor ouff be ufed,
or the remedy given by the flatute would be wholly loft.
ie is the only perfon who could acknowledge a fatisfaction upon record, and it ought not to be in the power of th. oihicer to allege an equitable claim in another perfon to, fupport his own improper ad. 3 Cro. ,66, 176. .Benfon v. Flower. In that cafe the creditor had become
bankrupt after the money was made upon the execution and before the return ; and upon the return the affignees. contended that they had the right to receive the money,
but the court ordered it to be paid to the bankrupt, becaufe the aflignees were no parties to the fuit, and the
bankrupt was the only perfon who could acknowledge fatisfaaion upon the record ; and themoney, being levied
by the flieriff before the affignmenty, was to be confidered

PECEMBER, iaoi.

,sincusitodia legis, and fo not affignable. It was not the TURN R

mon y of the batkrupt at the timj of the bankruptcy, be-

'v.

¢tfufe it did not become his money until he received it. FENDALL..

But if the infolvency of Fendall were material, frilthle evidence adduced was not couclufive of the fact, nor even co0ripetent to prove it. It was not the beft evidence
which the nature of the cAfe admitted. If the ad of the miagiftrates was a fimple at in pals, yet they themfelves. were the moit competent witneffe, to prove the fa&, and their teitimony would be better evidence than a paper p,4rporting to be figned by W. Herbert and R. Weft, who do not ifyle themfelves magiftrates, even if their hand writing fhould be"proved. It does not appear that they were dead, or that their teftimony could not be ob-
tained. And as to common report being evidence of their being magiftrates, it certainly was not the beft evi, 4ence, becaufe their commiffions, and the certificate of the.r taking the requifite oaths of office,' wore matters of
record. Afpinafe, N. P. 74 1. When the a&s of magistrates are.queftiotted in the county in which they are faid
to be ju~fice, common report may be fufficient, becaufe *11perfons are fuppofed to be obliged to take notice. of the officers of their county. But in 'this cafe they were alleged to be juftices of a foreign county. The county of Fairfax is no part of the diftrid of Columbia.

But this was pot a trial by jury, and it is very queftion.
ble whether inf,uch a cafe, a rejeffion of'admiffible evidence can be affigned for error, with any more propriety than an admiflion of incompetent teftimony.

3d. It is contended that.Turner ought to have been permitted to fhew that the truftees of Fendall had no right. to receive the money. The anfwer to that is, that the
court were not trying the right of the truftees, and could not look into their equitable claims. The court were fitting as a court of law, and not as a court of chancery. If the truftees had an equitable right, they were not precluded from afferting it in a proper manner-if they had not, it did not affed the prefent queftion. If they had a legal right they would not be barred by the judgment
inthis cafe. In whatever light the fubjed is viewed, it
appears to be perfedly immaterial to the prefent queftion.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TutNEt ',.
FENDALL.
v' ' -

4 th. But the fourth point includes the real merits of this controverfy. Had the officer a right to fatisfy the execution of Deneale v. Yourtg and Fendall, out of
the money in his hands levied by virtue of the execution of Fendall v. Towers ?

ift. Money cannot in any cafe be taken by the officer upon an execution. It is a general principle that on a fierifacias the goods taken cannot be delivered to the creditor in fatisfaalion of the debt, but muft be fold ; and the books give this as a reafon why money cannot be taken. Another reafon may be, 'that money cannot be identified.. But the law is different in Virginia from the Englifh law,.
in refpe& to the proceedings on executions.

By the a' of affembly refpeaing executions, reviled
code p. 309. Sec. 12 and 13, the officer, on all executions, having.publithed notice of the time and place of fale, ten
days before fuch fale,'"bhallproceed tofell by au~tion the !; goods and chattels fo taken, or fo much thereof as fhall cc be fufficient to fatisfy the judgment or decree, for the
It beft price that can be got for the fame." Here it is evident that the legiflature did not contemplate the cafe of
money itfelf being liable to be taken on execution; for they have made it the duty of the officer, in all cafes of execu-
tion, to advertife and/ell the goods taken. But the next fetion is ftill itronger, for it provides "cthat if the owner
of filch goods and chattes fhall give fufficient fecurity "to ftich fheriff or officer, to have the fame goods -and
chattels forthcoming at the day of fale, it fhall be law-
"ful for the {beriff or officer to take a bond from fuch " debtor and fecurities, payable to the creditor, reciting
the fervice of fuch execution, and the amount o(money " or tobacco due thereon, and with condition to have the
goods or chattels forthcoming at the day of fale appointed by fuch fheriff or officer, and fhall thereupon -fuffer the faid goods and chattels to remain in the poft "feffion, and' at the rifk of the debtor until that time."" It would be abfurd to fupp6fe an officer obliged to appoint a day of fale for felling money ; yet the giving of a forthcoming bond is a right which the debtor has by !aw; heis entitled to the delay on giving the fecurity required. But the bond cannot be taken unlefs a day of fale is ap-. pcinted, becaufe there can be no otber day on which the

DECEMBER, 18oL.
bond can become f9rfeited. Hence then it is clear that TuNvii the legiflature went upon the ground that money could '. not be taken onan execution, or they would have except- FzN6ALL. ed fuch a cafe from the general words of the law. But if money was liable to-be taken on afierifacias,'itwas a,. cafe which muft have often happened,'and could not have efcaped the recolle&ion of every member of the legifla. ture.
A ftrong argument arifes from the' want of adjudged cafes on this point, and the total deficiency of precedent in praaice within our own knowledge.
In the cafe of efrmii/ead v. Philpot, cited from Doug. 219, Lord Mansfield- confeffes that there are old cafes which fay that money cannot be taken in execution, even though, found in the defendant's fcrutoire, and does diot cite any cafes to the contrary. It is true, he fays, the reafon given is a quaint one, but he does not fay it was not good. In that cafe the money levied for the debtor was ordered to be paid by the fheriff to the creditor who had an execution, but there was no oppofition except as.to the attorney's fees on the firft execution, which were compromifed, and the court "nd bar agreed that the motion was of thefrl imperfflon.
2d. But, fecondly, thiswas not the money of Fendall until it was paid to him ; and therefore if the law be, as is.contended, that money of the debtor may be taken in execution, yet the principle does not apply to this cafe. By the receipt of the money by the fieriff, Fendall did not become entitled to the individual pieces of coin. The remedy againft the officer was not detinue or trover, but an a&ion of debt or on the cafe. The ofilcer became the debtorof Fendall for fo much money, and there is no reafon why it fhould be more liable to an execution in the hands of the fergeant, than in thofe of any other individual ; it was neither the goods nor chattels of Fendall but a mere chofe in adion. Fendall could not dompel the officer to pay it before the return day of the execution. If in the mean time the money had been loft or deftroyed by. robbery, fire, enemies, lightening or tempeft, it mull have been the lots of the officer and not of Fendall. The commaand of the writ offiri faciax, according to its form as

SUPREME XtI&URT V. 8.

'! ftsix · '.
F1SD4.L.

preferibed by the a~l of afembly, (r,.fed edo, . lad) is

" that you have the faid fum of raoney bort thtjudge, of

" ourfaid court, the day of

to render to the faid

cc (creditor,) of the debt and damages aforefaid." And thd

form of the return contained in the fame aa, P. 307, is)

( by virtue of this writ to me direded,I have ctufed to

" be made the within mentioned fum of

of the

" goods and chattels of +he within named A. B. wwhich

" faid fain of

before the judges 'within mentioned, at

c the ay and place within contained, I hive reddV, as that

i vrit requires."

The form of the writ and return is the bell poffible evi-
dence othe duty of the ofliceri He is obliged to have the money"in court, to be there paid to the creditor ; and
nothing-will excufe him from an exa& compliance with the commend of the writ, but payment to the perfoh named as c'reditor in the executio, ; and even this not a's a
riatter of right but of favor. In the cafe of Rek 'o. Bird
cited from 2 Shover 8,7, it is only faid that a payment to the party will be allo'wed by the court, and the reafon given is becaufe the plaintiff is thereby fatisied. " But this is " only by permiffion of the'court and not by force of the ilaw." *2Bac. ab 352. 'Now if the plaintiff is notfatisfied,
the reafon fails, and confequently the rule does not hold good. In 2 Bac. gb 352, it is faid, "injlrihnefs the mo" ney is to be brought into court."

In the cafe of Canon v. Smallwood, 3' Lev. 203, 204, it is faid that'the payment of the money to the plaintiffwas by permiflion of the court, not ex rigor,juris ; and the court often orders the fheriff to bring the moneyinto court, and .4oes not permit the plaintiff to have it ; of Which pciwer the court would by this means be deprived.

In the cafe of Benfon v. Fkwer before cited from 3 "Cro.
166, 176, it is exprefsly ifated that the money, at the time of the bankruptcy, being in cuiflodia legis, that is, in the hands of thefheriff, was not the property of the bankrupt,
an did not become fo until he received it. And in the cafe of At mlehdand Philpot the money was firft brought into court, and there ordered by the court to be paid to the
fecond creditor, on ajidavit,that other goods and chattels could not. be found. This cafe fhews, as ftrongly as pof-

DECEMBER, 8oi.

129

Nble, the neceffity of the fheriff's obeying the command of the writ in bringing the money into court, inrifead of paying it over to the creditor out of court, becaufe otherwife the a& of the h'eriffwould deprive the court of the power of making fuch an order, and might, in many cafes, deptive the debtor of the opportunity of obtaining fpeedy jufaice, on a motion to quafh the execution for irregularity or any other caufe. Befides, the fheriff might go on and levy for one creditor after another, until the whole fum fliould be fwalloired up in his commiffions.

TukxEia
'V. FhNDA LL.

No cafe can be found in which it has been permitted to be done at the diferetion of the fh.riff, and yet it is a cafe which mut happen in every day's pra&ice if it could be done.

The Chief Yuflice delivered the opinion. of the court.

This was a motion made by the defendant in error againft the now plantiff in the circuit:tourt at Alexandria, under an a& of the Virginia affembly, which declares that - if any fheriff, under fheriff or other oflfcer, fhall
cc make return on any writ of fieri facias or venditioni " exponas, that he hath levied the debt,'damages or coils "as in fuch writ is required, or any part thereof, and "Thall not immediately pay the fame :to the' party to " whom the fame is payable,'or his attorney," " it fhall " and may be lawful for the creditor at.whofe fuit fuch " writ of fieri facias or venditioni exponas,"., fhall if"fue, upon a motion made at the next fucceeding -gene9ral court, or other court from whence fuch Writ fhall " ifflue, to demand judgment againift fuch fheriff, officer or "4 under.ieriff, or fecurities of fuch under fheriff, for the "money ot tobacco mentioned in fuch writ, or fo much as Sflhall be-returned, levied on fuch writs," " with intereft V thereon at the rate of ;5 per cenurn per annum from "fthe return day of the execution, until the judgment
"cfhall be difcharged;, nd fuch court ij hereby authorized "cand rdquired to give judgment accordingly, and. to "t'award execution thereon ; 'provided fuch fheriff or ofliItcer have ten days previous notice' of fuch motion. '! That Turner had beerl fergeant of the town of Alexandria,
and had returnedon a writ 6f fieri facias, ifl'ued on a judgment rentered by the court of huffings for that corpora-
R

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TURINVE. I
FENDALL.
'againft

tmioand,e

itnhefadveobut r

of and

Philip Richard Fendall, had levied thereon

that

he

ha4

a writ of fieri fa-

cias iffued on a judgment obtained by William Deneat

Robert Young and Phillip R. Fendall ,merchants,

trading under the firm of Robert Young and Co.

Before the next fucceeding term of the court of huftings would have arrived, that court was abolifbed, and. all its powers and duties transferred to the circuit court of the diftriE% of Columbia for the county of Alexandria.

To the firft term of the circuit court notice was given that a judgment would be moved for, and the notice was figned " Philip Richard Fendall, for the truftees of the faid Philip Richard Fendall."

The defendant did not appear to the notice, and it was
continued to the fucceeding term, when the parties apeared, and the defendant, to prove that P. R. Fendall ad taken the oath of an infolvent debtor and was thereupon difcharged,offered in evidence a warrant figned Wil-
liam herbert and R. Weft, difcharging the faid Philip R. Fendall out of cuftody, as an infolvent debtor, and further offered to prove the hand writing of the faid Her-
bert and Well, and alfo to prove, by oral teftimony, that the faid Philip Richard Fendall did take the oath of an infolvent debtor before the faid William Herbert and
Roger Weft, and that they were on the 21 ftof March,
i 8oo, the time of adminiftering the faid oath and granting the faid certificate, magiftrates for the county of
Fairfax. This teftimony was reje&ed by the court as not being legal evidence to eftablifh the fa&, and to this opinion an exception was taken.

The defendant alfo offrred to flew that the truftees of Philip R. Fendall were not entitled to the money'levied
by virtue of the execution mentioned in the notice, which teftimony was likewife reje&ed by the court; and, to this opinion alfo, a bill of exceptions was taken.

The defendant then produced the execution iffued in favour of Deneale v. Robert Young and Philip R. Fen-
dall, merchants, trading under the firm of Robert Young and Co. with the return thereon, (howing that it had.

DECEMBER, i ox.

been levied on the money of Philip R. Fendall then in his hands, and alleged that the officer had a right and was bound to levy the faid execution on the faid money, but the court was of opina"n that he had not a.right fo to do, and to this opinion alfo an exception was taken. The court then propeeded to iender judgment, or) the notice, for the plaintiff; to which judgment a writ of error has been fued out of this court; and the errors affigned and relied opi are,

TvsNEV.
v.
FE OAL.

ift. That the court for the county of Alexandria. was
not empowered to render judgment in this cafe at any term fubfequent to that next fucceeding the return of the execution.

2dly. That the teftimony offered to the court to prove the infolvency of Philip R. Fendall, and rejeded, was
legal .teftimony to prove the fq& for which it Was ad-
duced, and ougbt therefore to have been admitted.

3dly. That -the .fendant in the court below ought to have been permitted to prove the truftees of Philip R. Fendall not entitled to receive the money to recover which the notice was givec, and,

4thly. That the officer had a right.to levy the execution of Deneale on the money of Philip R. Fendall in
his hands.

To frpport the firft error afligned, .the words of the
a&t of affembly giving the. motion have been relied on as cnly empowering the court to render judgment in this fummary mode, at the term flext fucceeding that to which the execution has been returned.

That is, that althoughthe plaintiff has brought his cife rightly into court, yet if, from any caufe whatever, the court fhall be unable to renderi judgment at the lirft term, the fuit muft be difmiffed and the plajntiff muft lofe his remedy. The words niuft be very plin indeed which will force a court to put upon them fo irrational a c'onftruaion as this. Oa recurrence to the a& relied on it does not appear that a reftri&ion fo unufual and fo
unjuft in itfelf, has been impofed. The words '" fuch
court," on fair conftrution, refer to the court in which

SUPREME COURT TJ. S.

TURNER 'v.
FEw'ALL.

the motion has been made, and not to the term to which notice was given. The difficulty therefore which would have prefented itfclf, if the notice had been given to a term fubfequent to that next fucceeding the return of the execution, has no exiffence'in this cafe.

In confidering the fecond error affigned, the court was
fatisfied that the proceedings before magiftrates, in cafes of infolvent debtors, are entirely matters in pais and are therefore to be proved by parol and other teftimony. The evidcice offered was certainly legal evidence to eftablifh the fa a for which it was adduced. The court however is not fatisfied of its fufliciency ; but without determining that queftion, and without determining whether. in.a cafe
where there is no jury, a judgment ought, for the rejeCtion of teftimony which was admiffible in law, to be reverfed in any itAte of things, or the caufe fhould be confidered
as if the teftimony had been received ; it is the opinion
of all the judges, that the party is boind to fhow the relevancy of the fae intended to be eflablifhed, to the cafe before the court.

In the prefent'caufe th6 fad to be eftablifhed was the infolvency of .endall, which infolvency is not fhown to
have been material in the cafe, fince nothing appears in the record to induce an opinion that the proceeding could have been in any other name than nis.

Although then the teftimony rejeCted was proper and
legal evidence towards eftablifhing the fad, yet the court committed no error in rejefting that teftimon), for which their judgment ought to be reverfed, becaufe the fa& does not aplear to have been relevant to the caufe under their confideratioi.

'On the third error affigned, the opinion of the court is, that.whoever might in equity. be entitled to the money, or to the ufe of Fendall's name, the notice as given could on-
ly be fuftained by fl-owing the legal right of Fendall to re-
covr. A legal right in the truftees would have defeated the aCtion, for it is inftituted in the name of Philip R. Fendall, although it may be' for the benefit of his truftees, -and n*either the reverfal or affirmance of this judgment would iffe& the right of the truftees to proceed in their own names.

DECEMBER, i got.

The fourth point is one ofconfiderable importance and TuRNEI difficulty. In difcuffing it two queftions have been made 1,.

at the bar.

FrNDA L.

ift. Can an execution be levied on money?

2dly. Can it be levied on money in the hands of the officer ?

The principle that an execution cannot be levied on money.has been argued to be maintarna Ale under the authority of,adjudged cafes, and under the letter and meaning of the a& of the Virginia legiflature on the fubjel of ex-
ecutiotns.

Yet no fuch adjudged cafe has been adduced. Lord Mansfield, in the cafe cited from Douglafs 2 19, faid "he - believed there were old cafes where it had been held that "the fheriff could not take rmoney in e3Xecution evep though
" found in the deiendant's fcrutoire, and that a quaint
"*reafon was given for it, viz. that money could not be .c fold," and it is believed that there may be fuch cafes,
.but certainly there are alfo cafes in which the contrary do6trine has been held. In 2d Shower i66, it is laid down exprefsly that money may be taken on a levarifacias,and 'no difference in this refpea is perceived between the two
forts of execution. In Dalton's Sherif 1145, it is alfo flated in terms that money may be taken in execution on a fieri~ facas. The court can perceive no reafon in the nature of 'the thing why an execution fhould not be levied
on money, That given in the books, viz. that it cannot be fold, feems not to be a good one. The reafon of a fale is that money only will fatisfy the execution, and if any thing elfe be taken it muft be turned into money ; but
furely, that the means of converting the thing into money .need not be ufed, can be no .adequate reafon for refufing to take the very article to produce which is the fole objeft ofthe execution.

The aa of affembly concerning executions has alfo
.been relied on as fhowing that only fuch articles can be taken as may be fold. But the provifions of the aat can only be confidered as regulating the fale of fuch articles as in their nature require to be fold, and not as exempting

SUPREMA1 CoM1T1. S.

TuRNER '-,
FENDALL. '
'"

from execution fuch property as need not be fold. The obje& is not the fale but money, and if the money can be made without a fale it cannot be unlawful to do fo. But in the cafe of an qxecution'for tobacco money may be fold, and therefore may be executed, and it would be ftrange if by an execution ordering ; fheriff to make money, money could not be taken, and yet might be taken on an execution
ordering him to make fome other article,

It is the opinion of the court that money may be taken
in execution, ifin the poffe on ef the defendant; but thi
queftion of greater difficulty is, whethet it may be takeni by the officer before it has been paid to the perfon entitled to receive it.

The general rule of law is that all chattels, the property
of the debtor, may be taken in execution, and whenever
an officer has it in his power to fatisfy an execution in
his hands, It is his duty to do fo, and if he omits to perform his duty he muff be accountable to thofe who may
be injured by the omiffion. But has money, not yet paid to the creditor, become his property ? That is, although his title to the fum levied may be complete, has he the ac-
tual lkgal ownerffiip of the fpecific pieces of coin which the officer may have.received ? On principle the court conceiVet that he has not this ownerfhip. The judgment to be fatisfied is for a certain fum, not foi the fpecifib pieces which confitute that fum, and the claim of the cr&-
ditor on the fheriff feems to be of the fame nature with
his claim under the judgment, and one which may be fatisfied in the fathe manner. No right would exift to
pu.fue the fpecific pieces received by the officer, although they (hould even have an ear mark, and an aion of debt,
not of detinue, may be brought againft him if he fails to pay over the fum received, or converts it to his own ufe. It feems to the court that a right to fpecific rieces of money can only be acquired by obtaining the legal or a'lual poffeffron of them, and until this is done there can be no fuch abfolute ownerflip as that an execution may be levied on them. A right to a fum of money in the hands of a
flieriff can no more be feized than a right to a fum of money in the hands of any other perfonf and however wife or juft it may be to give fuch a remedy, the law does not ·appear yet to have given it. The diatum of judge Bul-

DFCEMBER, i8ox.

135

ler, in th cafe in'i Durnford arid Eaft 370, proves that the mere poffeflion of money, as a truftee, does riot give to th; poffeffor, before a converfion, fuch a property in it,
as to render it liable for his debts ; hbut does not 'manifeft
an opinion that the perfon for .whofe ufe it was received) but to whofe poffiffion it has not come, is to be confidered as the legal owner of the fpecific pieces thernfelves, fo that they have become, in contemplation of.law, his. goods and chattels. Indeed it is obfervable in that cafe, that if the money had been due to the parifh at the time the bankruptcy of the defendant, who-was'an overfeer of the ppor, took place, the parith would have been in no better condition than other creditors, and would have poffeffed no exclufive property in the money claimed.

Tvkwza F V.
F,)ALL.

Although the diitum of judge Bullet may appear to militate fomewhat againft this pofition, yet the principle of the decifion is in its favor, for the judgment of the court is declared to be founded on the faa that the deIt was not a debt till after the bankruptcy.

Thetcafe cited from 3 d Croke, x66, 176, exprefsly tates the property of the money while in the hands of the fheriff, not to be in the creditor S and although the inference of the court from that principle does not appear to have been warranted, yet the principle itfelf is believed to be certainly corre&l.

In the cafe of Armiftead v. PhiIpot, Doug. 219, the court direted the money of the debtor to be paid to the creditor, whofe execution was in the hands of the fheriff
holding that money alfo i but this direffion would have been tinneceffary if the fheriff had poffeffed a previous right to make the appropriation.

It is iftated in Barnes' notes, 214, to have been adjudged in trinity term, 3 2d and 3 3d of George 2, in the cafe f Staple v. Bird, where a fheriff had levied an execution onr
money in his hands, that he fhould, notwithfanding this execution, pay the money to the perfon entitled to the benefit of the firft judgment. It is true that in that cafe
the perfon in whofe name the judgment was rendered, was
not entitled to the money received under it, but the cafe
is not ftated to, have been decided on that principle ; and

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TuRNi 'v.
FENDALL.
Y

the very frequency of fuch a flate of-things furniflie; aargument of no inconfiderable weight againft the right to levy an execution on money fo circumft.gnced The equitable right of perfons, whofe names do not appear in the execution, ought to be preferved ; and confiderable injuftice might refult from impofing on the fheriff the duty of deciding at his peril on fuch rights.

Confidering the cafe then either on principle or authority, it appears to the court that the creditor has not fuch a legal property in the fpecific pieces of money levied for him and in tle hands of the fheriff, a to authorize that officer to take thofe pieces in execution as the goods and chattels of fuch creditor

But the money bec6mes liable to fuch execution the inftant it (hall be paid into the hands of the creditor ; and it
then becomes the duty of the officer to feize it. It appears unreafonable that the law (hould direct a payment under fuch circumitances. If the money fhall be feized the inftant of its being received by the creditor, then the payment to him feems a vain .and iifelefs ceremony which might well be difpenfed with; and if the. nioney fhould, by being fo paid, be withdrawn from the power of the, officer, then his own aa would put beyond his reach, property rendered by law liable to his execution, and
which of confequence the law made it his duty to feize.

The abfurdity involved in fuch a conftrution led the court to a further confideration of the fubject.

The'mandate of a writ of fieri .facias as originally formed, is that the officer hgve the money in court on the return day, there to he paid to the creditor. Forms'of writs furnifh ftrong evidence'of what.was law when they were devifed, and. of the duty of the officer to whom they are directed. Originally it was regularly the duty. of the officer to have the money in court, and it has been held, that not even payment to the creditor himfelf could excufe the non-performance of this duty. The rigor of this rule has been confidernbly relaxed, but the form of the writ, as directed by a late act of the legiflature of Virginia, yet is, that the money (hall be in court on the return day, :and thereappears no excufe for omitting this duty, unlefs

DECEMBER, i8ox.

it iball have been paid to the creditor. The flieriff may certainly make fuch payment out of court, if no circumftance occuirs which legally obitructs or oppofes it, fuch
as an injunction from the court of chancery, in which cafe, by the law of Virginia, the money muft b6 returned or an execution againft the goods and chattels of the perion to whom the money in his hands fhall be payable. In the latter cafe it feems to the court Pcill to be the duty of the iferiff to obey the order of the writ and to bring the money into court, there to be difpofed of as the court may dire&. This was done in the cafe of Armyead v. Philpot, and in that cafe the court "diredted the money to be paid in fatisfaaion of the.fecond execution. This ought to- be done whenever the legal and equitable right to the money is in the perfon whofe goods and chattels are lia-
ble to fuch execution.

TuRNIM I.
FENDALL.
f-

In the cafe of Turner and Fendall, the fherifTnot having. brought the money into court, but having levied an execution on it while in his hands, has not fufficiently juftifled the non-pa) ment of it to the creditor ; and iberefore the court committed no error in rendering judgment againit him on the motion of that creditor. If the payment of the damages fhould be againft equity, that was npt a fubje& for the confidetation of the court of law which rendered the judgment.

Judgment affirmed.

JAMES

WILLIAM MARBURY
v.
MADISON, SECRETARY OF
OF THE UNITED STATES.

STATE

FEBRUARY, 1803.

AT the laft term, viz. December term, X8or,
William Marbury, Dennis Ramfay, Robert Townfend Hooe, and William Harper, by their counfel, Charles Lee, efq. late- attorney general of the United States,
S

MARIlURY
v.
MADISON.

d'iM rl[T II 11

-

Ir

I

SUPREME COURT U. S.

AUGUST, i8oi.

SILAS TALBOT v. HANS FRED. SEEMAN.

TA LEOT 'V.

THIS was a writ of error to reverfe a decree of the S-alvageaUowcd

circuit court which reverfed the decree of the diftria to a United

court of New

Ybrk

fo far as it allowed falvage

to

the re-

Stattes ihip of
var, for the

captors of the fhip Amelia and her cargo,

re-capture of a
Harnburgh vef-

The libel in the diftria court was filed November 5 th cdsout of the 1799, by captain Talbot, in behalf of himfelf and the Frnch,(France

other officers and crew of the United States fliki of war and Hamiburgh.

the,Cohftitufion, againift the thip Amelia, hcr tackle, fur- being neutral to

niture and cargo; and ftsorh

each other) on

c ihe

the ground that
was in

t. That in purf'uance of inftruEions from the p'refident dage of con-

of the United States he fubdued, feized, &c. on the h19g11 d,eertotnhaetioFnrenucnhteas, thefaid chip oAmaenldiacargo, &c. and brofght dcree of igth

her into the port of New-York.

January, t798.

TSthaetesU&nFitreadnce,
2. Th t at the time of capture fhe was armedwith in the year

eight carriage-guns and was under the command of citoy- 1799, were in

en Etienne Prevoft, a French officer of marine, and had a ftate of paron board, befides the commander, eleven French mariners Ttielst.wu.cpapr.orta

That the libellant has been informed that fhe, being the dcpanp for property ;f fome perfon to him unknown, failed from falvage, the re-

Calcutta, an Englifli port in the Eaft-Indies, bound for capture muft be fome port in Eutope ; that upon her faid voyage (he was lawftoI, and a

1.

inritorinus fer-

met with and captured by a French national corvette, cal- vice muft bt-

led Li Diligente, commanded by L. J. Dubois, who took rendered.

out of her the captain and crew of the Ametia, with all the

I'canfe is.

papers

relating

to her and

her

cargo,

and

placed

the fa.ij

fu flicielt to ren-
der the re-rap-

Etienne Prevoft, and the faid French mariners, on board ture iawffi.

of her, and ordered her to St. Domingo for ajuiodlication, Where the

as a good and lawf~il prize; and that he remained in the amuut of fal-

A.

SUPREME COURT V. S.

TA ZOr frill an3 -peaceible poflkffion of the French, from the time

SEEMAN.

of her capture, for the fpace of ten days, whereby, the libeflant is advIfed, that, as well by the law of nations,

not re- as by the paticular laws of France, the faid fhip became,

gulated by po- and was to be confidered as a French fhip.
fitive law, it imnuinfet dbebydettheer- Whereupon, he prays ufuay procefs, &c. and conprinciples of .demnation ; or, in cafe reftoration thould be decreed, that

general law. 'Marine ordinances of -fo-

it may be on payment of fuch falvage as by law ought to be paid for the fame.

reign countries, promulgated by The claim and anfwer of Ila- s Frederic Seeman in be-

the executive, half of Meffrs. Chapeau Rouge and Co. of Hamburgh, by order of the owners of the fhip Amelia and her cargo, flated, That the

,Iegiflatureofthe c enited State,
may beread in
the courts of the United States, 'withouL further atithentication or proof. " municipal Itwa of foreign countries are geneially to be proved as.
fads.

laid hip cQmmanded by Jacob F. Engelbrecht, as, mafter, failedon the 2oth of February, 1798, from Hambugh orn a voyage to the Eaft-Indies, where fhe arrived fafe ;that iv April, 1799, fbe left Calcutta bound to Hamburgh; that.
during her voyage, and at the time of her capture by the French, fhe and her cargo belonged to Meffirs. .1hapeau Rouge and Co. citizens of Hamburgh, and if reftored.flie will be whollytheir property that on the 6th of Septem.-
ber, on her voyage home, lhe was captured on the high feas by a French armed veffel commanded by citizen Dubois, who took out the mafter and -thirteen of her crew

and allherpapers, leaving on board 'the claimant, -who was

mate of the Amelia, the doctor, and five other men.

That the French commander put on board -twelve -hands and ordered her to St. Domingo, and parted from her on

the5 th day after her capture. That on the x5 th of September, the Amelia, while in poffeflion of the French,

was captured, without any refiftance on .her part, by ihe

faid fhip of war, the Conftitution, and brought into NewYork. That the Amelia had eight carriage guns, it being ufual for all veffels in the trade fhe was carrying on to

be armed, even in times of general peace. That-there be, ing peace between France and Hamburgh at the time of

the firft capture,. and alfo between- the United States and Hamburgh, and between the United States and Fra,:ce,

.the poffeffion of the. Amelia by the. French.. in the manner, and for the time fRated in the faid libel, could nei-

ther by the laws of nations, nor by the laws of France, nor .bythofe of the United States, change the property of .the faid fhip Amelia and ner cargo, or make the fame liable

AUGUST, i~ot.

3

"f tdemnitidn'i'a French court of admiralty; that the
fame could not therefore be confidered as French proper-
ti wherefore, he prays reftoration in like plight as at toe time of capture bythe fhip Conftitution, with coits and charges.

TA! Bor
"

'Onthe i6th December, 1799, the diftria judge, by onfent of parties, made an interlocutory decree, dire6aing the marfhal to fell the fhip and cargo, and bring the money into court; and that the clerk ihould pay half of the amount of fales to the claimant, on his giving fecurity to refund in cafe the court thould fo decree ; and that the clerk fhould retain the other half in his hands, together
with all cofts and charges, -&c.

Afterwards, on the 25th of February, i8oo, the judge of the diftri& court made his final decree, dircting half of the grofs amount of fales of the ihip and cargo, with-
out any deduffion whatever, to be paid.to the libellant for the. ufe of the officers and crew of the fhip Conftitution, to be diftributed according to the a6t of congrefs foi the government of the navy of the United States. And that. outof the other moiety,' the clerk ihould pay tht officers of the court, and the proCtors for the libellant
and claimant, their taxedcofts and charges, and that the refidue ihould be paid to the owners of the Amelia or
their' agent.

From this decree the claimant appealed to the circuit court.

At the circuit court for the diftrid of New-York in
Aprl, x8oo, before judge Wafhington and the diftri& judge, the caufe was argued by B. Livingfton and Burr
for the appellant, and Harrifon and Hamilton for the re-
fponident; and on the 9 th of April, i 8oo, the circuit tourt made the following decree,viz.

"4That the decree of the diftri& court, fo far forth as it ccorders a payment, by the clerk, of a moiety of the grof5
91 amoubntof fales to Silas Talbot, commander, &c. and to "the officers and crew 6f the faid fbip Conftitution, is
erroneous, and fo far forth be reverfed without cofts;
cc that is to fay, the court, confidering the admiffion on

TALBOT
SEEMAN.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
" the part of the refpondent, that the papers brought " here by Jacob Frederic Englebrecht, mafter of the ": faid fhip Amelia, prove her and her cargo to be Ham'burgh property, and alfo confidering that as the nation " to which the owners of the faid fhip and cargo belong, " is in amity with the French republic, the faid fhip and c' cargo could not, confiftently with the laws of nations, " be condemned by the Fredch as a lawful prize, and that " therefore no fervice was rendered by the United States
Jihip of war the Conftitution, or by the commander, " (flicers or crew thereof, by the re-capture aforefaid.
4 Whereupon it is ordered, adjudged and decreed by "the court, and it is hereby ordered, adjudged and de-
creed by the authority of the fame, that the former 4' part of the decree of the diftri& court, by which a " moiety of the proceeds is allowed to the commander, "officers and crew aforefaid, be and the fame is hereby ' reverfed.
" And the court further confidering all the circum*
* frances of the prefent cafe ar.ifing from the capture and 9"re-capture flated in tbe libel and claim And anfwer, and " that-by the fale of the faid fhip Amelia and her cargo, "9 made with the exprefs confent of the appellant, the cofis " and charges in this caufe have nearly all accrued, and "' that therefore the expenfes fhould be defrayed out of " the proceeds, Thereupon, it is hereby further ordered, c adjudged and decreed by the court, that fo much of " the faid decree of. the faid diftria court as relates to the "payment, by the clerk, to the feveral officers of the " court, and to the prodors of the libellant and claimant 11 in this caufe, of their taxed colts and charges, out of " the other moiety of the faid proceeds, and alfo of the " refidue of the faid laft mentioned moiety, after dedua"' ing the cofts and charges aforefaid, to the owner or 1 owners of the faid thip Amelia and her cargo, or to " their legal reprefentatives, be and the fame is hereby a- affirmed.
To reverfe this decree the libellant fued out a writ of error to the fupreme courti and by cLnfent of parties, the following flatement of fats was anned to the record which came up.

AUGUST, i8ot.
49 The flbip Amelia failed from Calcutta in Bengal, in. cc the month of April, 1799, loaded with a cargo of the " produa and manufadory of that country, confifting CCof cotton, fugars, and dry goods in bales, and was "cbound to Hamburgh.

TAI T
sE^A.

I On the 6th of September in the fame year, fhe was 99 captured, while in the purfuit of her faid voyage, by " the French national corvette La Diligente, L .J. Dubois "c commander, who took out her captain and part of her " crew, togethcr with moft of her papers, and placed a
prize mafter and French failors on board of her, order-
"ing the prize mafter to conduf her to St. Domingo, to
"be judged according to the laws of war.

"On the i 5 th of the fame month of September, the "United States thip of war the Conftitiltion, command" ed by Silas Talbot, efquire, the libellant, fell in with
cc and re-captured the Amelia,. fhe being then in full pof9 feffion of the French, and purfuing her courfe for St. if Domingo according to the orders received from the "captain of the French corvette.

" At the time of the re-capture, the Amelia had eight "ciron cannon mounted, and eight wooden guns, with CCwhich the left Calcutta, as before Rtated.

" From fuch of the ihips papers as were found on "9board, and the teftimony in the caufe, the fhip Amelia *t and her cargo appear to have been the property of
Chapeau Rouge, a citizen of Hamburgh, refiding and c carrying on commerce in that place.
, It is conceded that the republic of France and it the city of Hamburgh are not in a flate of hoftility to" each other ; and that Hamburgh is to be coufidered " as neutral between the prefent belligerent powers.

" The Amelia and her cargo, having been fent by ", captain Talbot to New-York, were there libelled in 9, the difria court, and fuch proceedings were thereupon " had in that court, and the circuit court for that dif-
" trid, as may appear by the writ of error and re-
" turn."

TAL1181 ".

SUPREME CCURT .U. S.
- Thecatifenow came on to be argued it Auguit term, 18oi, by Bayard and Ingerfol for the libellant, and SDallas, Mafon, and Levy for the claimant.

For the libellant three points were made.

1. That at the time, and under the circumfta'ndes, the fhip Amelia was liable to capture by the law, and inftruffions) to feize French armed vetTels, for the put-
pofe of being brought into port, and fubmnitted to legal adjudication in the courts of the United States.

2. That Captain Talbot, by this capture, faved the thip Anmelia from condemnation in a French court of admiralty.

3. That for'this fervice, upon abftraded principles of equity and juftice, according to the law of nations, and the adfs of congrefs, the re-captors are entitled to a compenfation for falvage.

x. Had captain Talbot a right to feize the Amelia, and bring her into port for adjudication ?

The ads of congrefs on this fubjed ought all to be confidered together and in one view. This is the general rule of c'onftrudion where feveral aCts are made in parl'niteri. Plowden, 206. I Ati. 4S7, 458.

The firft ad authorizing captures of Fr.ench veffels, Is that Qf 28th May, 1798, Laws of United States, vol 4, pl 120. ['he preamble recites that " whereas armed vefiffelsfailingunder authority,orpretence of authoritylfromthe
cc repyblic of France,have committed depredations on. the cc commerce of the United States," &c. therefore, it is enaded that the prefident be authorized to infiru6 and
dire& the commanders of the atmed veffels of the United States "to feize, take and bring into any port of the unfited States, to be proceeded againft according to the
'laws of nations, anyfuch armed veflbl, which (hall have Scornmitted, or which flall be found l-overin$ on the CCcoafts of the United States, for the purpofe of comcc mitting depredations on the vefls1a belonging to citi-v " zcns thereof; and alfo to re-take any fhip or veffel of

AUGUST, x,8o1. a aiy ctizen or citizens of the United States, -which
I'may have been captured by any fuch armed veffel."

TALBOT

The Amelia was " an armed veffel failing under autho" rity, from the republic of France," and if (he had com
.pitted, cr had been found hovering on the coaft for the ,purp, e of committing depredations on the vcffels of the
citizens of the United 4$tates, ,he would have been clearly Jiable'to capture under this ad of congrefs.. This aa is enttled " An a& more Cfe7ually to protedt the commerce " and coafts of the United States ," and by it the objes of capture are limited to " armed veffels failing under -,authority, or pretence of authority, from the republic
cc of France, which ihall have committed, or which fliall -cc be found hovering on. the coafts of the United States, ." for the purpofe of committing depredations," &c. It was foon perceived that a right of capture; fo limited, .would not afford what th at contemplated, an #Leutal
,rot&ion to the commerce qf the United states. Congrefs, therefore, on the 9 th July, 1798, atthe fame feffion, paffed the " ad further to protet the,commerce of " the United States," (LawsM United Stater, 'Q1. 4. P.
.63.) and thereby took off the reftriaion of the former a&, which limited captures to veffels having ;alu~lly .committed depredation, or which were hovering on the coaft for that purpofe. This ad authorizes the capture *of any " armed French v eel on the ,high feas,", and if .the Amelia was ftch an armed French veffel as is con·templated by this aO, the was liable to capture, and it
.was the duty .ofcaptain Talbot -to take her and bring her into port. Another adl was paffed at the, fame fefflon,. on the 25 th June, 1798, (Laws Uniled $tates, vol. 4. P. 148.) entitled " An a& to authorize the defence of the c merchant veffels of the United States againft French c depredations," which, as it conftitutes a part of thjut .yftem of defence and oppofition which the legiflature
hiad in view, ought to be taken into confideration. It .enats that merchant veffels of citizens of the United States may oppofe and defend againft any fearch,:reftraint or feizire which fhall be attempted " by the commander C' or crew of any armed veffel failing under French colours, (" or aaing, or pretending to afH, by, or under the authority cc of the French republic," and in cafe of attack .may repel the fame, and fubdue and capture the veffel. The court

TALBoT sVMAN.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
in confiruing any one of thefe laws will not confine themfelves to the ftri& letter of that particular law, but will confider the fpirit of the times, and the objed and intention of the legiflature. It 'ievident by the title of the ad of July 9 th, 1798, and by the general complexion of all the aCts of that feflion upon the fubje&, that it was not the intention of congrefs, by the ad of July 9 th, to reftrid the cafes of capture contemplated by the ad of 28th May, but to enlarge them. The fpirit of the peo. ple was roufcd; they demanded a more vigorous and a. more effedStual oppofition to the aggreflions of France., and the fpirit of congrefs rofe with that of the people. It cannot be fuppofed that having in Alay ufed the expreffion, " armed veffels failing under authority, or " pretence of authority, from the republic of France,"
and in J7une the exprefflon, " any armed veffel failing " under French colours, or ading, or pretending to adf,
by, or under the authority of the French republic," they meant to refirict the cafes of capture, in July, when the: ufed the words " any armed French veffel." On the contrary, the confidence in the national opinion'was increafed, and further meafures of defence were adopted', intending not to recede from any thing done before, but to amplify the oppofition. The ad of July was in addition to, not in derogation from, the ad of May. Congrefs evidently meant the fame defcription of veffels, in each of thofe a&s. " Armed veffels failing under autho" rity, or pretence of authority,,of France," and "arm" ed veffels failing under French colours, or adfing, or " pretending to at under authority of the French repub" lie," and "armed French veffels," mu'ft be underflood to be the fame.
If there is a difference no reafon can be given for it. A veffel, in the circumftances of the Amelia, was as capable of annoyirig our commerce as if flihead been owned by Frenchmen. Her force was at the command of France, and there can be no doubt but fhe would have captured any unarmed American that might have fallen in her way. She was, therefore, one of the objeds of that hofti*ity which congrefs had authorized. Congrefs have the power of declaring war. They may declare a general war, or a partial war. So it may be a general maritime war, or a partial maritime war.

AUGUST, 8oi.

9

This court, in the cafe of Bafs and Tingey, have dccided that the fituation of this country with regard to France, was that of a partial and limited war. The fubftantial queftion here is, whether the cafe of the Amelia is a cafus belli-whether fhe , ad an obje& of that limited war. The kind of war which exifted was a war againft all French force found upon the ocean, to feize it and bring
it ih, that it might not injure our commerce. It is precifely as if cungrefs had authorized the capture of all French veffels, excepting thofe unarmed. If fuch had
been the expreffions, there could be no doubt of the right to capture. The objca of the war being to deftroy
French armed force, and not French property, it made no difference in whom the abfolute property of the veffel ..was, if her force was under the command of France.
Suppofe the.Amelia had captured an American, ,by what
nation would the capture be made ? by Hamburgh-or by France ? There can be no doubt but the injury would be attributed to.France. She was under French colours,
armed, and to every intent an objed of the partial war which exifted ; and if fo, her cafe is governed by the rights of war, arid by the law of nations, as they exift in a ftate of general war.

TALBOT
S AN.

Perhaps it may be faid that this proves too much, and
that if true, the Ameli'. muft be condemned as prize.This would be true if the rights of a third party did not interfere. Having accomplifl-ed the obje& of fhe war,
at it relates to this cafe, in wrefting from France the armed force, we muft now.refpect the rights of a neutral nation, and reftore the property to its lawful owner. But this is a' fubfequent confideration. It is only neceffary now to fhew that the capture. was fo far a lawful a& as to be capable of fupporting a claim of falvage. At firft "View fhe certainly prefented the appearance of fuch an
armed French fhip as the libellant was bound in duty to feize and bring in, at leaft for further examination. He
had probablecaufe, at leaft, which is fufficient to juftify the feizure and detention. But if fhe was liable to be condemned by France, being in the hands and poffeffion of the French, fhe was within the fcope of the war which exifted'between the United States and France ; fhe was
within the meaning of the aft of congrefs.*

*aBByard.-What authority is there for American armed veffcl to re-

Capture Britilh .veffels taken by the, FBrench t

&',r, 7,,flir,

TA BOT
I"*
EEMAN.

SUI'REME COURT U. S.
The adl of July gives no new authority to re-capture
American veffels ; it only gives to private armed veffels the fame right, which the' at of May gives to the public
armed veffels, to make captures and re-captures. But the ad of May only authorizes the re-capture of American veffels, , which may have been captured by any fuch armed veffel," i. e. by armed veffels failing under authority from the republic of i rance, and which fhall have committed, or be found hovering on the coafts for the purpofeof committing depred ations on ourcommerce." Yet the inftruftions from the prefident were to re-capture all American veffels. 'rhefe inftruaions fhew the opinion of the executive upon the conftrudion of the ads of coni. grefs, and for that purpofe they were offered to be read.
The counfel for the claimant objected to"their being read, becaufe they were not in the record.
The counfel for the libellant contended they had a right to read them as matter of opinion, but did not offer them
as matter of fa&. t The court refufed to hear them.
2. The fecond point is, that a fervice was rendered to the owners of the Amelia, by the te-capture, in as much
Chafe, 7uflice -1" Is there any cafe where it has been decided in our courts that fuch a re-capture was lawful ?" " It has been fo decided in the Englifh courts." The counfel on both fidesadmitted that no fuch cafe had occurred id this country. t Cbaz,, ) flice -I Im agalnft reading the inftru&ion&, beetufe'1 am againft bringing the executive into court on any occaflion It has been decided, as 'I think, in this court, that inlru6iobs 1hould not be read. ' I think it was in a cafe of infiru&ions to the colle&ors. It was op. -pofed by judge Iredell, and the oppofition acquiefed in by th "court. Patrfon, 7aolice.-The inrftru6tions can only be evidence of the opinion of the executive, which is not binding upon us. Mar/hail, Cbhif .7utice-1l have no objeftion td hearing them, but they will have no influence on my opinion! Moore, yuflice.--Mr. Bayard can ftte all they contain, and they may be confidered as part of his argument.
Bayard.-May I be permitted to read them as a part of my fpeech r
The Court.-We are willing to hear them aa the opinion of Mr. Bayard, but not as the opinion of the executive.
Bayard- acquiefee in the opinion of the court. My reafons for wilsing to read them were, becaife the opinion of learned men, and men of (cience, 'will always have fome weight with other learned men And the court would confider well the opinion of the etecutive before they would decide contrary to it.

AUGUST, iBox.

ishe was thereby faved from condemnation in a French TALBOT

court of admiralty.

S '

To fupport this pofition, the counfel for the libellant relied on the general fyftem of violation of neutral rights
adopted by France.

In general cafes, when belligerents refpe& the law oK nations, no falvage can be claimed for the re-capture of a neutral veffel, becaufe no fervice is rendered ; but rather
a differvice, becaufe the captured would, in the courts of the captors, recover damages and cofts, for the illegal capture and detention.

The principle upon which the circuit court decided is' not denied ; but it is contended that a fervice was rendered by the re-capture. To thew this, the counfel for the libellant offered to read ihe meffage from the prefident to both houfes of congrefs, of 4th May, 1798, containing the communications from our envoys extraordinary at Paris, to the department of ftate, and fundry arrets and decrees of the 'government of France, in violation of neutral rights, and-of the laws of nations; and particularly the decree of the council of five hundred of 29th Nivofe, an 6, (Jan. 18, 1798,) which declares, "That " the charader of vefibls, relative to their quality of neu" ter or enemy, fhall be determined by their cargo ; in "1confequence, every veffel found at fea, loaded, in whole
"for in part, with nichandize the prod ufion of England
"6or of her poffefflons, fhall be declared good prize, who" ever the owner of thefe goods or merchandize may be."

The counfel for the claimant obje&ed to the reading of thofe difpatches, becaufe they were matter of faA. No new fad can be fhewn on the writ of error. Neither the pleadings, nor the ftatement of fads accompanying the record, give notice of introducing this new matter. B the aef congtefir, vol. x.p. 6o, 6f, a ftate of the cafe muft come up with the record ; and is conclufive on this court. 3 Dal. 32!, Wifcart v. Dauchy. ih.p. 327, .EIfworth, chiefjulice, faid, a writ of error removes only matter of law. Arrets and decrees of foreign governments, are matters of fad, and muff be proved as fuch, and the court can not nbtice them unlefs hewn in the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALBOT
N.
S__y..

pleadings, admitted or proved. x. P. Wins. 429, 43 . Freeimoult v. Dcdre. Douglas, 557. Bernardi v. Motteaux. The fame cafe in the 2d edition, p. 575 to 579. In that cafe the court could not take notice of the arret of July, 1778, as it had not been given in evidence at the trial.

The general condu& of France is a matter of fat,
which can only be noticed by the fovereign of the ftate.
Judznmcnt upon a writ of error muff be upon the fame fadls upon which the judgment below was predicated.
3 B!. Com. 405. (Wrilliams's edition 407.) 8. Term Rep.
438, 434, 566. If it is matter of law, it is not fuch law as is binding upon this court, and therefore they cannot officially take notice of it. Foreign laws mufr be
iproved as facts. 3 Woodefon 306. 2 Eq. ca. ab. 289, 476. 2. Salk. 651. Way v. Yally, 6 Mod. 19 S.fame cafe. Cowp. 174 , 175, Moflyn v. Fabrigas. The law mijt be given in evidence. ,Bos. & Pul. 171, 175, 138. 8 Term Rep. S66. Fats cannot be adduced to contradiCt,the record. 8 Term Rep. 438. In 2. Rob. I26. (American ed.) the Providentia. Dr. Scott relied on the king's inifrudions, but that was becaufe the king has the power of war and peace.

A ftate of the cafe is like a fpecial verdict; nothing' riew can be added to it.,

In i. Rob. S7. The Santa Cruz. Dr. Scott required the ordinances of Portugal to be proved, and evidence of the decifions of their tribunals upon them.

On the contrawy, it was faid by the counfelfor the libel
lant, that this cafe differs from evidence offered to ajury. In cha ncery, -if evidence is not legal the chancellor will
hear. t, but will give it no weight. The pamphlet containing the difpatches is offered to be read, not to flhew what are the municipal laws of France, but "whatis the
law of nations in Fiance; to fhew how it has been modified by that government. We are before this court as a court of admiralty, and not .as a court of common law.
All the world are parties to a decree of a courtof admiralty. Bernardiv,. Motteux. Doug. 560 or 58i. This court is now tn decide by the law of nations, not by municipal regp-

AUGUSr,' Boi.
lations. All the cafes cited againft us are cafes in cornmon law courts. But courts of admiralty take notice of foreign ordinances-which affe&l the law of nations, without their being fhewn in evidence. i Rob. Engliyk ed. 341. American ed. 287. The Maria. and x Rob. Englij/ ed. 368. American ed. 304 fame cafe.

TALBOT
.M. 8--.

The obje& in reading thefe difpatches is to fhew that
the law of nations was not refpe~ked in France ; that the conftru&ion of their courts of admiralty was fuch that their decifions could not conform to the law of nations,,
that the law of nations has been fo modified in France that there was no certainty of indemnity for neutrals, and that by the decrees and arrets of that government, the Amelia would have been condemned. They are of-
fered as the official communications of our authorized
agents abroad to the executive, and by that department communicated to congrefs, and publifhed in conformity to an-a& of congrefs (4. vol.p. 239.) for the information
of the citizens of the United States. This a& of congrefs has made them proper evidence before this court,
who are therefore bound to notice them. On the fubje& of admitting foreign ordinances in a court of admiralty no difficulty ever occured. The obje&ions are only
to private municipal regulations. Such, it is admitted, muff be proved as faas, but not when they are offered as explaining the law of nations. In i Rob. American ed.
288. (The Maria.) this very decree is cited ; and it is immaterial to us whether we read it out of the difpatchea or' out of the book which the oppofite counfel have already cited for other purpofes. By the fame rule that they read pages 57, and i r6, we may furely read page 288.

On the part of tb claimantit was replied,

That this decree is not an a& of congrefs, nor the
law of. nations, but fimply a law of France. The record is confined to the fa&s which originally came up with
the writ of error, or fuch as may afterwards be procured upon a fuggeftion of diminution. It is admitted that in equity, on an appeal to the houfe of lords, nothing new can be received. And nothing ought now to be read which was not before the circuit' court, or which that

SUPRE.ME COURT V. S.
rALBOT court was bound to notice. ,In.the cafes cited by the opWK. oMpofite counfel the arrows were read by confenat., A comL mon -law court is as much bound as a court of admiralty to take notice of the law of nations, on a queftion where that law appliesj and the rules by which common law courts are bound, as to evidence of the law of nations, are equally binding on courts of admiralty.
The court fuffered the dilpatcnes, and decrees of France, to be read, but referved the queftion, whether they ought to be con fidered in their decifion of this caufe, until the whole argument of the cafe fhould be finiffhed,
x te counfel for -tbe Jib/l1ant proceeded in the argument on the 2d point.
The decree of xith of January, 1798, was not repealed till the 14 th of December, 1799, and confequenfly was in full force at the time of the capture on,the 6th of September, i799. The fads ftated in the appendix to 2d vol. of Robertfon's reports, fhew that the French ad difcarded the law of nations, and that their condud towards neutrals had been fuch as to exclude every poffibility of efeape. So notorious was this'condud that fir William Scott makes it the ground of his decifion in various cafes.
It is not neceffary to (hew that the Amelia would certainly have been condemned. To entitle to- falvage jt is only neceffary to fhew that the was in a better condition by the re-capture. Her cargo was tharodudion of the poffeffions of England, and therefore by the decree of x8th January, i 79R, was liable to condemnation. The general condu& of France- and of the French courts of admiralty towards neutrals has been .repeatedly adjudged by Sir William Scott a good ground for falvage i Rob. 232. ('The Two Friends) 2 Rob. 246. ( The War Onkan'.)
3 dly. But without reforting to the general principle of a fervice being a ground for falvage, we claim it under the exprefs terms of the a& of congrefs of the 2d of March, 1799, entitled "an adft for the government of "the navy of the United States," §.7. voL.4.P. 471. by

AUGUST, Lgo,.

which it irena&ed "'that for the fhips or goods belongt.
" ing tQ the citizens of the UnitedI States, or to the citi(9zens or fubjeds of any. nation in amity with the ".,United States, if re-taken from the enemy within twexL ":ty-four hours, the owners are to allow one-eighth part
*' of the whole value for falvage, &,c and if after ninety-fix hours, one half ; all of which is to be paid with.
" out any deduffion whatfoever."

*.sAlzao ari

In the cafe of "Basand T'ingey it was decided by this court that France was to be confidered as an enemy. The cafe of the Amelia comes within the very words of this a& of congrefs. She is a fhip belonging to citizens of a nation in amity with the United States, re-taken from the enemy after a poffeffion of ninety-fix hours.
By the ail of congres of 2gth June, 1798, vol 4- P. 149, 150. property. of American 6itizens, re-captured by armed merchant veffels, is to be reftored on the payment of not lefs than one-eighth, and not more than onehalf for falvage. And bythe aaof 3 d March, x8oo, not lefs than one-fixth is allowed on re-capture by a private armed veffel, and one-eighth by a public fbip of war.

If then the re-capture of thi veffel was a lawful a6kj and if fervice was rendered thereby to the owners, the
re-captors are entitled to falvage, and the rate of that falvage is by the ad of congrefs fixed at one-half of the ,alue of the fhip and cargo.

On the part of the. claimant it was faid, that if France aud America were at peace, the re-capture was not au. thorized by the lawv of nations. The claim of falvage
muff reft on two grounds.

x. A right to interfere.

2. A benefit conferred on the owners.
x. It is admitted that a belligerent has a right to detain a neutral -veffel and carry her into port for. the purpofe of examination. The pofleflion of a belligerent muff, by third parties, be confidered as lawful, whatever may be the motive or intent of fueh poffeffion. 2 Wood fon

TALBOT
EMAN.
Y

SUPREME COURT U. S.
424. The belligerent has a lawful right to fearch merchant veffels, and this right cannot be confidered as in, jurious to the fair neutral trader. Refiftance to fuch fearch is unlawful, and fuch refiftance, a refcue, or an efcape, are fuflicient caufes to condemn the neutral veffel. Vattel. B. 3. c. 7. §"114. p. 507. 1 Rob. 304. (Te Maria.)
The a& of the re-captor's, then being in aid of the unlawful refiftance of the neutral, muft in itfelf be illegal. 'Ihe courts of the captors only are competent to decide the queftion of prize or no prize. American'citizens have no right to interfere, and wreft the neutral veffel from the poflhflion of the belligerent.
The French have been reprefented as pirates, bo/les humanigeneris. But if France has waged fo general a war on neutral property, has not England done the fame?
We find in theircourts, that when a benefit is to accrue to Britiih fubjeCds, by fuch a decifion, they decide that. France muft be prefumed to refpea the law of nations and to decree reftitution ; i Rob. 84, 85. (The Betfey.) 7 erm Rep. 695. Geyer v. Aquilar; but when falvage is to be given to Britifh re-captors of neutral property, then it appears that Frrnce has loft all regard for the law of nations, and there is no chance of efcape from her courts
of admiralty. i Rob. 232. (The Two Friends.) 2 Rob.
246. ( Ie. War Oqikan.).
But it is contended that the courts of France would have decided according to the decree of i8th January, 1798, and not according to the law of nations. This is not to be prefumed but if it was, however tyrannical the condudf of a belligerent may be, no neutral can lawfully interfere, -unlefs fhe herfeif is injured, or her property or rights are affeCted ; and even theni individuals' cannot a&t. The injury muft be redreffed by the government in the way of negociation or war. What was the conduit of our goverriment in fuch a cafe ? It firft chofe to negociate, and then to prepare for war. At the time the negociation was begun, all the injurious decrees were in force, full in the vkew of the legiflature, who authorized certain meafures of hoftility; but no citizen could

AUGUST, x8oi.

go one ftep beyond what was authorized. The liability of the Amelia to condemnation in a French court of admiralty, created no right in captain Talbot to capture her,
even if that condernation was certain. But the fats of this cafe do not warrant fuch a conclufion. The fa& ftated is that "the fhip Amelia failed from Ca-utl, in
BBengalin the month of April, 1799, loaded with a car" go of the produd and manufa6lory of that coun!ry." What country ? Bengal; but Bengal is not ftatd to be one of the poffeffions of England. Not long fince the province of Bengal was in poflhffion of fovereign princes; but it does not appear how far they have been fubdued by the Englifh. It is. true that the libel fp~aks of Calcutta as
being an Englifli port in the Eaft-Indies, but it does not follow that the whole country of Bengal has been fubjae'ed to the Britifh power. Befides it is not the port
rom whence the veffel fails which taints the cargo, bfit its quality, as being the produdion of an Englifh poffeffion. Hence it does not appear that the Amelia was liable to condemnation under the decree of i8th January, 1798, and we cannot prefume that ihe would have been
condemned. The French captors did not pretend fhe was liable ufider that decree, but fent her in to be judged according to the laws of war; that is, according to the law of hations as applicable to a flate of war; and there being no fat Rated to the contrary, we are to fuppofe that file would have been fo judged, and not otherwife. To have interfered on our part to prevent this would have been a
juft caufe of hoftili'ies againft us. No citizen ought to be allowed to come into our courts to claim a reward fo an adt which hazards the peace of the country.

TALBOT v'.
SPEMA'4.
--v-'

If benefit be the criterion of falvage, then the greater
the fervice, the greater ought to be the falvage. But if the confirudtion, given by the oppofite coufel, to the ad of 2d March, 799, be corred, then the-fame falvage is due for the re-capture of a clear neutral, as of a belligerent. And yet in common wars no falvage at all is due for
the re-capture of a neutral.

Every neutral nati6n has a right to choofe her own manner of redrets. We-have no right to interfere, or to decide how far her veffels are liable to condemnation under French decrees. She may be willing to truft to ie
C

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALiOT
IV.
SEEMAN.
"Y

chances of acquittal or indemnification. We have no, right to legiflate upon the property of a foreign independent nation, and to fay that we will, whether youl
confent or not, refcue your veffels from the French, .and
then make you pay us. falvage. Vittel. B. 2. ch. I. §. 7 p. i 23. If an aa, intended folely for my benefit, is advfiitageous to another, I am not entitled to reward. 2 Rob. 23, 24. (The Jrheid.) In order to ground a claim
of falvage, the danger of the property muff have been not hypothetical, but abfolute, . not diftant and uncertain,
but immediate and imminent: the ad of faving, muff have been done with that fole int-ent, and muff have beeui attended with labour, lofs, expenfe or hazard to the falvor. The Amelia was taken by captain Tabot, and libelled as a French veffel; his objed was not to fave a neufral, but to capture a belligerent- Under fuch a rnifake he might have a right to examine her further, but the moment fhe proved to be neutral property he ought to have releafed her. His miftake can be no ground for a claim of falvage. It is a mere juftification of an a6l of force, and as fuch may fave him from the payment of damages and cofts. In this cafe there was no danger to the property, no trouble in faving it, nor any intention toL benefit the owners. In Beawes Lt'x. mer. vol. x. p. 158, it is faid'that 'to fupport a claim of falvage, the veffel mutt be in evident hazard, and muff be faved by means ufed with- that fole view.

The owner was a eitizen of an independent nation, and ought to have had his ele&ion. Where is the law or the authority that allows .falvage to one belligerent taking from another the property of a neutral ? By the
Rate of' the cafe this veffel was'nettral as to all the belligerent powers. If the captor had applied for her, fhe muff have been given up, upon the authority of the cafe
of Glafs.and Gibbs, 3 Del. 6. without any compenfation for re-capture. Among the cafes cited, the only one againft
us is 2 Rob. 246. (The Wt'ar Onrkan.) In that cafe fir Wil-
.liarn Scott lays, that " lately" it has been the pratice of his court to give falvage on re-capture of neutral property out of the hands of the French; but that fu(h is not the modern prartice of the law of nations and upon this plain principle, that the liberation of a clear neuti'al from the hand of the enemy, is no eflential fervice rendered to him ; in as much as that fame enemy wouldbe

AUGUST, t8oz.

19

compelled by the tribunals of his own country, after he had carried the neutral into port, to releafe him with cofts and damages for the injurious feizure and detention. But in that very cae, however, we fee that he might thortly change his courfe of decifions on that fubj'e, fo that very probably, had that cafe been decided in the next term, it would have been decided differently. No judge has a right to decide upon the departure of other nations from the law of nations, whatever evidence of fuch departure he may poflhfU. There wi:i be a variance
in the decifions of the lower courts; it fhould, therefore, be put upon fuch a footing as to make it clear and plain to all the judges of the inferior courts, This decifion of fir Willham Scott is a creature of his own, which he himfelf promifes to change when the fituation of affairs
will allow.

TALBOT
',.
SEEMAN.

Sir William Scott gives faivage expTefsly on the ground of fervice rendered, on account of the kind of hoftiity which France exercifed tbwards neutrals. But in this cafe the ftatement of fa&s excludes, the idea of hoftility
between France and Hamburgh. The law of nations gave no right to re-capture. The authority under the a&s of congrefs muff be conftied firi&ly, and confined to their exprefs provifions. Neither the executive, nor individuals, 'noi the courts have a right to alter them.

So far as war is not authorized by congrefs there is peace. It was not contemplated by any a& of congrefs
that our veffels fhould capture llamburgh veffels. .The mifchief to be remedied by the ac of May was that the fmall armed veffels of France were hovering on our coafts and taking our veffels almoft in our ports. The a& of
congrefs has completely met the evil, by authorizing the capture of fuch French veffels as had taken, or were found hovering for the purpofe of taking our veflels. This a&, therefore, does not authorize the capture of a Hamburgh veffeL There is no law which authorizes a capture for two purpofes, viz. to be condemned as a French veflel or to be fubjeaed to falvage as a neutral. The Amelia was not navigating under the authority; or pretended authority of France. She was engaged in a lawful trade. But if the French took poffcffion of her
under fufpicion of uxilawful trade, that gave us no au-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALBOT
IV. Svi: AN.

thority to take her from the poffeffion of France, the property, under the law of nations, not being changed. The taking being unlawful can fupport no claim of fal-
vage.

The a& of July, 1798, authorizes only the capture of armed French veffels, and confines the cafes of recapture to the fhips or goods of citizens or refidents of the United States. The capture can only be juftified by
the doubtful charader of the veffel, and as foon as that was known to be neutral, capt. Talbot ought to have xlifmiffed her; the detention afterwards was unlawful and will not juftify a decree for falvage. This veffel, it is true, might have been ufed to diftrefs our commerce, and this might poffibly be an excufe for detaining her, of even diftmantling her, but will not entitle him to falvage.

If this veffel was lawful prize to France, then France has a claim for indemnity; but as fhe has made no claim -we muff prefume the veffel would have been reftored by her to the owners.

The ad of congrefs of March 2, 1799, upon which the counfel for the libellant rely, does not contemplate a cafe like the prefent. That is a permanent law, not made for the prefent war only, but intended to apply to all future wars. It could not therefore intend to give falvage on the recapture of a neutral from a belligerent, whichis not given by the law of nations, and which, it is allowed on all hands, is given this war, for the firft
ime, only on account of the condud of France towards neutrals, and will ceafe when that condudt fliall be alter-
ed. Befides, it would give the fame reward for taking the property of a neutral out .of the hand of his friend,
as out of the hand of his enemy. The word " enemy" in the 7 th fedion of that ad, means the enemy of us and our ally whbfe veffel is re-captured by our armed veffels-and not 'our enemy who is the friend of our ally.
If then this is not a flatutory cafe of falvage, we muft recur to the queftion of benefit. In the court below they relied wholly on the adt of congrefs. Not a word was lIaid refpeffing the'fervice rendered. Let us then confider the claim of quantum meruit. To fupport this, there muff be,

AUGUST, t86'.

i. A lawful confideration, and 2. A contraa exprefs or implied.

TALISOT IV.
SEEMAN.

To make the confideration lawful, it muft be permit.ted by law; afortiori it muff not be contrary to law.

It is not authorized by our law to take the property of
a neutral out of the poffellion of his friend, and it is in direa oppofition to policy, as it tends to commit* the peace of the country.

It is not alledged that there was any exprefs contra&;
and a contrat cannot be implied, becaufe the intent with which fhe was taken, viz. to be condemned as a French
armed veffel, excludes the idea. Nor can an implied contraa be raifed on the retaining her, becaufe that was a fRate of durefs, which cannot be made the ground of a reward.

But if this cafe is to be confidered upon a quantum
meruit, then the amount of falvage muff depend upon the danger and the exertion. i.Rob. Shx. (Tbe St. Bernardo,) and x. Rob. 240. (Te Two Friends.) It is faid that in cafes of unauthorized capture or re-capture, the property goes to the crown; 2. Rob.i 45' (f'Ie. Princefa,) and it is fometimes referred to the court to fix the reward of the captors. It follows then that the property goes to the government, and they alone can fix the reward. But our code gives no right to falvage in
this cafe, nor does the fRite of hoffilities between the two countries, as difelofed on the record, juftify it. But if the decree, and the notoriety of the mifcondu't of France, are to be admitted to prove a benefit confqr-
red, who can fay it was worth 94,0oo dollars ; the half of the grofs amount of fales of the thip and cargo? Neither the fervice rendered, the danger to the property,
nor the exertion in faving it, can juftify fo enormous a
reward.

The decree of France might be only in terrorem, and fo no danger. If the Amelia was not liable to condemnation in the French courts, then no fervice was render-
ed, and confequently no falvage ought to be dllowed.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALSor .V.
SEEIMAN.
'If

But if fhe was liable to condemnation, then the re. capture is a violation of the rights of France.
France violates the laws of nations, it is no juftification of a violation of them on our part. An illegal power to take, given by France to her,cruizers, does not. authorize us to re-take.

In the cafe of Bafs v. Tingey, Feb. term, 8oo, in the .fureme court of the United States, the reafoning of the court feems to admit that the af of 2d March, 1799, will not apply, in the prefent flate of hoftilities, to recaptures of the veffels of nations'in amity with the United States, unlefs the owners are refidents of the United .States; becaufe there could be no lawful re-capture of a neutral from the hand of a belligerent.

·udge Moore, in delivering his opinion in that cafe fays, "It is however more particularly urged, that the word " enemy" can not be applied to the French,; becaufe the
" feftion, in which it is ufed, is confined to fuch a ftate " of war, as would authorize a re-capture of property be" longing to a nation in amity with the United States, and " fuch a flate Of wuar does not ex/ii between America and " France. A number of books have been cited to furnifh "a gloffary on the word eneiny ; yet, our fituation is fo " extraordinary, that I doubt whether a parallel cafe ' can be traced in the hiftory of nations. But if words " are the reprefentatives of ideas, let me aik by what
" other word th. idea of the relative fituation of America "and France could be commuhicated, than by that of "Itoo#ility or -ar ? And how can the charaders of the 4f parties engaged in hoftility or war, be otherwife de-
4( fcribed than by the denomination of . enemies." It is "9 for the honor and dignity'of both nations, therefore, " that they fhould be called enemies ; for it is by that cc defcription alone, that either could juftify or excufe, the 4fcene of bloodfled, depredation and confifcation, which " has unhappily occurred ; and, furely, congrefs could " only employ the language of the a41 of June 13,J 798, ,c towards a nation-whom fhe confidered as an enemy."

" Nor does it follow that the ad of March, 1799, is c to have no operation, becaufe all the cafes in 'which it

AUGUST,..x8oi.

0 might operate, are not in exyi/ence at the time of paflling c it. During the prefent hoffilities, it affe&s the cafe ,t of re-captured property belonging to our own citizens,
" and iip the even't of a future war it might alfo be ap" plied to the cafe of re-captured property belonging to
" a nation in amity 'with the United States.

TALBOT
V..
SEMAN.

· And in the fame cafe, Judge Wafhington obierved, "that hoftilities may fubfift between two nations, more " confined in its nature and extent ; being limited as to
places, perfons and things; and this is more properly ' termed imperfet- war ; becaufe not foemn, and becaufe
" thofe who are authorized to commit hoflilities, ai under
"Ifperial authority, an( can go no further than to the extent
"of their commj/ion." And again he fays, , It has like" wife been faid that the 7 th fe6Uon of the a t of March, *' 1799, embraces cafes which according to pre-exifting " laws, could not then take place, becaufe no authority " had been given. to re-capture friendly veffels from the " French, and this argument was ftrongly and forcibly " preffed.
" But becaufe every cafe provided for by this law was
" not then exifling, it does not follow that the law fhould
"not operate upon fuch as did exift, and-upon the rf/ " whenever they flould arife. It is a permanent law em- bracing a variety of fubjels ; not made in relation to " the prefent war With France only, but in relation to c any future war with her, or with any other nation. It " might then very properly allow falvage for re-capturing " of American veffels from France, which had previoufly
" been authorized by law, though it could not immedi" ately apply to the veffels of friends ; and whenever fuch " a war fhould exift between the United States and France, " or anyother nation, as, according to the law of nations,
4 or fpecial authority, wouldjula5 the re-captureoffriend.-
" ly v ffh, it might on, that event, with fimilar propriety, " apply to them ; which furnifles, I think, the true con-"firudtion of the a&t."

"The opinion which I delivered at New-York, in
( Talbot v. Seeman, was, that although an American vef" fel could not juftify the taking of a neutral veffel from " the French, becaufe neither the fort of war that fub-

SUPREME COURT 15. .

TALBQT
SV.r SEMA ,

"ifted, nor the fpecial commiffion under which the American .ced, authorized the proceeding, yet that the
" 7 th fedion of the aa of 1799, applied to re-captures
9"from France, as an enemy, in all cafes authorized by con. "6grefs. And op both points my opinion remains unc fhaken ; or rather has been confirmed by, the very able " difcuffion which the fubjed has lately undergone in " this court, on the appeal from my decree."*

Similar fentiments were alfo expreffed by Judge Chafe
and Judge Paterfon in the fame cafe. From thefe opinions it feems clearly to refult that the adl of March 2d 1799, can not be the rule of falvage in this cafe.

On the part of the libellant it was flated in reply, as to
the admiffibility, of the difpatches from the American envoys, and the French arret of i8th January, 1798, that courts of admiralty will always take notice of fuch laws of foreign countries as go to modify or change the law of nations, and a e not bound bythe fame rules of evi-
dence, as courts of common law. i. Dal.364. Loft. 63 . Doug. 619. 622. 649. 65o. 554. The oppofite counfel have cited and relied on Robertfon's reports to fhew what was the ancient law of France, and furely we have as good a right to cite the fame book to fhew what is the prefent law of France. In J Rob. 288. (The Maria,) this arret of France is cited and argued upon by the jqdge.

The cafes cited by the oppofite counfel to fhew that foreign laws muil be proved as fafs, are all cafes at common law, or relate to the mere municipal laws of a foreign country; and are not fuch as go to modify or explain the law of nations, as that country has adopted it.

The cafe in P. Williams refers to a municipal law
which had no connedion with the law of nations. The fame obfervation applies to the cafes from 6 Mod. and 2 Salk. No cafe can be produced where a law of a foreign
country, authenticated as this is, by an a& of the legiflature of our country, has been refufed to be confidered by a court.

This care of Talbot v, Scemin, was argued once before, in this court, at Philadelphia.

AUGUST, 1 0 1 ;

As to the objection that the cargo does not appear to be
the produalon of England or her poffeffions, becaufe there is no evidence that the whole of the province of Bengal has been fubjefed to the dominion of England ; it may be fufficient to obferve, that the libel and anfwer admit Calcutta to be an Englifh port, and the cafe ftated fays, the veffel failed from Calcutta in Bengal, loaded with a cargo of the produd and manufactory of that country. It being admitted'that Calcutta is an Englifh port, and that the cargo was the produdion of that country, it follows,
unlefs the contrary is clearly fhewn in eiidence, that the cargo was the produ& of an Englifh poffeffion.

TaLBOT
SEMAN. _

It is faid that there is no evidence that France carried her ,unjuft decrees into execution, and that they might only be enaded in terrorem. But the fa& is notorious to all the world. Congrefs have exprefsly declared it in the preambles of their afs. The whole fyftem of hoftility is founded upon it, and can be juftified on no other ground. They have further declared it by ordering the difpatches to be publifhed and diftributed among the citizens .of the United States, for their information. It
,would be ftrange if this court fitting here as a court of the law of nations to try a caufe in which all the word are parties, Ihould be the only perfons in the world ignorant of the faa.

The general principle is admitted that falvage is not due for the re-capture of a neutral from a belligerent, and for this reafon that by the law of nations the neutral would be refored by the captor with damages and cofis. But qe/ante ratione, cf//at lex. And it follows by powerful inference that if the captor would not have reftored the neutral with damages and cofts, falvage ought to be allowed. To bring the Amelia within this inference, it is only necefary to (hew that fhe would not have been reRored with damages and cofts. If the court fhotild take iifto confideration the arret of, x 8th January, 1798, and the fa& that the cargo was the produfion of an Englifh poffeflion, there is. no doubt but, inftead of being reftored with damages and cofts, fhe would have been condemned and totally loft to the owners. Is no fahage due for fa certain and fo fignal a benefit?
D

TAtBHo?
s.E^A,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
It is faid that unlefs falvage is exprefsly givent by the al of congrefs, it can only be claimed upon a contrad, either exprefs, or implied. This is not the cafe. The claim of falvage upon re-capture never is fuppofed to arife ex contra/tu. It is given as a reward for the benefit received, and where there is no exprefs flatute upon the fibjeft, the amount is to be regulated, not by the 1bour or hazard of the ve-captor, nor by hisintention.to confer a benefit, but by the fuppofid amount which the owner would have been willing to give for the refeue of his property. Woodefin, 423. In I Rok. 234. 235. (Tff e Timu .Friends,) the rule of falvage on refcue is faid to be q*anturn tneruit. And in the fame cafe, p. 232, fir W. Scoti fays, "It has been flightly queftioned in the a& of court, - \which contains the expofition of fa&s given by both 4Cparties) whether there was fiach a Riate of hoftilities be. it tween America and France as to raife a title of falvage "for American goods retaken from the French. But " this point has not been purfued in argument ; and in-. " deed I hould wonder if it had, after the determinations "9of this court, which hare in various intlances, decreed se falvage in fimilar cafes. It is not for me to fay wheit thor America is at war with France, or not; but the - condua of France towards America has been fuch de ".fai'o, as to induce American owners to acknowledge " the fervices by which they have recovered their Thips " and cargoes out of the hands of French cruizers by o' force of arms."
In the'cafe of Bas & Tingey, the queftion was not argued, whether falvage could be claimed upon the re-capture of a neutral, on the ground of benefit rendered ; and therefore the opinion of the court in that cafe does not militate with our claim.
Auguft xith. Marfb&dI, Ckief Yuflice, delivered the opinion of the court.
This is a writ of error to a decree of the circuit court for the diftri& of New-York, by which the decree of the diftri& court of that flte, reftoring the flhip Amelia ,to her owner on the payment of one-half for falvage, was, reverfed, and a decree rendered, direffing the rettoration of the veffel without falvage.

AUGUST, Sox.
The fa&s agreed by the pasties, and the pleadings in the Ganfe, pmefent the following cafe:

TALBST
SEMA.

The fhip Amelia failed from Calcutta in Bengal, in April. 1799, loaded with a cargo of the produdf and manufacftory of that country, and was bound to Hamburgh.
On the 6th September fhe was captured by the French xiational corvette La Diligente, commanded by L. J. Dubois, who took out the captain, part of the crew, and moft of the papers of the Amelia, and putting a prize
snafter and French failors on board her, ordered her to
St. Domingo to be judged according to the laws of war.

On the i 5th of September (he was re-captured by captain Talbot, commander of the Conftitution, who ordered ker iat New-York for adjudication.

At the time of the re-capture, the Amelia had eight iron cannon, and eight wooden guns, with which ibe left Calcutta. From the fhips papers, and other teftimony,
ita.ppeaied that ffie was the property of Chapeau Rouge, a Citizen and merchant of Hamburgh ; and it was conceded by the council below, that France and Hamburgh
were not in a ftate of hoftility with each other, and that Hamhurgh was to be confidered as neutral between the prefent belligerent powers.

The diftrift court of New-York, before whom the caufg¢ firfcatme, decreed one-half of the grofs amount of the thip and cargo as falvage to the re-captors. The circuit court of New-York reverfed this decree, from which reverfal, the re-captors appealed to this court.
The Amelia was libelled as a French veffel, and the libellant prays that the may be condemned as prize; or, ifrefored to any perfon entitled to her as the former own-
, -that fuch reftoration ihould be made on paying falvage. The. claim aid aniwer of Hans Frederick Seeman, difclofeg the. neutral charakter of the veellI, and claims her.on behalf of the owners.

The quettions growing out of thefe faa~s, and to be de.. cided by the court, are-

TALBoT

SEEMAN.

S

A

SUPREME COURT U. S.
Is, captain Talbot, the plaittiff in error, entitled to any, and if to any, to what falvage in the' cafe Which has been
flated ?
Salvage is a compenfation for adual fervice rendered to the property charged with it.
It is demandable of right for veffels faved from-pirates, or from the enemy.
in order, however, to fupport the demand, two circumftances muff concur.
ft. The taking muff he lawful.
2d. There muff be a meritorious fervice rendered to the re-captured.
it. The taking muff be lawful-for no claim can be maintained in.a court of juftice, founded on~an ad in itfelttortious. On a re-6apture, therefore, made by-a neutral power, no claim for falvage can 2rife, becaufe the ad of re-taking is a hoftile ad, not juftified by the fituation of the nation to which the veffel making the re-capture belongs; in relation to that from the poffeffion of which fuch re-captured vefrel was taken. The degree of fervice rendered the refcued veffel is precifely the fame as if it had been rendered by a belligerent;. yet the rights accruing to the re'captor are not the fame, becaufe no right can accrue from an ad in itfelf unlawful.
In order then to decide on the right of-captain Talbot it becomes neceffary to examine the relative fituation of the' United States and France at the date of the re-capture
The whole powers of war being, by the conftitution of the United States, vefted in congrefs, the a&s of that body can alone be reforted to as our guides in this enquiry.' It is not denied, nor in the courfe of the argument has it been denied, that congrefs may authorize general hoililities, in which cafe the .general laws of war apply to ohr fituation ;'or partial hoftilities, in which cafe the laws of war, fo far as they aCtually aiply to our fituation, muff be noticed.

AUGUST, i8oi.

To determine the real fituation of America in regard TALIOT

to France, the ads of congrefs are to be infpeded.

W.
699[MAN.

The firft a& on this fubje& paffed on the 28th of May, 1798, and is entitled " An ad more effedually to proteft
the commerce and coafts of the United States."

This adl authorizes any armed veffel of the United States to cpture any armed veffel failing under the authority, or pretence of authority, of the republic of France, which ihall have: committed depredations on veffelsbelong-,
ing to the citizens of thb, United States, or which fhall be found hovering on the coafts for the purpofe of committing fuch depredations. It alfo authorizes the ie-capture of vfels belonging to the citizens of the United States.

On the 25th of June, 1798, an ad was paffed "to authorize the tefence of the merchant veffels of the United States'againft French depredations."

This ad empowers merchant veffels, ownea. wholly by citizens of the United States, to defend themfelves agaillft aily attack which may be made on them by'the commander or crew of any armed veffel failing under French colours, or ading, or pretending to a&, by or urider the authority of the irrench republic; and to capture any fuch veffel. This a& alfo authorizes the re capture of.merchant veffels belonging to the citizens of the United States. By the 2d fedion, fuch armed veffel is to be brought in and condemned for the ufe of the owners and captors.

By the fame fe&ion, re-captured veffels belonging to the -citizens of the United States, are to be reflored, they paying for falvage not lefs than one-eighth nor .more than one-half of the true value of fuch veffel and cargo.

On the 28th of June, an ad paffed" in addition to the adft more efethually to prote& the commerce and coafts of the United States."

This authorizes the condemnation of veffels brought in under the firft a&,with their cargoes, excepting only from fuch condemnation the goods of any citizen or perfon re-

TAW*

SUPREME cUtRT V. S.
4fdent wi-thin the United Sttes, which iball hnvebee e_-
fore takep by the crew o (ech .eaptured veiiW.
The feeond fedion peovides that whenever any veffl or goods the property of any citizen of the United ,Stasxaor perfon reftdent therein, fhafl be re~captured, the fame 4hal be reftored, he paying for falvage one-eighth part of the vahle, free from all deduaiono.
On the 9 th of July another law was euatred " turthew to protec tie Conamcle of the United State&."
This aa authorizes the public ared rviels.df d United Stats to take any armed French Ve&1 found on the high frai. It alfo direds fuch armed veffel, with her apparel, guns, &c. and the goods and effeffs found on board, being French property, to,be condcmwed aas rfeited.
The fame power of capture is extended to private armd vel*h.
The 6th fedition oroyides, tdat the vef'el w goods of "any citizen of the United. States, or perfon refiding t-em, in, fhall be reltored, an paying for falvage not ;fs tha-a one eighth, nor more than one half, of the vaht :of f44 re-capture, without any dedufion.
The 7th fedion of the ad for the government of the wavy, pafTed the 2d of March, 7.99, ena&.s, "That for the fhips or goods belonging to the citizens of the United States, or to the citizens or fubjefs of any nation in amity with theUnited States, if re-takee within twonty-four hourG, the owners are to allow one eighth part of the 'whole value for falvage," and if they have remained above ninety.fix hnrs in pilffeffim of tlw enemy,. oa half is to be allowed.
On the 3d of March ifoo, congrefs paACd "-an 44 providing for falvage in cafes of re-capture."
Thio law regulates the faWrage to be paid "when any reWels or goods, which fhall be taken as prize as aforcfaid, fhall appear to have before belonged to,an..perfbn or per,

forsi jienmnently rcfidetl wii~n the tevisort and uid~r the-protedion-o fay foreign rpince, go*ernmvnt or Rate, in amity with the United States, and to have been taken
by an enemy of the United 8tates, or by ,athrity, or pretence of authority from any prince, government, of
Rate, alainft whith. the Uited States have authoifed, or lh, authoifedefence or reprifals."

TAts#47
"-

Thefe are the laws of the United States, which define their fituation in regard to France, and which regulate falvage to accrue on re-captures made in contequence of that fitation.

A neutral armed vel'el which has been otured, god
which is commanded and manned by Frenchmen, whe-
iler found cruiring on the high fens, or failing die&iy for a French port, does not come within the defeription of thofe which the laws authorife an American (hip of war to eaptt'e, unlefs fe be confidered quo~d hoe as i French veffeL

Very little doubt can be entertained but that a veffel
thus circumftanced, encountering an American unarmed merchantman, or one which thould be armed, but of it. ferior force, would as readily capture fuch merchantmati as if the had failed immediately from the ports of France,' One dire& and declared obje& of the war then, which was the proteaion of the American commerce, would as certainly require the capture of fuch a veffel as of others more determinately fpecified. But the right4 of i sieutral veffel, which the government of the United-States cannot be confidered as having difregarded, here intervene ; and the veffel certainly is not, corre&ly fpeaking,
a French veffel.

If the Amelia was not, on the i th September 1799, a French veffel withir, the deficription of the aa of con., grefs, could her capture be lawful ?'

It is, I believe, a univerfal principle, which applies to thofe engaged in a partial, as well as thofe engaged in
a general war, that where there is probable caufe to believe thc veqfel met with at fia, is in the cpndition of one

TALBOT
IV.
SEEMAN

SUPREME COURT U. S.
liable to capture, it is lawful to take her, and fubje t her to the examination a~nd adjudication of the courts.
The Amelia was an armed veffel commanded and manned by Frenchmen. It does not appear that there was evidence on board to afcertain her charater. It is not then to be queftioned, but that there was probable caufe to bring her in for adjudication.
The re-capture then was lawful.
But it has been infifted that this re-capture was only lawful in confequence of the doubtful chAraler of the Amelia, and that no right of falvage can accrue from an a which was founded in miftake, and which is only juftified by the difficulty of avoiding error) arifing from the doubtful icircumftances of the cafe.
The opinion of the court is, that had the charader of the Amelia been completely afcertained by capt. Talbot, yet as fhe was an armed vcffel under French authority, and in a condition'to annoy the American commerce; it was his duty to render her incapable, of mifchief.--T have taken out the' arms of the crew, was as little a~thorized by the conftru&ion of the ad of congrefs contended for by the claimants, as to have taken poffeffion, of the veffel herfelf.
It has, I believe, been pradifed in the courfe of the prefent war, and if not, is certainly Oery pradicable, to man a prize and cruife with her for a confidera~le time without fending her in for condemnation. The property of fuch veffel would not, ftriffly fpeaking, be changed fo ns to become a French veffel, and yet it would probably have been a great departure from the real intent of con.grefs, to have permitted fuch vefiel to cruife unmolefted. An armed fhip under thefe circumftances might have attacked one of the public veffels of the United States. The ads which have been recited exprefsly authorife the capture of fuch veffel fo commencing hoftilities, by a private armed fhip, but not by one belonging iothe public, To fuppofe that a capture would in one cafe be lawful, and in the other unlawful; or to fuppofe that even ini the limited ftate of hofilities in which we were placed, two

AUGUST, i8ot.

veffels armed and manned by the enemy, and equally cruizing on American commerce, might the one be lawfully captured, while the other, though an aaual affailant, could not, or if captured, that the aLt could only be juftifled from.the probable caufe of capture furniihed by appearances ; would be to attribute a capricioufnefs to our
legiflation on the fubje&t of war, which can only be proper
when inevitable.

'TALSOT 'v.
SP.MAN.

There muff then be incidents growing out of thofe aCts
of hoftility fpecifically authorifed, which a fair conftruclion of the ads will authorize likewife.

This was obvioufly the fenfe of congrefs.

If by the laws of congrefs on this fubje",thatbody flall appear to have legiflated upon a perfed convietion that the ftate of war in which this country was placed, was
fuch as to authorize re-captures generallyfrom theenemy; if one part of the fyftem fhall be manifefly founded on.
this conftrudion of the other part, it would have confiderable weight in rendering certain what might before have been doubtful.

Upon a critical inveftigation of the affs of congrefs it will appear, that the right of re-capture is exprefsly given in no fingle initance, but that of a veffel or goods belonging io a citizen of the United States.

It will alfo appear that the quantum of falvage is tegulated, as'if the right to it exifed previous to the regulation.

Although no right of re-capture is given in terms for
the veffels and goods belonging to perfons refiding within the United States not being citizens, yet an a&t, paffed fo early as the 2Sth of June 1798, declares, that veffels
and goods of this defcription, when re-captured, Thall be
raftored on paying falvage ; thereby plainly indicating that fuch re-capture was fufliciently warranted by law to be the fwordation of a claim fot falvagd.

If the re-capture of teflels of one defeription, not ex-
p'efsly autbmrined by the very ttams of the act of ceogrefs E

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALBOT
v-
SEEMA.*

be yet a rightful ad, recognized by congrefs, as the funw-. dation for a claim to falvage, which claim congrefs pro-. ceeds to regulate, then it would feem that othere-cap-
tures from. the fame enemy are equally rightful;. and where the claim they afford for falvage has no t ben re, gulated by congrefs, fuch claim muft be determined by the principles of general law.

In this fituatiori remained the re-captured veffels of any
other power alfo at war with France; until the aa of the 2d of March, 1799, which regulates the falvage demandable from them. Neither by that ad, nor by any previous. ad, was a power given in terms, to re-capture fuch veffels. But their re-capture was an incident which unavoidably grew cut of the ifate of the war. On the capture of a
French veffel, having with her as a prize, the veffel of fuch a power, the prize was inevitably re-captured. On the idea that the re-capture was lawful and that it was a foundation on which the right to falvage could ftand, the legiflature in March 1799, declare. what the amount of that falvage fhould be.

The expreffion of this adl is by no means explicit. If it extends to neutrals then it governs in this cafe , if otherwife, the law refpedfing them ontinued frillonlger on the fame ground with the law refpeding a belligerent, prior
to the paffage of the ad of the 2d of k4arch, 1799. Thus itcontinued until the 3 d of March 80oo, when the legiflature regulated the falvage to be paid by neutrals, re-captured from a power againif which the United States have authorized defence. or reprifals.

This ad having paffed fubfequent to the re-capture of' the -Amelia, can certainly not affed that cafe as to the quantity of falvage, or give a right to falvage which did not exilt before. But.it manifefts, in like manner with
the laws already commented on, the fyftem which congrefs confidered itfelf as having eft~blifhed. This ad was
paffed at a time when no additional hoftility againft France
could have been contemplated. It was only defigned to keep up the defenfive .fyftem which had before been formed, andwhich it was deemed neceffaryto continue, till the negotiation then pending fhould have a pacific termination. Accordingly there is no expreffion in the adt ex-

AUGUST, x8oi.

35

tending the power of re-capture, or giving it in the cafe of neutrals. This power is fuppofed to exifi as an incident growing out of the fiate of war, and the right to falvage
produced by that ppwer is regulated in the a&.

TALBOT
I'V
SEEM 4N.

In cafe of a re-capture fubfequent to the aCt, no doubt could be entertained, but that falvage, according to its
terms, would be demandable. Yet there is not a fyllable in it which would warrant an idea that the right of recapture was extended by it, or did not exift before.

It muf then have exifted from the paffage of the laws, which commenced a general refiftance to the aggreffions we had fo long experienced and fubmitted -to.

It is not unworthy of notice that the firft regulation of the right ofd falvage in the cafe of a re-capture, not exprefsly enumerated among the fpecified ads. of hoftility warranted by the law, is to be found in one of thofe a&s which jconftitute a part of the very fyftem of defence determined on by congrefs, and is the firft which fubjefs to condemnation the prizes made by our public ihips of
war.

It has not efcaped the confideration of the court that a legiflative ad, founded on a miftaken opinion of what was law, does not change the"adualftate of the law as to pre-exifting cafes.

This principle is not thaken by the opinion now given.
The court goes no further than to ufe the provifions in one of feveral adts forming a general. fyftem, as explanatory of other parts of the fame fyftem ;and this appears
to be in obedience to the beft eftablifhed rules of expofition, and to be neceffary to a found conftrudion of the
law.

An objedion was made to the claim of falvage by one of the counfel for the defendant in error, unconneded with the ads of congrefs, and which it is proper here to
notice.

He ftates that to give title to falvage the means ufed muft not. only have produced the benefit, but muft have

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALBOT
IV.
SE EMA N.

been ufed with that fole view. For this he cites Beawes lex mercatoria 15 8.
The principle is applied by Beawes to the fingle cafe of a veffel faved at fea by throwing overboard a part of her cargo. In thac cafe the principle is unqueftionably corre&, and in the cafe of a re-capture it is as unqueftion. ably incorred. The re-captor is feldom actuated by the fole view of faring the veffel, and in no cafe of the fort has the enquiry ever been made.
It is then the opinion of the court on a confideration of the ads of congrefs, and of the circumftances of the cafe, that the re-capture of the Amelia was lawful, and tha, if the claim to falvage be in. other refpe&s well founded, there is nothing to defeat it in the charakder of the original taking.

It becomes then neceirary to enquire-

2d. Whether there has been fuch a meritorious fervice rendered to the re-captured as entitles the re-captor to
falvage.

The Amelia was a neutral fhip, captured by a French cruizer, land re-captured while on her way to a French port, to be adjudged according to the laws of war.

It is Rated to be the fettled doeqrine of the law of nafions, that a neutral veffel captured by a belligerent is to be difcharged without paying falvage : and for this feveral
authorities- have been quoted, and many more might certainly be cited, That fuch has been a general rule is not
to be queftioned. As little is it to be queftioned that this rule is founded exclufively on the fuppofed fafety of the neutral. It is exprefsly Rated in the cafe of the lar
.Otjkan, cited from Robinfon's reports,' to be founded on this plain principle, 4c that the liberation of a clear neutral from the hand of the enemy, is no effential fervice 'rendered to him, in as much as that the fame enemy would be compelled by the tribunals of hi's own country after he had carried the neutral into port, to releafe him with
cofts and damages for the injurious'feizure and detention." It is not unfrequent to confider and fpeak of a

AUGUST, i8oz.
regular prakice under a rule, as itfelf forming a rule. A regular courfe of decifions on the text of the law, conftitutes a rule of conifrudion by which that text is to be applied to all fimilar cafes: But alter the text, and the rule no longer governs. So in the cafe of falvage. The general principle is, that falvage is only payable where a meritorious fervice has been rendered. In the application of this principle, it has been decided that neutrals carried inby a belligerent for examination, being in no danger, receive no benefit from recapture ; and ought not therefore to pay falvage.
The-principle is that without benefit, falvage is not payable: and it is merely a confequence from this principle, which exempts re-captured neutrals from its payment. But let a nation change its laws and its prafice on this fubjeCkt ; let its legiflation be fuch as to fubjea to condemnation all neutrals captured by its cruizers, and who will fay that no benefit is conferred by a re-capture? In fuch a courfe of things the ftate of the neutral is completely changed. So far from being fafe, he is in as much danger of condemnation as if captured by his own declarid enemy. A feries of decifions then, and of rules founded on his fuppofed fafety, no longer apply. Only thofe rules are applicable, which regulate a fituation of ailual danger. This is not, as it has been termed, a change of principle, but a prefervation of principle by a praffical application of it according to the original fubitantial good fenfe of the rule.
It becomes then neceffary to enquire whether the laws of France were fuch as to have rendered the condemnation of the Amelia fo extremely probable, as to create a cafe of fuch real danger, that her re-capture by captain Talbot muft be confidered as a meritorious fervice entitling him to falvage.
To prove this the counfel for the plaintiff in error has offered feveral decrees of the French government, and efpecially one of the x8th of January, 1798.
Objeaions have been made to the reading of thefe decrees as being the laws of a foreign nation, and therefore fais, which like other faks, ought to have been

TALSOT a.
SEEMAN.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TALBOT
Iv.
SE EMA N.
Y

proved, and to have formed a part of the cafe tated for the confideration of the court.
That the laws of a foreign nation, defigned only for the diredion of its own affairs, are not to be noticed by the courts of other countries, unlefs proved as fadts, and that this court, with refpe& to fads, is limited to the flatement made in the court below, cannot be qtieftioned. The real and only queftion is whether the public laws of Aforeign nation, on a fubjed of common concern to all nations, promulgated by the governing powers of a country, can be noticed as law by a court of admiralty of that country, or muft be ftill further proved as a fad.
The negative of this pr6pofition has not been maintained in any of the authorities which have been adduced. On the contrary, feveral have been quoted, (and fuch feems to have been the general pradice) in which, the marine ordinances of a foreign nation are read as law without being proved as fats. It has been faid that this is done by confent: that it is a matter'of general convenience not to put parties to the trouble and expenfe of proving permanent and well known laws which it'is in their power to prove; and this opinion is countenanced by the cafe cited from Douglas. If it be corredft, yet this decree having been promulgated in the United States as the law of Francei by the joint a of that department which is entrufted with foreign intercourfe, and of that which is invefted with the powers of war, feems to affume a charader of notoriety which renders it admiffible in our courts.

It is therefore the opinion of the court that the decree ihould be read as an authenticated copy of a public law of France interefting to all nations.
The decree ordains that "the charade" of veffels, re" lative to their quality of neuter or enemy, fhall be de" tcrmined by their cargo; in confequence, every veffel "cfound at fea, loaded in whole or in part With merchan", dize the produdion of England or her poffeffions, thall " be declared good prize,' whoever the owner of thefe ,goods or merchandize may be."

AUGUST, 8or.

39

This decree fubje&s to condemnation in the courts of France. a neutral veffel laden, in whole or in part, with articles the growth of England or any of its poffeffions. A neutral thus circumfanced cannot be confidered as in a ftate of fafety. His re-captor cannot be faid to have rendered him no fervice. It cannot reafonably be contended that he ,would have been difcharged iii the ports of the belligerent, with cofts and damages.

TALBor
IV. SEFMAN "

Let us then enquire whether this was the fituation of the Amelia. The firft fac ftates her to have failed from Calcutta in Bengal, in April, 1799, laden with a cargo of the produc and manufaaory of that country. Here it is contended that the whole pf Bengal may poflibly not be in poffeffion of the Englifh, and therefore it does not appear that the cargo was within the defcription of the decree. But to this it has been anfwered, that in enquiring whether the Amelia was in danger or not this court muft put itfelf in the place of a French court of admiralty, and determine as fuch court would have determined.
Doing this, there feems to be no reafon to doubt that the cargo, without enquiring into the precife fituation of the
Britifh power in every part of Bengal, being prima facie of the produ& and manufacture of a poffiffion of England, would have been fo confidered, urilefs the con-
trary could have been plainly fhewn.

The next fac relied on by the defendant in error is,
that the Amelia was fent to be adjudged according to thelaws of war, and from thence it is inferred that fhe coald not have been judged according to the decree of the s8th
of January.

It is to be remembered that thefe are the orders of the captor, and without a queftion, in the language of a. French cruizer, a law of his own country furnifhing a rule of conduc in time of war, will be fpoken of as one of the laws of war.

But the third and fourth facts in the flatement admit the Amelia, with her cargo, to have belonged to a citizen of Hamburgh, which city was not in a flate of hoflility with the republic of France, but was to be confi-
dered as neutral between the thpu bellirerent powers.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
TALBOT It has been contended that thefe fa&s not only do not IV. fhow the re-captured veffel to have been one on which
SEEMAN. I the decree could operate, but pofitively thow that the decree could not have affected her.
The whole fiatement taken together amounts to nothing more than that Hamburgh was a neutral city ; and it is precifely againft neutrals that the decree is in terms dire6aed. To prove, therefore, that the Amelia was a neutral veffel, is to prove her within the very words of the decree, and confequently to eftablifh the reality of her danger.
Among the very elaborate arguments which have been ufed in this cafe, there are fome which the court deem it proper more particularly to notice.
It has been contended that this decree might have been merely in terrorem ; that it might never have been executed ; and that being in oppofition to the law of nations, the court ought to prefume it never would have been executed.
But the court cannot prefume the laws of any country to have been en&ed in terrorem, nor that they will be difregarded by its judicial authority. Their obligation on their own courts muff be confidered as complete; and without reforting either to public notoriety, or the declarations of our own lawson the fubje&, the decifions of the French courts muff be adnitted to have conformed to the rules prefcribed by their government.
It has been contended that France is an independent nation, entitled to the benefits of the law of nations and further, that if ffie has violated them, we ought not to violate them alfo, but ought to remonifrate againft fuch mifcondut.
Thefe pofitions have never been controverted ; but they lead to a very different refult from that which they have been relied on as producing.
The refpe&k due to France is totally unconne~ted with the danger in which her laws had pl ced the Amelia; nor

AUGUST, x8oi.

is France -in any manner tobe affeaed by the decree this court may pronounce. Her intereft in the veffel was terminated by the re-capture, which was authorized by the ftate of hoftility then fubfifting between the two na,tions. From that time it has: been a queftion only between the Amelia and the re-captor, with which France has nothing to do.

TALBOT 'V.
SEEMAN.

It is true that a violation of the law of nations by one power does not juftify its violation by another; but that remonftrance is the proper courfe to be purfued, and this is the courfe which has been purfued. America did femonihate, moft earneftly remonftrate to France againft the injuries committed on her; but remonftrance having failed, he appealed to a higher tribunal, and authorized limitedhoftilities. This was not violating the law of nations, but conforming to it. In the courfe of thefe limited hoftilities the Amelia has been re-captured, and the en-: quiry now is, not whether the condud of France would juftify a departure from the law of nations, but what is
the real lawin the cafe. This depends on the danger from which the has been faved. - Much has been faid about the general condu& of France and England on the feas, and it has been urged that the courfe of the latter has been iffill more injurious than that of the former. That is a confideration not to be taken up in this caufe. Animadverfions on either, in the prefent cafe, would be confidered as. extremely uibecoming the judges of this court, who have only to enquire what
was the real danger in which the laws of one of the countries placed the Amelia, and from which (he has been freed by her re-capture.
It has been contended that an illegal commiffion to take, given by France, cannot authorize our veffels to re-take; that we have no right by legiflation to grant falvage out of the property of a citizen of IJamburgh, who mighthave
obje&ed to the condition of thefervice. But it is not the authority given by the French govern-
nient to capture neutrals, which is legalizing the re-capture, made by capt. Talbot, it is the flate of hoftiliiy between the two -nations which is confidered as having authorized that a&. The re-capture having been made lawfully, then the right to falvage, on general principles, de-
F

TALdBT
SETMAN.
V

SUPREME COU RT U. S.
pends on the fervice rendered. We cannot prefume this fervice to have been unacceptable to the Hamoiurgher, becaufe it has bettered his condition ; but a re-capture muff always be made without confulting the re-captured. The a& is one of the incidents of war, and is in itfelf only offenfive as againit the enemy. The fubfequent fate of the re-captured depends on the fervice he has received, and on other circumftances.
To give a right to fal.age, it is faid there muff be A contraft either exprefs or implied.
.Had Hamburgb been in a flate of declared war with France, the re-captured veffels of that city would be admitted to be liable to pay falvage. If a contrail be neceflhry, from what circumftances would the law, in that flat of things imply it ? Clearly from the benefit received., and the rifk incurred. If in the affual ifate of things there was alfo benefit and rifk, then the fame circumftances concur, and they warrant the fame refult.
It is alfo urged that to maintain this right, the danger ought not to be merely fpeculative, but muff be imminent and the lofs certain.
Tkat a mere fpeculative danger will not be fufficient to entitle a perfon to falvage is unqueftionably true. But that the danger muft be fuch, that efeape from it by other means, was inevitable, can noi be admitted.
In all the cafes ftated by the counfel for the defendant in error, fafety by other means was poflible, though not probable. The flames of a Uhip on fire might be extinguifhed by the crew, or by a fudden/tempeff. A fliip on the rocks might poffibly be got off by the aid of wind and tides without affiftance from others. A veflel captured by an enemy might be feparated from her captor, and if failors had been placed on board the prize, a thoufand accidents might poffibly deftroy them; or they might even be blown by a florm into a port of the country to which the prize vefill originally belonged.
It cannot therefore be neceffary that the lofs fhould be inevitably certain, but it is neceffary that the danger ffiould

AUGUST, x8oh

4.

be real and imminent. It is believed to have been fo in this cafe. The captured veffel was of fuch defcription that the law by which fhe was to be tried, condemned
her as good prize. to the captor. Her danger then was real and imminent. The fervice rendered her was an effential fervice, and the court is therefore of opinion that the re-captor is entitled to falvage.

TALROT
..
SEEMAN.

The next objeCt of enquiry, is, what falvage ought to be allowed ? The captors claim one half the grofs value of' the Ihip and cargo. To fupport this claim they rely on the at "sfor the-government of the navy of the United
States," paffed the 2d of March, 1799. This aot regulates the falvage payable on the fbipS and goods belonging to the citizens of the United States, or to the citizens
or fubjels of any nation in amity with the United States,
re-taken from the enemy.

It has been contended that the cafe before the court 'is in the very words of the ai% That the owner of the
Amelia is a citizen of a ftate in amity with the United States, re-taken- from the enemy.- That the defcription would have been more limited, had the intention of the a41 been to refirain its application to a re-captured veffel belonging to a nation engaged with- the United States againf the fame enemy.

The words of the a l would certainly admit of this conftruCnion.

Againrft it, it has been urged, and wt think with great force, that the laws-of the United States ought not, if
it be avoidable, fo t be conftrued as to infraCt the common principles and ufagee' of nations, or the general dotrines of national law. If the conftruffion contend-
ed for be given to the aC, it fubjeffs to the fame rate of falvage a re-captured neutral, and a-re-captured belligerent veffel. Yet, according to the law of nations, a neutral is generally to bq reftored without falvage.

This argument in the opinion of the court, derives great additional weight from the confideration that the aCk in queftion is not temporary, but permanent. It is not merely fitted to the then exifting ftate of things, and

SUPREME COURT U. 8.

TALBOT 'v.

SEEMAN.

-

-

calculated to expire with them, but is a regulation apply. ing to prefent and future times.
Whenever the danger refulting to captured neutral, from the laws of France ftould ceafe, then, according to the principles laid down in this decree, the liability of re-captured neutrals to the payment of falvage, would, in conformity with the general law and ufage of nations, ceafe alfo. This event might have happened, and probably did happen, before hoftilities between the United States and France were terminated by treaty. Yet, if this law applies to the cafe, falvage from a re-captured neutral would ftiU be demandable.

This a&l then, if the words admit it, fince it provides a permanent rule for the payment of falvage, ought to be confirued to apply only to cafes in which falvage is
permanently payable.

On infpeqing the claufe in queftion, the court is ftruck with the defeription of thofe fromi whom the veffel is to be re-taken in order to come within the provifions of the a&f. The expreffion ufed is the enemy. A veffel re-taken from the enemy. The enemy of whom? The court thinks it not unreafonable to anfwer, of both parties. .By"this conftruffion the a& of congrefs will never vio., late thofe principles which we believe, apd which it is our duty to believe," the legiflature of- the United States will always hold facred.

If this a& does not, comprehend the cafe, then the court is to decide, on a juft citimate of the danger from which the re-captured was faved, and of the rilk attending the re-taking of the veffiel, what is a reafonable falvage. Confidering the circumftances, and confidering alfo what rule has been adopted in other courts of admi-
ralty, one-fixth appears to be a reafonable allowance.

It is there'&re the opinion. of the court, that the decree of the circuit court, held for the diftricft of New-York, was corre6 in revering the decree of the diftri- court) but not corre& in decreeing the reftoration of the Amelia without paying falvage. This court; therefore, is of opl-
nion, that the decree fo far as the reftoration of the

DECEMBER. i8ot.

Amelia without falvage is ordered, ought to be reverfed, and that the Amelia and her cargo ought to be reftored to the claimant, on paying for falvage one-fixth part of
the nett value, after dedudling therefrom the charges which have been incurred.

TALBO
Vv.
SEAMAN.

GEORGE WILSON v. RICHARD MASON,
.D.BEIIS.EE OF GEORGE MASON,
AND
RICHARD MASON, DEVISEE OF GEORGE MASON,

WILSON V.
MASON.

1.
GEORGE WILSON,

Wafle and utt.
alapnpdrsopinriaKteedn

-tucky, iii the

THESE were writs of error to the diflri& court of year 1780,

the United States, for the diftri& ooffKlenatunckdy., auwponfiucolulldynotabppero.

crofs caveats for the fame trad of land.

priated by fur-

vey alone, with-

The caveat of Wilfon v. Mafon originated in the fkiul·- loeugat la epnretrvyioiuns preme court,for the diftri& of Kentucky in.178 5, w".h.ile t.h.gea bb'onotkroofie.n *

Kentucky was a part of the commonwealth of Virginia, tries. and the record hates, "cthat heretofore, viz. at akfupreme A writ of error

"

court

for

thedift.r..id

.

of
..

Kentucky,

held

at Danville in
-

the

upona caveat,
lies from the

"sfaid'diftri&, in the month of March, 1785, cameGeorge diftridl Court of

"9Wifon and citufed a certain caveat to be entered againft Kentucky dif.

"George -Mafon, which is in the. following words, viz. trid, to the

"Let no grant iffhe to George Mafon, of Fairfax coun- fupreme court

of the United

"ty, for 8,300 acres of land, in Jefferfon county, fur- states,

"veyed on the fouth fide of Panther Icreek, adjoining Notice of an il-

'19,anotber furvey of the.-faid Mafon's, of 8,400 acres, legal a2, will "(on the upper fide , becaufe tb-. faid George Mafon has lid keit. a "furveyed the fame contrary to his loeation, for. which A fu~vey in "caufe, and alfo on account of the vaguenefs of the Kentucky nok "entry, George Wilfon claims the fame, or fo much feonutnryd,edis oanvoaidn

thereof, as interferes with his entry, made on treafury a&and colfi.

"warrants for 40,926 acres, fpecially made on the 9th rutet notitle

"day of April., 1784. Entered 25th March, 1785." whatever; and

land fofirveyed

remains vacant,

itW ercupon, it-o ober term, .178 5, a fummons and liable to be

iffued, commandingthe ieriff of Fairfax counity to appropriated by

"ffmmon George Mafon to appear at ihe next March any pe'on

term,

to fhew cauf

why the 8,300

acres

fho.uld

not

be .

holding a-land-
warrant.

DECEMBER. i8ot.

Amelia without falvage is ordered, ought to be reverfed, and that the Amelia and her cargo ought to be reftored to the claimant, on paying for falvage one-fixth part of
the nett value, after dedudling therefrom the charges which have been incurred.

TALBO
Vv.
SEAMAN.

GEORGE WILSON v. RICHARD MASON,
.D.BEIIS.EE OF GEORGE MASON,
AND
RICHARD MASON, DEVISEE OF GEORGE MASON,

WILSON V.
MASON.

1.
GEORGE WILSON,

Wafle and utt.
alapnpdrsopinriaKteedn

-tucky, iii the

THESE were writs of error to the diflri& court of year 1780,

the United States, for the diftri& ooffKlenatunckdy., auwponfiucolulldynotabppero.

crofs caveats for the fame trad of land.

priated by fur-

vey alone, with-

The caveat of Wilfon v. Mafon originated in the fkiul·- loeugat la epnretrvyioiuns preme court,for the diftri& of Kentucky in.178 5, w".h.ile t.h.gea bb'onotkroofie.n *

Kentucky was a part of the commonwealth of Virginia, tries. and the record hates, "cthat heretofore, viz. at akfupreme A writ of error

"

court

for

thedift.r..id

.

of
..

Kentucky,

held

at Danville in
-

the

upona caveat,
lies from the

"sfaid'diftri&, in the month of March, 1785, cameGeorge diftridl Court of

"9Wifon and citufed a certain caveat to be entered againft Kentucky dif.

"George -Mafon, which is in the. following words, viz. trid, to the

"Let no grant iffhe to George Mafon, of Fairfax coun- fupreme court

of the United

"ty, for 8,300 acres of land, in Jefferfon county, fur- states,

"veyed on the fouth fide of Panther Icreek, adjoining Notice of an il-

'19,anotber furvey of the.-faid Mafon's, of 8,400 acres, legal a2, will "(on the upper fide , becaufe tb-. faid George Mafon has lid keit. a "furveyed the fame contrary to his loeation, for. which A fu~vey in "caufe, and alfo on account of the vaguenefs of the Kentucky nok "entry, George Wilfon claims the fame, or fo much feonutnryd,edis oanvoaidn

thereof, as interferes with his entry, made on treafury a&and colfi.

"warrants for 40,926 acres, fpecially made on the 9th rutet notitle

"day of April., 1784. Entered 25th March, 1785." whatever; and

land fofirveyed

remains vacant,

itW ercupon, it-o ober term, .178 5, a fummons and liable to be

iffued, commandingthe ieriff of Fairfax counity to appropriated by

"ffmmon George Mafon to appear at ihe next March any pe'on

term,

to fhew cauf

why the 8,300

acres

fho.uld

not

be .

holding a-land-
warrant.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSOPI
W,
MASOV.

" granted to George Wilfon, or fo much as interferes ,, with his entry for 40,926 acres, made-on the 9 th of cc Apiil,,4£784."

Afterwards, and after Kentucky became a feparate ftate, at a court held for the diftriet of Bairdftown, in September, 1797, "to which court this fuit had been "removed, and the faid George Mafon having departed " this life, the faid fuit was orded to be revived in the , name of Richard Mafon, the devifee of George Mafon
deceafed,-who was devifee of George Mafon deceafed." Richard Mafon then removed the caufa from the flate
court Wothe diftrid court of the United States, for the diftri&l of Kentucky, and it was agreed by the parties, " that the judgment in this caveat (Wilfon v. Mafon) if " for the plaintiff, ihould be entered up as a judgment "for the defendant in the caveat Mafon v. Wilfon: and
if for the defendant, as a judgment for the plaintiff
"n ithe faid caveat Mafohl v. Wilfoq, . which fuits -are " ctrofs caveats between the parties for the fame land." "And thereupon came a jury, &c. who, beingeleafed,. "tried and fworn 'well andtruly to enquireintofucbfals as
"may be material in this catfe, and not agreed to by thepar. C ties," found the fpecial verdi,& -herein after ftated.

The crofs caveat of Richard Mafon v. Wilfton was filed on the 13 th of March, 1799, and feems to be in the nature of a plea or anfwer to the claim of Wilfon. It is in the fbllowing form, viz. "Let no.grant iffue to
George Wilfon, or his affignees, on the faid Wilfon's "furveyof 30,000 acres of land lying in Jefferfon coun-
"ty (now Nelfon county) on the fouth fide of Panther
" creek,. a branch of Green river, made by virtue of an " entry dated April the 9 th, 1784, for 40,926 acres, " upon the five following land-office treafury warrants,
1No. 17,639P 19,043, 19,614, 19,616, and 12,79.
" Richard Mafon, infant heir and devifee of George " Mafon, junior, who was heir and devifee of George -cMafon, efquire, late of Fairfax county, Virgina, a ci" tizen of the commonwalth of Virginia, by Cuthbert " Banks, his next friend, enters a caveat againift the fame
" for the following cautes:

" Becaufe the faid furvey includes a tra& of 8,300 " acres which had been*before located and entered by the

DECEMBER, i8ot.

47

"f aid George Mafon in the year 1780, and which tra& " had been a&ually furveyed for him, the faid George ",Mafon, and the certificate of furvey thereof, dated " O&ober 2d, 1783, returned to the county furveyor's ' " office long before the faid George Wilfon made his faid " entry; and becaufe the faid entry, made by the faid " George Wilfon' on which his faid furvey is founded, " was illegal and fraudulent, the faid George Wilfon ,,having knowingly and wilfully located his faid entry
" upoi. lands which had been a&ually before appropriated -' and furvdyed for others, as appears by the words of the 4"faid Wilfon's own entry, which begins at the upper " and north-eaft corner of the faid George Mafon's " 8,4oo acre furvey, on the bank of Panther creek,, up",on which furvey of 8,400 acres, tle adjacent furvey " made for George Mafon of 8,30o acres, made about the "fame time, binds, and runs thence fouth xo eaft (be"ing the courfe to a fingle degree of the dividing line "between the faid- Mafon's two trafts of 8,4oo and "c8,30o acres) paflling the faid Mafon's fouth-eaft corner "2,6oo poles north, .8o ° eaft (which *is the courfe to a. 'fingle degree of the back line of George-Mafon's faid
furvey of his tra& of 8,300 acres) 3,200 poles, and off at right angles, northwardly to the bank of Panther "creek ; -and down the fame, according to the meanders
thereof, to the beginning; whereby it includes the "whole of Richard Mafon's faid tra&t of 8,3oo acres, 'as
'.' devifee as aforefaid of George Mafon, as well as fome " other lands which have been previoufly located and fur-
"veyed for other people ; which above mentioned courfes "could not have been inferted in Wilfon's entry, in the " manner they are, without his having been acquainted "'with the. faid fairveys made by George Mafowbefore
".mentioned ; the plats and certificates of 'which, were, "at the time'of Wilfon's faid entry, in the:county fur-ve or's office , and from which it is evident Wilfort ,ganed the information by which he made his fpecial "'entry." The original caveat of George Mafon v. Wilfon was entered May 6th, 178g.

WILSON
, MASON.
'

Mafon's entries, in the book of entries, were afoltow, viz.

" 178o, April 29 th, George Mafon enters 8,400 acres
" of-'land, to begin on Panther creek, on the eaftfide

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON
v.
MAsoN.

"thereof, oppofite to a beech on the weft fide, about "four miles above the mouth of the we fork, and to "run up and down the faid creek, and eaftwardly for
,, quantity."

4c 78o, April 29 th, George Mafon enters 8,3oo acres, " to begin at the upper corner of his 8,4oo acre entry,
"and to run up the creek, on the eaft fide, and back for
quantity."

1780, Odober 27 th, GeorgeMafoh defires to make " his entry of 8,400 acres more fpecial on Panther creek, " viz. to begin four miles above the for~s of Panther
creek, where it mouths into Green river, on the eaft "fide, running up and back for quantity."

The tract of 8,4oo acres was furveyed on 27 th September, 1783, beginning four miles above the mouth of Panther creek, where it empties into Green river, and not four miles above the mouth of the weft fork of Pan-
ther creek, as mentioned in his firft entry.. The mouth, of Panther creek being more than twelve miles below thp: mouth of the weft fork.

The tra& of 8,3oo acres was furveyed on the 2d of O&ober, 1783, adjoining to the furvey of 8,4oo acres, 6elow the mouth of the weft fork, and not above, as it. would have been if furveyed according to the entry of the 29th April, 178o.

George Wilfon's entry is as follows, viz.
17c84, April 9 th, George Wilfon enters 40,926 " acres-upon five treafury warrants, No. 17,639, 19,143, " 19,614, 19,616, 12,795, on the fouth fide of Panther
1 creek, a branch of Green river, beginning at the upper "cand north-eaft corner of George Mafon's 8,40o acre "furvey on the bank of Panther creek, which furvey be-
gins, perhaps, about three miles from the mouth of "the faid creek and 320. poles upon a direct line 4bove "-the mouth of the firft fork of the faid creek from the " mouth, thence running fouth i o eaft, paffing the faid " Mafon's fouth-eaft corner 2,6oo poles; thence north q' 86" eaft 3,260 poles; thente off at right angles, north-

DECEMBER, x8or.

"wardly, io the bank of Panther creek, and down the fame, with the feveral meanders thereof, to the, place of beginning."

WILSON
MASON.

Upon four of thfe warrants, 30,000 acres were f~rveyed for Wilfon on the 2d June, 1.784, and loeated fo as to comprehend the whole of Mafon's furvey of 8,300 acres.

The following fads were agreed to by the counfe for both parties, viz.

c x. We admit that Panther creek has -been known " and called by, that name, Panther creek, generally,
".fince the beginning of the year 178o, and is truly re"1 prefented on the plat returned in this caufe, and alfo " the forks.thereof.

f"2. That at the diftance of twelve and one quarter " miles and thirty-fix poles, on ,adire& line from its " mouth, the faid creek divides itfelf into two forks, viz. " the fork marked, on the plat returned in this caufe, as the c.wet fork of faid creek; and the other, the fork marked c on the plat, Panther creek ; and that from the fize and " natural defcriptions of thefe forks, they woid be re" marked and called fuch by ftrangers who fhould explore " the waters o'f that creek.

" 3. That the laid forks were generally known, and c, called the forks of Panther creek, from the beginning " of the year i 7,8o ; and that they were notorious as " fuch, to all who had acquaintance with the waters in " that part of this country.

" 4. That in the winter before the Laid entries were " made for Laid defendant, the faid agent, Hancock Lee, "went down on Panther creek, and explored the country "thereabouts ; and encamped thereabouts four or five
weeks for that purpofe ; and there were feveral others "in 'company with him, who all went on the bufinefs of 9 viewing the land in that quarter.
" 5. That James Hord was the furveyor who furveyed "the aid entries in September and Oaober, 1783.
G

,SUPREME COURT 11. S.

WILSON
-V
MAs( T.

" 6. That Hubbard Taylor was the fpecial attorney of " the defendant Mafon, for the purpofe of making his " furveys on Panther creek, among which Was the one
" now in controverfy, and previous to making faid furveys, ,'the faid Taylo'r made out a plat of Panther creek, up to " the forks thereof, by adual furvey, for the purpofe of i fatisfying himfeif how the furvey of the faid defcndant C ought to be made ; which plat he delivered to the faid
HIord, when he went td make the furveys of the faid " lands, for his inflrniion ; and by the faid plat the faid
fLiord was inftruaed to make the furveys of the faid " defendant as they are now furveyed. The entries, al, luded to in the 4 th fact, are thofe found by the jury t to have be made for the defendant, by Hancock Lee,
' at the fanme time with that of the land in controverfy."

The verdict of the jury was as follows, vz.

,"We of the jury do find the facls following for the plaintiff, excluding thofe agreed to by the attornies,

4,i. That the faid Hancock Lee, at the time he made "the faid entry, for the faid Mafon, did alfo make the " feveral otner entries for him.

cc 2. That the p(ns and certificates of furvey lay three c"weeks in the office btore they were recorded.

"c 3. That at the time of M~aking out and recording the cr plats of faid furveys, William Mafon was agent to the
"9 faid George Mafon, and came to this country for the " exprefs purpofe of attending to his land bufinefs ; and
had power and inflruffions to re-furvey.any of the faid Mafon's entries, which he fhould find tohave been erroneoufly furveyed, or interfering with better claims.

" 4. That it was a general practice in the offices of ccfurveyors, when a furvey was found to have been made
,erroneoufly, to make the fame over again at the requeft of the parties concerned ;, and the faid practice pre-
.vailed alfo in cafes of furveys recorded.

" TT"hat when William Mafon came to the furveyor's CCoffice to take out the plats in this cafe, and alfo thofe ini

DECEMBER, i8os.

St

94 the other cafes in which George Mafon was concerned, WILSOl

" the furveyor told him that the entries of the laid George,

'V.

" the defendant, had been furveyed wrong ; and took a MASoN.

- pen and paper and explained to him the calls of the en- 1--r-1140

- tries, and by comparing them with the furveys, fbewed

" him that they were erroneous; and offered to fend a -deputy with him, without further or additional ex" pence, to make the furveys aright, with which propofal o the Laid William feemed pleafed, and proceeded no fur-

- ther in the bufinefs at that time ; but went away and

" after fome days came back to the faid office, and told

" the furveyor, that the entries of faid Mafon were fo

", made that they would clafh with each other,.if furveycc ed otherwife than they then were ; and he did not fee

"that the furveys could be amended: whereupon, he

" took out the plats and certificates of furvey to return

,, them to the regifter's office, and a6tually did fo ; which c tranfa&ion happened at the office of the furveyor, about

cc the 1ath of September, r784.

" 6. That the lands, generally, over all the ftate of c Kentucky, except the land referved by law for entries, ' are involved in difputes, by different entries and fur"veys having been made for the fame tradfs.

" 7. That it was ufual for the furveyors to furvey enf-ctries agreeable to the direaions of the proprietors or " their agents, when fuch direaions were given.

" 8. That a law, paffed b the affembly of Kentuck) "cin 1792 prohibited any further entry of land with the cc furveyors, and that ever fince that time no land could " be appropriated by virtue of land warrants.

" 9. That the praaice of entering for land was a ge. ,, neral ftrife for the beft legal entry.

" 1o. That George Mafon's entry of 8,400 acres, made
" the 17 th day of O6&ober, 1780, is furveyed on Panther " creek, and a large branch thereof; and not on either "of the main forks of faid creek, as appears by the plat ;
"and that the furvey of 8,300 acres, being the land in "controverfy, adjoining the laft mentioned furvey, above, "con faid creek, and defcribed in the plat in this caufe by

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILsoN 'v.
MAson,.

" the letters and figures A. E. F. 8, is claimed; by the ." defendant Mafon, as a furvey made by the faid Mafon, " on-an entry cf his, dated the 29 th day of April, 1780,
for 8,300 acres of land; is on faid creek and a branch
" thereof, and not on either -of the main forks, as ap" pears by the plat.

c ii. That the place defignated, in the correCted plat, " by the letter A, on the fcuth fide of Panther creek, is " the place called for, by die phintiff, as the beginning -- corner of his entry of 40,926 acres, and defcribed
agreeable to the plat.

" 12. That it was a practice, in the office of William ".May, furv(,yor of Jefferfon, with whom the defendant
Mafoil's entries were made, and by whofe deputy furcc veyor, James Hord, the defendant's furveys were made, " to alter furveys difcovered to be erroneous or wrong,
" after they werq recorded, and furvey them aright, withc out further or additional expence to the owners of .fuch
- entries, and to proceed on the plats of the amended - furveys, as the proper plats of the legal furvey.

" T3. That the faid Hord, when on his way to make " faid furveys, called on faid furveyor of Jefferfon, for - copies of the 'defendant's entries, and on feeing them " was firuck with the variance between the calls of the 'entries and his infirudfions, in point of location, and - on that account did not return the plats of the.faid fur" veys, until he had feen Hubbard Taylor, and fhewed ccthem to him, and reprefented his opinion of fuch vari-
- ance ; but on their being ihewn to the faid Taylor, he " direthed faid furveys to be returned as they were then -cmade.

" 14. That the faid Hord was fully informed of the

"forks of Panther creek, when he was making faid deC fendant's'furveys, and faw the fame, and about the

ccfame timeat which he.made the defendant's faid fur-

" veys, and before he returned from doing the fame."

(Signed)

" Daniel JWejger, foreman."

" We of the jury do find the following fa1s for the " defendant Mafon.

DECEMBER, i8oi.

" T. That the entry made in the name of George \Vil" fon, April 9 th, 1784, of 40,926 acres, on the fouth c fide of Panther creek, claiming under which, the faid
" Wilfon entered this caveat, alti ough made in his name, " was made for the benefit of-Chriftopher Greenup, and " John Handley, as well as for his benefit, and that the faid " Greenup and Handley were, at the time of making the cc entry, and long fince, partners with him in the fame.

WILSoN Iv.
MASOV.

" 2. That John Handley, then a deputy furveyor of " the county, made the faid entry of 40,926 acres, for " himfelf and the other partners ; and before he made " the fame, had obtained information of the furveys " made for George Mafon, on his entries of 8,300, and
" 8,400 acres, on the fouth fide of Panther creek, from " the furveys then in the office of the furveyor.

" 3. That the faid George Wilfon, Chriftopher Green" up, and John Handley, had before, and at the time the " faid entry of 40,926 acres, was made, notice of the i place where, and the manner in which, the furveys "had been made for George Mafon, on his entries of
" 8,300 adres, and 8,400 acres, on the fouth fide of Pan-
" ther creek.

" 4. That John Handley, before the faid entry of 40, c 9,26 acres was made, had notice that the land; now in
,cdifpute in this'caveat, had been included in Mafon's - furvey, on his entry of 8,300 acres.

" S. That the furveys, made for the faid Mafon, on

" iisentries of 8,400, and 8,300 acres, on the fouth fide,

"of Panther creek, were returned to the office of the

" furveyor of thecounty, in the courfe of the fall, 1783.

(Signed)

" Daniel Weiger, foreman."

The judgment of the diftri& court of the United States, for the diftri k of Kentucky, at June term Boo, in the caveat of vilfon v. Maon, was, " That the defendant " hath the better right to the land in controverfy ; It is " therefore ordered that the caveat be difmiffed, and that " the defendant recover againft the plaintiff his colts in
c this behalf expended."

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON
Iv.
MASON.

In the caveat of Marn v. Win, the judgment was, ",That the plaintiff recover againft the defendant fo much " of the land in controverfy as is included within the fur-
vey of 8,3oo acres, made by George Mafon, on his entry of 8,3oo acres, entered March (Q . April) the 29 th C 178o, and defignated in the correred plat returned in - the faid other caveat, by the letters D. E. F. 8, and " afo his cofts by him about his fuit in this behalf ex" pended."

After thefe judgments were entered, Wilfon, by his counfel, moved the court for a citation on a writ of error to the fupreme court of the United States, to which IfIafon, by his counfel, objeCted, alledging that by the ads of affembly of Virginia, under which the plaintiff Wilfon claims, it is provided that no appeal or writ of error fhall be allowed on a judgment entered on a caveat, and that, therefore, in this cafe the plaintiff was pre-
cluded from claiming the benefit of a writ of eeror. But the court over-Tuled this objedion and granted the citation, to which ojdivion the defendant excepted.*

The following is the opinion of judge lnnes, who tried the caufe in the diftri6l court ; and which isalluded to in the fubfequeue arguments of counfel. After Riating the faas of the cafe he proceeds " The novelty " of this cafe, the number of faffs fubmitted and found by the jury, as
wH as the ingenious manner in which it was argued by the cownfel
" of both plaintiff and defendant, have attraded my particular attention, and induced me to weigh the fubjedt deiberately; the refult of my de-
o liberations will apptar from the following opinion: " The firfl queftion which prefents itfelf in this caufer is, whether Ma-
" fon has furveyed 8,3oo acres of land contrary to hisentry made the "gth of April§ 178o. " The alteration of Mafon on the zth day of Odober, x78o, to the
" entry of 8,400 acres, dated the 29th day of April preceding, is confi"iered as a withdrawing of, and a total abandonment of the firfl entry.
The /firefnltry calling to lie about four miles above the mouth of the U weft fork, thefiecond four miles from the mouth of the main creek.
1The furvey, therefore, of the 8,300 acres is made contrary to the entry, as it adjoins the trad of 8,400, which is made in conformity to
the new entry. " This dedfion, that the land in queftion is furveyed contrary to en"try, brings me to the principal quellion in this caufe; will Mafon's furvey forl8,3oo acres of land, made contrary, to his entry, fecure the ,"land to him againft the claim of Wilfon, founded on a fpecial. entry-,
"fabfequent to the recording of Mafon's furvey, Wilfon having, before " he made his entry, notice of the place where, and manner in which,
Mafon had'furveyed, and of the furvey being recorded ? 1' The parties to this fuit are both confidered as purchafers, of tht
coinmonweahh; Cihancery rrvimoa Sfthe laws, I. 95, 96, §"3. the fur-
" eyap

DE ,EMBER) tot.

This caufe was argued at laft term by Davei(/ and C. Lee for the plaintiff in error, and Jones and Mafon for
for defendant.

WILSON
'V.
MAsoN.

"vwyoF of the county, a" her ntinifterial agent; who is authorized to " receive warrants for land,,make entries, furvey the fame, receive the' " furveys when made, record the plat and certficate within three months " after it is returned to his office, provided, upon examinatioa, he finds
it truly made and legally proportioned as to length and breidth. "I will here take notice of two arguments, urged by the plaintiff's "counfel, viz -that the word " truly," ufed in the law, when fpeaking of the duties of the furveyor, referred to a power over the entry; that.
"it was his duty to fee that the entry and furvey agreed. " This would be a dangerous confitria5ion of the law, as it would authorize the furveyor to determine the rights of claimants, and to judge
"in his own caufe where a furvey fliould be made that interfered with a clainm of his. I conceive him minifierial, except in two cafes; he is to examine the plat that it is truly made; i.e. to fee that the courfes of the
t furvey ate truly laid down, and that it contains its complement o! acres.
" It is to this part of his duty that the word truly refers. Again, he is to examine the ieo. proportion of the plat. In thefe two cafes he aas
"judicionlly; and Atis right he fhould be vef'ed with fuch a power; beeanfe, as he acts generally by deputy, it enables him to corred the work of his deputy, and alfo to prevent improper combinations between the
employer and deputy. " The fecond argument alluded to is this; that neither the entry-book,
or book for entering furveys, are record-Looks; and that legiflative in" terference was necefary toconflitue them fuch, ch re . 96, 2%o. They
are hooks direded to. be procured by law. The furveyor is a fworn
officer, commiffioned agreeably to law. Copies of entries and cQpies of furveys, atteftcd by him, are good evidence in a court of juftice.. I
"therefore confider every entry, and every furvey, entered in theft books as being of record, and equally valid with thofe which are ufunlly fiiled
U records.
" Mafon, a purchafer of the commonwealth, having furveyed contrary " to his entry, returns the furvey t6 the furveyor's office, where it is ex" amined and recorded before the claim of ai-y other perfon appears to " the land. Can the commonwealth deftroy Mafon', furvey an~d refue

" her grant to the land?

" The law has pointed out no mode by which the commonwealth can

" fet afide Mafon's furvey for her own benefit; neither was fuch a provi-

"finn neceffary; becaufe he had paid the purchafe-money, for fo many

acres of unappropriated land It was vaesnt; and fo Loon as his furvey was recorded, his warrant was carried intofudl eeuuion, and the

" entry of 8,3oo acres became vacant, and reverted to the commonwealth,

"there being no warrant in the furveyor's office to cover it, the warrant

4 being returned to the owner with the plat and certificate of furvey. Or,

", being recorded is the fame thing in effectS, as it can never be again adied "upon, being executed by asfal frrvey. Ch. rev §. 3. p. 9s, 96. Any

"pra&ice to the contrary I deem illegal and contrary to law.

" From this flatement of faks I determine Mafon's right to be good "againft the commonwealth.

" As the commonwealth can take no advantage of Mafoin's furveying

* contrary to entry, fhall Wilfon, by his fubfcquent fpecial entry, when

"he had full and perfcd knowledge of the plae where MaCon's furvey,

was made, and of its being recorded.

" There

WILSON
Mashy.

56

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Daveifsfor plaintfi in err'or.
As the counfel for the defendant in error have objeded to our right of appeal in this caufe, I fhall at firfctonfine myfelf to that point ; becaufe, if the court fhould agree

" There areoniv two ways of defroyirig a man's right to a traft of
4 land By caveat after furvey and before the title is complete ; or, by a
1 fuit in chancery after the grant has ;ffued. " In the pr.'fent cafe Wilfon has clioi, i to enter a caveat to prevent the
Sema.'nation cf a grant to Malio ; alledging that Mafon has furveyed contrary to entry, and that it i6vague, for which reafen. he claims the. "land by virtue of a fpecial entry
There are four caujes flated in the land-law which authorize'the en" tering of a caveat. I. Failing to regifter the plat and certificate of
'furvey within twelve months after making the furvey: 2 If the " breadth of the plat be not one-third of its length: 3 If any perfon " fliall obtain a filrveoyf land to which another hath by law a bettr right,
the perfun having fuch better right may in like manner enter a caveat,&c 4. If the plaintiff in a caveat recover judgment and fails to deliver
" the fame, &c into the land-office within fix months after judgment, it n Ihall be lawful for any perfon to enter a caveat, &c. The two firlI " and fourth caufes are penalties which any perfon may take advantage of,
and do not apply to the prefent cafe The third requ'res an'exifting right "in the caveator at or before the time the furvey caveated is recorded.
" From an attentive confideration of this paffage in the law, it conveys to " me this idea : " Shall obtain afurvey of landi," nians fubfequent to the
paffing of the law, and after the furvey is recorded; and not from the
maling, becaufe the furvey is not comlete until it is recorded ; neither " could he " obtain" it till the furveyor ha's performed that part of his
duty, after which it is to be delivered to the proprietor with the warrant. Previous to the recording I confider the furvey to be under the direction of the owner, and that he may make any alteration he pleafes in it, but not after; although a different pradice has prevailed, and which upon
enquiry will'be found to be contrary to law. ",It is important to this caufe to confider another paifage in the tihme
fentence of the law ; " to which another bath by law a better right." " The word bath is in the prefent tenfe, and refers to the time of obtain" ing the furvey. If any conflrudlion relative to the word obtain, be
" right, the claim of the caveator mull exift before or at the time of re" cording the furvey. l am confirmed in the propriety of this intcrpreta1"tion of the law, for the following reafons: If a deputy. furveyor makes " a furvey, the principal ought not to fign it till it is recorded; then the . fignature makes it ready to be delivered. If made by the principal, he
11will not deliver it before it is recorded. The furvey cannot be confidered as complete till all the requifites of the law be performed ; the party is then entitled to it. Neither will the regiller of the land-office
ii receive it without that formality. Without thefe requifites it is of no
" more value than wafte paper; it cannot therefore be faid to be " obtan" ed," without their being performed.
" The two firfi and fourth caufes whichjuflify the entering a caveat,
" I have already faid, do not apply to the prefent cafe. " It remains to be confidered whether Wilfon has purfued the flatute fo
"a, to bring his cafe within the third caufe: Haa he " a bettcr rglt" to . the

DECEMBER, i 8ox.

with them in opinion on that queftion, much time will be faved and much ufelefs difcuffion prevented.. It is contended that by the laws of Virginia, upon which the
title to the land in difpute depends, and which give the re-

WILSOI! Iv.
MASoN.

" the land furveyed for Mafon, and for which he has inflitnted this fuit,
" than Mafon had, at the time the furvey was recorded? " A caveat is a new and luminary mode of proceeding, in derogation
6 of the proceedings at common law, infituted by flatute; it is necef49fary, therefore, to purfue the flatute firi&ly, and fhew to the court
1 that the caveator hIAsa clear right to purfue that,mode of proceeding.
"r D. and F 141." " Wilfon's entry was made on the 9 th day of April, 1784. To the
4' date of his entry I fix the commencement of his claim to the land in con-
" troverfy, it being the firicetrtain-and evident adl of ownerihip maniftft"ed by him; which is upwards of four months after Mafon's furvey
'1 had been recorded." " As Wilfon's right did not exift at the time Mafon's furvey was re-
" corded, he has failed to prove the better right required by law ; neither " has he pqrfued the ftatute by affigning proper caufes for caveating. Sur" veying contrary to entry, or making a vague entry, are not ftated in
" the law as exceptions to a furvey, or caufes for entering a caveat. · True it is, that there are inflances in which furveying" contrary to
" entry would be a good caufe of caveating But this is where there is an exifting right before the furvey is made or obtained ; and the
queftion would then ret on having the letter right to the land.
"1 The favourable lighiin which furveys have been viewed by the legif" lature is apparent in all thc laws which have been enact! refpe5tmg
" the titles to land " They are all to be confidered as one" laW; forming
one general fyftem on the fame fubjed.* " The furvcys here alluded to were injurious to the intereft of the
commonwealth, but being made by the proper officer, wereiconfirmed. " In this cafe the eommonwealth is not injured, ind Wilfon, through " his partner. Handly, had every information neccifary to guard him " againft an interference with Mafon's furvey " Confidering the parties both as purchafers of the commonkealth, de" riving their claims from the fame fource ; Mafon as the firft, and Wil" fon as the lfecond, the Iollowing .princililes will apply in this cafe re" fpediog notice. Lord Hardwicke laid, in the cafe of Le Neve '. Le " Neve, .4mb 446. 3 AMA. 654 " that the taking of a legal efiate after
notice of a pbrior right,makes a perfon mala fide puichafer, and is a "fpccies cf fraud." If a perfon dbes not flop his hand, hut gets the legal " eftate when he knew the right in equity :was in another, he will be " rebutted by this maxl~'" fraus ctdolus nemini patrocinari debent."
" In the cafe .of Abney ' Kendall, I eq. ca. ab 330. Pl I. I chartca. 38.-t it was determined that if A having notice that lands were contraded to be fold to D purchafes thofe lands, and takes a conveyance" it ihall deftroy the purchafe and tlke land Ihall be reconveyed to B. " Mafon being confidered the firfpurchafer of the commonwealth " having pbtained his furvey, through the means of her agent, (though 0 contrary to entry, yet of which fhe can take no advantage, and which
" worked * .PeManay parJe'd the Pirginia egyatort gi ingfurter time'tordurn Afelats, &c.."
t' I Cham. Ca. 3 Mirry v. Ahnay thefather, 46oe''the on, aedXenkal
H

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WiLSON IV.
MASoN,.
v

medy by caveat, no appeal or writ of error will lie. The hand law of Virginia, as it is called, viz. the a& of May
i779, (Chancery revi/ion fIhe kiwsofYirgiia, p. 94")
entitled- An a& for eftablifliing a land office, and afcer-
taining the terms and manner of granting wafle and unappropriated lands," which dire&s the manner of proceeding upon caveats, enadts that "the court" (that is the general court) " fhall proceed. to determine the right of the caufe in a fummary way, without pleadings in writing; empannelling and fwearing a jury for the finding of fuch fades as are material to the caufe, and are not agreed by the parties ; and thall thereupon give judgment, on which no appeal or writ oferror Jheill be allowed."
This law, it is faid; was in force at the time of the fe-
-paration of Kentucky from Virginia ; and that by the aCt of. affemblyof Virginia of December 178 9 , rev. tode p. 56. fed. 7" which prefcribes the terms upon which Kentucky might become an independent flate after the ift. Qf November 1791, it is provided that all private rights and interefts of lands within the faid diftrit, derived from the laws of Virginia prior to fuch feparation, fhall remain valid and fecure, under the laws of the propofed flate, ",andfiallbe determined by the laws NOW ex-
fling in this STATE."

worked no iniquity to any perfon, the land being vacant) by recording " the furvey, the entry aove the forks of the creek was abandoned.
Wilfon having notice, before le made his entry, that A1afjn had appro.

'priated the, land by the recording of the lurvey, cannot fluppori his 'claim under the ftatute; judgnient, therefore, mull be entered for the

defendant.

" The preceding pages contain my opinion delivered in the caveat, George Wilfon againfl Richard Mafon, devifee, &c. at the June term,
" i8oo; of the diftridi court of the United States for the 1cntucky

t diftrid. AAs the principles on which the decifion was founded will be brought
" before the fupreme court of the United States, where I cat) have no opporttmity of affigning my reafons in fipport of the judgment, with due deference I folicit the court to permit the opinion to be read ; by
40which the principles which governed me in the decifion will appear

fullybefore that court which is to reverfe or affirm the judgment I have

given between the parties.

I This requeft is grounded upon this fingle confideration, that what I

" have been offially obliged to do, may be examined before a final en-

" quiry is had refpeing my judicial ats." (Signed)

"HARRY INNES.'

'cma , x1W', 8ot."

DECEMBER, i8ox.
But we fhall contend,
ift. That the jurifdilion and powers of this court do not depend upon the laws of Virginia, but upon the conflitution of the United States, and the ads of congrefs.
2dly. That the laws'of particular ftates lofe their force when they contravene the ads of congrefs.
3dly. That by the law of Virginia a right of appeal is allowed upon a caveat.
ift. By the conflitution of the United States, art. 3. fe. 2." the judicial power fhall extend" "to controvert ies between citizens of different flates," and in all cafes, except where a public minifter, or a flate, ihall be a party, "the fupreme courtfhallhave appellatejurifdiionb, oth "t as to law and fad, with fuch exceptions, and under fuch it regulations as the congrefs fhall make." Congrefs have not excepted the prefent cafe ; it therefore follows, that by the conftution of the United States, this court has appellate jurifdiion of the caufe.
2dly. By the conflitution of the United States, art. 6. " This confiitution, and the laws of the United "f States,' which (hall be made in purfuance thereof, fhall " be the fupreme law of the land ; arid the judges, i " every fiate, fhall be bound thereby, ' any thing in the con"*flit ution or la'rs of anyflate to the contrary notwit.flianding."
By the ioth felion of the judiciary a& of 1789, the diftrid court of Kentucky has jurifdidion of all cafes by that ad made originally cognizable by the circuit courts, and it is ena&ed that "writs of error and appeals, Jha/ lie, from decifions therein, to the fupreme court in the fame ct caufes, as from a circuit court to the fupreme court and ct under the fame regulations." This caufe having been removed, by the defendant Mafon, from the ftate.court, into thediftri.t court of the United States for the diftrid of Kentucky, under the 12th feffion of the judiciary ad of 1789, is to "proceed in the farmie manner as if it had " been brought there by original procefs." And by the 22d fecfion, c final judgments and decrees in civil ac" tions in a circuit court, brought there by original pro" cefs, or removed therefrom cou.rtf of the feveralflate,,"

WILSON
IV.
M soM.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WIsoN MAIAOls. oN.

-,vhere the matter in difpute exceeds 2ooo dollars, may be re-examined and reverfed or affirmed in the fupreme court.

A caufe may be removed into a circuit court from a fupreme court of a flate, from which, by the laws of the flate, no appeal or writ of error would lie ; and if the principle contended for by the oppofitc counfel is corret, it would equally prevent this court from taking cognizance of a writ of error in that cafe, as in this.
Befides, the queftion, whether a writ of error or appeal will, of will not,, lie upon a caveat, does not affed the title to the land ; and the a& of affembly of Virginia of December, 1789, was only intended to proted: the rights to land in Kentucky acquired under the laws of Virginia. It fays, 'C the rights and intere9s of lands fhall he deter" mined by the laws now exifting," and does not fay that Kentucky may not give a further remedy.

3 dly. A right of appeal upon a caveat did exift in Virginia at the time of paring the adl of affembly of December, 1789, ch. S3. refpeding Kentucky. By the ad of the Virginia affembly, Otober 1788, ch. 67, fed. i I and 12. the cognizance of caveats was given to the diftridt c6urts, and by the j6th fedion of the fame aa an appeal is allowed as of right in all cafes. The a& of December 12, 1792, feCt. 6 and 9. rev. code, p. 8o, 81.
re-enaiCts thofe claufes of the aA of i788.

Mafonfor defendant in error.
It is not denied that the ads of congrefs are in many cafes paramount to the laws of the individual ftates; but even a general pofition of that kind will not decide the prefent queftion. This a~tion was brought in a flate court, under a ftate lAw, before congrefs legiflated upon the fubjed, and even before congrefs, or the conftitution of the United States, had an exiftence. Can fuch an action be effcded by fubfequent ads of congrefs ?

The law by which Kentucky was ereted into a feparate flate pAifd the Virginia legiflature in December, 1789. This is an uvaltcrable law, embracing the citizens

DECEMBER, igol.

of both ftates. It is a compad by which they mutually agreed that the rules of property fhould not be altered. If we admit that by the a& of 1792, appeals were allow-
ed in the cafe of caveats, the admiffion proves nothing in the prefent queftion, becaufe the law of 1789 is an unalterable law, and confined to the then exifting flate of things. It was not in the power of one of the contrading parties to change the terms of the compad.

WILSOt .
.MAOl;.
4-e

But it is faid that there was a right of appeal at the time f that compad. . Let us examine the laws relative 'to this fulje&. The firfatd is that of 1779, mentioned by the oppofite counfel, which declares that caveats fhall be tried in the general court, and that there hall be'no appeal or writ of error The next is the a&'of 1788, which transfers the jurifdidion of the general court to diftri6 courts, and declares that c they lhall hays the "fame jurifdidion concerning" "caveats" " as the gene-. " ral court heretofore had by law." But the jurifdi&ion which the general court heretofore had by law was an exclufive andfinal jurifdidion, fiom which there could be no appeal. If then the diftri& courts were to poffefs the fame jurifdidion, it muft be an exclufve and afinaljurifdidign. But it is faid that by the fame a& of 1788, an appeal in all cafes from the diftrid court was a matter of right. This muft evidently mean in all cafes where a right of appeal before exifted from the general court to the court of appeals; but cannot be underftood to give 'an appeal in a cafe where it had been exprejsly excluded by an exifting law. The intention of the legiflature was to put the diftri& court, as to all cafes arifing within the diftri&, exadly in the place of the general court, and to give them the fame jurifdidion, to be exercifed in the
fame manner, with the fame limitations, and liable to appeals only in the fame cafes. But the a& of 1788, ereaing diftrid courts on the eaJlern waters, did not af-
fed Kentucky. The legiflature had before, by an ad paffed in 1782, ereded a court on the weflern waters,
called the fupreme court for the diftrid of Kentucky, to which it had transferred all the powers and jurifdidion theretofore exercifed by the general court of Virginia; and with the reft, the power to try caveats and to give judgment thereon, without any appeal or writ of error to
their judgment. The ad of 1788 did not take away the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WixsoN q,.
MA. 0o.
. .- '

exclufive cognizance which the fupreme court of the diftri& of Kentucky had refpe&ing caveats, but they retained it till the final feparation of Kentucky from Vir-
ginia; after which the legiflatur of Kentucky pafred no law authorizing an appeal; fo that under the Rate laws, it is clear that no appeal or writ of error would ,lie.
.Thcre being then no appeal under the fRate laws, the queftion will be fimply whether a writ of error will lie to the diflri&t court of the United States for the Kentucky diftrid, upon an adion carried there from the Rate
court, which, under the laws of the Rate, had a final and exclufive jurifdi&ibn of the caufe.

The 22d fedion of the judiciary a& of 1789 (Laws of
U. S. vol. i, p. 61.) which allows appeals and writs of error generally, did not contemplate a cafe like the prefent. This court is bound to take notice of the laws of the feveral Rates. By the 3 4 th fe~ion of the fame judiciary aa, p. 74, the laws of the feveral Riates'are to be the rules of decifion in cafes where they apply. The re.
reedy by caveat is given by the Rate law, and the party who choofes to take that remedy muft take it with its
condition annexed, that no appeal or writ of error fhall be allowed. A purchafer under the commonwealth of
Virginia acquires his right under this condition. It is a
part of the contra& from which this court cannot abfolve him. The parties to this fuit are not the only par-
ties interefted in this queftion ; for while the right is hung in dubio, whilif it is uncertain to whom the grant ought to iffue, the Rate taxes cannot be colle&ed, the commonwealth having -no tenant to whom to refort. Wilfon has fought the fummary procefs by caveat, and
ought to be bound by the reftriaions of that law under which he claims his remedy. He was not compelled to ufe the fummary remedy, he might have reforted to chan-
cery, and then the commonwealth would have had a tenant to pay the taxes. He ought not to have the benefits of this kind of procefs without fubmitting to the in-
conveniences which may be fuppofed to attend it. If this opinion is corre&, although the laws of the United States proiide generally that writs of error may be had,
they can only give them as a remedy where a right exifts; and if Wilfon's right is gone by the judgment of the
court below, he is precluded from fuing it out, by the
ftatute under which he claims.

DECEMBER, i8oY.

Lee, in reply.
This caveat is brought from the diftri&'court of the United States, and not from a ftate court. It is true that it originated in the Rate court, but it was the defendant Mafon, and not Wilfon the paintiff, who brought it into the courtof the United States; and if the judgment of that court becomes thereby liable to be reverfed upon a writ of error, it is a confequence attributable ;to the at of Mafon alone.

WILSON
'V.
MASON. y' .

There is nothing peculiar in the nature of the proceeding by caveat, to exclude it from the general appellate jurifdilion which is givei to this court by the conflitution and laws of the United States. It is not true that this court are to look into the laws of Virginia for their
right to corre& the errors of the inferior courts of the United States. When A caufe is brought from a flate court into a court of the United States, it is to be proceeded upon as if it had originated in the latter court, and the a& of congrefs has exprefsly 'provided for an appeal or writ of error in the very cafe of an a&ion removed from a Rfate court into an inferior court of the United States. Unlefs this cafe can be fhewn to be within fome exprefs
exception to the general rule, none ought to be prefumed by implication. With regard to the compa& between Virginia and the inhabitants of Kentucky, it is true that in all matters of fubfance, where the right of property ,depends upon it, it is binding upon this court; but in
matters of form only, it could never receive the ftri& conftruCtion contended for, even between the parties themfelves. The reafoning of the oppofite counTel would
go to prove that every caveat, depending upon the laws of Virginia, muRl be tried in 'the courts of Virginia only, becaufe they had the fole right of trying a caveat, at the time of the compa&. It would prevent the Rates of Virginia and Kentucky forever from modifying and regu-
lating their fyftem of courts, and neither ifate could ever
afterwards authorize an appeal upon a caveat.

But an appellate jurifdiffion on caveats did exift in Virginia at the time of the compa&. It appears by the aE of congrefs, vol. i. p. 278, that Kentucky did not become an independent Rate till June, 1792. The county

WILSON
Iv. MASON.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
courts of Virginia had before that time cognizance of caveats as to iands within their refpeclive counties. Laws of Virgii 'a, rev. crde, p. 92, §. II, and in p. 88, §.53, an appeal is given from the county courts to the diftri& courts in all cafes of a certain value, or where the title of land isdrawn in queftion ; and in p. 69, . 54, an appeal or writ of error is allowed from the diftrid courts to the court of appeals, in the fame manner as from the county to the diitria courts.
As to taxes, the Rtate may tax the land before any patent has iffued, if they think proper. It is not neceffary that there fhould be a tenant.
The court direaed the counfel to *proceed in the further argument of the caufe, obferving that they would confider this point with the others..
Lee for'the plainiifv in error.
The queftion is who has the better right to the grant for 8,300 acres of land, furveyed for George Mafon, on the ad of Oaober, 1783.
ii . The decifion of this controverfy depends on the laws of Virginia preferibing the terms and manner of acquiring title'to wafte and unappropriated lands' with which there muft be a legal and exad compliance.(A) Ac-
(A.) The following is the fubifance of thofe parts of an ai of aflembly, which are material to this caufe, contained in the chancery' revifion of the laws of Virginia, publifhed in 1785, by order'of the general affembly, p. 94., entitled.""An "1 af for eftablifhiing a land-office, anid afeertaining the. terms "e and manner of granting wafle and unappropriated lands," May feffion, 1779.
'the preamble recites, " Whereas there are large quantities "of wafie and unappropriated lands within the territory of
thi&:commonwealth, .the granting of which will encourage the migrationof,foreigners hither, promote population, inckeafe " the annual revenue, and create afund for difcharging the pub. " lie debt, Be it enaaed," &c.
I.That an office be conftituted for the ,%urpofe of granting lands, and a regifter of thefaid land-offc,.be appointed, &c.
,. ".11 That any perfon may acquire title to fo much wafte d and unappropriated lands as he or fhe ihall defire top.urchafe,
paying

DECEMBER, i8oi.
oording to thefe laws theremuft be a warrant, an entry and afurvey; the warrant being the foundation of the entry, and the entry direaing and controlling the furvey. If the
1" on paying the eontderation or .. 4o for every ioo acres, " and fo in proportion," &c.
§. 3. Regifter to grant printed warrants under his hand and feal of office, fpecifying the quantity of land, and the rights upon which it is due, authorizing any furveyor duly qualified according to law to lay off and furve) the fame, " which (t warrants fhall be always good and valid until executed by ' a-Rualyur.vey :" nowarrant to be iffued other tlban pre-emption warrants, before isth Ofober, [779.' No furveyor to a'dmit the entry or location of any warrant before it May, 1780. A furveyor to be appoimted in eA ry county.
i Every perfon having a land-warrant founded on any of " the beftre mentioned rights, and being defirous of locating , the fame on any particular wafte and unappropriated lands, " fhall lodge fuch warrant with the chief furveyor of the
county wherein the faid lands or the greater part of them lie, who fhall give a' receipt for the fame, if required. The party alldireet the location thereoffofpec;ally a dprec.ily, it as that others m'ay be enabled ,:th certainty to lscate other ,warrants on the adjacent refiduum ;, 'which location t/all bear date on the day on ,wh,,ch it /hall be made, and/hallbe entered by thefurveyor in a book to be, ept for that pwuvf., in wh, ch there/hilbe le0ft no blank leaves orfpaces between the dferent entries." " The furveyor at the time of making the furvey fliall fee , the fame bounded plainly by marked trees, except where " a water courfe or ancient marked line (hali be the boundary, " and (hall make the breadth of each furvey at leaft one' third of its length ineverypart, unlefs where fuch breadth .fI fhall be reftraiced on both fides by mountains unfit for culC tivation, by water courfes, or the bounds of lands uefore appropriated. He (hall, as foon as it c convenierntly be done, and within three months at fartheft after making the furor vey, deliver to his employer, or his order, a fair and true plat and certificate -)f fuch furvey, the quantity contained, * the hundred (where hundreds are eftabliffhed in the county wherein it lies) the courfes and deferiptions of the fevL.al "boundaries, natural and artificial, ancient and new, ex"prefling the proper names of fuch natural boundaries, where they have any, and the name of every perfon whefe " former line is made a boundary ; and alfo the nature of the " warrant and rights on which fuch furvey is made. The faid plats and certificates (hall be examined and tried by the faid principal furveyor whether truly made and legally propor.
" tiotea

WILSON IV.
MAsorJ.

WILsOX IV.
MASON.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
entry be tiade without a warrant, or if the furvey be. ma(tc of other land than that defcribed in the entry, in either cafe there ij a defe.q of title.

tioned as to length and breadth, and fhall be entered
" withi three months at fartheft after the furvey is made, in a book, well bound, to be provided by the court of his
county, at he county charge." 1"Every perfon for whom any wafte or unappropriated lands fihaUl be fo located and laid off, frall, within twelve months at tartheft after the furvey made, return the plat and cer" tificate of' the Laid furvey into the land-office, together with " the warrant on which the lands were furveyed, and may demand of the regifter a receipt for the fame, and on failing " to make fsch return within twelve months as aforefaid, or " if the breadth of his plat be not one-third of its length, as " befoxe dirctted, it hall be lawful for any other perfon to "enter a caveat in the iaid land-office againft the iffuing of i any grant to him, expreffing therein for what caufe the "grant hould not iffue; or ifany peron .hallobtain a/friv of " lands, to which anotherbath y la'w a better rg'ht, the per/on "having fuch better right, may in "lIke manner enter a caveat to prevtnt his obtaining a grant until the title can be determined ; fuch caveat alfo expreffing the nature of the right 4 on which the *plaintiff therein claims the faid land. The "peron enteringany caveatffhall take from the regifter a cer" tifled copy there f which, within three days thereafter, -he fhall deliver to the clerk of the general c(urt, or fuich " caveat fhall become void ; the faid clerk, on receiving the
" fame, fhall enter it in a book, and thereupon iflue a fammons, " reciling the caufe for which fueh caveat is entered, a il.re,quiring the defendant to appear on the feventh day of the " fucceeding court, and defend his-right ;, and, on fuch procefs
being returned executed, the-court (hall proceed to determine :'the tiht of the caufe in a flumnmary way, without pleadings
inwriting ; empanelling and fwearing a jury for the finding of fuch faCts as are material to the caufe, and are not agreed by the parties ; and hall thereupon give judgment, onwah;ch -' no aqtpeal or 'writ of errorf/hall be allonwed; a copy of fuch
judgment, if in* favour of the defendant, being delivered into the land-office, fhall vacate the faidcaveat; and ifnot delivered within three months, a new caveat may for that caufe
he entered againit the grant ; and if the fAd judgment be in favour of the plaintiff, upon delivering the fame into the
"land-office, togethej with a plat and certificate of the furvey, and alfo producin- a legal certificate of new rights on "hi own account, hie fl.all be entitled tp a grant tbereof;-
but on failing to make fuch return and produce Loch certifi"cates within fixt months after judgment fo rendered, it (hall
"9 be

DECEMBER, -i8Sl.

In this caveat one of the caufes affigned is, that the furvey of Mafon was made contrary to his entry, and this we conceive to be a fatal defea in his title.

WtS61%
ev-
MA SON.

2d. The entries made on the 29 th of April, 1780, by G. Mafon (from whom the defendant derives. his title) of his two warrants, No. 1, for 8,400 acres, and No. 2, for 8,3oip acres, were valid and fufficient entries of landon the taft fide of Panther creek, and above the. mouth of the weft fork thereof, at the time thofe entries were made. The entry of warrant No. I is "on 8,400 acres of land to be" gin on Panther creek on the esft fide thereof, oppofite to " a beech on tl. weft fide, about four mills above the " mouth of the wefljork, ,and to tun up and down the faid 9c creek, and eaftwardly for quantity."
The entry of warrant No. 2, Is cc on 8,30o acres to lIe" gin at the upper corner of his 8,400 acre tntry," and "run up the creek on the eaft fide, and ba,'- for quan" tity."

Id.. If the expla. ahtion made on the 27th of O&ober, 1780, of the entry of warrant No. i, on the 49th of April preceding, for 8,400 a res, was a.fubtraaion thereof rom the land to which it had been applied, a matter not clear of doubt, and therefore not admitted ; yet the entry of warrant :No. 2, upon 8,300 acres was not 'thereby afl
: be lawful for any other perf'on to enter a caveat, for that "caufe, againil iffuing the grant; upon which fubf'equent ca.
Yeats, fuch proceedings (hall be had as are before direted " in the cafe of an original caveat ; and in any caveat where
judgment (hall be given for the defendant, the court (hall "award him his cofs;" " andin cafe the plaintiff in any fuch
caveat (hail recov'er, the court may, if they think it reafanahie, award cofti again('c the defendant." "Atadfor pre-tnting hajfy andJurrepttot grants, and avodZig
" controwvir'e: and expenfiwe la~w ftits, be It enadled, that no fur-
" veyor fhal! at any time ew;thb t.w'$ele months after the furvey !. made, tu" or del:;ver any csrtqfcate, copy or plat of la-d, by ';.M "j-rvyed, except only to t eZperjVon or pefw for 'whom rhefr,' 'was "fur-vyed; or to his, her or their order ; unlefs a caveat (hall " have been entered againil a giant to the perfon claiming tinder
fuch furvey, tobe proved by an authentic certificate of fuch " caveat fromt the clerk of the general court, produced to the " furveyor."

SUPREME COURT U. 9.

WILSON
ry,MAs CN.

feted, but remained unaltered, unimpaired and unfub. tra~ted frc._. the land which it defcribes with fufficient le. gal precifion and certainty. The re-location of one war-
rant is not neceffarily the re-location of another. If the warrant No. I. was transferred by a new entry oA the 2 7 th of O&ober, 1780 ', to land fome miles belowthe weft fork 6f Panther creek, yet the warrant No. . having been legally located, on the 29th of April antecedent, upon a tra('1 of land fome miles above the weft fork, remAned appropriated to that tra& of land.

4 th. The entry ot 8,3oo acres, under warrant No. 2, being fuch a fpecial and precife entry as the law requires, i an appropriation of the land defcribed in it; and fixes
that warrant upon that tra& of land, fituate upwards of four miles above the weft fork of Panther creek : and the
furvey made by Mafon of 8,300 acres on thefouth fide of
Panther creek, and beow the weft fork thereof, and feveral miles below it, is not a furvey of the fame land
contained in his entry.

A furvey, of itfelf, without a previous legal entry of a land warrant, is not a legal appropriation of wafle and vacant land*;, and therefore this furvey, unfupported by a legal warrant and-a legal entry, was no legal appropri. atio, by Mafon, of the land in controverfy; but an unlawful intrufion thereupon ; and the fame land remained
open to the appropriation of others, who, having notice of the illegnd furvey of Mafon, were not precluded by
law, or equity, from proceeding in due courfe of law to obtain title to the fame land which is defcribed in that illegal furvey which had been knowingly made by the
agents of Mafon contrary to his legal entry. No grant of the land, therefore, ought to be made to the defendant Mafon.

5 tb. If the claim of the defendant be deemed invalid, then there is no impediment in the Wvay of the plaintiff whiofe warrants, whofe entry, and whofe furvey are perfedly conformed to law.

The two caufes affigned by Mafon in his caveat agaiift Wilfon are refolvable into one, viz. that having notice of
the furvey of Mafon, it was not equitable but fraudulent

DECEMBER, tBoy.

to acquire a title to the fame land which was contained in that furvey. " But if the law be in favor of the plaintiff, equity is alfo : for notice of illegal proceedings in one man to acquire property, is no equitable bar to another who thali in all refpe&s proceed according to law.
On the part of the defendant Mafon, there was full and complete knowledge of Green river, Panther creek, and the weft fork ; and with this knowledge, a furvey was made of a different tra&t than the one defcribed and authorifed by the entry No. 2, for the purpofe of obtaining a grant, in evafion and fraud of the law.- Such illegal proceeding ought not to be fuftaintcd in a court of juitice againft another who fhall refpee and obey the law in all particulars.

WILSON
'. MAsoN.

The entry of Mafon for 8,300 acres, on the 29 th April, 178o, begiis at the upper corner of his entry for 8,4oo acres, as made on the fame day. The entry for
8,400 acres, well and accurately defcribed a tra& of land
lying on the eafl fide of Panther creek, oppofite a beech on the wcft fide, andjfour miles above the weft fork. This entry being fufficiently certain, the entry for 8,300 acres. muft be certain alfo, and defcribes a particular tracer of land lying more than four miles above the weft fork.

The weft fork was known by that name to tne agent of Mafon at the time he .made the entries on 29 th April, having encamped thereabouts, four or five weeks in the winter and fpring before he made the entries for Mafon. It has always been known by that name fince the firft cxploring of that part of the country. He was informed, while the furveys were ftill in his power, that they did
not conform to his entries, and fhewn the manner in which they differed, and yet he obftinately perfifted in having them recorded. The warrant No. 2, then was well and fufficiently located on the land above the weft
fork, and a removal of the location of warrant No. i, even if fuch removal could be made according to law, could not be confidered as a removal alfo of the location of No. 2, without an exprefs declaration to that. effec. The location of warrant No. t, was changed, but the location of No. 2, was ndt. Mafon has furveyed it as if it was ; and hence refults tue fatal difference b'etween

WiLSow
',. MASoN.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
his entry and his furvey; by which his furvey is a mere void ad, and can not be the foundation of a claim to i patent.
But it may be faid perhaps, that Mafon's, fiarvey of 8,3oo acres, although not authorifed by a previous entry, yet being made before Wilfon's entry, and Wilfon having notice of it, was good againft Wilfon, as well as agahft the commonwealth. This is denied. As to the commonwealth it was an intrufion; and as to Wilfon the land was fill vacant, it not having been appropriated in the manner authorifed by law. Before a grant for land has q&ually iffued, .the only record of appropriations is the furveyor's book of entries, of locations. The book of fuiveys was not- intended by the legillature as the'book to refort to for information as to appropriations ; it furnifhed no evidence of that kind. And as to notice, the principle is well eftablifhed that notice of an illegal act, is no equitable bar to him who 'proceeds according to law. Cowper 28o, Chapman v. Emery, and Doe v. Routledge, Cowp. 708, 71 1, 712, where lord Mansfield ftates the reafon for the principle to be, " becaufe ifhe knew the traxfaction, he knew it was void by law.". 5 Co. 6o, (b) Cwoch's cafe. x Eq. ca. ab. 334. Tonkins ..Ennit. 2.Eq. ca. ab. 682., Powell and Pleydell.
Notic dould not make that ad valid which was void at law. A furvey is not the a& of appropriation which the law requires. The land not being appropriated according to law, was fuch wafte and unappropriated land as the ad'of affembly fays any perfon may acquire a title to, on complying with the terms, and by taking the fteps prefcribed by the ad, and Wilfon or any other per'fon might lawfully appropriate the land, by proceeding regularly according to law.
Mafon, then, not having taken the fteps required by the ad of affembly had no title at law; and having illegally made his furvey, with a full knowledge of all the cir -amftances, and after having been warned of ,'"error, has certainly no right in equity. Before he obtained a grant, Wilfon, by purfuing the fteps of the law, 'acquired a better right, :nd was thereby intitledto bring his caveat, and obtaiA a judgment in his favor.

DECEMBER, x8ot.
Daweis:, on the fame fide,.
Notice cannot alter the law, except where the law requires notice. Where a ftatute requires notice and prefcribes the mode, notice in another mode is not fufficient. 4 Term. Rep. 368. King v. Newcomb. Amb. 444, 445.

WILSON MASON.

This is a cafe in which Wilfon and Mafon are both

contending de damno evitando. The jury have found that

by.a law paffed by the affembly of Kentucky, in 1792, all

further entries of land with the furveyors are prohibited,

and that ever fince no land could be appropriated by vir-

tue of land warrants. Confequently the principle applies,

which is laid down by lord Kaim, in his princ,[Iex of equity,

.P. 26, 27, 162, 16,3, 199, " that it is a univerfal law of

." nature that it is lawful for one, certans de damno evitando,

to take advantage of another's error." A warrant is a

tranfitory chattel until it has been located according to

law. The entry is the appropriation of a particular tra6'

.of land, and the fixing of the warrant to that tra&. The

furvey is of no efFe&, unlefs it be a furvey of the traa

to appropriated. Infupport of thefe pofitions he cited

a manufcript report of land cafes decided in the courts'

of Kentucky, p 2.and 3, Swearingen v.--

. 35.

Dougk,.rty v. Crow-6i, 62, .63, Ifaacs v. Willis-268,

Owen v. Wilfon-77, 78, 79. Kite v.Stevenfon-,82, 183.

Confdla v. Brifcoe-i99, Swearingen v¢.fame-197, Mil-

lr's heirs V. Fox-200, Smith v. Bradford-2o6, 207.

Fry v. Effery, 'and other cafes in pages 211, 212, 214,

222, 232, 236, 268, 302, 303, 337, 338, 343, 353, 354;

It will probably be contended by the defendant, that
the intention of the affembly in requiring an entry, was to give notice to fubfequent purchafers ; and that notice given or gained in any way is fufficient. But it has been thewn that here was no appropriation by Mafon ; and
that the land until appropriated is wafte. The land law (hews this becaufe nothing but a regular title is prote&ed
by that law. In a ftatute introducing a new law, or prefcribing the mode of acquiring new rights; affirmative words imply a negative of all other modes of acquiring that right, or fulfilling the terms of that law. The land law by giving one way of acquiring titles, negatives all -other modes. In 4 Bac. 4b. 641, it is laid, " If an af-

WILSON
111.
MASON.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

,. firmative ftatute, which is introdu&ive of any new law,

c limits a hIing to be done in one manner, it fhall not, c even wncre there arc no negative words, be done in

c any other," and the following cafes' are there cit.d.Stradling v. Morgan, Plowd. 206, (b)-Slade v. D, ke.

Hobart, 298. Weiken v. Bal/win. Sid. 56. He cited

a16b, fh,7j'nb ; v. ieetwd.

9Str3an2e9,, and 3 P. Vill.

458, 459, 46o, z61. The King v. Burrage. Where a

certaini mode is pointed out by a ftatute, in which a title

may be obtained, a conformity to that mode is a condition

precedei;t, without complying with which, no title can

be obtained. In the prefent cafe a warrant, an entry, and

a furvey are conditions precedent, and a want of either

is fatal.

Lee.

Jn the ioth fa&, found by the jury, for the plaintiff, it is ftated, the furvey of 8 ,40o acres was made on the
entry of 17 th O&ober, and that the furvey of 8,300 acres was made on the entry of 29 th of April. This muft prevent the defendant from arguing that the latter furvey
was made on the entry of Odober, as well as from pre-
tending that the entry of Ocober applies to the entry of
8,3oo acres made in April.

In order to prove that all lands, not entered for in a, regular manner, were to be confidered as wajie and unappropriated, he .ited the cafe of Yones v. Williams, i Wafh. 23 1, in which the court call lands wafte and unappropriated, although they had been fettled and occupied for years.

Mafon, for defendant in error.

it. The entry of Malon, upon which his furvey of 8,3"oo acres was made, is fufficiently certain, and the furvey is in conformity to the entry.

2d. Admitting that the entry w s vague, and not correfponding with the furvey, yet Mafon having paid for the land, and furveyed it, quoad the commonwe~Jth, he was a bona fide purchafer, for a valuable confideration,
and entitled to the land, provided no ftep had been taken

DECEMBER,t rgor;

by any other Oerfon to acquire title to this lirn,previous to Mafon's furvey.
3 d. Mafon having appropriated this land by a furvey a&ually made, returned to the furveyor's office, and recorded, the land ceafed to be woifte and unappropriated land: And Wilfon, having a perfcd knowledge of thefe fads before and at the time he made his entry, w'as and is, (if he could acquire title at all) in the charader of a fecond purchafer with notice of a prior fale of the iame land,'and therefore was a fraudulenipurchafer.

WxLojA MMAs"oV.

4 th. ' lie piaintiff in error is not, under the provilions of the law, entitled to a caveat in,this cafe, becaufe the better right.: which the law meant to prote&, was a right
exifling before or at' the time the furvey to be caveated
was made.'

ift The entry of 8,3 oo acres is fufficiently'.certain, by its reference to the entryof 8,400 acres. The furveys of 'both:entries are :upon the identical; trads originally intended to be-located. The firft deliCription of them in 'April) 178o, was inaccurate on account of the mifltake in the names of places. [he particular forks and branches had at that time fcarcely acquired an, names at all. The fads ftated-in this cafe do not admit that the names of the places were; known before the beginning of the year 1780, which is the very time when the entries Were made. It does notappear that the place now calld the mouth of weft fork was known by that name before Mafon made his entries. It.may be a name fince acquired, or given -by the furveyor or his deuties, who are the perfons that generally give namdg to places in new countries. So foon
0fas the fallof the fame year Mafon found that the defcrip.
tion was not fuIficientl'y accurate; an'd znade an explanatory entry declaring what pla~e he'meant by the motth
the weft f 'rk,and itating it to be the forks o/ Panther creek where it muths into Gteen river. A miftake of th? kind was by no mears improbable, in the then wiid a A
uninhabited QIate of 'the country' on and about Gr,;n river, when. it was dangerous on account of the Indi us' *to attempt to fet a compafs. That fuch miftakes mIeregeneral is evident from' the names of places which %ere given. Thus the vw fork, is in fat a north-eaft ftrk
K

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WI.soN
'V.
MASON.
'

what is called the eaft fide of Panther creek, is truly the fouth-weft fide. The entry of April, was in fubftance, the location of the tra& furveyed; and the memorandum
of Mafon in O&ober, was only fixing with more accuracy what was before in fome degree vague. If this was the fact, then the entry of O&ober was not a re-location
of the warrant; it was never removed, but was always fixed to one and the fame fpot of earth. If then the entry of October is nothing more than it purports to be, viz. an explanation of the name of a place which was before uncertain, this fame a61 of explanation which rendered certain the locatiori of warrant No. Y, muft of
neceffity alfo render certain the location of No. 2, which depends, for its beginning, upon the location of No. i. In certiim eft quod certum reddi poteoI. The two locations are dependent upon-and conne&ed with each other; and the explanation of the firft muft alfo explain the fecond. It is evident that it was Mafon's intention that the two tra~ts fhould lie along fide of each other, and the rendering certain the firft, upon which the fecond was dependent, could never bq confidered as withdrawing, the one from the other, and placing them many miles afunder. If it was Mafon's intention in O&ober to make a new location why did he not avow it ? No perfon had applied to. appropriate the land he wanted. No one had interfered, or was about interfering to take up that tra&. There was nothing to prevent him from exprefsly withdrawing the entry of April, and making an entire new location. But his obje& was not to remove the location which he had a&ually made, but only more fully to explain the
ideas which he had at firft intended to exprefs, but which on account of the inaccurate knowledge of the names of places and of the real geography of the country, he had failed to do. 'raking then the entry of O0ober as an explanation only,- it applies as well to fix the true location of wgrrant No. 2, as of No. i; and the furvey of No. 2, is as correfpondent to its entry, as that of No. i, is to its entry..

Nothing can more clearly prove Mafon's intention to be to explain, and not to remove his entries of April, 1780, than his omitting to fay any thing refpeffing his former. entry of 8,300 acres, at the time he was explaining the
Ontry of 8,400. B3ecaufe having no idea that his a&t

DECEMBER, isot.

75

would be conftrued to be any thing more than an explanation, it muff apply as well to the former as to the latter. But if his intention had been to remove the location
of warrant No. i, he would either have exprefsly removed No. 2, at the fame time, or elfe would not have ordered the furvey of No. 2, to be made contiguous to that of No. i. He might as eafily have explained No. 2, asNo. z.

Wiason V.
MASON.

Words are but the reprefentatives, and not always the true reprefentatives, of ideas. They do not always ex. prefs, nor are they the uncontrollable evidexnce of the ideas of the perfon ufing them. They may be explained by the tone of the voice, by the emphafis, by the geftures, or by the afions of the perfon fpeaking'. To determine, at a fubfequent period of time, the nature of the act from the words ufed, and not to fuffer the words to be explained by other proof of the nature of the a4, is not
a fair mode of feeking for truth.

The queftion is, what particular fpot did Mafon mean to locate by his entry of April ? He has himfelf anfwered the queftion by his explanation in Oober. The only
doubt can be whether he fpoke the truth. He certainly
had no motive for deception. there were then no contending claims. No other perfon had attempted to locate the land which he wifled to appropriate. He had no reafon to wifh to preferve the priority of his entries, be-
caufe the book of entries was open before him, and he could fee that no perfon had entered for the fame land; a new entry therefore in Oaober would have been as good as his old entry in April.

The 'a& of affembly fays that the warrant " ]hall be good and valid until executedby a6tualfurvey." The furvey then, and not the entry is the execution of the warrant. The warrant merges in, the furvey. This fhews that the legiflature attached greater importance to the furvey, than
to the entry.

If then the land furveyed, is the fame land which Mafon fixed his eye upon, but inaccurately defcribed in April, then the furvey was correly made and purfuant to the atual location,

SUP.RME ' COURT U. S.

WILSoON6 2d But admitting, for the fake of argumenit, :that

1v

the furvey did not correfpond with the entry, -et Mafon

SMAS ON. having paid the morley for the Land, and furveyed it, he

was, as-to thz commonwealth, a bona fide purchafer, for b valuable confideration and entitled to a grant of the
land. The commonwealth could not refufe, becaufe the want of an entry was no injury to her. Mafon had'his

choice among all the WAIe anid unappropriated land in iteite. It was of no importance to the commonwealth,
wht th 'r he took tils tra6t or another. The commonwealth fold all her la-d at the fame price. The land was wafte and unappropriated, and the warrant being exe-

cuted by a&ual furveywas fpent and gone, funaus #(tio. The commowiwcaith had no means to prevent the emanation of a gramnt. As between the commonwealth, illrefore, and. Mafon, this was a contra&t, for that fperific tra& of land. It was as if the warrant ha, been fpecial, for that particular land. The warrant, having
been originally general, b-cani fpecial, as againft the commonweaolth, by tIPe furvey. rhe land ceafed to be waftc and unappropriated, as to the commoniwealth, who was bound by. the furvey and could not fell it to another.

3 d. Tlhis being the cafe, and Wilfon having a full knowledge of all thefe faE1s before he made his entry, became a malh fide purchafer. This is one of the grounds upon which judge ines decided -the cafe; (here the opinion of judge Innes was read, with the authorities there cited.) As a fecond purchafer with notice, he could take only the' right which the commonwealth had,
fubje& to the contra& with Mafon.

.The preamble of a Ilatute is faid to be a key to, unlock its meaning. It appears by the preamble of the a& of 177Y, to have been the obje& of the legiflaturt-, ift to enccurage migration, and t6 promote population ; 2d to increafe the.revenue.

To induce perfons to.become purcnalers it became ne-
cel iry to fecure their titles, and for this purpofe, as the fituation of the cbutty would not permit. them in all
cafes tp make a&ual furveys, an entry, or location of the land ehtqrcd in the fuveyor'a books,. was to be confidered as equivalent, to a furvey, for the purpofe of appropri-

DECEMBER, flovi

atiig the land.and fecuring a title. A fnriey returned an4 recorded. i%, it.tlf,. a,mot. une4quivocal aa f 4p.propriation than an- fitry, ard -the.Uw.has made it the oniy means of executing the warrauit. No time is fixed
by law' fqr, the making the furvey, bentufe in many parts
of the ftato it .was at.that time impoffible to.make. it, orl gc~'ount :o£ Indians, and no time Foild be afcertained
with any degree of precifion when. it .would become pofi.
fible. For the fecurity of fubfequent purchafers, it alfo heamre neceffiary thii forie rnans of. -hotice thould ''be preicribed, that they tright avoid an interference with prior rights. Hence it was ena&ed that the locations of Iwarrants fbould 'beentered itai,book, and. flhould be fod fpecial that.others might be enabled,', with certainty td l4cate other warrants on the adijacant refiduul." The ob.. jcis of the commonwealth in requiring 6ntriex was not tOjfecure her own immediate intereft, but -that of pur-
chaferg, by giving .them notice: and if the fubfequent
pturchafer acquires fuch' notice, it is of io importance whether itbe.by an entry.which was liable to be changeds or by an adual furvey recorded, which was a complete. ecution,of.. the warrant and could not be altered. In,
ecdlthe latter feems to be the more complete and effectual notice, and to anfwer the intention of the legiflature better than notice by an entry only.;

WixrsW I.
MAQ9k;

The other obje& of the legifla'ture was to raife motey.
If then complete notice of the,location was given to the
.fibfequent, purchafer, arid th, uloney paid :to. the 'edm-
mo.nwealth, the two obje&&of the. legiflature Were fully
anfwered, and neither "the commonwealth nor that ftb-
lequent purchafer had any. right. to compli. No injury'
was done to either. The.perton who wth full notice ofl thefe fa&s, infifts upon bec Ming a ficond' purchafer,.
becomes fuch in his own wrong, and if a lofs muft fall
updn eithe4 it mutt 'light upon him, who"thus volfinta-
rily put himfelf in dangeri Where the objeO of afta," tlnory proviflon is only to give notices if notice is had, by other, means, it has the fame effea as if.given;in th4'mode' required by the ftatute, Such have been the uniform de=ifions in England ;on the flatutes of inrollment, and,- fo well eftablifhed ist.he do&rine that it can notbe neceffary to cite authorities to fupport it. Although where a new right-is given by ftaiutes, a tri& compliante *ith the

Wi sow Iv.
MAsoN.
'drawings

SUPREME COURT . S.
provifions of the ifatute is neceffary, yet it is not necefflryfor every purpofe. Blackwell v. Harper, 2 4th. 94, 95. Mrs. Blackwell having defigned and engraved certain
of plants, but omitted to engrave on the plate the. day of their firft publication, as required by the ftatute, lord chancellor flardwicke decreed a perpetual in., junfion againif Harper, notwithfianding that omiflion j ut did not decree an account of the profits.
It will not be forgotten that Handley, a deputy furveyor of the county, was the partner of Wilfon in this bufinefs, and was the perfon who a&ually made the entry, and that he fraudulently took advantage of the knowledge of Mafon's furveys, which he acquired by means of his official fituation, contrary to the exprefs provifions and fpiTit of the aCt of affembly of 1779, which enafts, that "for " preventing hafly and furreptitiour grants and avoiding "controverfies and expenfkve law fuits, no furveyor fhall at
any time within twelve months after the furvey made, " iffue or deliver any certificate, copy or.plat of land by " him furveyed, except only to the perfon for whom the 4' fame was furveyed." This claufe of the a& was made for the very purpofe of preventing others from taking -that advantage of furveys which the deputy furveyor himfelf has here taken ; the law not contemplating the cafe of a furveyor fo regardlefs of his duty and ol his oath as to .be guilty of an a&l like this. A title thus founded, in fraud can never be fupported. Upon a caveat the court is to exercif; a chancery jurifdi&ion. The at fays "the court (hall proceed to determine the right " of. thp caufe in a fummary way." This they cannot do without chancery powers. The court in Kentucky has fo conftrued the aot, M. S. S..reports, p. 60, Ifaact v. Willis, and alfo in page 224.
If Wilfon, by purfuing the ftri& letter of- the law, has acquired any thing like a legalright, the court, as a court of chancery, will confider thofe circumftances of fraud which go to invalidate his right in equity.
4 th. Wilfon is not, under the proviflions of the law, entitled to a caveat in this cafe.
The roceeding by caveat is in derogation of the common law, and therefore the aCt which authorizes it is to

DECEMBER, x8ot.

e conftrued ftrialy. The aa mentions only four cafes in which a caveat may be entered. ift. If the plat and certificate of furvey be not returned into the land office within twelve months after the furvey made, it fhall be
lawful for any other perfon to enter a caveat. 2d. If the breadth of the plat be not one third of its length. 3 d. If any perfon fhall obtain a furvey of lands io which another hath, by law, a better right. 4 th. When upon a caveat judgment fliall be given for the defendant and lie fhall not
lodge a copy of that judgment in the -land office within three months thereafter. In the Ift, 2d and 4 th cafes the caveat is allowed for the purpofe of prote&ing the
rights of the commonwealth ; they do not apply to the prefent queftion In the 3 d cafe the caveat is given as a remedy to him who bath by law a better right, and it
is upon this ground that Wilfon claims the procefs.

WILSON Iv.
MASON.
"' 4

If we examine the words of the law according to their grammatical conftruaion, or' compare them with the fpirit and objea of the law, we fhall find that the better right which can fupport a caveat, muft be a right exifting at the time of the furvey obtained, and not a right arifing afterwards. The words of the a& are " if any per. fon .kafl obtain a furvey of lands to which another bath by law a better right." The word* ai is in the prefent tenfe, and muft apply either to the time of paffing the law, or to the time of committing the injury which is the
caufe of the caveat. It could not apply to the time ofpaffing the a&5 , becaufe at that time there exifted no rights to thofe wafte and unappropriated lands which were the fubje& of that a&. The better right then, was a right to be derived under that law. The injury to be remedied
by the caveat was the injury done by a furvey 'of lands to which another lhould have a better right. But a furvey of lands, to which no other perfon had h right, can not be an injury to any one, and can be no ground for a caveat. As to Wil on's being in the fituation of one certanw de damno evitando, the affertion can not pollbly be deemed corre&. If he is in danger of lofs, he has knowingly put himfelf in danger; he has fought the pofition he is in, with a full foreknowledge of all its evils. He was under no neceffity of interfering with Mafon's claims. His warrant was general. The wildernefs was before
him, and he knew where .Mafon bad furveyed his ]an4

Wer.snte v.
MA CON'.
V

SUPREME COUHT 'U. S.
Tha hthme loid Kaim; who thys 4?no man is confidous of ' wroig when,h takes.advantage of an error committed (.4by another, to fai himfelf from lofs," fays alfo in the fatibreath,'",c brt ,inlucra,captandao, the moral fenfe f( teaths a dlffirent leffon. Every one is confcious of
'wrong whoe an error islaid hold of to make gain by it! f' The confnoufnefs of i;njuftice, when fuch advantage is i.taken, 'i'isnded..intefior in degree, but the rtame in V kinid with the injuftice. of.,'obbing an innocent perfon
of hi',goods or his reputotion." HereWilfon evidently had an inteution of, making gain by the error of Mafon ; and if by that -meana- hehas:put his purchafe money at rifk, it is ntt for a court of la.v or of equity,to be anxious to atlift him. Wilfon,: findinkthai;Mafon had anadvarli. tage by .the priorityof his location, contrived (by the affiftance of Handley,. his fr .udtileni coadjutor) a plan by which he hoped to reap the fruits of Maibn's induftry; ahdM'ow he would-.fain- make the court believe he was an innocent purchafer, ftrivirrg to, avoid a lofs,, the dangerbf which he had iticurred by pure mifadventure.
Upon the whole then, Mafon having obtained a right to this tra& of land againfi the comm6nwealth, and.Wilfon having notice of that right, before he purchafedi has no claim at all ; but if he had, his remedy is not by Caveat.
Yones, ov the famefide.
'This caufe'naturally divides itfelf, into two queftion.
ift. Whether Mafon has acquired a right to the patent.
2d. If Mafon'has not, whether Wilfon has; .for ir neither has a right, Wilfon can recover nothing.
The entry of Mafon in April, 1780, is fuppofed tobo fo abfolutely binding upon him, Athat he could.not alter it without withdrawing it entirely, notwithftandirig that he fubfequently faid he was miftaken in fuppofing the Land to lie above the weft fork, when in fa& it was below. A man may go upon the land and fix in his mind a certain tra&, but when he goes to the furveyor's office he inay miftake its fituation, and fay it is on the eafr when it lies on the weft, or -the north when it lies' n the fouti i.but

DECEMBER, i6,i.
when he difcovers his miftake, an explanation is no evi- -WILSO dence that his choice has been altered. Here is no proof of an intention to withdraw his firft entry ; or to appro- M.PsoN. priate a different trait of land from that which he firft '--r 0 intendt d. The only evidence which can be drawn from the entry of Oaober is, that he had been miftaken as to the point of compafs, and as to the name of a particular fork i"Panther creek. The land which'he had chofen lies above a branch of Panther creek which he fuppofed to be called the Weft Fork, but which is not now known by that name. Mafon was one of the firif, if not the very firft adventurer in the lands on Panther creek. There is no evidence that particular branches of that creek had names given them before.he made his entries in April. He had as good a right to give names to places as any one elfe.
But a furvey itfelf is as- good a location as an entry. Indeed it is better, becaufe it is an a&ual location and occupation of the land. 'The lines are not merely defcribed by words which are uncertain, but are marked out upon the land itfelf. It is a pedis pf/ff/o, 'an a~lual feizen. A furvey differs from an entry as a diagram differs from i problem ; or a propofition from its demonftration. If notice is the obj Ct& of the flatute, a furvey recorded is better than an entry, as it is more definite and certain. If the object is to give evidence of an appropriation, it is better than an entry in the furveyor's book, becaufe it is an a& in pais, an actuAl poiflffion. The one is but the command to locate, the other is the location itfelf.
In this cafe entry does not dbnflifl with entry, and furvey with furvey ; but a prior furvey and occupation, with a fubfequent entry.
A ftrong difference is made by the act of affembly between a furvey and an entry. The firft is a fatisfa6lion of the warrant; and various claufes of different ads fpeak of a furvey as the execution of the warrant. But the entry does not affe& the warrant, which. is declared to be "always " good and valid until executed by alualfurvey." The entry therefore is but an intermediate prqcefs by. which the party gains a priority o right ; it is ntended merely as a fubititute for a furvey, until an "al'ual/urvey" can be
L

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WrtioN IIV.
MASON.

made. If, therefore, there had been no entry at all, yet Mafon's right is equally good as if his entry had been free from queftion. He has done the principal a& itfclf,
Sfor which an entry is only a temporary fubftitute. Perhaps he ran fome rifk before 'his furvey was obtained ; but when a furvey is compltted the warrant and the entry are no longer of any effed or validity; they merge in the tufvey as the firvey does in the patent.

2d. With refpea to the plaintiff's right, it feems clear that it muft be a right exifting atthe time of the furvey.

if we wete diffeizers, as it ia contended, then we
gained a*defeafible inheritance. We had poffeffion, and
,wheiherlegal or not, is of -no confequence, it was-a bet ter right than Wilfon's, and good againft all the world but the lawful owner.

The acquifition of a legal title takes away the remedy by envet. The warrant, entry and furvty, conflitute only an incipient equitable title, to be completed by the patent, which a caveat is the proper procefs to arreft. This being then entirely aconteft about equitable rights, the procefs by caveat muft be an equitable remedy, and gives the court an equity jurifdidion.
If this caveat had not prevented, there is no doubt that Mifon, 'having obtainedand returned his furvey in due time, would have had a patent as a matter of courfe.
Suppofe the commonwealth had attempted, like any other vendor, t6 defeat the claim of Mafon, would not a court, of chancery have compelled a conveyance ? Every thing had been done by Mafan which the com-. monwealth had a right to require; as againft her thereft e.,there muft have been a decree. If fo, then this ;onprt, exerciing the fame chancery powers with-the ;urt below,, will give the fame judgment which that coui't has rightfully given, in deciding that a contra& vxifed between Mafon and the .cQmmonwealth which a co6vrt of chancery would have carried into effe& ; and th4t.Wilfon having a full knowledge of tht exifting contraL, became a fubfequent purchafer;. and, therefore, af to Mifon he was : purichafer mala fide, and can, never defeat the right of Mafon.

DECEMBER, i.

.?avoif, in re(j..

WI LS09

Can lands be appropriated in, more ways than one ? If it is decided that the mode of appropriation is unique,' then there -can be no tantamount ad. . The one mod pointed out by She ftatute muff be purfued. In attempt-'
ing to come at the-true, co nflruaion of the land law of 1779, itis highly important to take into confideration'the a& which .immediately prcedes it, for the fettling of certain then exifting claims and rights. They may indeed be called twin ads, being paffed on the fame day, and
referring to each other. The preamble of the firft ad reCognizes the great variety of claims, and the evils refult. ing from various modes of gaining a title to lands; to remedy which it declIres it to be neceffary..9" that fome cerU lain rule fhould be e/lablJhed," .&c. The legiflature, after
fettliilg exifting claims, go on to provide a Lnode'of Scquiring titles in future, and to fix certain rules which
1hould be. obferved by all future purchafrs of public lands. The great evil intended to be remedied, was the
exiftence of multifarious modes of acquiring titles. To give the -& its proper remedial effed, it muR be conftrued ftridly ; otherwife the evil would continue to be as great as ever. For if you once decide that titles way be acquired in any other mode than that pointed out by the ftatute, you open again that door to perplexity and ambiguity Which the lepiflature intended to clofe forever.

MA s10i . ..

It may not be improper here to remark, that no objedion has been raifed to the intritiefl merits of Wilfon's claim. All the objedioks arife from its relation to Mafon's. Wilfon, therefore, has an intrinfic hgal claim, which. nothitng can defeat but a pvi" -appropriation of the land. This brings us again to the great queflions,. what is a legal adtf appropriation? and what lands can be called cae and unappropriated?
To afcertain the .meaningof thefe expreffions itis not neceffary to confiuhi a gloffary. The manner-in which the legifiature has ufed them on various occafions will leave
no doubt upon the fubjed. Sometimes'they call land wafte and unappropriated after it has been fettled, and fometinws even after it has been cleared and cultivated; and landA bnce leg4a!y appropriated by legal entry, may

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WIx LSON V.
.MAsoN. f

again ,ecome wafte and unappropriated.by the purchafer's not following ex.&ly the provifions of the law. Hence it is apparent that when the legiflature ufe the terms
wafte and unappropriated land, they mean lands notavpropriated in the manner prefcribed by law.

We are then to enquire whether, 'at the time of Wilfon.'s entry, the land was fuch wafae and unappropriated land, as, by the ad of affembly, Wilfon had a right to appropriate.

We contend that an entry is affential, and that Mafon never entered for the land in difpute, The entry called for by the furvey is the entry of April, 1780. That is
clearly an entry for other land. It is a certain and- a fpecial entry. Its beginning is certain, and is above the weft fork. The furvey is fome miles,below the weft fork. But we are told the name of weft fork is uncertain. That the fork f9 called is 'not a weft fork, but a north-eaft fork. But a ffame is different from a defcription. The name is arbitrary, and as long as a thing is.known by -Aparticular name, it is of no importance what that name is.

'But ignorance of the country and the danger of acquiring accurate knowledge of it, are alleged both as a proof of, and' an apology for the vaguenefs of the entry.
If evidence and excufes of this kind are to be allowed, they will totally defeat the provifions of the law. It will let in thofe loofe and vague claims which it was the obje6t of th legiflature to prevent. It is begging the quef-
tion t6 ar'gue that. Mafon was under armiftake becaufe he chofe to alter his entry ; and that what was originally in itfelf certain, was uncertain, becaufe Mafon by a fubfe-
quent a&t chofe.fo to confider it- But there was a reafon why Mafon thould wifh to give it the appearance of a miftake rather than Of a removal of his entry. If he
had exprefsly withdrawn his former entry, he would have loft his priority ; and to fave himfelf the trouble of
,examining all the intermediate entries, as well as the ritk of omitting a:,y of ihem, he chofe to hold up the idea of correding a miftake,.

The entry of April then, being fufficiently certain, the warrant attached itfelf to it, and the warrant and-

DECEMBER, i8oi.

entry taken together had the fame effe& as a fpecial warrant defcribing that identical trad of land. If Mafon had bought, or could buy a fl~ecial warrant tating de-,
fcriptively the land, he could have no other land than that defcribed in his warrant.- When he bought his general warrant he had .the power of fixing its location at his eledfion ; having made his cletion, the power is expended, and the location fixed.*

WILSON v.
MASoN.

But it is contended,' that it the entry for 8,400 acres was removed, the entry for 8,300 w,,s removed alfo ; that the one is dependent on the other. This we deny. Hw is it dependent? Can not one exift without the other ? Or is it becaufe both were made by one peron ? Suppofe the entry of warrant No. 2. had begun at a mile diftance due north from the upper corner of entry No. x. Would the removal of No. J. be a removal of No. 2?

The defcription 6f the beginning of No. 2. was only a defcription of a certain place, as was that alfo of No. z. and his removal of the location of warrant No. i. did not alter that place. Suppofe you make an entry, the beginning of. which is a certain natural boundary. Imake an entry beginning at the north corner of yours. You afterwards remove your entry. Does mine follow yours whether I will or not ? Again, it is faid that No. 2. could not be furveyed without furveying No. i. But this can make no difference, it might make fome additional trou-
ble, but creates no impoffibility. The lines of No. i. may be run fo as to afcertain the beginning of No. 2."

It is faid that a furvey is as good an a& of appropriation as an entry, and equally anfvers all the objeds of the ftatute. This might be a good argument, if the court could make laws; but the law does not fo confider it. It limits no time in which the furvey fhall be made. The firvey, therefore, can not be confidrred as the a& of appropriation. By the old land law, indeed, a furvcy

0 Whiington, .7ujliee. Do you deny the right of removing an entry?
Da ei/ If it were res integra, I fhould. But the whole landed property of Kentucky would be haken by fuch a judgment I admit, thre-. fore, that an entry may be removed; but Mafon, as we contend, has nut
renioved his entry of 8,3oo acrces.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

.Wiasov ,o.
MASON.

was tihe .fubflantial appropriating a& ; but thela elatf9e of the land law, p.. 98, has altered it in this refpea.
.It is contended alfo, that a furvey is better.notice than an eptry.

When a law only modifies certain exiling rights, it is to be confidered according to the rules of Cquity ; but when a man claims under a law giving a right which did wt'exi/i bbfqre, he muft bring his cafe ffritly within the taw. 4 Bac. ab, 6.56, 12 Aod. 5.40, Birch v. Bellamy. Viner, tit.flatute .506, 50.7.

Notice was not the only objea of the law in pr fcrib, ivng an,entry, rhe greater obj,'6 was to. avoid confufion irt the fale of lands, and perplexity in the titles, which would have a bad effl upon the fale, and to eftablifh an uniform mode of appropriating lands and locating warrants. The argument that a furvey is better notice than an ettry goes to provd that an entry is unneceffary. Th furveyor isthe agent of the commonwealth with lipited powers, which muft be firialy purfued, or his aftl 4re void. He is by law dircded to proceed in a particula
manrier, and nouft not deviate. A fpecial power given
Uy ftatute muft be ftri&ly purfued, i Bur. 4'50, Rex v. oxdale. The furveyor muff purfue the entry, and a fur-
Vey not correfponding with the entry is void. The ftatute las made an entry neceffary. In a flatute creating a new
law, affirmative words impiy a negative. Appropriation means a legal appropriation. The book of furveys could
not be intended to give notice, becaufe it is by law fhut up for twelve months from every eye but that of the furveyor and, his employer. Tlhe f4rvey itfelf could not:be notice, becaufe at any time within three months it is alterable by the party, or by the furveyor, and until the end of the three months it does not bind even the party
Iimfelf, or the furve.yor, and for twelve months afterwar4
it is by law kept. fecret.

The law being affirmative that you fhall give one kind of notice, implies the negative tlat no other notice thall be fufficient. The'furvey in itfelf was wrong, illegal and ioid, An aCi in itfelf wrong can never be the foundation of'right. Land law, p. 96, andT ./4ht v. $eman, .tis.day
decided.

DECEMBER, toz,

But in the whole courfe of decifions in Kentucky a furvey has never been confidered as giving a right. The adjudications for eighteen years do not thew the date of a furvey to be material as to notice, nor has it ever been fo confidered. There has never been a title fupported up-
on a furvey without an entry fincq the year'1779. To overthrow this courfe of decifiQns would fhake the titles of half the land in Kentucky. Arguments drawn from
the inconvenience of unfettling titles to real eftate have always been refpeaed. If it is an error, yet where ",it is " eftablifhed and has taken root, upon which any rule of
"4 prqperty depends, it ought to be adhered to by thejudges, " fill the legiflature think proper to alter it, left the ne* ". determination fhould have a retrofpe&, and fhake many
c qutftions already fettled." iB1.Rep. 264, Robitfon . .Bland. 2 Bi. Rep. 696, Rice v. Shute. I P. Williams 223 Regina v. Ballivos and Burgenfis de Be.wdley. In i P. Williams, 399, "Goodrightv. Wright. *rhe court faid " that .1the altering fettled rules concerning property is the moll
" "dangerous'way of removing land mnaris." The fame doctrine is held in 2 P. Will. 2 Dawes v. Ferres, and in'
.Wagstaf v. Wagstaf, 2P. Wll.259.

WILSON iv.
MASON.

The furvey could be no notice to Wilfon becaufe it was Alterable, he knew it ought to be altered, and he might well fuppofe it would be altired. The book of furveys is no record, and is not of more authority than the book of entries, which is the only book to be reforted to, to know what lands have been appropriated.

But if .the furvey was notice, it was notice only of an illegal a&. Notice can not make that lawful which was unlawful in itfelf, nor that unlawful which was in itfelf lawful. 4 Zerm Rep. 639, Farrv. Newman.
The court took time till this term to confider, and
n~w the chief juftice delivered the following opinion:

Opinion of the Court.

THIS is a writ of error to a jbdgment of the court of the United States for the diftrit of Kentucky, rendered' on a caveat, and is governed by the land laws of Virgihia.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON IV.
MA oN.

In the year 1779 the lkgiflature ot that commonwealth opened adland office and offered for fale, with fome refervations,, fo much of that trad of country lying within Sits boundaries fouth.eaft of the river Ohio as was then
unappropriated: a part of which now conftlitutes the ftate of Kentucky.

Every perfon who would pay at the rate of forty pounds for one hundred acres into the, treafury of the flate,
be ame entitled to luch quantity of wafte and unappropriatcd land as was, at that rate, equivalent to the money paid, for which a certificate was given to the regifter of the land office, whofe duty it was on receipt thereof, to iffue a warrant for the quantity of land purchafed, authoriz-
ing any furveyor, qualified according to law, to lay off and furvey the fame. A warrant might alfo be iffued on certain other rights.

A chief furveyor was appointed for each county, whofe duty it was to nominate a fufficient number of deputies for the bufinefs of his county, and the law proceeded to direct that "every perfon, having a land warrant founded " on any of the before mentioned rights, and being dec firous of locating the fame on any particular wafte and -unappropriated lands, fliall lodge fuch warrant with
" the chief furveyor of the county wherein the faid lands " or the greater part of them lie, who fhall give a receipt
" for the fame if requited. The party fhall dire&q the " location thereof fo fpecially and precifely as that others " may be enabled with certainty to locate other warrants c on the adjacent refiduum ; which location fliall bear
"date on the day on which it fhall be made, and fhall be " entered by the furveyor in a book to be kept for that' "' purpofe, in which there fhall be left no blank leaves or "fpaces between the different entries."

George Mafon was one of the earlieft purchafers under this law.

On the 29 th of April, i 78o, he made the following entries:
(t 780, 29 th April, George Mafon enters 8,400 acres iof land to begin on Panther creek -on the eaft fide

DECEMBER, 186.

v thereof, oppofite to a beech on the weft fide about four 49 miles above the mouth of the weft fork, and to run up ",and down the faid creek and eaftwardly for quantity."

WILSON MV.
MASON.

cc 1780, April 29 th, George Mafon enters 8,300 acres, dc to begin at the upper corner of his 8,40o acre entry, and " to run up the creek on the eaft fide and back for quan-
I' tity."

Panther creek purfues a general weftwardly courfe from its fource till it empties into Green river.

The creek forks fomething more than twelve miles and
one quarter of a mile in a ftraight line above its mouth; and one of thofe forks, the direfion of which towards its fource is northwardly, has, from the beginning of the year 178o, beefi generally termed the weft fork, and the other has been termed Panther creek.

On the 27 th of Oaober 1780, Mr. Mafon made the following entry witlA the fame furveyor:

fs 178o, Otober the 2 7th, George Mafon delires to ,rmake his entry of 8,400 acres, more fpecial on Panther'
creek, viz. to'begin four miles above the forks of Panther "creek where it mou~ths into Green river on the eaft fide "running up and back for quantity."

In the months of Septen~ber and Oqober, 1783, thefe
two entries of 8,4oo and 8,300 acres were furveyed by James Horo, one of the deputy furveyors of the county of Jefferfon, which furveys, as was the cuftom, were made conformably to the inftrufions given by Mr. Mafon's agent

The furvey of the entry of 8,4oo acres is fuppofed to conform to the explanation or amendment of that entry made in O&ober, 1780. It begins four miles above the mouth of Panther creek and fomething more than eight.
miles below its forks.

The furvey of the 8,300 acre entry adjoins the furvey of 8,400 acres on the upper fide and the plat was fhown bi the furveyor beforehe would return it to the then agent
M

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILsoN
IV.
MASON.

of Mr. Mafon, who, after its fuppofed variance from the entry was fuggefted to him, approved it and direaed it to be returned to the office.

Thefe furveys were returned in the courfe of the fall, 1783.

The fuppofed variance between the turvey and location of the 8,300 acres was afterwards, about the I2th of September, 1784, pointed out by the furveyor to a fubfequent agent of Mr. Mafon, who alfo approved of the manner in which the furveys were made, and returned them to the land office.

On the 9 th of April, 1783, George Wilfon enters with the furveyor of Jefferfon county 49,921acres of land on Panther creek, fo as entirely to include George Blafon's furvey of 8,300 acres.

This entry, though in the name of George Wilfon,
was made by John Handley, a'deputy furveyor for Jef-
ferfon county, for his own benefit and that of Chriftopher Greenup, as well as for the benefit of George Wil-
fon, and at the time of making the entry, full knowledge of the previous furvey -made of the fame land for George Mafon, had been obtained by the faid Handley, who had feen the furveys in the office and had communicated this information to his two partners in the entry.

In the month of March,' 784, George Wilfon entered in the fupreme court of the diftriL6 of Kentucky a caveat to prevent a grant from iffuing on George Mafon's furvey of 8,3oo acre, becaufe the furvey was made contrary to location, and becaufe the entry was vague, he claiming the fame, or fo much thereof as interferes with his entry made on treafury warrants for 40,926 acres on the 9 th of April, 1784.
Pending the caveat George MafoA departed this life, and the fuji was revived againft Richard Mafon, devifee of the aid George, at whofe petition it was removed into the court of the 'United States, held for the diftri& of Kentucky.

DECEMBER, icr.

94

A croft caveat was entered in the fame court'on the part of Richard Mafon, to prevent the iffuing a patefit to George Wilfon, aitd there caufes coming on to be heard,
it was agreed that the judgment rendered in the caveat Wilfon v.. Mafon, fhould be alfo entered in the cafe of
'Mafon Y. Wilfon.

In June term xgoo, the opinion of the court for the diftri& of Kentucky was given that the defendant Mafon had the better right, and. it was ordered that the caveat entered by Wilfon fhould be difmiffed.

To this judgment the plaintiff Wilfon has obtained a writ of errbr, and the principal queftion now to be decided by this court is, which of the parties has the better
right ? .

But before entering on the queftion it may be neceffary to notice a preliminary ,point made by the counfel for the defendant in error. He contends that in a caveat the decifion of the diftri6t court is final, and 'that the caufe cannot be carried before a fuperior tribunal.

To maintain' this propofition he relies on an al of the legiflature of Virginia, making the judgments of the diftri& courts of the fiate final in cafes of ca%,eat; and on the compa& between Virginia and Kentucky, which ftipulates that rights acquired under the common'wealth of Virginia fhall- be decided according to the thep exifting
laws.

This argument would not appea.r.to be well founded had Virginia and Kentucky even been for every purpofe independent nations ;.becaufe thecompa& muft be confidered as providing for the prefervation of titles, not of the tribunals which fhould decide on thofi titles., But when their fituation in regard to the United States is contemplated, the court cannot perceive how a doubt could have exifted relpeffing this point. The conftitution of the
United States, to which the parties to this compa& had
affented, gave jurifdi&ion to the federal courts in controverfies between citizens of different ftates. The fame conRitutien veiled in this court an appellate jurifdifion ip all cafes where original jurifdifion was given to the

WILoN
'V.
MASON.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON
IV
MASON.

inferior: courts,, with only " fuch exceptions and under 41fuch regulations as the congrefs (hall mike." Congrefs, in purfuance to the confitution, has paffed a law on the
'fubje&j in which the appellate jurifdi&ion of this court is defcribed in general terms fo as to comprehend this cafe, nor is there in that law any exception or regulation which would 'exclude the cafe of a caveat from its general provifions. If then the compa& between Virginia and Kentucky was even fufceptible of the conftrufion contended for, that conftruflion could only be maintained on the principle that the legiflatures of any two ftates might, by agreement between themfelves, annul the confitution of the United States.

The jurifdi&ion of the court being perfe6ly clear, it remains to enquire which of the parties has the better right.

The title of Mafon being eldeft is of courfe the beft if it be not in itfeif defedive.

In the caveat of the plaintiff in error two defeas irk the title of the defendant are affigned.

,ftT. hat his entry is vague.

2ldy. That he has furveyed contrary to his location.

Tle firft was abandoned in argument, and does not appear to the court to have been maintainable.

The fecond (hall now be confidered.

To fupport the allegation that the furvey has been made contary. to the lotation, the entry and the furvqy are produced.

The entry calls for a beginning on the upper c6rner of George Mafon's entry of 8,4oo acres. To afcertain this fpot reference muft be had to the entry called for. That is to begm. on Panther creek, on the eaft fide thereof,
·oppofite to a beech on the weft fide, about four miles above the, mouth of the weft fork, and to run up and down the faid creek and eaftwardly for quantity.

DECEMBER, ttos.

93

The branch of, Panther creek which was at'the date of the entry generally denominated the weft forks" is, fome-
thing more than twelve miles and one-quarter of a mile
above its mouth. The entry of 8,400 acres is to begin four miles above the weft fork, and the land in controverfy ought to be placed above that entry. Yet it is furyeyed below the weft fork.

. To obviate this difficulty the counfel for the defendant in error produces and relies upon, the 'entry of O ober 27 th, 1780.

That entry is in thefe words:

"George Mafonl defires to malre his entry of 8,400 acres more fpecial on Panther Creek,' viz to begin four miles above the forks of Panther creek, where it mouths into Green river, on the eaft fide, running up and back
for quantity."

This entry is contended to be, not a removal, but an
explanation of that which hid been i.ade on the 29 th of April, 178o, and being merely an explanation, the furvey of the ind in controverfy, beginning at the upper
corner of the furvey of, the 8,400 acre tra&, conforms to its otiginal, location, and is confequently free from the exception made to it.

If this pofition be true, the entry of the 27 th of October, 17 h6, muft defcribe the fame land with that whicl is defcribed, though with Jefs certainty, by the entry of the zgth of April in the fame year.

But the'entry of the 29 th of April, calls f6r a beginning four miles aboye the mouth of the weft fork of Panther creek, which 'fork' is more then twelve miles in a ftraight 'line above the mouth of the creek, and the fubfequent entry begins four miles above the forks of Panther creek where it mouths into Green river." The weft fork of Panther creek and the mouth of the fame ereek where it empties into the river are perfe&ly diftinCk and feparate places and were fo underftood at the time this location
was'made.

WZLsI Wv.
MAoW;

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON W'.
MAsoN.
-w

It is however contended that in the extenfive wildernefs offered for fale, accuracy of defcription was not to be expeCted, and the point of union between, a creek and
river might well be miftaken for the forks of a creek.

This would not be very probable in any cafe, but is totally inadmiffible in this, becaufe names of places which they were generally underftood to poffefs have been ufed by the perfon locating for Mr. Mafon, and as there are no other controlling boundaries referred to, they muft be underftood as defignating the water courfes which were commonly defcribed by thofe names, and which any perfon inclined to locate the adjacent refiduum, would fieceffarily fuppofe to have been referred to by them.
But if the location of O&ober explains without removing that of April, then the original entry might without fuch explanation,. have been there furveyed, and could not have been properly furveyed four miles above the weft fork.

This would fcarcely have been attempted.

,Indeed the counfelj"or the appellee, in admitting that an entry made on.the 'landin controverfy, fubfequent to Mafon's entry, but befo ' his furvey, would have been good, feems to have difclofed an opinion that the original entry did not comprehend the land in queftion, and that not the entry, but the furvey. is to be relied on as the foundation of his title.

To the court it appears perfecaly clear, that the entry of the 27 th of Oaober was a removal and not an explanation, -of that of the 19 th of.April.
IIt has not been contended that the removal of the 8,400 acre entry has alfo removed that of 8,300 acres.

The title of Mafon then if good, muft be (hewn to be fo by eftablifhing that a furvey without an entry is A fuffcient foundation for a title.
With a view to difcover whether this queftion has been f'ettled in Kentucky all the adjudications contained in the

DECEMBER, i8oi.

book of reports furnifhed by the counfel for the plaihtiff in error, have been examined. It is not perceived either that the queftion has been direfly determined, or that
any priiciples have been fettled which govern it.

WILsOY IV.
MAsoI.

This cafe then is of the firft impreffion.

The a& of the Virginia legiflature muft be expounded
jaccording to the opinion this court may entertain of its import, without deriving any aid from the decifions of the fiate tribunals.

In 1779, Virginia opened a land office for the fale of an extenfive unfettled and almoft unexplored country' the motives for which are fiated in the preamble of the ftatute to have been, " to encourage the migration of foreigners, promote population, increafe the annual revenue, and create a fund for difcharging the public debt."

Any perfon whatever might become a purchafer of any portion of thefe ]inds by paying into the treafury of the
commonwealth the purchafe money required b1 law. By doing fo he became intitled to a warrant authorizing any furveyor to lay off for him in one or more furveys the quantity of land purchafed. It was apparently contemplated by the law that the number of purchafers would immediately become very confiderable. The condition of thefe purchafers in this ftage of the contrad ought to be diftinaly underflood. They had acquired a right each to appropriate to hinifelf fo much of the vacant land belonging to the commonwealth as he had purchafed, but no right either in common or feverally, to the whole or any particular part of the country, until fuch ight fhould be acquired by further meafures.

This was at the fame time the fituation of a great num-
ber of perfons, and a prior was in no refpe& more eligibly circumftanced than a fubfequent purchafer, except in the
fingle cafe of both applying precifely at the fame time,
for the purpofe of appropriating each to himfelf the fame land. Had the purchafer of the firft warrant been negli-
gent enough to hold it up until the whole land was appropriated, the title of every fubfequent purchafer would
have been good againft him, and he: would have been

W1L$9O v.
MAsoN.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
without remedy. The original purchafe of a warrant then, creating only a general claim which gave of itfelf only in a fingle cafe priority of right to the prior pur-
chafer, it became indifpenfably neccffary to prefcribe a mode by which this general title hould be fatisfied by the appropriation of a particular traa of land,
This mode feems to haye been prefcribed by that part of the ad which fays that " every perfon having a land " warrant and being defirous of locating the fame on any
particular wafte and unappropriated lands, f/all lodge " fucb warrant with the furveyor of the country wherein
the lands or the greater part of them lie." "The party " hall direa the location thereof fo fpecially and pre" cifely that others may be enabled with certainty, to lo"cate other warrants on the adjacent refiduum ; which " location (hall bear date the day on which it (hall be " made, and (hall be entered by the furveyor in a book "to be kept for that purpofe."
This mode of appropriation pointed out by the law a6 that which muft be ufed by any perfon defirous of locating a warrant on any liarticular wafte and unappropri. ated land, requires that the location (hall be given to th( furveyor with the warrant, in order to be entered in ; book kept for that purpofe, which is denominated the book of entries.
It is apparent throughout the whole aa that the legiflature never contemplated a furvey as being in itfelf an appropriation of land, or fuppofed that one would be ever made, if not founded on a previous entry.
Some few of the many paffages which are found in various parts of the law will be feleded to evince this pofition.
The furveyor is forbidden to admit the entry of any warrant on treafury rights, except pre-emption warrants, in his books before the firft day of May next fucceeding the paffage, of the ai. But the prohibition does not extend to a rurvey, and yet this would have been equally ineceffary if land could have been appropriated by a fur-vey 'without a previous locatiou.

DECEMBER, i8ox.

It is declared that no entry or location fhall be admitted for certain lands which are defcribed in the a& and intended to be referved : But there is no dclaration that they ihall not be furveyed. This omiffion manifefts an opinion that they could not be appropriated by furvey alone.

WILSON v.
MASON.

In prefcribing the duty of a furveyor the law enjoins
him to proceed with all praCticable difpatch to furvey all lands entered in his office; and many rules are giv'n to regulate the fuveying of entries ; but there is not a fyllable in
the aC which contemplates or r.-,akes a fingle provifion for furveys not founded on a prior entry made in the bopk of entries.

The mode of appropriation then which the law defiynates has not been. purfued, but it is contended that ano. ther courfe has been adopted which equally produces all the objtcts defigned to be effe&ed by the location in the
book of entries, and whieh therefore ought to be .geceivei
as a fufficient fubftitute for an entry.

The legiflature of Virginia, 'when bringng her lands
'into the market, had undoubtedly a right to prefcribe the terms on which ifhe would fell, and the mode to be
purfued-by purchafers for the purpofe of particularifing the general title acquired by obtaining a land warrant. The court is by no means fatisfied of its power to fub. flitute any equivalent ad for that required by the law.

The cafe of Blackwell v. Harper, reported in 2. Atkyns, 93, has been cited to (how the authority of a court to difpenfe with part of a ftatute direffing the mode of proceeding to be obferwed by a perfon who claims title under fuch ftatute.

That cafe arofe under an af of parliament which di-
reds that "9any perfon who (hall invent, or defign, engrave, &c. any hiftorical or other print or prints, fhall
have the fole right 1nd liberty of printing and re-printing
the fame for the term of fourteen years, to commence from the day of the firft publilbing thereof, which (hall be truly engraved with the name of. the proprietor on each plate, and printed on every fuch print or prints."
N

3UPREME COURT U. S.

WtcsotN IV.
MAS3N.
4- V'

The plaintiff had engraved cevtain medicinal plants, a
-work deemed within the at, and hffd brought a bill to eftablifh her right to the fole property in them, and to
reftrain the defendant from copying and engraving tliem, upon the penalties within the at of parliament.

It was objeded that the day of publication from which the term was to commence had not been engraved, and fo the ad had not been complied with and confequdntly the propert. had not vefted.

Lord Hardwicke was of opinion that the property "efted, although the day of publication was not engraved, and that the words direting the day of publication to be engraved on each print were ordly neceffary to make the penalties incur, not to giye the title.

9 Here," faid .his lordihip, " the claufe which vefts the property is diftin d"

This opinion howev~er was given with great doubt, and only an injunation, was granted without cofts anid without an order for an account.

The cafe of Blackwell v. Harper has, at the bar, been
4enied'to be law. However this may be, it is certainly effentially variant from that before the, court.

The opinion of lord lFardwicke wa not that where any circumftanee was required by a ftatute in order to veft a title, other equivalent ads might be received as a fubftitute; but that the particular ftatute on which the cafe depended, did not require the omitted circumftance, fince the property was vefted by a diftint claufe.

By a referenc- to the words themfelves, it will be per.
ceived that the expreffion of the ad of parliament is fuch as might perhaps warrant this opinion. The pro-
perty is conplktely vefted before the diref-ion concerning the date of the publication is given, and lord Hardwicke fuppofes it to be aqueftion on which judges would differ whether the fubfequent words were mcrelv dire~tory or
defcriptive. A perfuCt property in the fpecific thing was fuppofed by that judge t6 have been given by othr words, and on that idea his decree is declared to have been formed.

DECEMBER, t8ox.

But in the cafe under confideration no property in the
fpecific thing is fuppofed to have been given by other .words. No title to it is created by any other part of the
a&. The purchafe of the land warrant gave a power to appropriate, but was no appropriation, and the mode. pointed out by the legiflature would feem to the court to be that, which can alone give title to the particular lands.

Witso ="MAso0.

But if this opinion fhould even be. too faria, if ax ,a. entirely equivalent to an entry could be received as a fubftitute for one, a furvey does not appear to be fuch an ad, nor does It feem to have been fo confidered by the legiflature.

From the circumftances under which the ah for eftablifhing the land office was paffed, as well as from the expreffions of that ad, it is apparenti-that the entry was intended tb give complete notice to other purchafers that the land located was already appropriated. The mode of giving this notice it was certainly proper to pre.
fcribe. By doing fo, the numerous doubts and queftions concerning the fufficiency of notice, which would inevit. ably arife from leaving that important fad to the difcretion of individuals, in the firft inflance, and then to the difcretion of courts to be exercifed many years after all the lands hould be located, would be in a confiderable degree obviated.

It was doubtlefs an important objed to obviate them.

The regulations therefore refpe&ing entries are all calculated to make them as notorious as poffible.--Not fo of furveys.

The entries and furveys are to be kept in feparate books. Why fo if a furvey amounted to an entry?

The entry muft be dated when made by the locator; but the time of recordinig a furvey may appear or not at the difcretion of the furveyor, and a fubfequent furvey may be recorded before one of prior date.

There are to be no blanks in the book of entries, andthis regulation is well calculated for the prevehtion of

1100

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON .
MASON.

frauds in the origin of titles. It does not apply to the book of furveys.
The book of entries is open to the infpeaion of every perfori. The book of furveys cannot be looked into but at tbe diftietion of the furveyor.

If a prior entry be alleged the perfon affeled thereby 'has a right to demand a copy thereof -"but no copy of a furvey can be given to any other than the proprietor until twelve months after it fhall have been made.

From the whole aat a legiflative intention to make an
entry, and 'anentry only, the foundation of title to any particular tra& of land is ftrongly to be inferred, and if
even an equivalent af could be received, a furvey does not appear to be fuch an a&. Inthis particular cafe it is true that complete notice was obtained. by it, but titles muff
reft on'general principles, and in the general, a furvey would not, without fomething more than the law requires, be notice. The law, therefore, can not contemplate a furvey as of equal operation with an entry.

A queftion has been made at the bar, whether a caveat is in the nature of an equitable aCkion, and on' the fuppo-
fition that it is of that nature, the counfel for the defend-. ant in error 'has infifted that Wilfon, having exprefs notice of Mafon's furvey, was unable to acquire.title to the land 'appropriated by that furvey.

'This would be true if the furvey gave to Mafon any title either in law or equity. But if a furvey without an entry was no appropriation-if it gave no tile-then notice of the furvey could'not create a title.

The do~trine of notice is well eftablifhed..' He who
acquires a legal title,- having notice of the prior equity of another,, becomes a truftee for that other to the cxtent of his equity. But if he has no equity, then there is nothing for which the purchafer-of the legal eftate can be a truftee.

A point in the cafe ftill remains wh;ch appears more
doubtful, and concerning which very confiderable difficulties have been felt.

DECEMBER, iSol.

lo,

Although Maton's furvey may give him no title, it is queftioned 'whether Wilfon can maintain a caveat againft
it

The caveat is a remedy given to prevent a patent from
iffuing in certain cafes where the dire&ions of the law have been violated to the injury of the commonwealth,
or where fome other perfon hath a better right. The cafe before the court is that of a better right. The terms in which this remedy is accorded to the perfon who would avail himfelf of it for the purpofe of afferting his own title are, "tor if any perfon (hall obtain a furvey of lands ,, to wh-ch another hath by law a better right, the perfon
" having fuch better right knay in like manner enter a ca-
" veat", &c.

Confiderable doubts Were entertained whether the word " hath," in the defcription of the charader by whom a caveat might be maintained, did not abfolutely require that the better right ihould exift at the time the furvey
Thould be obtained. This conifru&ion, to which fome of the court were at firft greatly inclined, would have involved c0nfiderable inconvenience, and would have defeated what is deemed the effential obje& for Which the remedy
Was given.

It has'bqen already ftated to be the opinion of the court, that a .furvey not founded on an entry is a void ad and
conftitutes no title whatever. Confequcntly the land (o
furveyed remains vacant and liable to be appropriated by ary perfon holding a land warrant. It is difficult to
conceive that a remedy defigned to enable an individual who has made his entry in conformity with the law, to prevent .another from 6btaining a grant for the land he has entered, ihould be withheld from any perfon whofe entry entitles him to the land he has located. It is not lefs difficult to impute to the legiflature an intention to protea a furvey to which the law denies all power of ap-
propriating the land it comprehends, or an intention of carrying fuch furvey into grant, while another has le-
gally appropriated to himfelf the land thus to be granted.
It would be difficult toftate a cafe to, which the principle, that a remedy flould befo extended as to meet the mifchief, would apply ,mo.e forcibly than to this. If however the

WILsoN, v.
MASON.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON
Iv.
MAsON.

terms of the law had been explicit, thofe terms muft have controlled the fubje&. But the expreffion of the a& is not if any perfon fhall obtain a furvey to which another at the Stime fuch furvey may be obtained fhall have by law a bet-
ter right, the perfon having fuch better right may enter a caveat, &c. The words of the law are not thus exprefs. They are, if any perfon fhall obtain a furvey of land to which another hath by law a better right. The word hath in its molt frid and rigid fenfe would refer neither to the time of making the furvey, nor or of entering the caveat, but to the )refent moment when the word is ufed, and would require that the better right fhould exift at the time of the paffage of the a&. Fhis conRifrudion would
be univerfally rejeded as abfurd, and all would expedl the court to underftand the words more liberally, and to ex-
pound them fo as to give fome effe& to the legiflative will. Some latitude of conftrudion then muff be ufed, fome words additional to thofe ufed by the legiflature muff be underflood, and this being apparent, the court perceive no fufficient motive for extending the remedy to rights exifting when the furvey fhall be made, and denying it to thofe which are equally valid and which exift when the caveat may be entered.

The fzaveat entered by Wilfon is therefore maintainable under the land law of Virginia, fince his title had accrued when it was entered.

The court is of opinion that thd diftri&k court of Kentucky has erred in deciding that the defendant in error hath the better right, and that their judgment ought to be re-
verfed and annulled. In purfuance of this opinion I am direded to deliver the following judgment.

.udgment of the court.

" Whereuponit is confideredbythe court that theplainc tiff Wilfon hath by law the better right to the land in
"controverfy, and that the judgment of the court of the " United States for the diftria of Kentucky be reverfed " and annulled; and that the regifter of the land office in
"Kentucky do iffue a grant to the faid Wilfon upon his. " furvey of 30,000 acres of land regiffered in the faid "office, according to the metes and bounds thereof) and

DECEMBER, x8or.
i- that the faid plaintiff do alfo recover his cofts expended " in this court and in the faid diftri& court, all which " is ordered to be certified to the faid diftridl court, and " the faid regifter of the land office accordingly."
In the cafe of Mafon v. Wi/fon,.the judgment of the court was, "that the defendant Wilfon hath by law the better " right to the land in controverfy, and that the judgment " of the court of the United States for the diflfi& of " Kentucky be reverfed and annullcd ; and that the faid " caveat be difiniffed, and that the defendant Wilfon reco" ver his cofis, &c."

WILSow V.
MASON.

UNITED STATES v. SCHOONER PEGGY.

F RROR to the circuit court for the diftri& of U. STATs,

Conneaicut, on a queftion of prize.

IV. "

SCHOONtR

The fa&s found and ftated by judge Law, the diflri& PEG," .

judge, were as follow :

A final condem-

That the ihip Trumbull, duly commiffioned by the ferior court of nation in an in" Prefident of the United States, with inftru&ions to take admiralty, " any armed French veffel or veflls failing under autho- where a right c rity, or pretence of authority from the French republic, oanpdea exies

" which fhall be found within the jurifdidional limits of claimed, is not

" the United States, or elfewhere on the highftas, &c. as fet advfiti, con-

" forth in faid inftru&ions ; and faid fhip didpon the 22440t1hwdiethtniantiothne dayof April laft (April 8Boo) capture the fthooner Peg- meaning of the
" gy, after running hoer a,,4ore a few miles to the wefiward 4 th article of of of Port au Prince, within the dom- in.ions and terri·tory.woifththeconFvraennctein,
cGeneral 7Tou7aint, and has brought her into port as fet figned Sept. 3o, " forth in the libel, and it further appears that all the fa6ls, 18oo.

" contained in the claim, are truet; whereupon this court The court is as

mthuecehxebcouutnivdeatso

As to the neceflity of giving notice in the form prefcribed by law, vide take notice of a

.Evans'. E//ay on Sill,,, 61 68. 69" 70. 71 -and 2 II .B1. 6o 9. Nicoelfu treaty, and will

Sold hit.

revcrce the ori-

t The material faa. flated in the claim arc, that the fchooner was the ginal decree of iroprty of citizens of the French republic ; that he was pe·rmTiottueIdFfbaiyt c(aolntdheomugnahtiitownav

