SUPREME COURT U. S.

WooD IV.
OwI"I-s.
1

The queftion now made to the court is, whether the a6k of the legiflature of Maryland has annexed other requi. fites to an inftrument of writing conveying lands, with-
out the performance of which, not only the paffing of the eftate, intended to be conveyed, is arrefted, but the in. ftrument itfelf, is prevented from becoming the deed of the perfon who has executed it.

Upon the moft mature confideration of the fubje&, the opinion of the court is, that the words, ufed in the a& of Maryland, which have been recited, confider the inftrument as a deed, although inoperative 'till acknowledged and enrolled,

The words do not apply to the inftruient, but to the eftate that inftrument is intended to convey.

Since then the bankrupt law of the United States does not affed deeds made prior to the ift of June, 18oo, and
this deed was made on the 3 oth of May, i 8OQ, the court is of opinion, that the rights, vefted by the deed, (what-
ever they might be) are not divefted in favor of the affignees of the bankrupt, and therefore, that they ought not to have recovered in this cafe,

Judgment reverfed-and judgment of non pros to be entered.

UNITED STATES v. SIMMS.

U. STA'rTs .V.
SIMM,.
V The a&sf con-
grefs of t7 th Feb. and 3d of
March, x8or, concerning the diftridl of Columbia, have
wt changed

E ]ERROR from the circuit court of the diftriC of Columbia, fitting at Alexandria, to reverfe a judgment rendered by that court for the defendant, on an indidment for fuffering a faro bank to be played in his houfe, contrary to an a6 of affembly of Virginia.
The indidtment fets forth that Simms, " on the ift cc April, i8oi, with force and arms, at the county of 49 Alexandria, did fuffer the game called the faro bank to

FEBRUARY, i8o3.

, be played, by divers perfoils, in a houfe of which he, U. S'ATt$

cc the faid Jefl, Snimms, then and there, at the iime of the

T'.

,' faid play, had the poffeflion and 6fe, contrary to the ,IM-Mi.

,, form of the flatute in that cafe lately made and pro-

' vided, and againft the pe·ace and government of the trIvlind afMMVai-r.

,c United States."

ginia, aopted by congrlI;,ag

The record which came up contains a bill of exceptionSsi, [dliiietrIimaNt,s Panf ythac

taken by the ttorney for th'e United States, to the opi- ulrthr that die

nion of the court ; which opinion was, " that the pro- cliaiige u Pril-

" ceeding by indi6dment to recover the penalty impofed didion r-nder-

" by law for the offence fta·t·ed in the indi&ment

it,

this

ed? chang, of law s nccefiry

" cafe filed, was improper, illegal, and could not be fuf- Fines, firfei-

" tained."

tures, and pe-

The a&t of affembly of Virginia, Janury x9, 1798, -P. 4. ch. 2. §. 3. upon which the indi&ment was founded, is in thefe words, " Any perfon whatfoever, who fhall fuf" fer the game of billiards, or any of the games played at
" the tables cQmmonly called the A. B. C.-E. 0. or faro
" bank, or any other gaming table, or bank of the fame ," or the like kind, under any denomination whatever, to 4'be played in his or her houfe, or in a houfe of which ," he or flhe hath at the time the ufe or poffefflon, fhall,
cc for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one ' hundred and fifty dollars, to be recovered in any court i"of record, by any pe, on who willfueforthejame."

nalties, arifihig fon, b reach .'fthole Iws ar to bc fued
focand recovered in Ox.fame
faehforeteachabneg- e of jurifdidicn, -utath zlacw-
di,

'. §, 8. The prefiding juflice, as well in the diftri& as 4 in all the inferior courts of law in this commonwealth,
9, fhall conftantly give this a& in charge to the grand ju-
" ries of their courts, at the times when fuch grand juries cc fhall be fworn."

Mafon, attorneyfor the United States.

The only queftion is whether an indi6tment was the proper procefs.

This depends upon the a& of affembly .of Virginia of the i 9 th of January, 1798, and the atts of congrefs retpeafing the diflrid of Columbia.

By the aft of congrefs, 27 February, i8oi, -vol.5. p. 268. .7. 86. §. i. it is enafted that the laws of Virginia fhall

SUPREME COURT U. S.

!5.STATES
0-'. imms.

be and continue in force in that part of the diftri& whick was ceded by Virginia. And by the ad of congrefs of
3 d Marh, s8ox, p. 287. . 2. fupplementaryto the al
of 27 th February, it is ena&ed, " that all indidments " fhall run in the name of the United States, and con-
"clude againft the peace and government thereof; and all fines, penalties and forfeitures accruing under the
, laws of the Rates of Maryland and Virginia, which " by adoptioi have become the laws of this diftrid, fhall ",be recovered wili cofls, by indidment or information in "9the name of the United States, or by adion of debt in 64 the name of the United States and of the informer; " one-half of which fine (hail accrue to the United States, " and the other half to the informer ; and the faid fines t4 hall be colleded by, or paid to the marfhal, and one".half thereof ball be by him paid over to the board of 41 coi'nmiffioners herein after eitablifhed, and the other
"-half to the informer."

By the af of Virginia the penalty is to be recovered by Any per/fn whe 'willfue.for thefame. If the queftion had depended upon this a& alone, it would not have been brought before this court. But the adt of congrefs has changed the mode of recovery, and made an indidment
iaeceffary.

C. Leejr defendant.
-cc When a ftatute appoints a penalty for the doing of a "thing which was no offence before, and appoints how
it fhall be recovered, it (hall be punifhed by that means, and not by inditment." Cro. 7ac. 643. Caflks cafe, and 2. Burrow, 803, Rex v. Robinfon.

The ilatute of Virginia contains in itfelf, the mode of
profecution ; and it being fuch (to wit, an adion of debt
by an informer,) as could not be affe&ed by the transfer cf jurifdiaion, and the flatute being adopted by congrefs in toto, there is no necefity of reforting to another mode.
The fupplementary a& of congrefs of the 3d of March 8goi was intended to operate upon thofe cafes under the laws of Virginia, where it had been neceffary to ufe the name of the commonwealth in the recovery of fines, for-
feittrcs and teaalties, and can not be fuppofed to inteftd

FEBRUARY, 13o 3 ,

253

to take w ay a private right, or to alter the mode- of profecution, unlefs fome alteration had become neceffary, in
confequence of thechage of government. That ad muft
be conftrued, reddendaingulafingulis;that is, where the mode of profecution under the Rate laws was by indidment, or information in the name of the commonwealh, it fhould, in future, be by indi&ment, or information in the name of the United States ; and where, by the Rate laws, the mode of profecution was an adion qui tam, or an ad"ion of debt in the name of the informer, it fhould, in future, be an aftion qui tain in the name of the United States and of the informer, or an a~tion of debt in the rJame of the informer alone.

U. STATZO '.
SLmMs.

Mafon, in reply.

The legiflature of Virginia certainly had the right and
power to alter the mode of recovering the penalty, if they thought proper ; fo had congrefs as foon as the jurif, diffion devolved upon them. The words of the adt of congrefs are fufliciently broad to take in this cafe. The ad
fays, all fines, penalties and forfeitures ./allbe recovered by inditment, or information in the name of the United
States, or by aftion of debt in the name of the United
States, and of th informer ; that is, where the penalty is to be recovered without the intervention of an informer, there it fhall be by indiCtment or information in the name of the United States ; but where an informer appears and claims the penalty, there it ihall be a qui tam aaion of debt ; and half the penalty is to go to the United States, and half only to the informer. In this cafe there was no, informer who claimed the penalty. The prefentment
was made by the grand jury.

Congrefs did not mean fimply to render fingulafngulis.
It was found that the criminal code of Virginia could not be carried into effe&t in this diftria for want of a penetentiary houfe. Congrets therefore took up the criminal
fyftem and revifed it. They have pointed out botk the mode of profecution and the appropriationh of the penalty. They have allowed an informer to come in, in all cafes,
and claim half of the penalty ; and where, by the Rate laws, the whole went to the informer, they have declared
that half 'l3all go to the Un'ited States.

256

SUPREME COURT U. S.

L. STATES
q,.
SIMMi.
4

Feb. 2 3 d. The Chief j.ujlce delivered the opinion of
the court.
This is a writ of error to a judgment of the circuit court of the diftridt of Columbia, fitting in the county of Alexandria, in the following cafe.

By an ad of the legiflature of Virginia a penalty of [.15o is impofed cin any perfon who permits certain gamies, enumerated in the ad, to bo played in a houfe of which he is the proprietor. [he penalty, by that ad, is given to any perfon who wil fue for the fame.

After the pafTage of this a&, congrefs affumed the government of the diftria, and declared the laws of Maryland to remain in force in that part of the diitri& which
had bee,, ceded by Maryland; and the laws of Virginia to remain in force in that part of the diitridt which had been ceded by Virginia.

Subfequent to the at of affumption an adl paffed, fupplementary to the a& entitled c, An adl concerning the difirid of Cohmbla;" the fecond feLion of which is in
thefe words: (here the chief ju{tice read the whole fection, and the fubftance of the indicdnient.)

It is admitted that, under the laws of Virginia, an in-
didment for this penalty could not be fuftained ; but it is
contended that the claufe in the fupplerriental ad which has been recited, makes a new appropriation of the pcnalty, and gives a new remedy for its recovery.

It is infifted that the words " all fines, penalties and
" forfeitures accruing under the laws of Maryland and a Virginia," &c. neceffirily.include this penalty, and by giving a recovery in the name of the United States by indidment, appropriate'the penalty to the public treafury.
On the part of the defendant in erxor it is contended that the words relied ou do not change the law, further than to fubftiiute in all adions heretofore carxied on in the names of the flates of Maryland and Virginia refped-
ively, the name of the United States inftead of 'thofe names; and that the provifions of the ad apply only t%

FEBRIUARY, i8oi ,

fines, penalties and forfeitures accruing to the govern- L . STAlt*

ment.

'.

This fubjed will perbaps receive rome elucidation from " a review of the two ads of congrefs relative to the dif-
tri&of Columbia.

The firf{ fedion of the firft a&; declaring that the laws of the two fRates refpe&ivelv fhould remain in force in the parts of the territory ceded by each, was perhapa !nly dectal'atory of a principle which would have been in full operation without fuch declaration ; yet it manifets very clearly an intention in congrefs not to take up the fubjedf of a review of the laws of the diftri& at that time, but to leave things as they then were, only adapting the exifting laws to the new fituation of the people.

Every remaining fec'ion of the a& to the x6th, is em-
ploycd on fubjeds where the mere change of government required the intervention of the general legiflature.

The fixteenth fe&ior continues fill to manifeft a foli. citude for the prefervation of the exii ,g.tate of things, fo far as was compatible with the chauge of government, by declaring that nothing contained in the ad' fhou'ld b6 conftrued to affie6 rights granted by or derived from the ads of incorporation of Alexandria and Georgetown, or of any body politic or corporate within the faid diftrid, except fo far as relates to their judicial powers.

This ad had given to the circuit court, which it eftablifhed, cognizance of all crimes committed in the diftri&, and 6f all penalties and forieiture accruing under the laws of the United States.

It was foon perceived that the criminal jurifdilifion of the court could not be exercfed in one part of the diftri6t, becaufe by the laws of Virginia, perfons guilty of any offence, lefs'than murder in the firit degree, were only punifhable in the penitentiary houfe, ererted in the city of Richmond, which puniflment the court of Ca-
lurabia could not infliCt.

SUPREME COURT if S.

. STATES IV.
S!.Ms.
t

It was alfo perceived that fome embarrafsment would arife refpefing the ftyle in which fuits, theretofore direEted to be brought in the names of Maryland and Vir-
ginia, fhould thenceforth be profecuted. The refpedive laws authorizing them, and which were confidered as having been re-enaded by congrefs, totideth verbis, direted fuch fuits to be profecuted in the names of Maryland and Virginia, refpeffively. The continuance of this
flyle in the courts of the United States was glaringly im-
proper, and it was thought neceffary to change it by exprefs provifion. Thefe obje~ts rendered the fupplemental aOt neceffary, which provides, that the criminal law of Virginia, as it exifted before the eftablifhment of a pe'nitentiary fyftem, fhould continue in force, and that all inditments fhall run in the name of the United States; and all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, accruing under the laws of the ftates of Maryland and Virginia, fhall be recovered with cofis, &c.

The refidue of this fupplemental a& changes nothing,
and only fupplies provifions, required by the revolution in government, and which had been omitted in the original a&.

This 'view of the two aCts would furnifh aror'g reafons for fuppofing the obje~t of congrefs to have been, not to change, in any refpedt, the exifting jaws, further than the new fituation of the diftri& rendered indifpenfibly neceffary ; and that the fines, penalties, and forfeitures alluded to in the a&,are thofe only which accrued by law, in the whole or in part, to government; and for the recovery of which the remedy was by indi&ment or informatior, in the name of the ftate in which the court fat, or by a qui'tam.ation in which the rame of the ftate was to be ufed. It can not be prefumed that congrefs could have intended to ufe the words in the unlimited fenfe con-
tended fox.
By the laws of Virginia, an officer is liable to a heavy fine for not returning'ant. execution whic. came to his hands to be ferved, or'for Petaining in his hands money levied on fuch execution. This goes to the party injured, -and on his motion the judgment (or the: firae is to be ren-' dered. It would be going a great way to conftrue this aOL

YiEBRUARY, i8c'3.

.ofcongrefs as making fuch a fine recoverable for the ufc ,of the United States ; and yet, this would be the confe.quence of'conflruing it to extend to fines and penalties accruing by law, not to government, but to individuals.

U. STATIS
eV.
SiMms.

If a penalty recoverable by any individual, by affion of debt, was to be confidered as defigned to be embraced
by the fecond fedion of the fupplemental af, frilanl a"ion of debt in the name of the United States and of the informer, would feem to be the remedy given b.y ,the acd.

The principle, reddenda Jingulafinguls, would ne applicable ; and it would feem to the court more proper .to fuppofe the qui tam adtion, given in thiscafe, to be the remedy, than an indilment.

The court therefore is of opinion that there is no error in the judgment, and that it be affirmed.*

FENWICK v. SEARS'S ADMINISTRATORS.

·ENWIcK
IV. 'SEARS'S ADMI NRS.

ERROR ,from.the judgment of the circuit court An adminiftra-'

of the diftrida of Columbia, fitting at Wafhington, in tor, havinghad

an adfion on the cafe on a foreign bill of exchange, by lieiraion in

the adminiflrators of the indorfee againft .tle indorfer. Maryland be,fore the fepara-

The' cafe, as it appears in the pleadings and bills of trin of the dif-

tridt of Colum-

exceptions, was as follows:

bia from the

original ftates,
Francis Lewis Taney, at Paris, in France, drew the cthanatnfeopta,'raafttieorn,

following bill of exchange.: " Paris, 5 th'Auguft, r797t maintain an ac9 Sixty days after fightof this my fecond of exchange, tionin thatpart
".(firft and third not paid) pay to the order of Mr. Jo- of the diftrid

ceded by Ma-

,

~. .t.ryland, by vii-

The defendant' s counfel pray·ed that the affirmance might be- t-tueya Of thboyfev-

cofts. It was fuggefted by fome of the gentlemen of the bar, that the.lettr of adqueftion of giving coils againfl the United States would be fully argued miniftration " in the cafe of the United States v Hoe, at this term. The court there- hoeuicttamuatttt;ake fore pu.poned the fubjed till that argument ihould. be had That caufe out new letter
however went off upon another ground without any argament on thc within the .di
queflion of coils And the court did not give any diredlions refPe&ing tri&.'

the cofls in the prefent cafe.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

ABERCROMBIE v. DUPUIS AND ANOTHER. Asiaccom.
Bitl

Dupuxis &

ANOTHER.

ERROR to a judgment of the circuit court for the diftri& of Georgia. The plaintiffs below '(or petition- To give juriferr as they are called in the record) " aver, that they do di6aion to the

c feverally refide without the limits of the dyifriR7 of Geor- court, of the 4gia aforefaid, to wit, in the Rfate of Kentucky, there- the pleadings

" fore they have the right to commence their faid adion muft exprtfsly

" in this honorable court, &c."1# The defendant is called Rate the partiea

" Charles Abercrombie, off tthhee d/ri of Georgia,

r to be citizen of
different flatcs,

or that one of
It was affigned for error that the circuit court had not them is an jarifdi&ion of the caufe, becaufe it does not appear up- alien It is not
fuffcient to
on the record that either of the parties is an alien, nor fay that they
that the parties are citizens of different ftates. And for r!Yide in differthis error the judgment was reverfed without argument. cut Rtates.

The court faid that the quettion had been decided after full argument in the cafe of Bingham v. Cabot, 3 Dal. 383, and they did not think proper to over-rule that cafe.
The chiefjufgice faid, he did not know how his opinion might be, if the queftion were a new one.

LINDO v. GARDNER.

L 1-4Dd

'V. GARDNER.

T HIS was an affion of debt brought by the ad- Dbt will not
miniftrators of Archibald Gardner aigainft Abraham Lin- lie, in Mary-
do, upon a promjffory note, in the circuit court of the land, upon a diftri& of Columbia, fitting in Walhington. The ad Oey, ..
of congres refpeffing the diftri& of Columbia had te ftatute of
adopted the laws of Maryland, as the law of this part of lbmei-gtaivtieonnsicnan the diftri&. In Maryland the ftatute of 3 & 4 Anne, c,eidence, on 9, refpeding promiffory notes, had been "introduced, ufed eivdneb ? It and praftifed by the courts of law," and thereby, and

4 This averment follows immediately afterthe ad ammmm, at th! foot
of the declaration.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

L!Nno 'V*
GAR.)NER.
Y

by virtue of the declaration of rights, fe~tion 3 d, it became the law of the land ; and the courts of Maryland, in their conftru6lion of that ftatute, have always refpet-
ed the adjudications of the Englifh couris. In the court below there was a verdit and judgment for the plaintiffi; to reverfe whicfi judgment the defendant fued out the prefent writ of error.

The declaration is It of a plea that he render to them cc 336 dollars, 97 cents, money of accompt of the United "4 States of America, for that the defendant on the 5th · of Otober i 95, at, &c. by his certain note in writ" ing of that date, fubfcribed with his proper manufcripc,tion, and now here (hewn to the court, acknowledged cc himfelf to owe to Archibald Gardner the faid fum of cc336 dollars and 97 cents, which the faid defendant 'c promifed to pay the faid Gardner, and to the order of cc the faid Gardner, at fixty days after the date of the faid cc note in writing, it being in coiz/tderation ?f value received." It then avers the non-payment, &c. and makes a profert of the letters of adminiftration which are averred to be cc in dueform." The defendant in the court below pleaded nil debet ; ana after verdia againft him, moved in arreft ..f judgment, becaufe,
j. An adion of debt cannot be maintained, upon the promiffory note fet forth in the declaration.
2, It does not appear that the plaintiffs had obtained fuch 'letters of adminiftration, as to entitle them to maintain an a-fion upon the faid note.

3. The declaration is in the debet anddetinet, and ought to be in the detinetonly. *

There was alfo a bill of exceptions ftating the refufal of the court to fuffer the defendant to give the ftatute of limitations in evidence on the plea of nil debet.
The note was in thefe words, cc Philadelphia, O6"ohber 5, L795. At fixty days, I promife to pay to the or-

*The capias, which, in Maryland, iqconfidered aspart of the record, was in -he detinet only. The declaration was in neither the debentor dtinet,
having omitted thofe words altogether.

FEBRUARY, 803.

34

i der of Mr. Archibald Gardner, three hundred and thirty

fix .7.dollars, value received."

A. Lindo.

Peacock, for plaintiff in error, was about to produce authorities on the firfptoint, when he was ftopped by Chafe, juftice, who faid, that an ac7ion of debt will not lie
in Maryland upon a promifory note.

LND,
V.
G"ARDNR.

No oppofition being made on the part of the defendant in error, judgment was afterwards reverfed without argumentif

HODGSON v.,DEXTER.

THIS was an a&ion of covenant brought by FIODCsON

Jofeph Hodgfon againft Samuel Dexter, late fecretary at war, for not keeping in good repair, and for not delivering up in like good repair at the end of the term, certain premifes which had been leafed by the plaintiff to the defendant, for the purpofe of offices for the war department; the buildings having been deftroyed by fire during the term.
The lcafc was in thefe words,
" Thi indenture, made the i 4 th day of Auguft, in the " year of our Lord one thodfand eight hundred,P between f"Jofeph Hodgfon of the 'city of Wafhington and terri" tory of Columbia, of the one part, and Samuel Dexter cc of the fame place, fecretary of war, of the other part, c"witneffeth, that the faid Jofeph Hodgfon, for and in Iceonfideration of the fum of four hundred dollars, cur"crent money of the United States, to him in hand paid cc by thefizid Samuel Dexter, at or before the fealing and cc delivery of thefe prefents, the receipt whereof is hereby ic acknowledged, hath demifed, granted, and to farm let, "c and by thefe prefents, doth demife, grant, and to farm cc let, to thefaid Samuel Dexter and hisfuccors, all that it the three ftory meffuage or.tenement, ere&ed and built

't.
D XTER.
A pubcjc agent of the government, contraaing for the ufe of government, isnotI erfonally liable, although the contra& be
under itfeal.
Q-ere. What bheatlhebleafdatiaofto God; and fha;
inevktable afu. ally?

SSee Note B. ;n theAppendix.

FEBRUARY, 803.

34

i der of Mr. Archibald Gardner, three hundred and thirty

fix .7.dollars, value received."

A. Lindo.

Peacock, for plaintiff in error, was about to produce authorities on the firfptoint, when he was ftopped by Chafe, juftice, who faid, that an ac7ion of debt will not lie
in Maryland upon a promifory note.

LND,
V.
G"ARDNR.

No oppofition being made on the part of the defendant in error, judgment was afterwards reverfed without argumentif

HODGSON v.,DEXTER.

THIS was an a&ion of covenant brought by FIODCsON

Jofeph Hodgfon againft Samuel Dexter, late fecretary at war, for not keeping in good repair, and for not delivering up in like good repair at the end of the term, certain premifes which had been leafed by the plaintiff to the defendant, for the purpofe of offices for the war department; the buildings having been deftroyed by fire during the term.
The lcafc was in thefe words,
" Thi indenture, made the i 4 th day of Auguft, in the " year of our Lord one thodfand eight hundred,P between f"Jofeph Hodgfon of the 'city of Wafhington and terri" tory of Columbia, of the one part, and Samuel Dexter cc of the fame place, fecretary of war, of the other part, c"witneffeth, that the faid Jofeph Hodgfon, for and in Iceonfideration of the fum of four hundred dollars, cur"crent money of the United States, to him in hand paid cc by thefizid Samuel Dexter, at or before the fealing and cc delivery of thefe prefents, the receipt whereof is hereby ic acknowledged, hath demifed, granted, and to farm let, "c and by thefe prefents, doth demife, grant, and to farm cc let, to thefaid Samuel Dexter and hisfuccors, all that it the three ftory meffuage or.tenement, ere&ed and built

't.
D XTER.
A pubcjc agent of the government, contraaing for the ufe of government, isnotI erfonally liable, although the contra& be
under itfeal.
Q-ere. What bheatlhebleafdatiaofto God; and fha;
inevktable afu. ally?

SSee Note B. ;n theAppendix.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LIQDGoN .v.
DEXTER.
I

cc on part of lot number 14 in fquare number 75, fituate, " on the Pennfylvania avenue in the city of W~fhington " aforefaid, together with the back ground and improve-
" ments; running from the faid meffuage (fronting 26 feet) in parallel lines down to. lot number 12, on faid
"fquare, being the premifes next adjoining the meffuage " or tenement now in the occupation of Mr. Jonathan " Jackfon, with the improvements and appurtenances -c thereto belonging, or appertaining, to have and to hold
" the faid denaifed premifes unto him, the faid Samuel " Dexter and hisfice!/rs, from the day of the date hereof, " for and during, and unto the full end and term of eight it calendar months from thence next enfuing and fully to " be complete and ended. And the faid Jofeph Hodgfon " for himfelf, his heirs, executors, adminiftrators and af"'figns, doth hereby covenant, promife and agree to and " with the faid Samuel Dexter and hisfuccefors, that he,
" thefaid Samuel Dexter and hisfuccefors, ihall and may "peaceably and quietly have, hold, ufe, occupy, poffefs 4 and enjoy the above demifld premifes for and during " the term granted thereof, without the let, fuit, trouble, " moleftation or evidion of him, the faid Jofeph Hodgfon, " or his heirs or affigns, or of any other perfon or perfon; C whatfoever lawfully claiming or to claim by, from, un" der* or in truft for him or them. And thefaid Samuel "Dexter for himfelf and his fucce//rs, doth hereby cove' nant, promife and agree to and with the faid- Jofeph " Hodgfon, his heirs and affigns, that he the faid Samuel "Dexter and hisfucced'ors, flall and will at all times during " the faid term, keep, or caufe to be kept, in good and fuf" ficient repair, the faid demifed premifes, inevitable cafu-
Saties and ordinary decay excepted ; and the fame, fo well and fufficiently kept in repair, flall and will at the end ",.of the faid term, yield and furrender up to hifn the faid "Jofeph Hodgfon, his heirs and aifigns. In witnef$ whereof, the faid parties have hereunto interchangeably
" fet their hands and feals, the day and year firft above written.
SAMUEL DEXTER, Seal.
JOsEPH IHODGSON, Seal.

"Signed, fealed and delivered " in the prefence of
,,"John Goulding., " S. Le-wis'.iu ."

FEBRUARY, 1803.

347

The declaration contained two counts. The firft alleged the breach, thus, " but hath broken the fame in this, it to wit, that during the faid term of eight calendar 1 months, he did not keep or caufe to be kept the faid def mifed premifes in good and futficient repair, inevitable
cafualties and ordinary decay excepted; and that he " hath not, at the end of the faid term, yielded and fur-i " rendered up to the plaintiff, the fame, fo well and fuf-
ficiently kept in repair." The fecond count alleged that the defendant hath not obferved and kept his covenant aforefaid, in this, to wit, " that he did not keep or
caufe to be kept, the faid derifed premifes in good andfufliciett repair, inevitable cafu alties and ordinary decay " excepted, but that the fame, by an evitable tafualty, to "wit, by fire, were deltroyed, confumed and burnt, during
1 the faid term of eight calendar months, to wit, on or " about the eighth day of November i8co, and that the
" faid fire, and evitable cafutalty, was occafioned and took " place from negligence, and from the adl: or ads of one
" or more evil difpofed perfons." " And after the faid fire, " and after the expiration of the faid term, the faid defen-.
" dant did not fo yield and furrender up the faid premifes i according to the tenor and effe& of his faid covenant." -To the plaintiff's damage ioooo dollars.

Honecso.i I.
DFXTER.

The defendant, after oyer, pleaded in bar, ift. " That "(before the expiration of the faid term of eight calendar 4 months in the faid writing mentioned, viz. on the 8th "cof November i8oo, the faid demifed premifes, again3f
cc the vill, and 'without the negligence, or other dlefult ofhinj
" the/aid Dexter, 'wereburnedand cotnftmed byfire happening ",fromfome caufe to thefaid Dexter then and yet 'wholly un" known. And the faid Dexter further faith, that faving
' and excepting only the damage occafioned by the fame" iburning and confuming, ie, the faid Dexter, hath, at "1all times, during the faid term of eight calendar months, " kept, and caufed to be kept, in good and fufficient re" pair the faid demifed premifes; and that he hath, at " the end of the faid term, yielded and furrendered up to - the plaintiff the faid demifed premifes, fo well and fufc ficiently kept in repair, faving, and excepting only the -damage occafioned by the burning and confuming
aforefaid, and this the faid Dexter is ready to ven-
4(fy,"p &C.

SUPREME COURT U- S.

HonosoN
IT.
DPxTER.
v

To this plea, there was a general demurrer, and joinder.
To thefecond, third,andfifth pleas, there were iffues in
fact. Thefourth plea was as follows, " that on the i 5 th 4' of May x8oo, the prefident of the United States, for the " time then being, in purfuance of authority given to 4 him by law, did order and direa the various offices be" longing to the feveral executive departments of the Uni" ted States, of which, the department of war then was, " and yet is, one, to be removed to the city of Wafhing" ton on the firfdaty of June, then next enfuing ; and - that in obedience to the fame order and dirction, the 46 various offices of the department of war aforefaid were " removed to the 'faid city of Wafhington on the faid firft " day of June, and that thereby it became proper and ne" ceffary, that a fuitable building fhould be hired, in
" which, the faid offices of the faid department of war' "might be holden andkept, and for this purpofe, and forno " other p- pofe whatever, the building, mentioned in the " indenture aforefaid, was, by the faid indenture, leafed cc to the faid Dexter ; and chat, at the time of executing c the writing aforefaid, he was fecretary of the department " of war, and in that capacity did make and execute the
" fame, and that before the expiration of the faid tern of " eight calendar months, viz. on the ift day of January CC 8o, he, the faid Dexter, at Wafhington aforefaid, re" figned the office of fecretary of the department of war, " and from and after that time, ceafed to hold the fame " office, and until this time, he hath never holden the fame; 1 and further, that on the fifth-day ofMarch, in the year 9 !aft mentioned, Henry Dearborn, efquire, was there du, ly appointed and commiffioned as fecretary of the de" partment of war, and then and there accepted of the "c fame office, and hath ever fince held the fame ; and he, c the faid Dearborn, now is, and ever fince his acceptance " of the faid office of fccretary of war as aforefaid, hath " been the lawful ficc5//or of him, the faid Dexter, in the
faid office ; and this, the faid Dexter is ready to veri" fy," &c.

To which plea, the plaintiff replied, " protefting that " the faid Dexter did not, in his capacity of fecretary of " war, fign, fieal, execute and deliver the indenture of
9'leafe aforefald exhibited, yet, by way of repiication, h

FEBRUARY, 1803.

$' faith, that although the faid Dexter ceafed to be fecre" tary of war on the ift day of January i8oi, and that on 4 the 5 th day of March, in the fame'year, a certain Henry , Dearborn became his fucceffor, duly appointed fecretary "Cof the department of war, and ftill remains fuch, yet " that the houfe and premifes, in the leafe afo'refaid men"tioned, were burnt down and confumed by fire arifing "from within the fame, from the negligence or default, "not of the faid Dexter, but of fome perfon unknown,
during the term aforefaid, viz. on the 8th of November Ii 8oo, while the faid Dexter was fecretary of war, and *'whilft he had poffeffion of the faid premifes, and before
" the appointment of the faid Dearborn ; and that neither " the faid Dexter, nor any other perfon, hath, during the
," continuance of the faid leafe, or at any time, built up 4 and repaired the faid premifes; and this, the faid Hodg4, fon is ready to verify," &c.

HODCSON
,v
DEXTEt.

To this replication, there was a general demurrer and joinder.

The 6th plea was, "9that on the tsh day of May 18oo,

" the prefident of the United States, for the time then " being, in purfuance of authority given to him by law,"

ordered the executive offices to be removed to Wafhington,

&c. as ftated in the fourth plea, " and that it became " proper and necefl'ary that a fuitable building fhould be

" hired in which the feveral offices of the department of

"war aforefaid might be holden and kept, land that for "theft purpofes, and for no other purpofe 'whatever," the

buildings &c. " were by the faid indenture leafed to the

" faid Dexter by the faid Hodgfon, and that at the time

,4 when the faid Dexter executed the indenture aforefaid,

"

he wasfecretary of thefa&idc.department o[ verify,"

'war;

and

this

"he-is ready to

To this there was a general demurrer and ioinder.

Upon thefe demurrers the judgment below wa$ againft the plaintiff, who thereupon fued out the prefent writ of error.

Martin, attorneygeneralof Maryland, and.Key, for plain.. tf in error.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HODOSON Dewder, and Matin, attorney of United States fir the

I.

doftria of Columbia, for defindant.

DEXTER.

J Key made three points.

ift. That the defendant is individually and perfonally liable and bound to the performance of the covenant in the indenture contained, by him executed, and on which the fuit is brought.

2d. That the defendant's firif plea is bad in law, is argumentative, and does not put in ifue matters competent to bar the plaintiff's ation.
3d. That the defendant's fourth plea is bad in fubifanee, is no bar, and wants form.

Yft. The fixth plea and demurrer are calculated to bring i to iew the queftion whether the defendant has bound himfelf perfonally to the performance of the covenant.

'Although a public agent is not generally liable for contra&s made by him in that capacity; ftill he is capable of binding himfelf as well as his government, by ufing apt words for that purpofe.
This cfe is not of importance from any general prineiples which it will eftablifh, The decifion mulr depend upon the expreffions and operation of the indenture of leafe.

The defendant has ufed flrong obligatory expreffions, of plain unequivocal import. - And the faid Samuel "Dexter for himfel/; and his fucceffors, doth hereby cove-
"nant, prom~fe and agree to and with the faid Jofeph' "Hodgfon his heirs and affigns." To weaken the force of thefe expreffions it is faid that he only intended to bind
himfelf in his official chara&er as fecretary at war, firft, becaufe he is Qlyled in the premifes,fecretaryat 'var ; 2dly. becaufe the term furce/ors is ufed throughout the inftru.
ment; 3dly, becaufe the words "faid Samuel Dexter," and "4adparties have hereunto fet their hands and reals,"
refer to.Samuel Dexter in tle official charaater in which .he is firft, named in the premifes.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

ift. As to the ftyling him, fecretary at war, in the Hoosol

premifes, it is only a defcription of the perfon, defgnatio -v.

perfome.

DIXTER.

It is the office of the premifes to identify the contra&ing parties, and it is moft common to ufe any honourable
title which they 'may enjoy. It is not in the preamble that we are to look for the force of the expreffions of the covenant, but in the covenant itfelf. It is a rule of con. ftrudion that when-obligatory words, of plain unequivocal meaning, are ufed, you can not refort to other parts of
the inftrument to contradi& them. But when equivocal or doubtful words are ufed, you may. A party ufing expteffiens that legally bind him, is efcopped to fay he did n6t intend to be bound in his individual capacity.

The word chirnfef" is to be taken feparately from the words f' his fucceffors," and each is to be applied to the
obligatory words of the covenant; reddendaJingulafinguli. The faid Samuel Dexter covenants for himfelf, and for his fucceffors He covenants that he will furrendnr the prc,. jnifes in good repair; and if he does not fo furrender them, he covenants that they, hixfucqefors,- will. Words can not be ftronger than thofe which he has ufed.

2dly. As to the word " fucceffiors." Mr. Dexter can
have no fucceffors, in the legal fenfe of the word. It is true that Mr. Dearborn filled the office poflerior to Mr. Dexter, and hence, in pbint of time, fucceded him, and was in that fenfe, his fucceffor . but he is not his fucceffor in any known legal fenfe of the word. There is no legal connexion between them. Mr. Dexter was not com-
petent to bind his fucceflbr in any manner. He was not a corporation fole; and there is no law of the United
States which authorizes him to bind his fucceffor. The word, " fucceffors," has no operation whatever. Mr.
Dearborn was not obliged to occupy the houfe, nor would an aaion have been maintainable againft him for the rent. If he had been difturbed Li the pofflffion, he could have had no aaion upon the covenant; if he had been oufted, he could not have fupported an ejeament. Even if Mr.
Dexter had been a corporation fole,. his fucceffors would not be bound. No chattel can be limited to the fucceffors of a corporation fole; but it wilJ go to the executor, and not to the fucceffor.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
-HotosoN If thefe obfervations are corre&, then the word cc fuc" ceffors," is furpluffage, and the leafe enured to Mr.
D.XTER. Dexter in his individual capacity , but this point will be ' V ' refumed.
3dy. As to the words " faid Samuel Dexter," and "faid parties have hereunto fet their hands and feals ;,' they can have no operation to let in Mr. Dexter's official chara&er. Either he bound himfelf in his official capacity, or as an individual.
Nothing can be inferred from the word cc faid," but that it related to him in one capacity or the other ; and in which, is the very queftion before the court.
Let us now examine this infirument upon principle.
if. With reference to the perfon executing it. 2dly. as to the legal operation of its expreffions.
All agents, a~ling as fuch, for avowed principals, only bind their principals ; but it muft be admitted that they are competent to bind themfelves, as well as their principals, if they ufe apt and adequate words.
Government can not carry on its operations but through agents, who are diftinguifhed as its officers. I admit that an officer of government, contra5ing asfuch, for government, is not perfonally liable. The law neither creates nor implies any liability on the officer; but he may make. himfelf individually liable by his exprefs promife and contraR. j. Term rep. x8 x. Macbeath v. Haldimand. There is nothing then in the chara&er of fecretary of war, that prevents him from ufing words that will render him liable. This leads to thefecond queftion, which is whether he has ufed fuch words.
This leafe is for eight months; but if for eight years, the fame law muft govern its confirudion. I hold it an undeniable pofition that Mr. Dexter was not competent to bind his fucceffors in office. If he could not, then the leafe muft havefome operation. It can not be intended to be a void leafe. If not void, then it enures to Mr. Dexter and his executors. If it enures to them, they

FEBRUARY, 18o3.

only are liable on the covenant, that is, lie in his life-time, and they after him. A much ftronger cafe exifts in the books. A bifhop is a corporation fole; he has fuccfors technically fpeaking. Here then is a perfon who has a double capacity, competent to 1contra&ft in either. So had Mr. Dexter, But, fay the books, if a leafe be made to a bilhop and hisftccfors, it enures to him and his executors. i Bac. ab. 508, CorporationE. 4. Co. Lit. 46. (b.) 12.
Co. i55. Corven's cafre. The word -' bifhop" in fuch a
cafe is as much the defcription of his politic capacity, as
the word fecretary at war in the prefent cafe. A bifhop has legal ,(filcff.rs ;" and is not an habendum " to a " bifhop and his fucceffors," as ftrong as the words " to
91 the faid Samuel Dexter and his fucceffors ?" If in the cafe of the bifhop fuch a leafe would enure to him in his individual capacity, a fortiori in the caie of Mr. Dexter
who has no legal fucceffors.

-. (oDG;o, D;x'rEi.

Again. The covenant to leave the demifed pr...nifes in good repair, is a covenant real. i Bac. ab. 534, 536. If it be a covenant real and runs with the eftate and in-
tereft, then as the eftate and intereft paffes to Mr. Dexter and his executors, he and they only can be bound. Suppofe the leafe had been for five years, and a ftranger had taken poffeffion ; who could fupport an eje&ment ? Not the lefFor, becaufe he had parted with his interefi : not the fuccelTor of Mr. Dexter, beciufe he is neither a
party nor a privy. Mr. Dexter only' could have maintained the adion, the eflate and intereft being in him. It never was out of him during the term. If the operation
of law cafrs this leafe upon Mr. Dexter, he who has the benefit muft bear the burthen ;. and he muft be bound by this covenant to repair which runs with the eftate.

The defendant's ideas violate all the rules of conftruction.

i ft. In - deed, when words of a precife import are
ufed, you cannot refort to other exprefflons for a fuppofed intent. The word " hinlff," in the covenant, is too plain to admit of doubt.

2d. No words fhall be reje&ed which can be made to operate. By their conftru~ion, the word " himfelf,"
Y 2

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HoDGION which has a definite meaning, muft be rejealed, and give

v.

way to the wei'd "fuccfors," which in this inftrument can

DEXTER. have no meaning.

3 d. Such conftruqion (hall be given ut res magits valeat quam pereat.
According to our conftrudtion the deed is operative; but according to their's it is mere walle paper.
ift. They fay that Mr. Dexter is not bound.
2d. All muff agree that his fucceffor is not bound.
3 d. Ex confequenti, no body is bound.
The cafe of "Unwin v. WolfdYZ, z Term rep. 674, 's clearly in our favour. In that cafe the cont-a& was by an officer of government who exprefsly contraaled " on 99 account of lis najVf/y," and covenanted "9on account of the king," that " governthentflould be atfwerable." In our cafe there are no fuch words,- nor Any thing, except the ftyling himfelf fecretary at 'war, and ufing the term fuccejoTrs, which can poffibly indicate any intention to bind the government.
2d point.
The firft plea in bar is bad. The matter is infufficient to bar the plaintiff from his alion. The fubftance of it is that the houfe was burnt without the negligence or othier default of the defendant. This is no anfwer to an exprefs covenant. Due care and diligence is nothing nore than every bailee for hire, where there is no exprefs agreement, is. bound to ufe. The plea puts in iffue the negligence or default of the defendant, and throws the onus probandi on the plaintiff to (how atual negligence ; whereas the defendant ought to (how fuch an inevitable caiualty as to bring himfelf within the benefit of the exc.ption. He ftates that the fire happened without his default from'fome caufe to him unknown ; but it does not thence follow that the deftru&ion of the 'houfe war inivitable. It is immaterial whether it happened with his knowledge and will or without. The plea does not

FEBRUARY; 1803.

355

bring in iffue the fa& whether the deftruCtion was inevit-
able, or not; but only whether it happened with his knowledge and by his default.

HooosoNi v.
DEXTRa.

Default or negligence means the want of ordinary care.

3d point.

The merits of this plea have already been difcuffed in
fpeaking of the word " fucceffors,", in the leafe. The demurrer here is not by the plaintiff to the defendant's plea ; but by the defendant to the plaintiff's replication ; but if the replication is bad, yet if the plea is bad, judg-
ment muft be for the plaintiff, unlefs the court fhould be of opinion that the declaration alfo is bad, in as much as it is not fupported by the indenture of which a profert is made, whereby it becomes part of the declaration. In that cafe the fate of this demurrer muff depend upon the queftion of perfonal liability of the defendant.

Dexter, contra.

ift. It is admitted by Mr. Key, that the defendant
had a fight to make a public contra& and thereby to bind the government; and we admit that he was alfo competent to bind himfelf. The queftion then is whether this is a public contrad ; or whether the defendant has
bound himfelf perfonally. In addition to the internal evidence of the deed itfelf, the plea ftates other material fads which are admitted by the demurrer,'and which
tend to prove the intention and underftanding of the parties at the time of contrading. Thefe fa&s are ift, The order of the Prefident, purfuant to law, to remove the offices to Wafhington. 2d, Their confequent removal. 3 d, The neceflity of providing a houfe in which they might be held. ' 4 th, That for thefe purpofes, and for no other purpofe whatever, the buildings were by the plaintify leafed to the defendant. 5th, That the defendant was at that time fecretary of the department of war.
Thefe fa&s fhew the authority which the defendant had
to bind the government, and the purpofe for which the contrad was made. The contra&, then, being made by
a public officer of the government, having authority therefor, and for the ufe of the government, is primd

SUPREMr_ COURT U. S.

HoDcsON 'v.
DEXTER.
" --

facie a public, and not an individual, contrad. The queftion then is, whether the defendant has pldged his individual credit, in addition to that of his government.
'1his depends upon the intention of the parties; for the intention of the parties in all cafes conflitutes the contrad. This intention is to be known by the words they have ufed ; but if thofe words are doubtful, refort may be had to other fads, fuch as the fubje& matter of the agreement, the purpofe for which it was made, and the
official charader of the parties, or either of them. But an the prefent cafe the words of tlt. inflrument itfelf feem to leave no room to doubt. In the premifes, the defendant is ftyled fecretary at war, and throughout-the whole deed, when he is mentioned, he is called the faid Samuel Dexter, refeiring to the official defcription, contained in the premifes; and in the conclufion it is faid that the faid parties have thereunto fet their hands and feals. The word ,'fucceors" alfo is ufed wherever the name of the defendant occurs in the inftrument ; and, whether he was competent to bind his fucceffors or not, yet it fhews the intention of the parties, and the charader in which the defendant meant to contrad. It (hews alfo who was to occupy the premifes after the defendant fhould ceafe to be fecretary at war. The plaintiff himfelf alfo has clearly fhown what his underftanding was at the time, by covenaning on his part that thefucceors of the
defendant fhould quietly occupy and enjoy the premifes during the term. This fhows that the plaintiff underftood he was contrading with a public officer, for public purpofes. But great ftrefs is laid upon the word "himfelf ."
The faid Samuel Dexter, for kinfifef and his fucceffors,
covenants to keep the premifes in repair. How does he covenant for himfelf ? Clearly for himfelf while in office, and as the reprefentative of the government, his principal. The fame arguments which (how this to be a public contra&, explain and limit the zheaning of the word himfe!. Who is " himfelf P" The faid Samuel Dexter. Who is thefaid Samuel Dexter? The premifes fay, Sa-
muel Dexter, fecretary at war.

The cafe of Macbeath v. Haldimand, i Terin rep. 172, is a much fironger cafe againft the individual, than the prefent, and yet the court had no hefitation in declaring it to be a public contrala, and that the indihidual wjs

FEBRUARY, 1803.

357

not liable. In that cafe nothing was faid exprefsly of contraffing on account of the government, or for hinifelf and his fucceffors. In order to fhew that the defendant meant to pledge his individual credit in addition to that of his government, the plaintiff ought to make out a very ftrong cafe, in exprefs terms , for if public agents are to be made liable upon prefumptions arifing from equi-
vocal expreffions, no prlidentman will undertake to condu& the public bufinefs, where, of neceffity, contrads muft be made to an immenfe amount. If a doubt exifts, the conftrudion ought certainly to be in favour of the
,gent. The cafe of Uwvin v. Wol'felv, i. Term rep. 674, clearly thows that no difference, in the conrlruCtion of the coxitraa, can arife from the circumftance of its being under feal.

HODOSON
1.-
DEx'rrR.

The intention of the contrad being to bind the government, it fhall not, by reafon of the feal, become the contrad of the individual who did not mean to bind himfelf. The only operation of the feal is to raife the agreeinent from a timple contrad to a fpecialty. The feal
therefore does not make it the deed of the individual. It is immaterial whether th words " on accountr of his majef-
" tY," make the cafe of Unwin v. Wolfeky, a fironger cafe in favour of that defendant, than the prefent. The cafe is not cited to compare thofe facls with thefe, but to fhow that the feal makes no difference between that cafe and
Che cafe of Macheath v'. Haldimand.

2d. Point. InevitaBle cafualty.

The objedions to this plea feem to be, that it throws the onurprobandiupon the plaintiff; and that the facs do not fhow an inevitable cafualty.

The plea 'has ftated all that was poffible to ftate ; all that was within our knowledge ; and if they do not fhow the cafe to be primafaciewithin the exception of the covenant, the plea is bad. No form of plea which the defendant could have pleaded, as to this point, would have
laid the onus probandion him.

The exception of inevitable cafualties is in its nature a negative. One of the counts in the declaration avers the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HioDCSoN
DEX'-TER.
V

defirufion of the buildings to have been by an evitable cafualty. Upon this averment the defendant might have taken iffue, and faid it was not by an evitable cafualty,ior in the words of the leafe, that it was by an inevitable
cafualty, which is equally a negative propofition ; and in
either cafe the proof would lay on the plaintiff. So if the defendant had pleaded that the accident happened
notwithfanding he had ufed the utmoft care and diligence to prevent it; the plaintiff muff have replied fome aHt of negligence. For it can not be fuppofed that the defendant Thould fhow particular inifances of his care for every moment of his occupation during the whole term. Suppofe
the defendant had pleaded, that the fire arofe by accident in the adjoining houfe and communicated to the houfe in
quefion; (This example is affumed under an impreffion
that fuch was the faa ;) would that have been more fatisfaftory to the plaintiff than the prefent plea ? He would fill have to ihew that the defendant had not ufed reafonable means to avoid its effeds.

In the cafc of Konk v. Cooper, 2. lord Raym. 147"7, the form of pleading is not more certain than the prefent; and is the form which has been ever fince ufed in cafes of deftrudion by fire.

It is underftood that the learned gentleman who is to clofe this argument has given an opinion, and means to contend, that inevitable cafualty means the a& of God.

But fu-ely it can not mean an accident only evitable by the power of the fupreme being. Death is ufually termed the ad of God; but death may be by human means which may often'be avoided ; as in the cafe of murder. So death may be the confequence of unfkilfulnefs of the phyfician, and might have been avoided by
employing a man of more fkill. So a man by expofing himfelf to a ftorm may take cold, and death may enfue; which might have been avoided by not expofing himfelf to the ftorm. Yet in all thefe cafes the death is faid to be the ad of God. An inevitable. cafualty therefore is not always the act of God ; but muff mean, in the prefent cafe, a cafualty inevitable by the defendant. It cannot
mean a cafuahy evitable only by the united exertions of the whole human race. A whirlwind is faid to be the

FEBRUARY, 1803.

359

ad of God, yet its effe&s may be prevented by building a wall of brafs abPut the houfe of fufficient ftrength. So the effefs of lightning may be prevented by proper con-
duCdors; and the ravages of enemies may be impeded by
a fufficient human force. Thefe examples are cited to
fhow that the term inevitable cafialty can not be confined to thofe accidents which are ufually termed the ads of God ; nor to fuch as are inevitable notwithftanding the. united exertions of all the world. Where, then, is the line to be drawn ?

HoiGso 1'.
DEXTER.

It is believed that the true meaning of the expreffion is, fuch accidents as -can not be prevented by reafonable
care and diligence.

But even talking the expreffion to be confined only to thofe accidents which are called the a& of God, yet there are not wanting old authorities which exprefsly call a fudden fire the ad of God, although more modern writers have very properly termed it an inevitable accident. T. Rolls. ab. 8o8. p1. 6. under the head of " what' ads
"fhall excufe an efcape," fays, " fo if the prifoners ef"cape by fuddenfire, this Thall excufe the efcapefor thit
"is the aRc of God." And. in Dyer 66. (b.) 15. it is faid hifahe 'plead that the prifon was'broken by enemies "of the king, or byfuddenfire, which is the aR 6f God, or " by fuch force or vehement power that he could not reef fift, this is good matter."

The cafe of Forward v. Pittard, i. Zerm rep. 27, is
a very ifrong one upon this point. There was a verdi& for the plaintiff, fubje& to the opinion of the court upon the following cafe. That the defendant was a common carrier from London to Staftefbury. That on Thucfday the i 4 th Odober 1784, the plaintiff delivered to him on Weybill twelve pockets of hops to be carried by him to Andover, and to be by him forwarded to Shaftefbury by hispublic road waggon, which travels from London, through
Andover, to Shaftefbury. That by the courfe of travelling, fuch waggon was not to leave Andover till the Saturday evening following. That in the night of the following day after the delivery of the hops, afire broke ut i:anbooth, at the diflance of about ioo yards from the
booth in which the defendant had dcpofited the liops.

SUPREME COURT V. S.

HoDGsoN IV.
DExvr .

which burnt for fome time with unextinguifhable violence, and during that time communicated itfelf to the faid booth in which the defendant had depofited the hops, and en-
Stiiely confumed them without any afual negligence in the defendant. That the fire was not occafjoned by lightning."

The counfel for the plaintiff in that cafe contended that a carrieris liable in all cafes except the lofs be occcfoned by the ac7 of God or the king's enemies; and a diflindion is taken between the a& of God and inevitable accident.

The counfel for the defendant infiffed that he was not liable for accidents happening without any default or negligence of the carrier.

Lord Mansfield faid there was " a nice diftindion bec tween the a& of God, and inevitable neceffity. In ",thefe cafes (of common carriers) acual negligence is
" not neceffary to fupport the acion."

Afterwards lord Mansfield delivered the unanimous opinion of the court. " It is laid down that a carrier is
c liable for every accident ; except by the ad of God, or ,tht king's enemies. Now what is the ad of God ?
" I confider it to mean fomething in oppofition to the '-at of man: for every thing is the ad of God that " happens by his permiffion ; every thiiig by his know,cledge. But to prevent litigation, collufion, and the
-neceffity of going into circumlances impcffible to be ( unraveiied, the law prefumes againfl the carrier, uniefs " he fhows it wac. done by thc king's enemies, or by fuch -a& as could not happen by the intervention of man, as
c forms, lightning and tempefts."

" If an armed force come to rob the carrier of the goods the is liable ; and the true reafon is for fear it may give ' room for collufion, that the mafter may contrive to be " robbed on purpofe, and fhare the fpoil.

" In this cafe it does net appear but that tbe fire arfe
,,from the ac7 offoe man or other. It certainly aidar,1*
"fron fome aR of man; fer it iS expreJ)ly Jlaled n9t to L.ave cc happened by lightning. The carrier lierefore inthis cafe
' is liable, i<,nuch as be is liablefir inevitable accident."

FEBRUARY, 1803.

The court in that cafe call a fire ary/ing from the aR of man, an inevitable accident, but decide, that the carrier is liable, inafnuch as he is liable for inevitable accident; being
confidered as an infurer. There the cafe fhews that the
fire arofe from the aR7 of man ; but inafinuch as it was
without any default of the carrier, the court called it an inevitable accident. In the prefent cafe, the plea fRates, that againfi the 'willand without the negligence, or other de-
fault of the df'ndant, the building was confumed by fire ar/iwngfrom ome cat', then and yet .wholly unknown to the defendant. The only difference in the two cafes is, that in the cafe of the carrier, the fire appeared to have arifen from the a& of man, but in the prefent cafe, the caufe of the fire is wholly unknown. If the former was juftly called an inevitableaccident, a fortiori, the latter ought to be fo called.

HoDGsoIN ,V.
DExTER.'

In Comyn's rep. 631, deftruaion by fire ".admitted by the counfel on both fides, to be an unavoida/e accident.

In 7oner on bailment, a work remarkable for the correanefs and precifion of its language, p. 9o , American Ed. (p.
49 of Englifj1 Ed.) is this expreffion, " if they be def-
4 troyed by wreck, pillage,fire, or otbers inevitable misfor-
" tune." In page 93, (51,) he cites a paragraph from Puffendorf, " that the borrower ought to indemnify the lend" er, if the goods lent be deftroyed byfire, fhipwreck, or
" other inevitable accident." In page 97, (53,) he fay5, " there are other cafes, in which a borrower is charge, " able for inevitable mifchance ;for example, if the houfe of
Caius be injflames, and he be able to fecure one thing on" ly," &c. And in p. 142, (78) " there is no obligation in " the bailee to fuggeft wife precautions againft inevitable
" accident, and he cannot, therefore, be obliged to advife infurancefromfire." In page 146, (79, 80,) he fais" al-
"though the aR7 of God be an expreflion, which too long " cuftom has rendered familiar to us, yet perhaps, on that
99 very account, it might be more proper, as well as more c decent, to fubftitute in its place inevitableaccident." See alfo p. 135, (73,) 146, (79, 8o,) 149, (81, 82,) 32, (8,) as to. the peculiar law refpe&ing innkeepers and com-
mon carriers, and as to the ge;ieral principle that the bailee is liable only for negligence, the degree of which is regulated by the nature of the bailment.
'Z 2

SUPREME COURT V. S.

HoDGsoN
DEXTER. v

The authorities thus cited fhew that fire in former times was called the a6 of God, but in latter days it is termed, in the very expreffions of the leafe, an inevitable
accident, an inevitable cafualty, an inevitable mifchance, or an unavoidable accident, by lawyers, by judges, and by elementary writers. The prefumption therefore is ftrong, that the cafe of fire was the very cafe of inevitable cafualty, which the exception in the leafe was. intended to guard againft.

3 d. As to the third point.
It is immaterial whether this be confidered as the con-
tract of the ffilcer in his official capacity, or of the government, and whether an aCtion will or will not lay againft the fucceffor. That queflion can only be of importance
as it concerns the mode of the remedy, but does, not affe t the point of perfonal liability. It would be ruinous not only to the agent, but to the government itfelf, if this doctrine of individual refponfibility is to be eftablifhed. Suppofe the defendant or his fucceffor had been difpoffeffed by the plaintiff during the term, who would have the right of aaion ? If the defendant after he was out of office had the fole right to fue, the office muft be-at his mercy. He might rcleafe the contrat. Suppofe a contract made by the fecretary at war, for fupplying the army, and advances as ufual made to the contra~tor. Suppofe the frm advanced to be 5o,ooo dollars, (which in fuch cafes is not a large fum,) and the contractor pockets the money and refufes to make the fupplies. The fecretary becomes bankrupt, or refufes to bring fuit, or dies and his executors refufe tofrue. How are the public to compel them ? Is it confiflent with the dignity of the United States to afk their leave to bring fuit ? There is now exifting a contract
for the cafting of cannon, made by the defendant while in office. Can the fecretary out of office releafe this contract ? Can he give a valid releafe of the contraCL for fupplies to the army ?

Thefe examples fhow, that the ex-fecretary is not the perfon contracting, and that the fuit is brought againfl
the wrong perfon.

.Mfon, on the fame fide, was ftopped by the court, who faid they were fatisfied with the argument on the

FEBRUARY, 1803.

363

part of the defendant, upon the firfpotint, and wifhed to hear the counfel in reply. Mr. Martin obferved, that he
did not fuppofe that any thing he had to offer would fhake the opinion which the court feemed to have formed, and ihould not infift upon replying.

HoDosON IV.
DTER.

March 2d. The Chief c/u/lice, after Rlating the terms of the leafe, and the pleadings, delivered the unanimous opinion of the court.

The plaintiff in error has made two points.

ift. That under this contra&, the defendant was bound in his private capacity.

2dly. That the matter, pleaded in his plea, did not fhew the cafualty, by which the buildings were deftroyed, to have been inevitable.

This court give no opinion on the fecond point, being unanimous in favor of the defendant on the firfl.

It appears, from the pleadings, that congrefs had paffed a law authorizing and requiring the prefident to caufe
the public offices to be removed from Philadelphia to Wafhington ; in purfuance of which law, inftru&ions, by the prefident, were given, and the offices belonging to the department of war were removed ; that it became ne-
ceffary to provide a war office, and that for this purpofe, and no other, the agreement was entered into bythe de.fendant who was then at the head of this department. During the leafe, the building was confumed by fire.

It is too clear to be controverted, that where a public agent ads in the line of his duty and by legal authority ; his contradts made on account of the government, are public and not perfonal.

They enure to the benefit of, and are obligatory on the government; not the officer.

A contrary dodrine would be produtive of the moft injurious confequences to the public, as-well as to individu-
als. The government is incapable of a~ling otherwife than .by its agents, and no prudent man would confent to be,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HoDGsoN .v.
DPXTFPR.
V

come apublic agent, if he fhould be made perfonally refponfible for contra6ts on the public account. This fubjewas very fully difcuffed in'the cafe of Macbeath v. Haldi-
mand cited from firft term reports; and this court confidere the principles, laid down in that cafe, as confonant to policy, juftice and law.

The plaintiff has not controverted the general principle, but has infifted, that, in this cafe, the defendant has,
by the terms of his contraa, bound himfelf perfonally.

It is admitted that the houfe was taken on account of the public, in purfuance of the proper authority ; and
that the contra& was made by the perfon at the head of the department, for the ufe of which it was taken ; nor is there any allegation, nor is there any reafon to believe, that the plaintiff preferred the private refponfibility of the defendant, to that of the government ; or that he was unwilling to contra& on the faith of government. Under
thefe circumftances, the intent of the officer to bind himfelf perfonally mufr be very apparent indeed, to induce fuch a conftruaion of the contra&.

The court can perceive no fuch intent. On the contrary, the contra&: exhibits every appearance of being made with a view entirely to the government.

The official charader of the defendant is Rated in the defeription of the parties. This, it has been faid, might
be occafioned by a willingnefs in the defendant to defcribe himfclf by the high and honorable office he then filled. This, unqueftionably, is poffible, but is not the fair con-
ftru&ion to be placed on this part of the contra&, becaufe it is not ufual for gentlemen, in their private concerns, to exhibit themfelves in their official character.

The tenement is let to " the f;it Samuel Dexter and his fucceffors;" an expreffion plainly evidencing that it was not for himfelf, otherwife than as fecretary of war;
and that the leffor fo underftood the contrac. It is alfo
evincive of the corre~tnefs of the obfervation of the defendant, that the words " faid Samuel Dexter," refer to him in his officilA charapCer, as defcribed in the premifes. The habendum is " to have and to hold the faid demifed

FEBRUARY, 1803.

365

" premifes to him the faid Samuel Dexten and his fuecef"firs," &c.-fhowing, that to the knowledge of the leffor, if Mr. Dexter ihould go out of office the next day, the fucceffor to the war department would fucceed atfo to the occupancy of the office.

HIODGSON q;.
DExTER.

The covenant for quiet enjoyment during the term is with the faid Samuel Dexter and his fiicaJfrs, and is, that.they, as well as he, flhall enjoy.

The covenant on the part of Mr. Dexter, on which the fuit is brought, is for himfelf and his fuiccrfonr.

The whole face of the agreement then manifefts very
clearly a contra& made entirely on public account, without a view, on the part of either the leffor oilreffee, to the private advantage or refponfibility of Mr. Dexter.

The only circumftance which could excite a doubt Was produced by the technical operation of the feal. This, in plain reafon and common fenfe, can make no difference in defignating the perfon to be refponfible for the contra& ; and fo it has been determined in the cafe cited
from the 'i Term rep. 674, (UOzwin v. Wolfeley.)

The ceuit is unanimoufly and clearly of opinion, that this contradt was entered into entirely on ,behalf of government, by a perfon properly authoized to make it, and that its obligation ison the government only.

Whatever the claims of the plaintiff may be, it is to the government,- and not to the defendant, he muft re-
fort to have them fatisfied.

Judgment aflirmed wvith cgs.

LLOYD v. ALEXANDER ET AL.

LLOYD ,v.
AL EXANDER ET AL.

THE writ of error iWthis cafe was quafhed be- A citation muff
accompany the
writ of trror. caufc it was not accompanied by a cntation.

FEBRUARY, 1803.
HEPBURN AND DUNDAS
V.V
COLIN AULD.

1m2s
Au i, o.

THIS was an a&ion of debt brought by Hepburn and Dundas againft Colin Auld in the circuit court of the dillric of Columbia, for the penalty of an agreement dated 27 th September 1799, betwe cn the plaintiffs, merchants of Alexandria, and the defendant, as agent for John Dunlop and co. merchants in Glafgotv.
The agreement recites that whereas the plaintiffs have had extenfive dealings with Dunlop and co. in the courfe of which the former appear to have fallen in debt to the latter, by the accounts by them exhibited, fome articles ofwhich accounis having been objeded to by the plaintiffs, they had agreed with the faid agent to fubmit all matters in difpute to arbitration. And whereas the plaittiffs, by an article of agreement between them and a cer. tain William Graham, dated i 2th March 1796, did covenant with him, (for the confideration of t8ooo dollars to be by him paid to them at certain times in the faid article expreffed) to convey to him the faid Graham his heirs and affigns 6ooo acres of land on the Ohio; but the faid Graham failing to make the firft payment upon the day flipulated, the plaintiffs confidered the faid contra&q as thereby annulled, and in confequence thereof brought an eje&ment to recover polkffion of the land, which they had permitted Graham to occupy, which ejeament had been abated by his death, and another ejeament had been or was about to be commenced.
The indenture then witneffeth, that each party covenanted to furnifli their accounts to the arbitrators tb as to enable them to make their award by the ift day of January then next, being the time flipulated by the arbitration bonds. That Auld covenanted that he, or ihe agent of Dunlop and co. would, on the 2d day of January then next, accept aid take, of the plaintiffs, the amount
Sz

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Titpran ·DUDAS
q;AULD.
-

& which fhould be awarded to Dunlop and co. in b-lis e
exchange, -of a certain defcription, or in anymoney which
might by law be a legal tender; and onj]wh pa , aent being made in either way, give the plaintiffs afull receipt and
difebarge of all claims and demands of Dunlop and co. aga'inf1 them. That the plaint s covenanted, that in cafe they did not, on the 2d of January then next, pay to the defendant, 'or the then agent of Dunlop and co. the amount of the award, in bills or money, they would, on that day, affign and transfer to the defendant, or the then agent of Dunlop and co, in thefullel manner, the aforefaid contra& entered into -by them with. Graham for the fale. of the land, and all and every intereft, right and claim, of what-
-ever kind, of the plaintiffs, arifing out of and from the faid contraft;; with full power to. proceed and act thereupon and therein as the defendant or the then agent of Dunldp and.co. fhould think proper; ind that they would 'fo.r that purpofe give him a fall and ample power of attorney irrevocable to purfue in their names, if neceffary, all legal ways and means, either to recover the :poffeffion -ofthe land, or to enforce payment of .he i Booo dollars
and intereit, whichever- of the meafures he might be in-,clined .to purfue; and that in cafe they fhould fo affign
the faid contra-t, they would not thereafter in any manner interfere with the meafures he might chufe to purfue, either for,the recovery of the lands, or to enforce the pay.ment of the purchafe money. And that whenever the ejeCtment fhould be judicially determined, or fettted b.y compromife, they would convey the lands to the perfon
who by fuch determination or compromife, fhould be acknowledged, to be entitled to them. And that in cafe the faid purchafe money, which, with ifitereft to the faid 2d day of January, would amount to 21,'1 12 dollars, fhould not prove fufficient to fatisfy the award, they would on that day pay the balance to the defendant or the then agent of Dunlop and co..

And the defendant covenanted:that in cafe it thould ·iot be convenient for the plaintiffs.to pay the amount of the-award in'bills, or money, on the 2d day of January, lie would accept and take an affignment of the faid Graham's contraft, at 21,Yizdollars, towards the difcharge
of .thefaid award; andthat in cafe itjflbould exceed the amount
'f the award, he would, at the time of, making the fai&

FEBRUARY, 1803.

313

sflignment, pay them the excefs. For the faithful perfor- HEPBtrN & manee of thefe articles, the parties bound themfelves to DUNDA, each other in the penal fum of 45,000 dllars. The fum -V. of 21,112 dollars eyiceeded the amount of the award, by AULD.
the fum of C494. 6. 7. Virginia currency. For the non-payment of this exceft, the prefent adion was brought by the plaintiffs, after having tendered an aflignmer)t of
Graham's contra6 and a power of attorney, which was iefufed by the defendant. There were four iffues infaa,
but to the 5 th plea there was a general demurrer and joinder. Judgment below being in favor of the defendant upon this demurrer, the iffues -in fad were not tried, and the plaintiffs fued out the prefent writ of error.

The fifth plea was as follows, " and the faid defendant " by virtue of the a&, &c. and by leave of the court, for ". further plea, protefling that the faid deed of affignment tc of the contra& aforefaid, withthe faid William Graham, ·" f9 as aforefaid, pretended to have been executed, fealed
" and tendered by the plaintiffs on the 2d day of January "in the year i8oo, was not agood, lawful and fullicient
affignment thereof, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid articles of agreement between the
plaintiffs and defendant, hei the defendant, faith, that "the faid deed of affignment .as not tendered to him un6 conditionally, but upon the condition, that the faid John" " Dunlop and company fhouldfirf fign, feal and deliver, " by the faid Colin Auld their attorney, on the fame day,
c unto the plaintiffs, a releafe and acquittance of all the "claims and deitands of the faid John Dunlop and com-
pany, againft the faid plaintiffs ; and the faid defendant, " then and there, refufed to comply with the faid con-
" dition, and the faid plaintiffs, then and there, refufed " to'deliver the aforefaid deed of affignmnent to the faid " defendant, unlefs he complied with the condition aforeccfaid ; and this, he is ready to verify ; wherefore he prays
"judgment, whether the plaintiffs, their adion aforeflaid againft him, ought to have and maintain, &c."

Swann, for plaintiffs in error.

It will be perceived by the agreement, that the plaintiffshad' the *,ch of three modes of paying the awafd.

SUPREME COURT Xr. S.

Vr svt, DutwAs
'V.
AULn. Y

& i. y bills of exchange, 2. By cafh, and 3. By an aflign* ment of Graham's co~tra&.
It is true, that the words are,. that, the defendant will take the aflignment "' toward" the difcharge of the award. But the reafon of ufing the word "towards" is plainly, be. caufe the amount of the award not being then known, it ;emained an uncertainty, whether the 21,1 12 dollars of Graham's purchafe money would be fufficient in amount to meet and fatisfy the award. The word towards therefore was not ufed to exclude the idea that the affignment thould be a comple e difcharge of the award, in cafe the award did not exceed the purchafe money; but only to prevent Auld from being compelled to accept the affignment mfiul difeharge of the award, if the purchafe money lbould fall fhort of the fum awarded.

ift. We contend, that the affignment was a good and
fufficient affignment within,the meaning and intention of the agreement. '

zd. That the plaintiffs had a right to a releafe of alR demands upon tender of the aflignment.

3 d. That the plaintifis had a right to make fuch releafe t condition of their tender.
i ft. It is. no objeaion to the affignment that it, expreffes the confideration to be a releafe of all demands from Dunlop and co. for if the plaintiffs had a right to fuch a releafe, it was proper to fQate it as part of the confideration. .d. The preamble of the affignment ftates the defendant to be agent of Dunlop and Co. and the habendum is to the faid C6in Auld, which refers to the prernifes where he is Ityled agent; fo that it is, in fa&, as it ought to be, to Colin Auld agent of Dunlop and co. '
2d. As to the right of the plaintiffs to infift upon are-
leafe of all demands.

7R. It is due by the terms of the Contra&.

2d. If not due by the terms of the contraQ, yet it watt due of comrrwn right.

FEBRUARY, i SoS..

325

ift. It is due by the contra&.

HFrFBVRN
DUNDAO

Every contra& ought to have a reafonable conftruaion according to the intention of the parties. Such a releafe
is exprefsly agreed to be given in cafe of payment by bills or cafli. A payment by the affignment was as complete
a difcharge of the award, as payment in either of the other modes. The difcharge of the amount of the award,
and not theparticular mode of difcharge, was to be the confideration of the releafe ; and having ftipulatcd to give it in the one cafe, it ought to be prefumed to be the intention of the parties, that it fhould be given in the other, unlefs there can be fhewn fome difference in the confideration, or fome. reafon operating upon the mind of the defendant which might have induced the omiflion of an exprefs agreement to that effet. By agreeing to give it in
cafe of payment by carl or bills, he allows that the plain. tiffs have a right to fuch a releafe upo.n difcharge of the award. The fubmiffion was of all demands; a difcharge of the award then was a difeharge of all demands; an& therefore,

Aur.o.

2dly. Such a releafe was due of common right. A man has a right to demand. evidence of his. payment, and of the claims which are thereby fatisfied. It is true he may call witneffes, but they may die. If a man pay money upon a fpecialty, he has a right to written evidence of the
payment. Shep. Touch. 348-

3 d. The plaintiffs had'a right to make the releafe a! condition of the tender. All things were to be done on the fame day. They were concurrent conditions, to be performed at the fame time. If one party is ready and willing and offers to perform, and the other will not, the
firft is difcharged from the performance of his part -and"
may maintain an aftion againft the other. 4. Term Rep.
761. Goodiy/on v. Nunn. Doug. 684. :Jones v. Barkey.

Such a releafe could not operate to the injury of the defendant, or of Dunlop and co. It would not have releafed any right accruing under the agreement; as was
decided in the cafe of Thorpe v. Thorpe, lord Raymond 235. ,The cevenants of the plaintiffs refpeding the lands and idie eje6tmcnt are all future and contingent, and therefore

326

SUPREME COURT U. S.

flawBtrxN & could not have been releafed by a releafe of all demand DvNDAs. Nor was the penalty a prefent duty. It could only be in

IV.
AULD.

curred by afuture breach, and therefore is not like a bond to pa) a fmaller furn at a future day. Shep. Touch. 339, 340.

'~.'

Buller. 16o. 2. Show. 90. 'Carthage v. Manby. Efp. X. P.

307. Cro. jfac. 170. Hancock v. Field. Cro. jac. 623. Por-,

tor v Philips. Cro. Eliz. g8o. Hoe p. Marhall. S Ce,

7o. (b.) Hoe's cafe.

E. 7. Lee, contra.

The affignment, in this cafe tendered, was not good, becaufe it tated part of the confideration to be a releafe
of all demands, which the defendant was not bound to give; and if he had accepted of the affignment in that form, it would have been an acknowledgment that he waS bound to give it.

Whether Auld might with fafety have given fuch a relcafe,, is not now the queftion; he has not contraded to give it, and it is not for us to enquire why he did not.
He was 'unfkilled in the law, and he might have fuppofed that in fome way or other, it would embarrafs the claims
of Dunlop and co. againft the plaintiffs for a future performance of their covenants refpe&ing the land.

2d. The afignment is made to the ufe of Colin Auld, 'and not to the ufe of Dunlop and co. The rents and profits are to be received to his ufe, and not to that of his
onrftituents.' In the operative parts of the affignment he is ndt named as agent.

3 d. The power of attorney is infufficient, becaufe it does not givefull power to adt therein, as the defendant lhould think proper, and does not, authorize him to compromife the eje6lment.

But the principal quefcion is, whether the defendant wds bound to give a releafe of all demands.

The plaintiffs only tendered the papers, but did not deliver them, fo that the defendant could not fee whether they were corred. They were to do the firft a6t. They
wetx firft to make and deliver the affignment before they

FEBRITART, 803.

were entitled to the balance. The words of the agreement H snru &

plainly fhow this.

DUN DAS

'N

The agreement does not require him to give fuch a re- AULD.

ceipt in the cafe of payment by the affignment of Graham's

contraCt. It would certainly have been as eafy to have

covenanted to give fuch a releafe in that cafe, as in the

event of payment by bills or cafh. rhe not doing fo, in

the former cafe, and the exprefs agreement for it in the

latter cafes, creates the ftrongeft prefumption that it was

not intended by the parties to be given in the former cafe ;

and the intention of the parties conititutes the agreement.

Admitting that by common right, they were entitled td a receipt, it could only be a receipt for the affignment itfelf.

There was at leaft a doubt whether fuch a releafe as was
demanded 'vould not have difeharged the penalty annexed -to the contralt, or at leaft the covenants refpefing the land.

A releafe -of all demands is certainly a releafe of all prefent duties, and it is faid in Altham': cafe, 8. Cc. IS4. (a.) that a releafe of all demands is a releafe of'all caitjfs of demand.

As the plaintiffs have demurred to our plea, we have a right .to look into their declaration ; to which, there are two objeffions.

iIt. That it contains no profert of the award which is the foundation of their affion ; and

2d.- That it does not aver the difference between the amount of the award, and the purchafe money due upon the contra t tendered. The declaration only ftates, that .the arbitrators awarded the fum of t-4379. 9. o. ,. fterling, to, be due from the plaintiffs to Dunlop and co. and that the plaintiffs having eleted to affign Graham's contra& in difeharge of the award, tendered an affignment thereof, together with a power of attorney, according to the true intent and meaning of the agreement, in confe.quence 'whereofthe plaintiffs then and there became entitled

SUPREME COURT U. S.

-I,av3&W & to have and receive of the faid defendant, the fum of .DuNDAS [' 494. 6. 7- Virginia currency, which faid fum, the defen-

7-. AULD.

dant, although required, had not paid, whereby adion accrued to the plaintiffs to have 45,ooo dollars, the penalty

"

of the articles of agreement.

C. Lee, on the fame fide.
The p!-otfando in the plea faves all objedions to the ftdficiency of the affignment ; and we conceive the objeclions, which have been flated, are ftzbftantial.

But the principal queftion is, whether any releafe at all could be demanded. The contra& does not, in any of the cafes of payment of the award, require a re/cafe ; which is
a technical word, and means an inftrument unider feat. But we do not infift upon this diftinion, as the law is full in our favor 6pon the other points. We might fafely admit, that the defendant was bound to give a receipt for the alignment; but even that is not due under the contrad, nor of common right. However, fuch a receipt war not demanded, and therefore it is unneceffary to enquire) whether the defendant was, or was not bound to give it.

The releafe required would have difcharged the penalty of this agreement. Viner. Tit. Relcafe (P.) pl. 18.

It is not contended, that a releafe contained in an inArument will releafe demands growing out of that inftrument ; this was the cafe of Thorpeand Thorpe. Hoe's cafe does not apply to the prefent ; that was a cafe of mere pojibilityof a demand. The covenant of the plaintiffs, not to interfere with the ejedlment, was a prefent duty.

This is a cafe of confltrution only, and the only queftion is, what was the intention of the parties. If the deed of affignment was not a proper one, or the releafe demanded was fuch an one as the defendant was not bound to give, the plea is good, and the judgment mutt be affirmed.

Mafon in reply.

All the inftruments are to be taken together, 2, At . Crop v. Norton. Through the whole it appears that what

FEBRUARY,. 1803.

329

the plaintiffs are bound to do, the defendant was bound to receive. The payment by the affignment was not more for the benefit of the plaintiffs than of the defendant.
If they did not on the 2d'of January pay in bills, or caflh, they were abfolutely bound to affign Graham's contrad ; and the defendant might then refufe the bills, or
cafri, and infift on the affignment ; and a court of chancery would have compelled a fpecific affignment, if they had refufed. The difcharge of the award by the affign-
ment was the fame thing as the difcharge by bills of exchange or cafh. It would have been a complete difcharge of the award, and there is no reafon why he fhould not give a releafe as well in the one cafe as the other.

HEPBURN &
DUNDAS
IV. AULD.

It is alleged that the releafe would have difcharged
the other covenants, and the penalty of the agreement, But the" cafe cited from Viner' flews that the covenants would not have been difcharged by the releafe, nor would it have difcharged the penalty. The covenant not to interfere was not a prefent duty. The cove:nant of the plaintiffs is, that after the affignment, they would not interfere. But a releafe of all demands does not difcharge a covenant before it is broken ; until that time it is no demand. The fame obfervation applies to the penalty ; it is not a prefent duty until a breach of the covenant. A bond in the penalty.of £200, to pay iQoo at a future day, is a prefent duty. But in a bill penal, the penalty is not a duty till after the day appointed for the payment of the fmaller fum. The difference in declaring upon the two
inftruments flews their different nature. On a bond you only declare that he bound himfelf in the penalty ; and you take no notice of the condition. But on a bill penal you declare that the defendant having failed to pay the fmaller fum, an afion has accrued to recover the penal-
ty. To fupport thefe pofitions he cited Efp. N. P. 307.
Buller 66. Cro. Jac. 170. Hancock v. Field, Cro. 7ac, 3oo. Tyman v. Bridges. Cro. .7ac.623. Porter v.Philips,
i lord Raym. 662. Thorpe. v. Thorpe, and Cro. Eliz. 579,
Hoe v. Marjhall.

The plaintiffs, having oflered to perform their part of the agreement, are intitlecFt.±o thei" aaion. Efp. ., P.
Ta2

330

SUPREME COURT U- S.

XlizptuN & 284. Doug. 684. J7one, v. Barkley. 4. Zerm rep. 76r. DuNDAs Goodijon v. Nunn.

AULD.

"v'

1

As to the protelando, it is only an eftoppel, or, as lord
Coke fays, it is an excluflon of a conclufon. It does not
put in iffue the validity of the affignment. But if it did, the objeffions are not well grounded. Whether the releafe ought to have been mentioned as part of 'the confi-
deration depends upon the queftion whether the defendant was bound to give fuch. a releafe ; and the objection, that the affignment is made to Colin Auld, and not to Colin Auld as agent of Dunlop and co. is not grounded in fact: For in the preamble of the affignment he is named as agentfo" Dunlop and co. and throughout the refidue of the inftrument he is called -thefaidColin Auld, which refers back to the premifes to fhow in what capacity ht" was to take the affignment.

in the premifes a complete intereft is conveyed to Auld as attorney in fa& of Dunlop and co. and the hahendum can not, in this cafe, control the premifes. 2. B1. Com.,
298.

kebruary 28th. The Chief Juflice, after ftating the cafe, 'delivered the opinion of the court.

To entitle themfelves to the money for which this.fuit was infiituted, it is incumbent on the plaintiffs to fhew that they have performed the very a&, on the performance of which the money became payable ; or that they are excufed by the condu& of the defendant for its non-
performance. The a& itfelf has not been performed : but a tender at a refufal is equal to a performance ; and it is contended hat there has been fuch a tender and refufal in this cafe

The pleadings /how that the tender was not uncondi-
tional ; but the plaintiffs infift that the condition, annexed to the tender, was fuch as they had a right to annex to it, and on their correanefs in this opinion, depends the judgment now to be rendered.

The plea does not conteft the fufficiency of the deed of affigument and power of attorney which were tender-

FEBRUARY, 1803.

33£

rd ; and confequently no queftion concerning their fufficiency can arife in the prefent cafe.
The only caufe relied on, as doing away the operation of the tender, is that it was made on condition that a releafe of all the claims and demands of the faid Jbhn Dunlop and co. on the faid Hepburn and Dundas, fhould firl be fig.ned, fealed and delivered to them by Colin Auld.

HsPsURN &
DUNDAS 'V.
AULD.

The only queftion in the cafe is, whether Hepburn and Dundas had a right to infift on this previous condition ; and it is admitted that this queftion depends entirely on the agreement of the 2 7 th of September 1799.

That an acquittance fhould b6 figned, fealed and deli-
vered before the a& itfelf was performed, which entitled the party to fuch acquittance, is a mode of proceeding very unufual, and which certainly could only be rendered
indifpenfible by exprefs flipulation.

There is in this cafe no fuch exprefs ftipulation. If the payment had been'made in bills or money, the releafe of all the claims and demands of John Dunlop and co. againft them was to have been given, not previous thereto,
but upon receiving fuck payment. If then, as has been
argued, the deed of affignment and power of attorney are fubftituted for the payment in money or in bills, and to be made on the fame conditions on which payment, in either of thofe articles, was to have been made, yet there could exift no right to demand a delivery of the receipt
4efore the payment.

If we infpea thofe covenants which relate to the deed of affignment of Graham's contra4, we find no ftipulation refpefing a releafe of any fort The agreement is that he will receive the faid deed of affignment at 21,1 12 dollars, towards the difcharge of' the- award.' but he does
not engage to give any releafe whatever.

It is contended that upon the general principles of juf-. tice and of law, Hepburn and Dundas had a-right to the
evidence of the payment they had made without expreffly contrading for fuch. evidence ; and this is true, fo.far

332

SUPREME COURT U. S,

WEPBUitN & as to enititle them to a receipt for the deed and power deDuNDAS livered ; but neither the general principles of juftice, nor

AULD.

of law, give Hepburn and Dundas a right to infift upgn any releafe as a previous condition.

The cafe has been argued at bar, as if the condition of the tender of the deed of affigniment and power of attorney had been a releafe of all claims and demands, to be given at one and the fame time with the delivery of fich deed and power, but this is not the cafe as prefented in the pleadings. According to the plea, Hepburn and Dundas required the delivery of the releafe as a condition precedent to their livery of the deed of affignment.
This demand feems not to have been countenanced by the contra& ; and of confequence the tender was not fuch as it was incumbent on Hepburn and Dundas to have made, in order to entitle themfelves to the money for which they have brought this fuit.

Judgment affirmed with cofts.

MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY

oF ALEXANDRIA,

INSURANCE
co. or
ALEX.
'v.
You Nr..

V.
JAMES YOUNG.

.4funlofft will
not 1,. upon a t

THis was an alion brought in the circuit court,

poliy of infur-Of the diftrit of Columbia, by James Young, againft

ance under the the Marine Infurance Company of Alexandria, upon a policy corporate feal, of infurance on the brigantine Liberty at and from Anaca-

lunlefs ane

confidera ew beffa in Jamaica to a port in the United States. The de-

avetrd

e claration ifated, that " James Young complained of the

ue.w..hether "c Marine Infurance Company of Alexandria in cuflody, &c.

ac~nrpto&rgartei-g)natecan 19of a plea, for that whereas," &c. fetting forth the po-
mak(e an ,r- licy in the ufual form. " In witnefs whereof the prefident

jrafsfrumpfit, " and diretors of the faid Marine Iifurance Company of

SUPREME COURT IT. S.

iENWCK IV.
SA Rs's
A ,lts.j

upon the laws of particular ftates. This court is to be governed by.the law of the place vhere the tranfafion happened, unle'fs where the laws of the United States apply. The court in this cafe are to decide by the laws as they exift in Maryland ; and there the laws of England
refpedfing bills of exchange and promiffory notes have al,ways been the riles of decifion. We are not in Maryland to be governed by whimfical opinions dravn frofft either Pennfylvania or Virginia.. Virginia has i6t ben remarkable for her progrefs in commerce ; and were I to 'form a fy'fem of commercial law, I flbould certainly'n~t
draw it from *thefantaftical opinions adopted in either df thofe ftates.

In Englhnd, what is due notice has been and is fettled and determined to be matter of law to be decided by the
court

On the 2'gth of February, The Court gave the follo*ing judgment.

"9 It is decre ed by the court that the defendants Stricker
"c and Payfon, not havin'g obtained letters of adminifration
( in the dflriRl f Colimbia, were not competent to mainIf tain this afion ; and that the circuit court of the - United States in and for the faid di{ltri& erred in over-
ruling the demurrer. It is therefore cotifidered by the
" court, that the judgment of the faid circuit court, on " the faid demurrer, be, and the fame is hereby reverfed, " and that judgment thereon be rendered for the defend" ant in the original alion."'*

THOMPSON v. JAMESON.

THomPSON
Iv.

ERROR from the circuit court of the diftri&"of

JAMESoN. Columbia, fitting in Alexandria.

An adion of The reporter was not in court when this judgment was entered, but debt for £ 86o he has underftoad that the court did not affign the reafons' upon which. zz z, founded their opinion was grounded; and gave no opinion upon the '4thir poWiWs on a dccree in Ste Evan. ontills, 67,68, 6,, 70, W 71, as to otic.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

283

Thompfon, in the year 1795, being indebted to Had- THoMpsou

., a perfon refiding out of the juriftdi~ion of the

com ojiwealtb of Virginia, and Hadfield being indebted JMS'

to Jamefon and Brown as partners in mercha·nrdize, the chancery is not

latter obtained from the county court of Fairfax an at- ffuupapocreterdybyaan

I chment in chancery, in the nature of a foreign attach- decree for

, t ay the effeds of Hadfield in the hands of C£6o iz x

'rhompfon, under an ad of affembly Of Virginia, en- withinterftfrom

titled " An ad dire'ting the = .of proceeding in cerain day to

redc

day of render

c courts of equity againit abfent debtors, or other abfent ing the decree. c defendants, and for fettling the proceedings o9n attach- Banucte tihsefavtaarli.-

cc ments againft abfconding debtors." Revifed code, p. 122, Upon an at-

6h. 78; This a& diretls, , that if in any f.it which tachnentin ( hath been or hereafter ihall be commenced for relief in chancer-y under

t equity, in the high court of chancery, or in any other the laws of Vir-

4c

court,

againft any

ginia. the iedefendant or defendants who are out cord flated that

" of this country, and others within the fame, having ,,I" i, op,. i.c in their hands effedl of, or otherwife indebted to, fuch co.rt b.ec -

".' . afubcfehnat bdfeenfetenedsanbte onrotdeefnetnedreadn,ts,anadnd(fcthueritapgpiveeanriantcoes of rty that . f.

the h al.fent

and

gien t the. debtor) flall

c fatisfaaion of the court, for pefiorming the decrees ; Up- berjorw the de-

" on affidavit tha..t f..i.lch defendant or d·ef'endan·tifs are out creeagoafitnu?hicmo.ur"t

cc of the country, or that upon -enquiry at his, her, or ,, r' Whe cc their ufual place of abode, he, fhe, or they could not ther an atio-

-, be found, fo ag to be ferved witi procefs ; in all fuch of ,lbt will lie

4' cafes the court may make iany order, and require fure- agamnft 1.. for

, ty,

if it fhalI appear neceffary,

the amount de.
to reLftrain the defend- creed againft

cc antp in this country from paying, conveying away, or I.H.?

cc fecreting the debts by thenm owing to, or the effces in

- their hands, of fuch abfent defendant or defendants;

,, and for that purpofe may order'fuch debts to be paid, c and effets delivered, to the faid plaintiff or plaintiffs,

-. upon their giving fufficient fecurity for the retuin thereC of, to fuch perfons,, ant in fuch manner, as the court
.j' fhall diret." It further provides, that the court fhall
appoint ome day in' tie fucceeding term, for the abfent d0pendant to enter his appearance, and give fecurity for perorningtLe decree ; and jhall order ziotice to be publifh-

ed, &c. and if the abfent dbtor fliall not appear and ,give "fiJ fecurity, within the time limited, the court may proceed to take fuch proof as the complainant fliall offer; and it they fbiall thereupon be fatisfied of the juftice of the -demand, they may order the bill to be taken -as confeffed],

and make fuch order and decree therein as to therh (hajl feemjuft, and may enforce dueperformance thereof, &c.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THoMPsoN
',.
JAMESON.

In the record of that cafe in Fairfax county court, it is ftated, " that at a court continued and held for the faid C county, on the r8thday of June, in the year laft men-
tioned, came the complainants aforefaid, by their attor"ney, and thereupon Jonah Thompfon, in open court, , became fecurity that the faid Yofeph Hadfield /hall perform " the decree of this court, if againthim ; and on motion of
the faid defendant, Jofeph Hadfield, by his attorney, " the attachment is dl-"harged asto the effe&s in the hands " of the other defendants." The court, at a fubfequent
term, on the i 9 th of November, T 99, decreed, that " it C having appeared to the fatisfa&ion of the court, that
" the complainants bill hith been duly taken for confef" fed, after his appearance by attorney, and gi~ving fecu-
rity for performing the decree againft him, the' court "doth adjudge, order, and decree, that'the complainants " do recover againif the faid Jofeph Hadfield, he fum " of eight hundred and fixty pounds, twelve {hillings C and one penny, fterling, (to be fettled in Virginia cur" rency, at the rate of twenty per cent. exchange,) to"gether. with intereft on the fame, at the rate of five
" per cent. per annum, from the 8th day of March, 1795,
4 until the day of pronouncing this decree, and alfo his cols " by him expended in the profecution of his bill here."

Ijadfield having failed to perform this decree, and Brown, the partner of Jamefon, being dead,, Jamefon
brought the prefent a&ion of debt in the circuit court of the diftri& of Columbia, againf4 Thompfon, founded upon his refponfibility as fecurity for Hadfield's performing the decree. The declaration was'" of a plea that he ren" der unto him the fum of eight hundred and fixty pounds, " twelve hfillings and one penny, fterliiigi of the value " of one thotfand and thirty-two pounds,' fourteen flil" lings and fix pence, Virginia currency, equal to three
" thoufand, four hundred and forty-two dollars, and for-
" tyone cents, United States currency, which to him he "1 owes, and- from him unjuftly detains ; for this, that
" whereas," &c fetting forth the fubftance of the pro-
ceedings on the attachment in Fairfax county court, "and "whereas afterwards, lhat is to fay, at a court held for
"the faid county of Fairfax, 6n the i8th day of June,
" 1795, at the county aforefaid, the faid 7onah, in open 49 court, erame fecu, ity that the faid Jofeph would perfirm
"the decree of the faid court in .thefaidfuit, if againI him,

FEBRUARY, 1803.

a85

" In which faid fuit fuch proceedings were had, that the

" faid court of the county of Fairfax, on the i9 th day "of November, that is to fay, at the county of Alexan.

9 dria aforefaid, did adjudge, order and decree, that the "f aid Robert B. Jamefon and co. fhould recover from " the faid Jofeph, the faid fum of C. 86o 12 1, fterling, ' (to be fettled in Virginia currency, at the rate of twen-

" ty per cent. exchange,) together'ivith interdi on the fame,

" at the rate of 5 per centum per annum, from -the 8th'

" day of March, 1795, until the day of pronouncing the

"aid decree, and alfo their colts by them expended in " the profecution of the faid bill. All which by the're.

"cord 'thereof, now remaining in the office of the coun-

4 ty court of Fairfax, will more fhlly and at large appear.

,kAnd the faid Robert B. Jamefon, in fa& avers, that

" the faid Jofeph has not in any manner performed the

" decree of the faid court of Fairfax county, in the cauf¢

0 aforefaid made, in this, that he has not paid to the faid

"Jamefon and co. in the life time of the faid Brown,

"1nor to the faid jamefon, who has fuivived the faid

" Brown, the faid fum of C.86o 12 1 fterling, or-the' cc value thereof in Virginia currency, at the rate of ex-

91 change in the faid decree mentioned, with interefl there. "9on as awardedby the faid decree; which faid decree, in " form aforefaid, yet remains in full force and effe&, not

" reverfed or fatislfed; by reafon whereof, atlion accrued , to the faid Jamefon and co, to demand and have from

" the faid Jonah, thefaidfum f.. 860 12 1,flerling, of

"c the value aforefaid. And the faid Jamefon further avers,

"cthat the faid Brown, on the

day of

in

cc the year

departed this life, to wit: at the county

9 of Alexandria. aforefaid, whereby the faid caufe of ac-

"c tion furvived to the faid Jamefon. Neverithelefs, the

"faid Jonah thefaidfum of/,. 86o 12 I, flerling, of the

"9value aforefaid, or any part thereof, to the faid Jamefon

"cc and co. in the life time of the faid Brown, or to the

f aid Jamefon, fince his death, has not paid, &c. to the

"cdamage of the faid Jamefon fle hundred dollars, and

- therefore he brings fuit/' &c.

Tnompsoxl
"*
JAMESON.

There was-an office judgment at the rules in Novem-
ber, 18o , which was not fet afide at the next fucceeding court in January, 1802. At April term, 1802, the defendants counfel moved to fet afide the office judgment on

86

SUPREME COURT f. S."

TuomRtow IV.
JAMESON.

pleadiog nil drbet. The court boing divided OP the propriety of that plea to an adion founded- on the record of a court of one of the ftates, the plea was not received, ipd
a bill of excaptions was taken by the counfel for the defendant and figned by the judge who was againf th 4dmi1ion of the plea. The pleas of nut tkd record and ppyment were then filed and iffues made up, on which the
faufe went to trial. The verdi& upon the j,TVe of paypIent was in thefe words, " we of the jury find for the cplaintiff the debt in the 4eclaration m~ntioned, and one f( cent damages, to be dicharged by the payment of two " thoufand, fiye.hundred and forty four 4qllars, forty njn
'4 fents."

,And the defend;nt moved in, 4qrrfe of ji;dgwnit for the following reafons,.

4ft. Becqufe the aaion is brought for fterliqg nippey, when it Rpears by the plaintiff's own fiewing in the detlaration, that the priginal foerling debt has been changed y the decre of he county court of Fairfax, into the currept naley of Virginia.

d. 13 daufe the plaintiff, in his declaration, 4eclares foy afTerlng A*, 3nd lays his damages in current mopey.

3d. Becaufe'ihe jury have found their dimages in current MroOCq uxd have fixed the-fum in current money, at wvhich thc faid #erling debt might be difchirged.
4 th. Becaufe it doth not appear. by the plaintiff's de·claration what-was the natiure of the defendant's undertaking as fecurity, whether it wa by record, by bond, or by

5. iecaufe the vhoJe prQceedings gre irregular siond'anlerroneous.

Thefe reafons not being aeemed fufficient by the court

.below,judgment a renilered for the plaintiffu'r. 6

.,

fr.

I2.

4- 6. Virgiaia

"crrency, eqal to fhrce thoutnad, four hundred, forty Ac two dollars and.fofty one- enta.nited States currency,

FEBRUARY, Aot.

it!

".the debt in the declaration wentioned, and one cent daxfa' ges, by the jurors aforefaid, in fotm aforefaid affieffed,
and alfo his cof's by him about his fuit in thit behalf expended, and the faid defendant in mercy, &c. But
" this judgment (damages and cofts ezcepted,) is to be . difcharged by the payment of !544 dolhsand 4#
'Cents."

Tours
.
JA113os.

To reverfe this jnidgmeiit, the defendant below fued out the prefent writ of ertor.

Swannfor plaint47in e'rr..

E.. Lee, and Key for defendant.

Swann.

itf.The declaration does not hew any obligation ow Thompfvn, upon which this or any other aaion will lay.

2d. If it does, it is not fuch an one as will fupport aft "haionof debt.

.3 d. If an afion'of debt will lay, ('itlhlis acaion will not, becattfe it is brought for part of the debt only.
4th. The affion is brought for flerling money, whereas it ought to have been brought for Virginia currency.

Sth. If properly brought for fterling money, the court below ought to have rated the exchange.
ill. "The record fimply ftates, that " the faid Jonah "(Thomoion).in open court Lecamefecurity '"but does not fiate how ; whether'by bond, by parol, br by matter of record. It is only a record declration that he became .fecurity.

2d. The record fRates, that ne became fec arity that
Hadfield would perform the decree.of the court, if againfl
him ; and not that Thompfon would pay the debt, or that he undertook to pay any fum of money whatever. .Nor does it flate that'he 'became bound in any particular fum. It does not Rate thathe' undettook to pay the debt

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Ti4oMrsoN
*V. JA.M sON,

if Hadfield did not. There is nothing to fupport an a~bont of debt. It is, if any thing, a collateral undertaking; and
if .anyj adion will lay, it muff be coyenant. r0ofupport
an ad ion of debt, there muff be a dire6t obligation on the part of the defendant, moving to the plaintifF, to pay a fertainfum, or a fum which may. be rendered certain;
3 d. The declaration"is for C.£6o. 12. 1. ftering of.the value of C. 1032. 14. 6. Virginia currency, equal to ;441 dollars and 41 cents, United States currency.. 'his is not the whole debt .dueby the decree: You muff fue for the wkole debt, or if you fue for a part, you murf ftate .the jefidue to be fatisfied..

The decree of the-court of.Fairfax was rendered on the i9 th of November,'l 799, and was, that the complainants recover againft Hadfield the fum oQf.86o. 12. i.fterling, (td be fettled in Virginia currency at.the rate of 2o per" cent. exchange) togetherwith intere/J on thefame at the rate of 5 pcr.cent. per annum from the 8th of March., 1795, until the day*ofpronounczng that decree, (z 9th November,) i799, nd alfo his cois by him expended in.the'profecution of his bill. The debt was-compofed of the principal fum reduced to.Virginia currency .at .2oper cent. exchange, and interef thereon at S per.cent. per annum, calculated from Sth of March, 1795; to the i9th of November 1799, and
coffs. But the declaration is only for-the principal. It ig therefore only for' a'prt of the.debti and does not ftate the xefldu6 to be fatisfied. A. debt cannot be dividedi, and the teaton of the law is, that a mltip lcity.of aei6ns may be prevented. 3 Modern 41. Maro v. Cutler,. Cro. Jac. .498, 499, Pehberton v. Shetton.

4 th. The debt was originally "due:from Iladfield in thrifng ·money, but the debt due by the decree is a curkrnt money debt. The.decree has changed it from f.ering ta'currency.

'!is:an exprefs command that it -fh.all be.fetd.d in cur-, zit neqeyj-at ,a-certain rate. It i&no longer a.fterling *kbrt If n.affion, of debt will lay for it,'it mufthe laid ,u.az';&.bt due in Virginia currency.
St:h. Biftif it is a fterling' debt,' then- the court beow, htfitnd0r the a& ofthe Virginia a Imbly (rev d code,

FEBRUARY, i 8c,.

289

p. 1x2. ch. 77" § 6.) to have fixed the -rate of exchange. The verdid ought to have been fimply for the fterling debt and damages; but the jury have gone on and faid
that the debt fhoul be difcharged by the paymen.t of 2S44 dollars and.4 9 cents-; and the court have rendered judgment in'the fame manner, without tLxing the rate of
exchange.

Tn6 rsox I.
. - MEo0?.

6th. The declaration. ftates the decree to have been made on the ix9 th of November, but does not fay in what year. This omillion was fatal on the -plea of "nultie record.
.E. 7. Leefor defendant in error.

* ift.. The. record ftates the obligation of Thompfon. in the very words of the at of Affembly. Ii is. the highet. obligation which he could have entered into. It is an
acknowledgment on record, and is ftronger than his bond. Its meaning is evident from the intention: of the a¢-t of
Affembly ; and is fimply this, that Hadfield fhould pay. the money decreed to be due, and if he did not, that Thompfon Would pay it for him.

2d, To the obje&don that this is not fuch an obli;-

gation as will ffipport au, adion of debt, the anfwer

i§, that it is in the nature of a recognizance in chancery; and an adion of debt will lie on fuch. a recognizance,

.Egfp.

.a2x1.6.

3 d'The cafe in 3.- lod does not apply to the prefent. There the adion was upon ajudgment. Here.it is upon. the obligation or recognizance of Thompfon. We have
declared for as much as was due from Hadfieldand no more. The obligation of T.hompIon was to pay.what Hadfield fTould fail to pay. Our afitin is forihis. The
record of Fairfax court, which. is made part of the decla-
ration, fhows how-the rcfidae was difcharged.

4 th. The courtof Fairfax did ndt cc:avart the debt into Virginia curreney. They only fixed the principles on which -the exchange fhoulo be made The detteei' for .lerling to be difcharged in current money certa'tian rate
* exchange

a290

SUPREME'COURT U. S.

iHOMPSON th. It is the province of the jury and not ofthe court

IV. to lix the value of fterling money. JANAESO. 'Barnet and al. v.Watfon and al.

,.ffaJh.373. 378.

dth Although the year. of the decree'is n'ot ftated in the declaration, yet enough is ftated to render it certain.
Key was to have argued on the fame fide, but on exainination of the record of the decree in Fairfax, and comparing it with the declaration ; and finding the decree to be for -'.86. x2. i. fterling with intereft from a certain day to the dzy of.pafing the decree, and the declaration being only for the prin-pa4 he tonfidered the variance. as fatal. He had not before noticed accurately the words. of the decree, but had fuppofed the intereft did not ftop at any certain day, but was, by the decree, to run till the time of payment. Ho did not underftand that this poi it had been made in. the court below, and therefore had Tk' before examined the record with a view to it.
The court gave no ,opinion upon the other points, but,
confidering this variance as fatal,
*Revirfed thejudgmeht.
1Te thief juflice obferved, that there was no claufe ivz the declaration ftating that Thompfon undertook to pay 'if Hadfield did not, and therefore an aation of debt would not lay.

MA NDE.-
VILLE & AL.
WV. RIDDLE & AL.

'MANDEVILLEAND JAMESON
V.
JOSEPH RIDDLE AND CO.

In Virginia, an

indorfce of a

1

ipnrrofnultor oDOteioc· Columb i

from 1the circ.u.it court of the diftri&

can not main- of Columbia fitting.at Alexandria, ui an anion on. the

tain inadion cae 'brought by the defehdant in error for money had and

againfi Lreot .rtceirved, which was the only count in the declaratiopi

indorfcr, for
wat of jri;j,.and to which Ahe defendant pleaded the general iffue.

CLARK
' BAZADOMN.
v

214

SUPREME COURT U. S.

The very exiftence of the court whofe judgment is complaineA of, is derived from the United States. The laws adopted forthe North-weitern Territory derive their whole
obligatory effed from the ordinance of the old congrefs,
and are in fad, laws of the United States, although copied from ftate laws. All power and authority exercifed in that territory have emanated from the United States ; and all offences there committed are againft the authority of the United States.

If then this is a cafe by the confitution cognizable by the judicial authority of the United States; if by the conflitution, this court has appellate jurifdi&,ion in all
fuch cafes, and if this cafe is not within any exception made by the conflitution or by any ad of congrefs, so. thing is wanting but to devife a modeto bring the caufe before this court. The writ of error is the common and well known procefs in like cafes, and by the fourteenth fe&ion of the judiciary ad of 1789, every court of the United States is exprefsly authorized "to iffue writs offiirefaias,
" habeas corpus, and all other writs not fpecially provided
" for by ftatute, which may be necefaryfor the exercife o " their rcfpefive jurifditions, and agreeable to the princi-
44 pies and ufages of law." If then the court hasjurifdidion, no difficulty can occur as to a mode of exercif-
ing it.

The court quafhed the writ of error,

On the ground that the a& of congrefs had not autho-
rized an appeal or writ of error, from the general court of the North-weftern Territory, and therefore, although from the manifeft errors on the face of the record, they felt every difpolition to fupport the writ of error, they were of opinion they could not take cognizance of the cafe.

HOOE AND CO. v. GROVERMAN.

'Roo ? Co.
OROIVEVR..

ERROR from the circuit court of the difirid

GROAE.. ... .

of Columbia, in an adion of covenant by Grover4 nan, ow-ier of the brig Naricy, againft Hooe and co.

FEBRUARY, 803.

215

the freighters, for demurrage, at the port of Falmouth, in England, from the s9 th of June to the iith of 8ep-
tember, 1798, at the rateof L.6 6 o fterling perdiem.
The declaration alleged the breach of the covenant in not paying the demurrage, and the caufe went to trial in the court below, upon the iffue of covenants performed. The jury found the following fpecial verdi&, viz.

Hoop &co .
GRovEY.
MAN.

" We, of the jury, find that the defendants and plain" tiff made and executed the charter-party hereunto an-
nexed, in thefe words, to wit: " This charter-party "indented," &c. " witneffeth that the faid Groverman
hath grantel, and to freight letten to the faid R. T. "Hooe and company, the brig, whereof he is owner, , called the Nancy, commanded by James Davidfon, *a " citizen -of the United States aforefaid, now lying in " the port of 'Alexandria, of the burthen of 197 tons or " thereabouts; and for and in confideration of the cove" nants herein after mentioned, doth grant, and to freight "let unto the faid R. T. Hooe and co. the whole tonnage of " the aforefaid veffel, called the Nancy, from the port of " Alexandria in Virginia, to the port of Havre de Grace
in France, and back to the faid port of Alexandria ; "in a voyage to be mde by thefaid R. T. Hooe and co. with
" the faid brigantine, in manner after mentioned, that is. to fay ; to fail, with the firif fair wind and weather
" that flhall happen after (he is fully and completely laden, "from the faid port of Alexandria, with a cargo of to-
"bacco, to be fhipped by the laid R. T. Hooe and co. ' to the faid port of Havre de Grace ; and there deliver "faid cargo to Mefrs. Andrews and co. of that town, merchants, or to their affigns, in good order, the dan"ger of the feas only excepted. And at the faid port of " Havre de Grace to take on board a full freight or lading "of fuch goods as the faid Andrews and co. may think c proper to put on board faid brig, as a return cargo ;
"with which faia vellel is to make the beft of her way dire1ly back to the port of Alexandria, and there fafely deliver fuch cargo, the danger of the feas only ex-
"cepted, to the Laid R. T. Hooe and co. And the Laid "Groverman dot'further covenant and agree to and with "the faid R. T. Hooe and co. their executors, &c. that "the laid brig now is, and at all times during the faid

SUPREME COURT U. S.

-ooE & co.
'U. GROV R-
MAN.

" voyage fliall be, to the beft endeavours of him the faid c Grovermart, and at his own proper coft and charges, in
" all things made and kept tight, fliff, flaunch, Itrong,
"'and well apparelled, furnificd 'and well provided, as
- well with men and mariners fufficient and able to fail,
c guide and govern the faid veffel, as with all manner of " rigging, boats, tackle and apparel, furniture, provi-
c fions and appurtenances fitting and neceffary for the
" voyage aforefaid. And the faid Grovermarn doth further " covenant and agree to and with the faid R. T. Hooe " and co. that he will allow them twenty-five running - days from the date hereof for the lading on board thle " faid veffel, the aforefaid cargo of tobacco at the port of i Alexandria ; ten working days for difcharging 1716d car: " go at the port of Havre tie Grace, to be computed from -1 the day after fhe comes to her moorings at the faid port; c and twenty days more after the f'iid ten days run out,
- for lading on board the aforefaid return cargo ; alfo teni 4c working days after faid veffel arrives back and is per" mitted to an entry at the cutom -houfe at Alexandria c for receiving her inward cargo, which is to be delivered
at the wharves of faid R. T. Hooe and co.

" In confideration wl'ereof the faid R. T. Hooe and co. "doth covenant, promife and grant to and with the faid " W. Groverman, his executors &e. by thee prefents; " that they, the faid R. T. Hooe and co. or their con-
" fignee, fhall and will pay to the faid V. Groverinan, or " his affigns, at the port of Havre de Grace, the fum of " 21,ooo livres tournois, in hard money, on difcharge of
" the cargo of tobacco aforefaid ; alfo -7,200 livres, in " hard money, on fhipment of the return cargo aforefiid, " and further, that they, the faid R. T. Hooe and co. - fhall and will pay, or caufe to be paid, to him the faid " W. Groverman, or his affigns, the fum of £8. 8.' .
" current money of Virginia, day by day, and for every i day's demurrage, if any there fhould be by default of "c them the faid R. T. Hooe and co. at the port of Alex" andria. And the fum of 50 livres, in- hard money, day c by day, and for every day's demurrage, if any there ( fhould be by default of them the faid R. T. Hooe and "co. or their affignee, at the port of Havre de Grace. And t the faid R. T. Hooe and co. doth further covenant to .5' and with the faid W. Groverman, and the aforefaid

FEBRUARY, 1803.

217

e James Davidfon, commander of the brigantine afore-

" faid, that Andrews and co. their confignee aforefaid, " fhall pay to the faid captain, for his primage, five per " cent, upon the outward and inward freights at Havre " de Grace and before his departure therefrom. For the

" true and faithful performance of the covenants in this " charter party, the parties bind themfelves, each to the "other, in the penal fum of C3000, current money of

Virginia, to be recovered by the party obferving, againft

" the party failing to perform, the fame. In witnefs whereof, we have hereunto interchangeably fet our

" hands and affixed our feals, this tenth day of April,

1x798."

" W. GROVERMAI4,

Seal.

" R. T. HOOE & Co.

Seal."

HooE & co. Iv
GRoVER-
MAN.

of And the provifional articles in thefe words, to wit,
4 The following provifional articles are concluded " upon, made and agreed to by and between William c Groverman, owner of the brigantine Nancy, command-
" ed by James Davidfon, and R. T. Hooe and co. fince entering into the charter party hereto annexed.
" i. The captain, or commande- fhall be inftruCked ';by his owner, previous to his failing from tn . porz c:" " Alexandria, to touch at Falmouthin fuch manner as t6 ." appear to his crew that there was a neceffity for his fo ( doing, there to lay offand on twenty-four hours, or longer if, " defired, in day light, during which time there will come " off orders from Mr. Fox the American conful, Mr. " Thomas Wilfon, of London, or'Meffrs. Andrews and CCo. of Havre de Grace. 2. On receiving thefe orders, "the captain, or commander, muft proceed diredly for "Havre de Grace, London, Hamburg, Bremen or Rot"terdam, as he may be direded, and at on6 of thefe ports " deliver his cargo, to fuch perfon or perfons as the afore"f aid orders may dire&. 3. If the veffel arrives at any " other of the aforefaid ports than Havre de Grace, the "ctime of difeharging the-outward cargo, taking in her cc inward cargo, demurrage, if any there fhould be, her " outward and inward freight, primage &c. fhall be the " fame as if fihe had arrived at and difcharged at Havre
E2

SUPREME COURT U. S.
'flooar& co. " de Grace, 4. The outward freight fhall be confidered 'U. ,as f875 fterling; the inward freight [300 flerling,
GROVER- " primage five per cent. on the freights and the demurcA rage [6. 6. o. flerling, per dqy. And if the veffel dif-
" charges in London, the payments fflall be made in fter, ling cah ; if at any other port, in good bills of exchange
at 6o days on London, without diminution of the above fums, except fo much as the captain may be authorized " to receive for his port charges and difburfements. " S. If the v/jl is detained over 24 hours at Falmouth, demurrageflallbe paid for the time at the rateflipulated in " the charterparty. 6. Thefe articles fhall not be made " known to any perfon whatever, except the captain and " chief mate. The veffel fhall be cleared out for Havre de " Grace only, and furnifhed with a role d'cquipage, and It all other papers whatever that may be necefliary at this " cuftom houfe. No letters whatever Thall be received " on board except fuch as the faid R. T. Hooe and co.
puts into the poflcflion and care of the captain.

" 7. The charter party firft entered into, the copy of " which is hereunto annexed, fhall be in force and con-
it fidered as the only contra& between the parties for this " voyage, and go unconnected with thefe articles to Havre
"de Grace, and there and from thence govern, unlefs in ",the cafe of the veffel being from Falmouth ordered to a cc different port ; then, and in that cafe, the charter party cc Thall only be confidered as the great outline8 of the bar-
" gain between the parties, to be pofitively governed by 4,thefe articles; but the 4 th article to be in force as to it payments at any place.

cc In teftimony whereof, we have hereunto fet our

hands and affixed our feals, this i ith day of April, 1798.
9aWILLIAM GROVERMAN, (Seal.)

" R. T. HOOE & co."

(Seal.)

It We find that James Davidfon, mater of the brigan" tine Nancy, in the faid charter party and provifional ar-
- ticles mentioned, on the morning before the departure ," of faid veffel from the port of Alexandria, figned an
acknowledgment written on faid provifional articles in thefe words, to wit, " I do acknowledge that I am

FEBRUARY, i8o3.

gI9

to a& agreeably to the foregoing provirional articles, Hoor, & o. " notwithlitanding the charter party to Havre de Grace.
" JAMES DAVIDSON." GRovEz.
MAN.
" We find that the faid James Davidfon, before he " failed from Alexandria on the voyage in the Laid pro" vifional articles mentioned, was told by R. T. Hooe, " one of the defendants and freighters of laid veffel, that "on his arrival off Falmouth, a town in England, he would " receive inftru&ions from Mr. Fox, the American conful, "and that, he muff abide by fuch inftrudfions. We find " that on the twentieth of June, 1798, the faid veffel ar" rived in Falmouth roads, about three leagues from the " port of Falmouth, and the laid James Davidfon, the
mafter thereof, laid the veffel to, off Falmouth, and im"mediately proceeded in a pilot boat to Falmouth, went " on fhore and applied to the faid Fox, the American 1 conful, for orders where to proceed with the faid brig" antine and cargo. The faid Fox told the faid Davidfon " that he had not received any orders for him, and that 4(therefore he muft bring the brigantine Nancy into the
" port of Falmouth, and there remain with the faid brig" antine'and her cargo, until orders were received for him " to proceed to his port of difcharge. Upon receiving " which anfwer and orders from the faid Fox, the Laid " Davidfon, in conformity thereto, returned on board his "Laid veffel with a pilot employed by faid Fox for the ." purpofe of conducting Laid veffel into the port of Fal" mouth ; and on the fame day the Laid Davidfon brought "f aid veffel t; an anchor in the port of Falnouth afore" Laid. We find that the faid Fox informed the Laid " Davidfon, that he muff wait with faid veffel at anchor " in the port of Falmouth, until the faid Fox could pro-
" cure orders for him from Thomas Wilfon of London; " which Laid Fox and Wilfon are the fame pcrfons men" tioned and named in the aforefaid provifional articles. " We find that on the 2 ;ft. day of June 1798, the Laid " James Davidfon again went on fhore and reported his '4 faid vefTel, and delivered his papers to the colleCtor of " the cuftoms for the port of Falmouth aforefaid, which* " papers the faid colle6or refufed to return, Laying that " he fufpeLed the cargo on board faid veffel was French " propcrty, and on the fame day caufed the. Laid veffP-l to
" be feized. We find that on the 23 d day of the faid month " of June, the Laid Davidfon received orders from the faid

SUPREME COURT U. S.

11con & co. Iv. I
GRovER-
MAN.

" Thomas Wilfon, through the faid Fox, to proceed with the faid veffl and cargo to the Downs, and thence to
" London. We find that the faid veffel was detained in ' the port of Falmouth aforefaid from the faid 21 ft day of
June, 1798, until the ijth of September following,' in " confequence of the, feizure aforefaid. We find that
on the faid iith day of September the faid veffel pro'c ceded from the port of Falmouth to the Downs by the " aforefaid order of the aforefaid Thomas Wilfon. We 'v find that the faid Brigantine and cargo were the bona "fide property of American citizens alone ; we find " that by an a& of parliament of Great Britain, paffed on
" the 29 th year of George 3 d. ch. 68. S. 12, and in , force at the tirhe the faid Brigantine arrived off Fal-
mouth as aforefaid, it is ena&ed and provided in the following words, to wit ;" " And be it further enad" ed &c." " And by the 3 oth fefion of the faid a&, "it is enaded and provided in the following words to " wit," "t Providtd always," &c. " We find that the
"faid Fox urged the danger arifing under the faid ad as "a reafon why the faid veffel fliould be brought to anchor
in the port of Falmouth, there to wait for the orders "of the faid Thomas Wilfon of London, and why the "faid veffel fhould not lay off Falmouth without the li-
" mits of the faid port. We find that the faid veffel "was, on the faid 2oth of June, laden in part with
240,000 pounds of tobacco of the growth of the " United States. We find that the faid Davidfon, at " Falmouth aforefaid, made and entered a proteft in thefe " words, manner and form following, to wit, " To all
people," &c."

"We find that it was by the default of the defend-
" ants or their agents, in failing to have orders ready on " the arrival of the faid veflel off Falm6uth as aforefaid, "defignating and direding to wvhich of the ports of dif-
charge mentioned in the fecond articld of the provi" fional articles aforefaid, the faid veffel was to proceed,
and by the orders given to the faid Davidfon by the faid Mr. Fox, that the faid Davidfon did bring the " faid veffcl to anchor in the faid port of Falmouth, and " that the fid veffel and cargo were fubje&ed to the feiz, ure and detention aferefaid. If the law be for the plain"tiff we find for the plaintiff f 794. 19. 9. Virginia

FEBRUARY, 1863.

221

" currency, damages; If the jaw be for the defendants, " we find for the defendant.,.."
The court below being of opinion that the law was for the plaintiff, judgment was entered accordingly ; and the defendants fued out the prefent writ of error.

Hoo; & co.
GROvERMAN.

Swann and Simms for plaintifts in error.

C. Lee and .E. 7. Lee for defendant.

Simms. Inthis cafe it is material to afcertain whether Hooe and co. ought to be confidered as the owners of the veffel and the captain as their agent, for the voyage; or whether Qroverman is to be confidered as the owner, and the captain as his agent.

Whether the freighter or owner of a fhip, is to be confidered as the owner for the voyage, depends upon the nature of the contra6 between them. If the frefghter hires and employs the maferf, and the mafter is iubje& to his orders and diredion during the voyage,
then the frieghter is confidered as the 6wner for the voyage; but if the owner hires nd employs the captain and hands, then -he is the owner for the voyage, and liable for their mifcondu&ft. This fully appears from the cafe of Vallejo v. Wheeler. Cowp. 143.

In the preffnt cafe, Groverman was to employ and pay
the mafter ind the mariners. He covenauts that they thall perform a fpecific voyage ; that the veffel fhall fail with the firft fair wind after the is fully laden ; that the cargo fhall be delivered in good order, the danger of the feas only excepted ; that the veffel was at the time of making the charter party, and fhould continue during the voyage, at his expenfe, tight, ftaunch and well found. The captain and crew, therefore, muft have
been fubjecl to the control of Groverman during the voyage, and he was liable for their mifcondut, and if any lofs happened thereby, he, and not the freighters, was to bear it.

Indeed, it is exprefsly ftipulated that the owners lhall give inftrudions to the captain to touch at :Falmoilth,

SUPREME COURT U. 8.

HooE & co. there to lay off and on 24 hours or longer if defired, in

'v. day light, for orders from Mr. Fox, Mr. Wilfon or

GRoVJa-E
MAN.

Meffrs. Andrews and co. and that on the receipt of fuch orders, he fhould proceed to the port direaed by

V

thofe orders..

If the captain has difobeyed his inftru&ions from his owner and employer, the freighters furely can not be liable. Groverman muff look to his agent, the captain,
for redrefs. It is probable, however, that the captain did the beft he could for the intereft of all concerned;
and there is no more reafon that the owner fhould look to the freighters for indemnification for the detention of his fhip, than there is for the freighters looking to the" owrder for indemnification for the detention of their goods. If the captain deviated from his inflruffions, it was at his and his employers' rifk.

But the captain was bound by the provifional articles
to carry the veffel into Falmouth. She was there in the regular courfe of her voyage, and, by the articles, Hooe and co. had a right to detain her there upon payment of the ftipulated fum for demurrage. Being then in the tegular courfe of the voyage, the detention by a foreign power gives no right to claim demurrage, for the time fhe was in the hands of the lritifh government under the feizure. The remedy of Groverman was againft his infurers, and iot againft the freighters. If he has not infured, it was his own fault and be muff ftand his own in-
furer. Parh on itfurance, 87, 88, 89. 2 Burr. 696,. Gofi v. Withers. If the owner could recover demurrage from the freighters on the detgntion by a foreign government, that detention might continue fo long that the ftipulated demurrage might amount to twice the valtie of the fhip and cargo. He had a right to abandon to the underwriters; but the freighters can never be prefumed to have become infurers. ·Hooc and co. contra&ed to pay demurrage for fuch detention only as fhould happen through their default; but here the detention was by the Britifh government, The court below have therefore erred in giving judgment for the plaintiff on the fpecial verdid foi" the whole demurrage, from 2. ft June to xi th of Septermber, 1798. The veffel was feized before the
;expiration of the twenty-four hours, which were allowed by

FEBRUARY, i8c,3.

223

he agreement. Hooe and co. therefore, were not liable to psty any demurrage at all. Or if it fhall be confidered that Hooe and co. were liable for demurrage after the veffel had been twenty-four hours at Falmouth, until orders were received from Thomas Wilfon, they could be bound to pay only for two days, becaufe it is found that the captain received his orders to fail for London on the 23 d of June. If Hooe and co. were liable for thofe two days' demurrage. and no more, the court below ought to have awarded a venirefaciasde novo.

Hoot &co
v. Glov t-
MAN.

But if Hooe and co. had not a right to order the brig to Falmouth, yet Groverman has not a right to r cover the darhages he may have fuftained thereby, in the prefent adion, but his remedy was by a fpdcial affion on the cafe. An action of covenant can only be maintained for not doing an a& covenanted to be done, or for doing an aE cover.anted not be done. There was no covenant on the part of Hooe and co. that the veffel fhould not go. into the port of Falmouth; and if there was, yet the plaintiff in his. declaration does not aver fuch a covenant, or declare on the breach of it. The only breach affigned is the non-payment of demurrage. If the. veffel had no right to go into the port of Falmouth, then her going in is not a cafe provided for by the contraa, and confe. quently the contra& can form no rule for afcertaining the damages.

If the veffel had a right to go into Falmouth, then the
confequent feizure is not chargeable to Hooe and co. If fhe had not a right to go in, then no damages can be recovered in the prefent form of adion ; nor in any otheri becaufe the aa complained of, is Groverman's own a&, or the ad of his agent, the captain, for whofe condud Groverman himfelf is refponfibe.

It is true the jury have found that it was by the default of Hooe and co. in not having orders ready at Falmouth,
thAt the veffel was obliged togo into the port, and that the feizure and detention took place. But if this is a breach of any one of the covenants, yet it is the breach of a covenant not declared upon, nor is the breach affigned, and therefore no damages canbe given in this adion, for the breach of that covenant.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HooE & co.
"V.
GROVE,.f
N

E. J. Lee, for defendant in error.
Hooe and co. were owners for the voyage. The cap.. tain was bound to obey their orders. Fox and Wilfon
were their agents. They, by their agent, ordered the veffel into port, conttary to the terms of their agreement; the detention was the confequence of their mifcondu& and they ought to be liable for demurrage.

If a pdrfon hires a chattel, the hirer is the owner for the time for which he has hired it. CoWp. '43, Valejo v. Vheeler. In that cafe, p. 147, it is faid, that - there " feems to be great reafon for a diflinaion between a " generalfhip, and onethat is let tofright to afingle perfon " only. rhe former carries the goods of all mankind " every man that chufes it, is at liberty to load his goods ( aboard her; and the merchant who fhips his goods in " fuch a veffel, has no command over her. He does not " hire or employ the mafler ; neither is the mafter fubje&
" to his order or diredion during the voyage. But in the t cafe of a veffel let to freight to one merchant only, and by " him alone freighted, he may be fuppfed to employ the cc mafter, and have the direaion of the veffel and the voy7 9 age ; and therefore whatever is done by the captain is to be " confideted as done by the merchant'sfirvant."' The captain,
therefore, in taking the veffel into the port, when by the agreement he was only to lay of and on, a&ed as the fer-
vant of Hooe and co. and by their orders exprefsly given through their agent Mr. Fox.

But if Hooe and co. were not owners pro hac vice, yet having been the caufe of the veffel's going into port, whereby fhe was feized, they are liable.

It is faid in Molloy, 375, (257,) Book, 2, ch. 4. §.9, that " if the fhip, by reafon of any fault ari/ngfrom the "freighter, as lading aboard prohibited or unlawful comC modities, ocafions a detention, or otherwife impedes
c the fhip's voyage, he fhall anfwer the freight contra&ed " and agreed for."

It is immaterial what was the immediate. caufe of the detentionj if it happened by the fault of Hooe and co., here is a pofitive covenant to pay demurrage if the 4.ffel is detained.

FE13UARY, I 8o.

225

tut it is faid, We have not brought our affion for damages for carrying the veffel into port. It is true that we have not; and the reafon is that the parties thomfelves having by covenant fixed the rate of damages, no aaion
but covenant would lay.

HooE & Co. IV.
GR6vRk-
MAN

The furnifhing the veffel with men, furniture, &c. does not mdke Groverman the owner. The captain figned the
provifional articles by which he bound himfelf to obey the orders of Fox and others, the agents of Hooe and co. and whether the captain was the agent of Groverman or not, ftill Hooe and co. have rendered thenfelves liable by ordering him to go into the port.

C. Lee, on the fame ide.

It is of no importance who was the owner; for the detention is clearly the confequence of the default of
Hooe and co. The adion is brought for not paying demurrage according to exprefs covenant. The defence fet up Is, that the veffel was improperly carried into the port., and that the captain being the agent of Groverman, he muff abide the lofs. We admit that it was unlawful for the veffel to go into the port; this is the ground of our right. Suppofe the captain was the agent of Groverman, and Fox the agent of Hooe and co. By whofe fault or orders was the veffel carried in ? Clearly by the orders of Hooe and co. No man has a right to order my fervant ; but if he does, and by that means mifleads him, and a lofs happens, he muff be liable. Hooe gave inffru&ions to the mafter how to aa. If it was lawful for him to do fo, then he muff be confidered as the owner, and the obedience to his orders, in all its confequences, is chargeable to him.

If it was not'lawful, then his improper interference, if it miflead the mafter, is alfo chargeable to him. Unlefs
he was the owner he had no right to inftru& the captain ; it was a wrongful at. If he was the owner, there is no pretence for not paying the demurrage.

If it fhould be faid that the a& of parliament, referred, to in the fpecial verdi&, and which is generally called
F2

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Hoon & co. the. hovering aRT, juftihed the orders to carry the veflel Iv. into port, the anfwer is, that tle parties muff be fuppofed
G1-ovaKt- to have underftood that bufinefs, and agreed to tht rdk.
MAN.

?

The finding of the jury refpeffing the orlers not be.

ing ready, although it is apparently in fdvour of the de-

fendant in error, is not confidered as materially affeding

the cafe, becaufe, by the agreement, Hooe. and co. were

not bound to have the orders ready, but might keep the

veffel waiting, upon paying the ftipulated demurrage.

Swann for plaintiffs in error.

The queftions which feem to arife in this cafe are thefe,

z. Are Hooe and co. liable at all for this detention ?
2. If they are at all liable, are they liable in this form of a&ion ?
ift. The veffel had a right to go into the port of Falmouth, and was therefore in the regular courfe of her voyage.

If fo, then the feizure and detention of the veifel by
the Britifh government was n6t by the default of Hooe and co. and the cafe is not within the contra&.

Hooe and co. were not bound abfolutely to have the
orders 'ead-on the arrival of the veffel at Falmouth;, but the contra& provides for the cafe of the orders not being ready, and Hooe and co. were at liberty to detain the
veffel at Falmouth for orders, on paying a flipulated fum for demurrage. The words of the 5th provifional article are, that 4 if the veffel is detained over 24 hours at Fal9 mouth, demurrage fhall be paid at the rate ifipulated "1 in the charter party." The parties are prefumed to
know the courfe of trade in the voyage about which they were contrading Cowp. 6oS, Bond v. .Nutt. They muft have known that the veffel could not lawfully lay off and on more than 24 hours without being liable to feizure under the a& of parliament. This created a nec(ffity for the veffel's going into port. Not indeed a phy-
fical neceffity; that was not requifite to juftify it. ltwis

FEBRUARY, x~o3.

fufficient if in prudence and difcretion it was necefrary and advifable for the general benefit of all parties concerned. Cozvp. 6ot, Bondv. Nutt. Park 31o. Burnr M. In. )o3, 133. The words, ,, at Falmouth," ftrongly indicate this to have been the underftanding of theparties themrfelves; and the very action itfclf,, founded upon the contrad, for demurrage at the port of Falmouth, is a dired affirmance of the right to go into the port. If the veffel had no right to go into the port, then demurragecan not be claimed under the contra&, becaufe it is a cafe. not provided for by the contra&. If the vefel bad a right to go into the port, then Ihe was frill in the regular profecution of
her voyage at the time when'fhe was feized by the Britifh government, and confequently the detention can not be chargeable to Hooe and co. They have covenanted only againft their own defauit and their own acts. Groverman had other means of fecuring himfelf againft all other rifks. He ought to have infured ; if he has not, it is his own fault; he ftands as his own infurer, and his remedy
is by recourfe t6 the Britifl' government. Suppofe the veffel had been feized at Havre .dd Grace by the French government: Can it be 'fuppofed that Hooe and co. would have been liable? It will not be contended that they would ; and yet there is in fad no difference between the two cafes.

Hoot & ck.
'V.
GRt VEL_ MAN.

Hooe and co. can not be eonfidered as the owners,
becaufe, in the firft place, the hiring of the veffel was not general, it is of the tonnage only ; this excludes 'the
cabin and the captain's perquifites. Groverman employs the mafter and crew, and ftipulates for the good condition of the veffel during the voyage, and for the fae trans-
pirtation of the -goods, the danger of the feas only excepted; thereby clearly making himfelf refponfible for the fidelity and ood conduct of the mafter and mariners. Grovernan was therefore clearly the owner of the veffel for the voyage. He covenants to inttru&l the captain to touch at Falmouth. and wait for orders. He covenants that the captain .fhall proceed to fuch port as fhall be
mentioned in thofe orders. Now he never would have don~e all this if the captain was not fubjet to his control. If then the captain was the fervant of Groverman,
and has improperly carried the veffel into port, inftead of laying off and on, how can Hooe and co. be liable

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Hoox.& co. for the confequences. It is faid, becaufe Fox advifed of

IV dircted it; an Fox was the agent of Hooe and co.

GaovR-

M&N.

Then it amodnts to this, that Groverman, by his agent

Sthe ciptain, and Hooe and co. by their agent, Mr. Fox,

finding the veffiel to be in danger by laying off and on,
have confulted together amto the beft means of preventing lofs to all parties, and agreed that the veffel fhould go into the port. To which of the parties is this error, if
it is one, to be imputed ? Certainly to neither; it was their mutual a&, intended for their mutual benefit, and neither has a right to complain, or to make the other liable for the fubfequent, and perhaps confequent feizure
by the Britifhgovernment,

*Fox had no authority to order the veffel, except as to
which of the ports mentioned in the provifional articles, the fbould go. The direfions to the captain therefore
to come into the port, muft have been confidered by the captain only as matter of advice. He was not bound to follow it.

Suppofe I advife an a& to be done and it turns out
unfortunately, am I to be liable for the confequences ? -Suppofe even that the veffel went in purely to oblige and benefit Hooe and co. yet they would not thereby become
liable *for accidents happening without their default. If my friend in coming to ferve me, receives an injury from a third perfon, am I liable ,

If the proqifional articles d.o not provide for the; veffel's going into the port, yet Mr. Fox and the captain aCted correctly. A cafe arofe not provided for by exprefs contra6t ;.they did right therefore in mutually confulting for the common good of their, employers,, and although the refult of their deliberations may have proved unfortunate, yet neither party can:crirminate the other.
2. If flooe and co. are liable at all, it is not int'his form

of aaion.

The covenants which they are bound to perform are,

x. To pay the freight.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

2. To furnifh orders at Falmouth.
3. To pay fo much per diem for their own detentions.
Now it is admitted, that this detention was by the Britifh government, and if the, veffel was in her voyage while in the port of Falmouth, there was no default of Hooe and co. by which that detention can be chargeable to them. But if the veffel was out of her voyage, and; had been carried into port by Hooe and co. contrary to the agreement, then it is a cafe not provided for by the charter party, and therefore, demurrageas fuch cannot be claimed. In fuch a cafe the remedy would be only for the tort. Suppofe they had burnt the veffel ; no afion of covenant would lay for that wrong. The injury cornplainedof is the ordering the veffel into port.

HooE & co.
IV.
G~ovim-
MAN.

Feb. 2 3 d. The Chief Julice delivered the opinion of the court.

This is a writ of error to a judgment rendered in the
circuit court of the diftri/l. of Columbia, fitting in Alexandria on the following cafe.

A charter party was entered into between the parties
on the tenth day of April, 1798, whereby Groverman let to Hooe and co. a veffel,.of which he was owner, for a voyage to Hlavre de Grace.

The firft article ftates the indenture to witnefs, "that "the faid Groverman hath granted and to freight letten "to the faid R. T. Hooe and co. the brigantine Nancy, f' whereof he is owner, commanded by James Davidfon, a *' .citizen of the United States, now lying in the port of " Alexandria, of the burthen of 197 tons, or thereabouts ; 96 and for and in confideration of the covenants herein
q after mentioned, doth grant and to freight let unto the if laid R. T. Hooe and co. their executors and adminif" trators, the whole tonnage of the aforefaid vefl%called c the Nancy, from the port of Alexandria, in Virginia, to "1'the port of Havre de Grace, in France, and beck to the
if faid port of Alexandria, in a voyage to be made by the faid
" R. T. Hooe and co. with the faid- brigantine, in manner
herein after mentioned ; tz; at is to fay, to fail with the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Ioo" &co. IV.
GROVERMAN.
"

cc firft fair wind and weather that fhall happen after {he is ,9c1ompletely laden, from the faid port of Alexandria, with " a cargo of tobacco to be fhipped by faid R. T. Hood and " co. to the faid port of Havre de Grace, and there de-
"liver the faid cargo to Meffrs. Andrews and co. of that
" town, merchants, or to their affigns, in good order, the c danger of the feas only excepted ; and at the faid port " of Havre de Grace to take on board a full freight or " lading of fuch goods as the faid Andrews and co may " think proper to put on board faid brigantine, as a return " cargo, with which the faid veffel is to make the beft of - her way dire~ly back to the port of Alexandria, and " there fafely deliver fuch cargo to the faid R. F. Hooe it and co."

Groverman further covenants with the faid R. T. Hooe and co. that the vefill is and fhall, during the voyage, be
kept in good condition, and furnilbed with all manner of necefl'ary and proper rigging, &c. and with mariners to navigate her. He further covenants to allow twenty-five running days for lading the veffel at the port of Alexandria, thirty days for difcharging her cargo and taking on
'board the return cargo at Havre, and ten days for receiv-
ing her inward cargo at Alexandria.

In confideration of thefe covenants, R. T. Hooe and co. engage to pay the ftipulated freight, and [.8. 8. o. for
every day's demurrage, if any there fhould be by their
default at the port of Alexandria; and one hundred and fifty-one-livres by the lay for every day's demurrage, occafioned by their defau't at the port of Havre de Grace.

On the i ith day of April provifional articles were entered into between the fame parties by which it was ftipulated, that,
ift. " The captain or commander fhall be inftru6ted "by his owner, previous to his failing from Alexandria, " to touch at Falmouth in fuch manner as fhall appear " to his. crew,' that there was a neceffity for his fo doing, "there to lay off and on twenty-four, hours (or longer if - defired) in day light, during which time there will come - off orders front Mr. Fox, the American conful, Mr. "'Thomas Wil~bn of London, or Meffrs. Andrews and " co. of Iavre Ie Grace.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

231

2dly. "On receiving thefe Orders the captain or corn6-'nader mu.t proceed direaly for Havre de Grace, Lon" don, Hamburg, Bremen or Rotterdam, as he may be di, reted, and at one of thefe ports deliver his cargo, to " fuch perfon or perfons as the aforefaid orders may di*" rea."

HooE &co. IV.
GRovpft-
MAN.

The third and fourth articles apply the covenants of the charter party, refpe&ing the condu& of the veffel in the porf of Havre, to the contingency of her being ordered to fome other port; and to the freight, and ilipulate the demurrage to be 4. 6. 6. o. fterling by the day.

The fifth article is in there words.

5 th. " If the veffel is detained over twenty-four hours at Falmouth, demurrage fhall be paid for the time at the " rate ftipulated in the charter party." On the oth of June, 1798,' the veffel arrived in Falmouth roads about three leagues from the port of Falmouth, where the mafter laid he.r to and immediately went on fhore, and applied to.Mr. Fox, the American conf-ul', for orders where to proceed. Fox replied that he had received no orders for him and that therefore he muft bring the veffel into the port of Falmouth, and there remain until orders were received for him to proceed to his port of difcharge.

There orders were given to avoid the penalties of the Britiflh hovering a&,' which fubje&ed to forfeiture the vef/ci and cargo if found in the fituation in which the Nancy would have been, if fhe had waited for orders without entering the port. The captain immediately brought his vetlel into port where fhe was feized on fufpicion of being French property, and detained for nearly three months.

After the feizure, on the 23 d day of June, the captain received orders from Thomas Wilfon, through Fox, to proceed with his veffel to London, there to deliver her cargo.

This fuit is brought by Groverman to recover damages againft R. T. Hooe and co. for this detention.

The declaration flates the charter party and provifional agreement, and then affigns a breach of themnin th1fe

SUPREME COURT U. S.
HooE & co. words. "And the faid plaintiff doth aver that the faid brig 'D. " arrived off Falmouth on the t9 th day of June, 1798o
GROVEP- 49when the captain, by the orders of the aforefaid Mr. MAN. "c Fox, the agent of the faid defendants, conveyed her into " the port of Falmouth, by means whereof the faid brig
" was detained in the aforefaid portof Falmouth, more than c twenty-four hours, to wit, from the 2oth day of June laft cc aforefaid, to the i i th day of September in the year 1798, 'c when fhe failed by the orders of Andrews aud co. the " agents for the faid defendants, for the Downs." And the declaration then charges that the defendant had not paid the demurrage ftipulated in the charter party, or in the provifional articles.
Iffue was joined on the plea of conditions performed, and the jury found a fpecial verdi&, containing the fads already ftated, and further, that before the veffel failed from Alexandria the captain was told by R. T. Hooe, that on his arrival off Falmouth he would receive inftructions from Mr. Fox, the American conful, and that he muft abide by fuch inftru&ions ; and that it was by the default of the defendants or their agents in failing to have orders ready on the arrival of the faid veffel off Falmouth as aforefaid, defignating and direing to which of the ports of difcharge mentioned in the fecond article of the provifional articles aforefaid, the faid veffel was to proceed, and by the orders given to the faid Davidfon, (the mafter) by the faid Mr. Fox, that the faid Davidfon did bring the faid veffel to anchor in the faid port ofFalmouth, and that the faid veffel and cargo were fubjecded to the feizure and detention aforefaid ; if the law be for the plaintiff the jury find C.794. i9. 9. Virginia currency, damages; if the law be for the defendant, then they find for the defendants.
The circuit court was of opinion the law was for the plaintiff and rendered judgment in his favor.
To fupport this judgment the fpecial verdia ought to fhew that R. T. Hooe and co. the defendants in the circuit court, have broken fome covenant contained in the agreements between the parties and that the breaches affigned in the declaration are upon the covenant fo broken.

VMR VARY, 1905,

3)

The breach affigned is the non-payment of demurrage Lipulated to be paid, for a longer detention than twentyfour hours at Falmouth ; and it is to be enquired whether the declaration makes a cafe fhowing demurrage to be demandable, and how far the fpecial verdi&t futkains that cafe.

Hooa &cc. V.
GROVEP.
MAN.

The cafe made by the declaration is,

That on the arrival of the veffel off Falmouth the captain took her into port by ordqr of Mr. Fox, by means whereof the was detained more than twenty-four hours.

The quefltion arifing out of this cafe for the confideration of the court, is,

Does it ihew a breach of covenant on the part of R.
T. Hooe and co. which fubje~ts them to demurrage for the detention fated ?

The fifth article is fuppofed to be broken. The words of *thecovenant are, " if the veffel is detained over 24
. hour's at Falmouth, demurrage fhall be paid for thp 4c time, at the rate ftipulated in the charter-party." If
this claufe provides for every detention whatever, however it may be occafioned, the enquiry is at an end, and the judgment thould be affirmed. But on looking into the provirional articles, the general expreffions,'here ufed, will be found to be explained.

The firft of thefe articles flipulates that the captain lould touch at Falmouth, there to lay off and on for twenty-four hours (or longer if defired) in day light, during which time there will come off orders from Mr. Fox the American conful, Mr. Thomas Wilfon of London, or Jdeffrs: Andrews and co. of Havre de Grace.

Here then is a power given to R. T. Hooe and co. to
detain the veffel longer than twenty-four hours, lying off and on at the port of Falmouth, waiting for orders, and it is the only -rational conftruftion which can be given the contra& to fuppofe that the fifth article refers to tho
rftl.

SUPREME COURT U. R.

Hooa &co. A certain number of days are allowed for lading the

7. GRovylt-
MAN.

veffel in Alexandria. But more days may be required,. in which cafe demurrageis to be paid.. So with refpeft to difcharging and, relading the veffel at the port of deli-

very in Europe ; and fo. with refpe& to the return cargo in Alexandria: in each cafe demurrage is ftipulated in tm,. event of a longer detention than is agreed on.

When, then, a time is given to wait for orders at Falmouth, it is reafonable to fuppofe that the demurrage, which is. to be paid, for a longer detention than the time given, relates to a detention 6ecai'oned by waiting for orders, or fome breach of covenant by R., T. Hoot an'd co.

The declaration does not flate the veffel to have waited, lying off and on, for orders, but to have been taken into port, by the orders of Mr. Fox, when fhe was feized and detained by the officers of the Britifhgovernment-

The coven ant then was broken by taking the veffel into por :, and ii is. to be enquired who is anfwerable for this breach.
It has been argued that R. T. Hooe and 90. are anfwerable for it, becaufe,

i., Their orders for the. further prorecution of the voyage ought to have been in readinefs as itipulated.

2. The veffel was taken into port by the orders of their agent, for whofe a4s they are accountable.

3. The captain was, for the voyage, their captain ; and
the fipulation to lay off and on, therefore, being broken by him, was broken by them.

. To the firft argument, founded on the non-reception of orders, the obfervation already made may be repeated. The declaration does not attribute the detention to that caufe, but to a compliance with the orders of Fox 'in taking the veffel into port.

If, however, the charge in the declaration had been that orders were not ready on the arrival of the veffel,

FEBRUARY, 18o3.

.23

That charge would have been anfwered by the contra&l itfelf, which allows a delay of twenty-four hours for the reception of orders, without paying demurrage, and a
longer time; if required, on paying therefor at the rate
f LT. 6. 6. o. fterling, by the .day.

Hoop & coz IV.
GROVER.
MAN.

The failure then to have the orders, for the further deftnation of the veffel, in readinefs on the arrival of the captain, or even within the twenty-four hours after his arrival, was no breach of contra& on the part of R. T. Hooe and co. fince it was an event contemplated and provided for by the parties ; and the quefion whether in the atual cafe which has happened, that is of a delay longer than twenty-four hours in giving the orders, but of a feizure before that time elapfed, R. T. Hooe and co. are refponfible for demurrage accruing between the termination of the twenty-four hours and the receipt of the orders, cannot be made in this cafe, becaufe there is no allegation in the declaration which puts that faat in iffue.
The court will proceed then to confider whether,
2dly. R T. Hooe and co. are made accountable for the veffel's being taken into port; fince that meafure was adopted in purfuance of the iniruaions of their agent, Mr. Fox.
ahe finding of the jury goes far to prove that the:de. fendants in the court below have made themfelves re. fponfible for the condu& of Fox. They find that R. T. Hooe informed the captait before be failed from Alexandria, that on his arrival off Falmouth, he would receive orders from Mr. Fox, and that he muff abide by fuch inftru~ions. This finding creates fome difficulty in the cafe. But this communication from Mr. Hooe to the captain ought to be taken, it is conceived, in connection with the provifional articles. Thofe articles explain the nature of the orders to be received, and by which the ,captain, was dire&ed to abide. In them it is exprefsly 1hipulated that on receiving thefe inft'u6lions, the captain Thould proceed direffly for Havre de Grace, London, Hamburg, Bremen, or Rotterdam, as he fhould be direcled. The orders then which he was to receive and obey, mult be fuppofed compatible with this agreement.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

14oat & co. ¢,.
Gov-
MAN.
_.

This conitruffion is the more reafonable, becaufe, annexed to the provifional articles, is an acknowledgment on the part of the captain, that he was to a& conformably to them. He ought not to have underftood declarations of the .kind ftated in the verdi&, as dire&ing a depar-
ture from a written agreement entered into by the owner and freighters of the veffel, and to which he had bound himfelf to conform.

This article feems too to explain the power delegated
by Hooe and co- to Fox; and to fhow that he wastheir agent for the p, ,ofe of direaing the further deflination o the veffel, but for no other purpofe.

If this be the corre& mode of underRanding this part of the verdi&, and it is believed to be fo, then the parti. cular condu& of Hooe and co. did not authorize the captain to obey the orders of the American conful in taking
the veffel into port; nor are they refponfible for the confequences of that meafure unlefs they could be confidered as refponfible for a violation of the covenant by the a& of the captain.

If thefe fats are to be differently underftood, and the
communication made by Hooe to the captain is to be underftood as authorizing him to obey any'order -given by
Fox, though that order thould be direffly repugnant to. the provifional articles, ftill the liability of Hooe and co, in this fit, will depend on the queftion, whether the covenant to lay off and on at the port of Falmouth, was a covenant on the part of the owner, or of the freighters, of
the veffel. This depen'ds fo much on the queftion whe, ther Groverman or R. T. Hooe and co. were owners of the veffel for the voyage, that it will more properly be
confidered with that point,

3. Was the captain under the dire&ion of Groverman or oe and co. for the voyage?

This is to be determined by the whole charter party, and the proviflional articles taken together.

It has bee-obferved at the bar, and the obfervation has "C0nfiderahle weiithbat Groverman lets the ternagt of

FEBRUARY, 1803.

the veffel, and not the whole veffel, to the freighters. Hoop & co.

The expreffion of the charter party, it will be perceived,

q7.

varies in tbh. part defcriptive of the agreement, from what GRovmt. is ufed in the part conftituting the written agreement. MA N.

1 he indenture witneffes, ,that the faid Groverman bath "-* 6 granted, and to freight letten, to the faid R. T. Hooe

""and co. Mke brigantine Nancy, whereof he is owner,"

&c. but immediately proceeds to fay, " and for and in

" confideration of the covenants herein after mentioned, " doth grant and to freight let to the faid R. T. Hooe " and co. the whole tonnage of the aforefaid veel, from the

" port of Alexandria, in Virginia, to the port of Havre cde Grace, in France," &c. As the latter are the ope-

rative words which really conftitute the contr&, it is

conceived that they ought to prevail in conftruing that tontra&t. Groverman, then, has only let to Hooe and

.o.the tonnage of the veffel, and therefore is the lefs to be confidered as having relinquifhed ownerfhip of her

during the voyage. There are other circumftances which

ferve to (how that the direation of the veffel, during the

voyage, was intended to remain with Groverman. The

cargo is to be deliered to Meffrs. Andrews and co. of

Havre de Grace, in good order, the danger of the fear, only excepted. This is, an undertaking on the part of

Groverman, which he certainly would.not have made if he had relinquiihed the direSion of the voyage to Hooe

and co. If the veffel, pro hac vice, had bern their veffel, rGroverman would not have contrated for the delivery of the cargo; and for the delivery to a fpecified perfon."

If the freighters had owned and commanded the veffel they might* have -delivered the cargo in Havre, to' any
other perfon, or have difcharged at a port ifort of Havre, without injury to Groverman. . So the cargo taken on board at Havre-is to be fuch as Andrews and co. may think proper ; whicb return cargo is to be delivered to Jlooe and co. in Alexandria. Thefe ftipulations all indi-
cate that the voyage was to be performed under the orders of Groverman, becaufe the ats Itipulated are to be done by him, and the covenants are his covenants.

This is further evidenced by the fubfequent languaga of the charter party. [he fucceeding fentence begins
with the words, " And the faid Groverman dothfmther

SUPREME COURT U. S.

'HooE &co. 'v.
GRovER.
MA..
''be

'covenant to and with the faid R. T. Hooe and co." &c. fhowing that the preceding covenants were all on the part of Groverman. [his further covenant is not only for the prefent condition of the veffel, but that he (hall
kept well apparelled and well manned by the faid Groverman during the voyage. The captain, then, was Groverman's captain, the mariners were Groverman's mariners ; and this furni/hes an additional reafon for fuppofing the captain -and mariners to be under his direffion.-

Alter fome further covenants on the part of Groverman the charter party proceeds thus, " In confideration "' whereof the faid R. T. Hooe and co. do covenant, &c. " to and with the faid W. Groverman, &c. that-thiy " will well and truly pay the freight ftipulated therein."
Thus the whole language of the charter party goes to prove that the covenants refpeffing the voyage are on the part of Groverman, and on that account, as well as on the account of his letting only the tonnage of the vefel, and furnifhing the captain and mariners, &c. he is to be confidered as the owner of the veffel for the voyage, under the charter party. This opinion is ftrengthened rather 'than weakened by the provifional articles.

The firft article ftipulates that particular inftru&ions
refpe&ing the voyage fhall be given to the' captain, by Groverman, before its commencement. The words are, " The captain or commander (hall be inftruaed by his
c, owner, previous to his failing from the port of Alex" andria, to touch at Falmouth," " there to lay off and cc on twenty-four heurs (or longer if defired) in day light,"
&c. Thefe orders, then, to the captain were to be. given by Groverman, and it was by his. authority that the captain was to a& on that occafion. This explains the doubt as to the perfon who was tobe confidered as covenanting that the veffel hould lay off and on, for twentyfour hours, at the port of Falmouth, and tends to (how
who was rfpon1fible for the breach of that covenant. This too is in addition to covenants in the charter party which arc plainly Groverman's, and is therefore the more
to be confidered as a covenant on his part. The a& was to be performed by his. authority, and the covenant was his
covenant.

F EBRUARY, 1803.

On a confideration, then, of the whole contra& be- Hoot & Co.

tween the parties, the court is of opinion that Groverman IV.

remained the owner of the veffel during the voyage, and GRovlR.

is anfwerable for any mifcondua of the captain.

MAN.

The covenant to lay off and on at the port of Falmouth, being the covenant of Groverman, the freighters are not qnfwerable in this a&ion, for the breach of it, fhould
the orders of Fox be underftood as their orders. It is probable that the courfe taken by the captain was the moft prudent courfe ; but were it otherwife, the orders of
Fox might excufe the owner from any aaion brought'by the freighters for lofs fuftained by them in cbnfequence of going into Falmouth, but could not entitle him in this
a&ion againft the freighters.

It is then the opinion of this court, that on this fpecial verdi&, the law is for the defendants.

Judgment reverfed, and the circuit court to enter judgment for the defendants.

GABRIEL WOOD, ORIGINAL DEFENDANT,
V).
WILLIAM OWINGS AND JOB SMITH,.
ASSIGNEES OF
WILLIAM ROBB, A BANKRUPT, ORIGINAL PLAINTFPr,

ERROR from the fourth circuit court fitting at Baltimore.
This was an aaion on the cafe, for money had and received by Wood to the ufe of Robb, the bankrupt.
Judgment below was entered by confent, fubje& to the opinion of the court on a caf¢ fating the foblowing'faft,
vtiz.

Woot IV.
OWINGS.
'-v-- 1 A deed of lands
in Maryland, figned, fealed, and delivered
on th: 3 oth of May, and ,-

FEBRUARY, 1803.

BAILEY E. CLARK,
V.
ROBERT YOUNQ, AND CO.

__.

_

_

CLARK
YOUNG, & Co.

ERROR from the circuit court of the diftri& of Columbia, fitting in the county of Alexandria.
This was an adion on the cafe for goods fold and delivered by Young and co. to Clark. The declaration had three counts ;one for the price of the goods i one on a quantum valebant; and one for money had and received.

In Virginia it i.
not abfolutely neceffary, in all maaSk,ertooffoaeptrhoe.'
miffory note, to entitle the hold-
er to a6 ion
againfl. tihien-

The caufe came on to be tried in the court below, on the general iffue, at April term x8o2.
The faas, on the trial, appeared to be, that on the 9 th of September, 1794, Young and co. fold to Clark 400 bufhels of falt, at 4/3 per bufhel, amounting to 283 do.llars and 33 cents. At the time of the fale and delivery of the falt, Clark affigned to Young and co. a negociable promiffory note, made by one Mark Edgar to Pickersgill and co. i'nd by them indorfed to Clark, dated SeptemSber Sth, 1794, for 289 dollars, payable 6o days after date,

dorler
If a promiffory
note of a third perfon be indorfed by the purchafer of
goods to the sender, as a c onditional pay-
ment forthe
goods ; Quere, Whether the avneyndcearfei,s,obilniged tofue the

at the bank of Alexandria. That Young and co. infti- m-aker of the tuted a fuit in Fairfax county court, in Virginia, againif n e before
he can refort to
Clark, on his indorfement of this note; upon the trial tle purchafer
of which caufe, Clark, by his counfel, " prayed the opi- of the goods. "t nion of the court, whether the plaintiffs could maintain oconnthrae&o:roifgifnaillet , their a&ion againft him, previous to their having com- A fuit againft!
" menced a fuit and obtained judgment againf the draw- the defendantas
" er, or maker of the note ; and until his infolvency indorfer of the tfhould appear ;" " and the court gave it as th·e.ir opi- ngoatein, itanthdeadfue-it nion that they ould not; and direaed the jry ac-gfenant forthe

" cordingly." Whereupon, a verdia was fouid for the defendant. It alfo appeared that at the time the note was indorfed by Clark to Young and co. as well as at the time when it became payable, Mark Edgar, the drawer of the note, was in bad circumflances, and was fuppofed and reputed to be infolvent. And that about the middle or laft of December, 1794, he left Alexandria, and had never returned to it.

goods fold, are upon diftind
and different and the firft
eannotbeplead-
ed in bar of the fecond t isnot ne-
cear, uor the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

CLAX F
IV.
YOUNG,

The record which came up to this court contained three bills of exceptions:

& Co.

i. The firft contained a demurrer, on the part of the

Sdefendant
plaintiff t0 offertorcturnthnote, to ntitle
him tu bring
fuitfor the
good. fold.

below, to the evidence, which the circuit court refufed to compel the plaintiffs to join. This exception was abandoned by the counfel for the plaintiff in error.
2. The fecond bill of exceptions was in thefe words, 1 memorandum, in the trial of this caufe, the defendant

'r gave in evidence to the jury, that the plaintiffs had incftituted a fuit againift him, in the county court of Fair-
" fax, upon the indorfement of the promiffory note of 4' Mark Edgar, herein before mentioned ; the proceed" ings in which faid fuit are in thefe words, to wit :" (here was inferted the record of Fairfax county court) " Whereupon, the counfel for the defendant prayd the - court to inftrud the jury, that if, from the evidence , iven in this caufe, they fhould be of opinion, that
" the promiffory note aforefaid, was indorfed by the defendant to the plaintiffs, in c-onfcquence of the goods, wares, and merchandife, fQld as aforefaid, (although the faid'indorfemnent was not intended as an abfolute
" payment for the faid goods, wares and merchandife, or receivd as fuch by the plaintiffs, but merely as a
" conditionalI payment thereof)' yet the receipt of the ." faid note, under fuch circuinflances, and the inftitu.
" tion of the aforefaid fuit by the plaintiffs againft the " defendant upon his in.dorfement aforefaid, made the ".note fo far a payment to faid plaintiffs, for the faid
goods, wAres and merchandif-s, as to preclude them
" from fuftainii.g any action againft the faid defendant " for the goods, wares and merchandife, until they had ta- ken fuch meafures againit the faid Mark Edgar, as were "required by the laws of Virginia; and that the plain. "tiffs, having inftituted the faid fuit upon the faid note
againrft the defendant, and that having been decided I ag..inft the faid plaintiffs, were barred from fuftaiing
- this action againft the faid defendant. But the court " refufed to give the inftruffion as prayed, and inrfrutted
,, the jury that if they fhould be of opinion, from the evidence, that the fait was fold and delivered by the
plaintiffs to the defendant, and the note was ind .,rfed " by the defendant to-the plaintiffs in confequence of the 4'"falt 161d, although the faid indorfement was not in-

FEBRUARY, 1803.

" tended as an abfolute payment, and received as fuch "by the plaintiffs, but merely as a conditional payment " thereof, then the fame is a difcharge for the falt fold, c unlefs it is proved that due diligence has been ufed by
" the plaintiffs to receive the money due on the note;
" but the bringing a fuit againft Mark Edgar, is not abfo" lutely a neceffary part of faid diligence ; but the want of "fuch fuit may be accounted for by the infolvency of the "f aid Edgar, if proved ; or by the conduCt of the de" fendant himfelf preventing fuch fuit ; to which refufal " and dire&ion of the court, the defendant by his coun" fel prays leave to except," &c.

CLARK
IV.
YoUNcG, C

3. The third bill of exceptions ftated, that "the de-
" fendant by his counfel then prayed the opinion of the " court and their diredion to the jury. that the defend" ant was entitled to a credit for the amount of the faid Ccnote, unlefs the plaintiffs could fhew that they had in4tftituted a fuit thereon againft Edgar ; or'tht Edgar had c taken the oath of an infolvent debtor, or had ahfcond.
" ed, at the time the note became payable ; or unltfs the c plaintiffs could fhew that they bad offered to returnand " re-affign the faid note to the faid defendant previous to.
" the inflitution of this fuit. But the court having bec fore, in the trial of the. faid caufe, on application by " the defendant to inftrud the jury in the manner fet " forth in his fecond bill of exceptions, given direCtions " to the jury, comprchettding all the material points conc tained it, the abov, prayer, refufed to give the inftnic"tion as prayed, to which reftifal the defendant by his c counici prayed leave to except,' &c.

Vcrdid and judgment for the plaintiffs, for the full amount of the falt fold ; on which judgment the defendant broug-t a writ of error to this court.

Swann and Mafon for plaintiff in error.

C. Lee and E. .. Lee for defendants.

Swann.

If a note is indorfed to the vender at the time of the fale of goods, although it is not agreed to be an abfo-

C LA Pr
IV.
YOUNG, & Co.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
lute payment, yet it is a conditional payment, viz. if the note be paid, or if it be indorfed over by the vender, or if heis guilty of laches; S Term Rep. 513. Keamflake v. Morgan. In that cafe the plea (which was adjudged good
on demurrer) ftated that the note of one W. Peirce was indorfed by ,Morgan to Kearflake, "for and on account" of the goods ford, and that Keurflake " then and there accepted and received the note for and on account" of the fum due for the goods.
The defendants in error, if they have been guilty of laches, have made the note their own, and mufl fuffer the lofs. 2 Wi/Jon 353. Charmberin v. Delarive.
The queftion then arifes, what was due diligence in this cafe. As the law flarids in Virginia, Young and co. ought to have fued Mark Edgar, the maker of the note. Such is the opinion of Judge Roane, in the cafe of Mackie v. Davis, 2 Wa/. 230, which is confirmed by the judgment of the court of appeals in the cafe of Lee v. Love, in i. Call's Reports, 497.
But it is unneceffary to refort to the general law in Virginia on this point, becaufe the court of Fairfax county has decided the law in this cafe, and while that judgment ftands unreverfed it is conclufive. The plaintiffs have made their eledion of two modes of proceeding to recover the money-having failed in one, they are barred as to the other. The fame evidence is neceffary to fupport both, and this is the teft to prove that they are for the fame caufe. 3 Wifon 304. Kitchen v. Campbell.
That court has decided that Clarke was not liable on his indorfement of the note, becaufe Young and co. had not brought fuit againft Edgar; or, in other words, they have decided that Young and co. have not ufed due diligence, and therefore have i nade the note their own; and if fo, the original contra& for the falt is at ap end. Yet the court below have decided this very queftion differently. They have faid that a fuit againft Edgar, was not a neceffary part of due diligence. The fame queftion, between the fame parties, has been differently decided by the two courts.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

185

iafon, on the fame fide.

The court below was concluded by the decifion of the eounty, court of Fairfax. Nenmo his vexari debet. The plaintiffs below had two modes of recovering their money from Clark, viz. by a fuit for the falt fold, or by an affion againft Clark on his indorfement of the note. They made their election of the latter, and it has been decided againif them. This ought to end the bufinefs. 3 Wi/fn 304. Kitchen v. Campbell.
E. J..Lee, contra.

The queftion feems to turn on the fecond bill of exceptions. It appears by thal, that the note was not given as an abfolute, but a conditional payment. It is unrea-
fonable to fuppofe tat the condition was that Young and co. fliould be obliged to profectite a fuit againft Edgar through all the courts of Virginia.

The prayer was to inftrua the jury that a fuit muft be proved to have been profecuted againil Edgar, and his in-. folvency made to appear.

The judgment of the county court of Fairfax is no bar. It'was not even a bar to a fecond fuit by Young and co. againff Clark on the fame note. 'For the opinion of that court was not generally that the fuit would not lie againft Clark on hig indorfemeut, but that it would not lie againft him previous to a fuit againft Edgar, and his infolvency,
being made to appear. Therefore, after proving Edgar infolvent by a fuit, Young and co. might have brought a fecond fuit againft Clark and recovered, for any thing that appears by. the opinion of that court.

If then Young and co. might have had a fecond a~ion upon the note, they may well bring a fuit upon their ori-, ginal caufe of aaion. The opinion of the Fairfax court was only that the plaintiffs had brought their aaion toe foon.

It is faid this is the fame caufe of aaion which has been decided in the county court of Fairfax, and that the judoment in that court is a bar to this a&ion.

CLA I-
'V.
YOUNG
& Co.

CLARK
V. Young
&C .

SUPREME COURT U. S.
In order to prove this, it is neceffary to fhew, not only that the fame evidence applies to both, but the former judgment muft have been upon the fame point. And that point muft be on the merits. 5 Bac. ab. new edition, p,
442.
In the cafe of Kearlake v. Morgan, cited from 5 Term Rp. it did not appear what had become of the note ; it might hlave been paid. Befides that was a cafe under the flatute of Anne, which makes promiffory notes a payment.-
The cafe of Chamberlyn v. Delarive, in 2 ilfon 3S3, was decided on he grofs negligence of the plaintiff in holding the order four months without making a demand of the money, until the drawee failed.
The refufal of the court below to give the inftru&ion prayed, and the diredion which they did give.to the jury, are both juilified by the decifions of the court of appeals of Virginia. That court has never decided, that a fuit againft the maker of the note is, in all cafes, neceffary before refort can be had to the indorfer. It is- true that in the cafe of Alackie v. Davis, Judge Roane faid,'that " the affignee of a bond acquires a legal right to bring " fuit upon it, and to receive the money difcharged from 4 any control of the affignor over the fubjed ;" and that " it is, therefore, his duty to bring fuit." But that -was only an obiter opinion, not applicable to the point of the caufe. It is certainly not a felf-evident truth, nor is it very apparent how the conclufion flows from the premifes; and judge Carrington, in his opinion, in the fame cafe p. 231, fays " As to the lengths which it be" h6ves the afignee to go in purfuit of the obligor, before "9 he can refort to the affignor, it is unnecefjary to lay down 4 any generalrule; it may fuffice to fay, that in the pred, fent cafe he went far enough." In that cafe, indeed, a fuit had been brought; but the courts of Virginia have never laid down any general rule as to what is due diligence in fuch a cafe. In the cafe of Lee v. Love, in Call'sreports, and Minnis v. Pollard, Call 226. it feems rather to be inferred that a fuit is not in all cafes neceffary In the cfe of .ackie v. Davis, the court decided that the remedy of the affignee of a bond againfi the affignor, was by the common law ; and it is clear from

FEBRUARY, xcI.

187

the cafe of Lambert v. Oake,, in i Lord Raymond 443, that, by the common law, the indorfee of a note had his remedy againft the indorfer, if the money .was not paid
by the maker of the note on demand.

If, therefore, a fuit againft the maker of a note is not, in all cafes, neceffary'to charge the indorfer, the court below were right, both in refufing the inftrufion as prayed, and giving the opinion which they did.

C. Lee, on the fame fide.

i. The point arifing from the firit bill of exceptions is, that the court might well iefufe to compel the plaintiffs below to join in demurrer to the evidence. This point being now agreed, I fhall confider,

2. Whether the court did right in refutfing the inftruction t6 the jury, as prayed in the fecond bill of exceptions,

It is not neceffary to enquire whether the inftru&ion which they did give was right, but whether they were
bound to give that which was afked.

If the note was not received at the time, as abfolute payment for the falt, Young and co. had a right of adion for the price of the falt, upon demand and refufal of payment of the note by Edgar. The liability of the indorfer to the indorfee of a note is at common law, and not by the cuftom of merchants, or the ftatute of Anne. And by the common law, nothing more was ne-
ceffary to fix that liability than a demand upon. the maker of the note and his refufal to pay. Upon this, and this
only, the right of aftion accrued againft the indorfer.

It is true that Young and co. had two remedies. They might either fue Clark upon his indorfement, or upon the original contrat for the falt. Having failed in the former, they are not precluded from reforting to the latter.
Their elecion of the firit is not a waiver of the laft.

The affion in Fairfax county, on the note, was no bar to the aCtion in the diftriC& of Columbia, upon the account. The note was no payment of the account, nor

CLARt
'.
YOUNG
& Co.

CLAR '
Io. YoUNG
& co.

SUPREME COURT U. 8.
was the former adion for the fame caufe as the prefent. The caufes of adtion, and the evidence neceffary to fupport them, were entirely different. The declaration in Fairfax county contained three counts. ift. A fpecial
count on Clark's indorfenent of the note, 2d. For money lent. 3d For money had and received.
In the prefent adion the declaration has alfo three counts.--.tL for the price'of the falt fold ; 2d. a quantun valcbat ; 3 d. money had and received.
The fame evidence will not fupport both actions. The indorfement of Clark is the evidence neceffary in one. The delivery of the falt is the evidence to fupport the other.
In the cafe of Kitchlin v. Campbell, 2 BI. Rep. 827, 831, The court faid, " The principal confideration is, wheit ther it be preciely the fame caufe of acion in both, ap- pearing by proper averments, in a plea ; or by proper - faas flated in a fpecial verdid, or a fpecial cafe. One " great criterion of this identity is, that the fame evidence (" will fuflain both the adions ;" and cited Putt and Royon, 2. Shower, 21 i. Raym. 472. 3. Mod. i. Pollexfen 634, Mortimer and Wingate, Moor 463. Bro. a~ion on the cafe 97, 1o 5 .- And not only muft it require the fame evidence to fupport both, but in both the que/tion muft be the fame.-2 BI. Rep. Kitchin v. Campbell, p. 832- fp. Rep. 13o, Ruf v. Webb. This was an action for a fervant's wages, againift his rafter, who had given him a draft for the full amount of his wages, on a third perfon, which was not ftanped. And although the plea flated that he accepted it in abfolute payment, yet it was held to be no bar.
The cafe of Keamflake v. Morgan depends on the flatute of Anne, which declares that a note given for a debt due by account, flall be a fatisfa&ion, unlefs the plaintiff ufes due diligence. No fuch flatute exifts in Virgimia.
In the cafe of Chanleryn v Delarive, there was no demand at all upon the drawee of the bill. Neither of thofe cafes therefore were like the prefent.

FEBRUARY, 18o.
Swann, contra.
If a note is agreedto be taken in payment ab folutely, it is a fatisfa&ion ; but where there is no fuch agreement, the law implies a condition that the holder fhaU ufe due diligence. The county court of Fairfax has decided that Young and co. have not ufed due diligence. That decifion is valid and conclufive all over the world, until reverfed by a competent authotity. How then does this cafe ftand ? Young and co. fold falt to Clark, and received a note, as a conditional payment, or a collateral fecurity, no matter which; which note they have made their own by their own laches. The maker of the note 'has become infolvent and run away. Who ought to bear the loft ? The law fays clearly, the perfon who his been negligent, who has .not complied with the requifites of the law.
It is immaterial whether the judgment in Fairfax, is an abfolute or a temporary bar ; "for if it is a temporary bar only, yet Young and co. have not done what that court ,decided to be neceffary.
Mafon, on the fame fide.
A judgment on the fame queftion between the fame parties is conclufive until reverfed. What is the fame queftion ? It is the real merits, the matter of right between the parties.
The fame evidence is not the criterion. Trefpafs ap& trover require different evidence; yet if the merits of the fame queftion are the gift of both, the one is a bar to the other. Here the queftion was the fame as in Fairfax, viz. Whether Young and co. had not been guilty, of laches in refpe& to the note, for if they had, they had barred themfelves not only from a right to recover upon the note, but upon the original contra& for the falt. One and the fame queftion will decide both cafes. That queftion is upon the merits, and is in h& the only queftion in difpute between the parties.
It is not important whether the note was rece'ved -as an abfolute or a conditional payment. For if it was a

CL,415
IV.
Youva & co.

CLAit
IV.
YOUKG
& co.

SUPREME COURT U. 9.
conditional payment, the laches of Young and co. have made it abfolute. There is no evidence of notice to Clark, of the ddault of Edgar, until the bringingof the fuit in Fairfax county, which was t8 months after the note became payable. Having two remedies for the price of the falt, Young and co. could not refort to both. They made their ele&ion to fue upon the note, and having purfued that remedy to judgment againft themfelves, they are forever barred.
The county court of Fairfax have decided the only queftion which exifted between the parties, the negligence of the plaintiffs below, whereby they had made the note their own; and therefore they muft abide the lofs.
Feb, i 7th. The chief j]ice delivered the opinion of the court.
This was a fuit brought by the defendants in error againft the plaintiffs, inthe circuit court of the diftri& of Columbia fitting in the county of Alexandria, and the declaration contains two counts for goods, wares and merchandizes fold-and delivered, and one for money had and received to their ufe. The caufe came on to be tried on the general iffue and a verdi&l was found for the plaintiffs below, on which the court rendered judgment.
At the trial of the caufe it appeared that the fuit was brought for a quantity of falt fold and delivered by Robert Young and co. to Clark ; after which Clark indorfed to Robert Young and co. a promiffory note made by Mark Edgar to John Pickerfgill and co. which had been indorfed by them to the faid Clark, and which was payable 6o days after date.
This note was protefted for non-payment; after which a fuitwas brought thereon by Robert Young and co. in the county court of Fairfax againft Clark ; and the declaration contained two counts, one on the indorfement, and the other for money had and received to the ufe of the plaintiffs. In this fuit verdift and judgment was given for the defendant Clark, the court of Fairfax being of opinion tliat' a fuit qould not be maintained againft the indorfer

FEBRUARY, Bo3.,

of the note, until a judgment had been firft obtained againft the drawer, and his infolven-i made to .ppear.
Afte- the determinati5n of that a&ion, this fuit was inftituted on the original contra& ; and, at the trial, the counfel for the defendant moved the court to inftru& the jury, that if from the evidence given in the caufe, they thould be of opinion that the promiffory note aforefaid was indorfed by the defendant to the plaintiffs, in
confequence of thegoods, wares.ahd merchandizes fold as aforefaid, although the faid indorfement was not intended as an'abfolute payment for the faid goods, wares and merchandizes, or received as fuch by the plaintiffs, but merely as a conditional payment thereof, yet the receipt of the faid note under fuch circumftances, and the inftitution of the aforefaid fuit by the faid plaintiffs againft the faid defendant, on his indorfement aforefaid, made the faid note, fo far a payment to the faid plaintiffs, for the faid goods, wares and merchandizes, as to preclude them from fuftaining any affion againft the faid defendant for the faid goods, wares and merchandizes, until they had taken fuch meafures again ft the faid Mark Edgar, as were required by the' laws of Virginia; and that the plaintiffs, having initituted the fuit aforefaid upon the faid note againft the faid defendant, and that having been decided againft the faid plaintiffs, they were barred from fuftain. ing this aaion againft the faid defendant.

CLA.K IV.
Yout'? & Co.
'

This inftruaion the court refufed bo give, but dire&ed the jury, that if they were of opinion, from the evidence, that the falt was fold and delivered as alleged,-'and that the
promiffory note aforefaid was indorfed by the defendant to the plaintiffs in confequence of the falt fold as aforef-id, although the faid indorfement was not intended as an abfolute payment for the faid falt or received as fuch by the plaintiffs, but merely as a conditional payment thereof, the fame is a difcharge to the defendant for the falt fld to him, unlefs it is proved that due diligence has been
ufed to receive the money due on the note ; but that the bringing fuit on the faid note againit Mark Edgar was not effentially neceffary to conftitute the faid diligence ; and that the faid diligence may be proved by other ciecumftances, and their omitting to bring the faid fuit again(I Edgar may be accounted for by the infolvency of Edgar,

CLARY
-V.
YoUNG
& Co.

SUP.REME COURT U. S.
if proved, or any condua of the defendant which may have prevented the bringing of the faid fuit.
To this opinion the counfel for the defendant excepted, and then prayed the court to dire&t the, jury that the defendant was entitled to a credit for the amount of the faid note, unlefs the plaintiffs could fhew that they had inftituted a fuit thereon againft Edgar, or that Edgar had taken the oath of infolvency, or abfconded at the time th aote became payable, or unlefs the plaintifl could fh1hw that they had offered to return and re-affign the faid note to the faid defendant, previous to the inftitution of this fuit.
This direffion the court refufed to give, and referred the jury to their opinion already given on the principal points now Qated and to which an exception had already been taken. This opinion was alfo excepted to. A verdi&t and judgment was then rendered for the plaintiff without giving credit for Edgar's note, which judgment is now brought into this court by writ of error.
On thefe exceptions it has been argued that the court 1has erred, becaufe,
ilf. The condu&t of the plaintiffs, Young and co. has difabled them from maintaining this affion, and fuch ought to have been the dire&tfon to the jury.
2ly. The verdi&t and judgment in Fairfax court is a bar to this ation.
The condu6t of the plaintiffs was entirely before the jury, to be judged of by them from the evidence, excepting only that part of it refpe&ing which the court gave an opinion. We are therefore only to enquire whether the opinion given by the court be erroneous.
It is agreed on both ides that the note in this cafe was not received, as payment of the debt, and confequently did not extinguifh the original contra&t. It was received as a conditional payment only, and the opinion 'of the court was, that in fuch a cafe the want of due diligence to receive the money due thereon would difcharge the defendant. But the court proceeded to Rtate that due

FEBRUARY, 1803.

diligence might be proved although no fuit was inftituted; and that circumftances, fuch as the known infolvency of Edgar, the drawer of the note, or ary condu& of Clark, preventing a fuit, would excufe Young and co. for not
having inftituted one.

CLAPLZ
IV.
YOUNG, & CO.

This opinion of the court feems perfe&ly corre&. The
condition annexed to the receipt of the note can not be prefumed to have required that a fuit fhould be )rought
againft a known infolvent, or that it fhould be brought againft the will of the indorfer; if he chofe to difpenfe with it, or took means to prevent it, nothing can be more unreafonable than that he ihould be at liberty to avail himfelf of a circumftance occafioned by his own condut.

It is riot intended to fay that the perfon receiving fuch
a note is compellable, without fpecial agreement, to fie upon it in any ftate of things. It is not defigned to fay that he may riot, on its being protefted, return it to the indorfer, and refort to his original caufe of aaion ; it is only defigned to fay, that under the circumftances of this cafe, nothing can be more clear than that there was no obligation to fue.

The court gave no opinion that the fuit in Fairfax was, or was not, a bar to that brought in the county of Alex-
andria.

It is however clear that no fuch bar was created.

To wave the queftion, whether in fuch a cafe as this,
with declarations for fuch diftin&t caufes, a verdi& in a prior fuit may be given in evidence as a bar to another fuit really for the fame caufe of a6tion: it is perfeffly clear that in this cafe the fame queftion was not tried in both
caufes.

In Fairfax the point decided was, that the 'uit againft the indorfer would not lie 'till a fuit had been brought againft the drawer; in the fuit in Alexandria the point to be decided was whether the plaintiffs had loft their remnedy on the original contra&, by their condu&t refpecting the note. Thefe were diftin&t points, and the merits of
B 2

194

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GtAILK
YOUNG,
& Co. '- - '

the latter cafe, were not involved in the decifion of the former,
On the fecond bill of exceptions, the only real new point made, is, whether, the aion is maintainable unlefs Robert Young and co. had offered to return and reafiign the note before the inflitution of the fuit.

Unqueftionably 'Clark is entitled to the benefit of the note, but as it was no extinguifhment of the original caufe of a&ion, there was no abfolute neceffity to prove an offer of the note before the inftitution of the fuit. Indeed it does not appear, in this bill of, exceptions, whe-
ther the note wa6 merely a collateral fecurity, or a conditional payment. This is'no where ftated pofitively. In the firft opinion of the court it is ftated hypothetically, and that opihion muft be confidered on the prefumptiort that fuch was the faft. But no fuch prefumption is raifed refpe&fing the fecond bill.

Judgrneht affirmed with cofiu.

WILSON

WILSON
'V.
LENOX AND MAITLAND.

LENOX& AL.

A declaration

ERROR to the circuit court of the diftriCt 6f

itnhedelabiwt, oufnder Columbia fitting at Alexandria, in a judgment obtained

tirginia, upon by the prefent defendants in error, againft the plaintiff in

a protefted bill error, n.an a~tion of debt, as indorfer of a bill of ex-

ot f exchangpe.3f0o0rchange fol-

fterling, drawn on the 2d January-,

teepnctipal, 1o9, at Alexandria, by A. and W. Ranmay, on Find-

mages and c ley, Bannatyne and co. London, at ninety days fight, payptft/,mull able to Wilfon, the plaintiff in error, and by him in-
a'o'eftrhtohfee acmoiul t dorfed to the defendants. This biil waas ppreeetfdented foor acc-.

of proteft. ceptance on the 28th of February, x799, and refufed,

,Quee, whether and on the iftof June, 1799, protefted for non-payment.

!i*fbthilel ofhoelxd-er of T49 htehedefucmlaraotion was "of a plea.that he render unto them

an f

f 4.3oo fcerling, with damages, intereft and

rJagearnoticeftteot '4 chharges oof proteft, oonf a protefted bill of exchange, which

FEBRUARY, i80.3.

309

proceed upon the faid bond. This is true, if there be no fatutable provifion to diredl and authorize fuch proceeding. Congrefs have conflitutional authority to eftablifh from time to time fuch inferior tribunals as they may think proper; and to transfer a caufe from one fuch tribunal to another. In this laft particular, there are no
words in the conftitution to prohibit or reftrain the exercife of legiflative power.

STUAPtR
IV.
LAIRD.

The prefent is a cafe of this kind. It is nothing more than the removal of the fuit brought by Stuart againft Laird from the court of the fourth circuit to th," court of
the fifth circuit, which is authorized to proceed upon and
carry it into full effed. This is apparent from the ninth fedion of the a& entitled, " an adt to amend the judicial
99 fyftem of the United States," paffed the 29 th of April, 1802. The forthcoming bond is an appendage to the
caufe, or rather a component part of the proceedings.

2d. Another reafon for reverfal is, that the judges of the fupreme court have no right to fit as circuit judges,
not being appointed as fuch, or in other words, that they ought to have diftin& commiffions for that purpofe. To this objeffion, which is of recent date, it is fuflicient to obferve, that pratice and acquiefcence under it for a period of feveral years, commencing with the organization of the judicial fyftem, affords an irrefiftable anfwer, and has indeed fixed the conftruaion. It is a contemporary interpretation of the moft forcible nature. This praftical expofition is too ftrong and obftinate to be fhaken or con-
trolled. Of courfe, the queftion is at reft, and ought not
now to be difturbed.

Judgment ajrmed,

THOMAS HAMILTON
V/.
JAMES RUSSELL.
____HAM
ERROR from the circuit court of the of Columbia fitting at Alexandria.

diftri t

I LT D, r0.
RuSSE'L L.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

IIAMILTON James Ruffel, the defendant, having obtained a judg-

To.

ment againft Robert Hamilton, brother of the defendant,

RUSSLL. ordered the marfhall to levy thefierifacas upon fundry

'v " goods and chattels in the poffeffilon of Robert, the debtAn abfolute bill or; which was done accordingly ; whereupon the presfraledul nt ; ent plaintiff, Thomas Hamilton, brought an a&ion of tref-

to creditors, un- pafs againift Ruffel, claiming the goods by virtue of art left p#r..... abfolute bill of fale from his brother Robert, dated the 4 th companies and of January i8oo, and acknowledged and recorded in the
follows the deted. .
The want of circuit court of the diftri& of Columbia for the county poft-fion is not of Alexandria, on the x4th of April, ,8ot. Notwithmerely evidence, ftanding which bill of fale, Robert, the vendor, continued of fraud, but I in pofl.ffion, and exercifed aits of ownerfhip over the

fer fe, which
makes the tranfaaion
fraudulent in
Point of la o.
The court are not bound to
give an opinion on an abftradl
point of law, unlefs it be fo fitlsatceodnansetoxifohnew with the caufe,

property. There was a general verdi&t in the court below, and judgment for the defendant, upon the general iffue.
The tranfcript of the record contained two bills of ex-
ceptions.
The firif ftated that the defendant "cprayed the court 9( to inftrud the jury, that if they ihould be of opinion cc from the evidence that the plaintiff, who claims the " flave George, in the declaration mentioned, under an

" abfolute bill of fale, for a valuable confideration," (which bill of fale, recorded before the iffuing of thefierifacias
upon which the property was feized, is fet forth in the bill of exceptions,) ' permitted the vendor, Robert Ham-
" ilton, to continue in poffeffion of the flave and to exer"cife affs of ownerfhip 'over the fame, he the faid plain-
" tiff has not a good title to the faid flave againft the exeig' cution of the defendant, who was a bonafide creditor of ." Robert Hamilton ;" which 5 xecution the defendant dire'ted to be ferved "on the faid flave. And the court
fo inftrudcd the jury," to which the plaintiff excepted.

The fecond bill of exceptions ftated that the plaintiff 'prayed the court to inftru&t the jury, " that a plaintiff in " trefpafs, whofe property is loaned to a friend, and is in
" that friend's pgfftfion at the time it is feized by a : ffheriff in virtue of an execution againift the perfon fo " in poffeffion, can fuftain an aftion of trefpafs for a "feizure upon fuch poffefion ;" but the court being di"vided in opinion did nal give the inftrudion as prayed,

FEBRUARY, 1803.

31

&wann,forplaintifn error, contended that,

I-IAMIL 'oN

ift. The bill of 'fale being acknowledged and recorded
according to the a& of affembly of Virginia refpe&ing frauds and perjuries, (revjfed code., p. 18,) is valid, and not fraudulent as to creditors.

RussELL.

That a&k of affembly contains provifions fimilar to thofe in the Englifh' fatuLes of 29 Car. 2, c. 3, § 4. 13 Eliz. c. 5, § 2, and 27 Eliz. c. 4, § 2, and has moreover a claufe in the following words, viz.

" If a conveyance be of goods and chattels, and be " not on confideration deemed valuable in law, it thall be " taken to be fraudulent within this a&, unlefi the fame " be by will duly proved and recorded, or by deed in " writing acknowledged and proved (if the fame deed in" elude lands alfo,) in fuch manner as conveyances of " land are by law dire&ed to be acknowledged or proved, " or if it be of goods and chattels only, then acknow" ledged, or proved by two witneffes in the general court,
"or court of the county, wherein one of the parties'lives, " within eight months after the execution thereof, or un, c lefs poffeffion fhall really and bondfide remain with the
" donee."

9,This act fhall not extend to any eftate or intereft in
any lands, goods or chattels, or any rents, common or "profit, out of the fame, which fhall be upon good con"fideration, and bondfide, lawfully conveyed or affured " to any perfon or perfons, bodies politic or corporate." Under this a&, he contended the deed would be good againft creditors, notwithftanding that the poffefion did not accompany the deed. And although the deed was not acknowledged within eight months after its execution, yet being acknowledged and recorded before the fierifa-
eias iffued upon which the goods were feized, it was good againft that execution ; and for this he cited the cafe of
Eppes v. Randolph, 2 CRll's reports.

2d. The court ought to have inftru&ed the jury, as prayed in the fecond bill of exceptions.

The law is well eftablifhed that he who has the general property of goods 'may maintain trefpafs againft him who

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HAMILTON tortioufly takes them out of the poffelfion of the owner's IV. bailee. f Bac. ab. Gwillim's Ed. 164.
RUSSELL.

*Simms,

for defendant in error.

As to the firft bill of exceptions. This deed is clearly fraudulent as to creditors. In the cafe of Lavender v. Black/lone, 2 Levinz 147, lord Hale faid that " very con" veyance fhall be efteemed primafacie fraudulent againft
a purchafer." And in Edwards and Hat ben, 2 Term rep. 594, it is faid by Buller, juftice, to have been the unanimous opinion of all the judges in England, " that unlefs
" poffeffion accompanies andfollows the deed, it is fraudu"t lent and void." If the poffeffion be inconfiftent with the deed, it is clear and conclufive evidence of fraud, Hafelinton v. Gill, cited in Jarman v. Woolloton, 3 Term rep. 620. Cadogan v. Kennet, Cowup. 434.
The ad of affembly of Virginia has fimilar provifions with the flatutes of 13th and 27 th Eliz. and nearly in the fame words. Thofe provifions however, were nothing more than a declaration of the principles of the common law.

But this a& of affembly, by making deeds abfolutely
void which are not for a valuable confideration, unlefs ac-
knowledged, cannot be conftrued to make good, as againft creditors, a deed purporting to be for a valuable confideration. The ac makes the deeds therein mentioned, which are not for valuable confideration, abfolutely void even between the parties themfelves ; and it cannot be pretended that the acknowledgment according to that a& would fet up fuch a deed againft bonafide creditors. The ad was intended to fupprefs, and not promote or conceal fraud. If fuch a conftrudion could be put upon the ad
as is contended for, it would make valid deeds which would before have been void as being fraudulent againft creditors. But the a& takes no notice at all of fuch a deed as this, except in the fecond fedion of the law, where deeds made with the intent to defraud creditors are
exprefsly declared to be void. So anxious is the a": to fupprefs fraud that in the cfe of a loan, if the lender does not demand the property lent in five years, and follow up that demand with a profecution at law to recover pof.

FEBRUARY, 18o3.

31n

fieffion of his goods, the poffeffion becomes conclufive evidence of property.
2d. As to the fecond bill of exceptions, the court did right in not giving the inftrua'ion as prayed.

HAMILTON
W. RU SSELL.

Poffeffion is neceffary to fupport an a&ion of trefpafs. Bul. N. P. 79- This ought to have been an adtion on the cafe and not trefpafs. i Strange, 635, Reynoldi v. Clarke. 4 Term rep. 489, tard v. Macauley.

C. Lee, on the fame fide.

The cafe of Ward and Macauley has over-ruled all the cafes cited from Bacon's abridgment, and has been re. cognifed in the cafe of Gordon v. Harper, 7 Term rep. 9, where the dolrine has been carried even farther, and held that neither trefpafs nor trover would lie unlefs the poffeffion, or right of poffifion, was in the plaintiff. In that cafe the goods of the landlord had been leafed to the tenant, and during the leafe were taken in execution for the debt of a third perfon. The court held that during the leafe the landlord had neither the poffeffion nor the
right of poffeffion, and therefore he could maintain neither trefpafs nor trover. Now in the cafe made by the fecond bill of exceptions, it is not ftated whether the loan was for a time certain, or at the will of the lender.

If the loan was for a time certain, there is no difference
between that cafe and a leafe for a time certain. In neither cafe is the poffeffion, or the right of pofeffion in the plaintiff. The bailee by loan for a time certain, has an
equal right to the pok ffion, during that time, with a bailec for hire; and either may maintain trefpafs againft him who violates that poffeffion, whether it be a itranger or the owner.

Chafe, jfiice.

There is here no exception applicable to this cafe. The bill of exceptions flates only an abftra6t queftion. It is not whether the plaintiff in this cafe can maintain an action of trefpafs, but whether any plaintiff can maintain treepafs for property loaned to a friend.
R .

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HAM'UILTON
RUsSE.L. Y

Svann, in reply,
Relied on the af of affembly of Virginia. The Englifk
cafes do not apply; for in England they have no fuch ftatute authorizing the recording of deeds of perfonal propetty ; nor any fubifitute for the aftual delivery of poffellion of goods in any cafe whatever.

Even a mortgage of perfonal property is there deemed fraudulent as to creditors unlefs poffeflion accompanies the deed ; and. the reafon given, in all the books, is, that it gives a falfe credit to the mortgager, enables him to impofe upon the world, and gives him a power to de-
ceive and defraud thofe who deal with him. Wilfon 26o, 'Ryall v. Rolle. But when fuch a deed is publicly made and expofed to view upon the public records, as this was, fuch reafon mift fail ; and with the reafon, the law mul fail alfo.

As to the fecond bill of exceptions,

There is certainly a difference between a loan and a leafe. In a loan the lender does not part with the right of poffeffion, nor, in law, does he part with the a~tual
poffeflion ; for the bailee's poffeffion, is the poffeffion of the lender, who has a right to refume the thing into his own hands at any moment. There is no adverfe poffeffion, nor adverfe claim, as there is in the cafe of a leafe.

Fraud or no fraud, is a point to be decided by the jury and not by the court. It is a queflion of faa; and the
court have inftruded the jury as if it were a matter of law. The pofeffion of the vendor is not in itfelf a fraud, but only a circumftance from which, connefted with others, the jury may prefume the faa of a fraudulent intent.

February 28th. The Chiefiuflice delivered the opi. nion of the court.

On the 4 th January, I 8oo, Robert Hamilton made to Thomas Hamilton an abfolute bill of fale for a flave in the bill mentioned, which on the 14 th of April, i8or, was acknowledged and recorded in the court of the coun-
ty in which he refided. The flave continued in poffeffion

FEBRUARY, 1803.

315

of the vendor; and fome fhort time after the bill of fale *wasrecorded, an execution on ajudgment obtained againif the vendor was levied on the flave, and on fome other
perfonal property alfo in poffeffion of the vendor. In July, x8ox, Thomas Hamilton, the vendee, brought trefpafs againft the defendant Ruffell, by Vrhofe execution, and by whofe direaion, the property had been feized ; and at the trial, the counfel for the defendant moved the court to inftru& the jury, that if the flave, George, remained in the poffeffion ef the vendor, by the confent and permifion of the vendee ; and if by fuch confent and permifion the vendor continued to exercife a&s of ownerfhip over him, the vendee under fuch circumftances could not proted fuch flave from the execution of the defend-
ant.

HAMILTONs
q.
RUSSELL.

The court gave the inftru&ion required, to which a bill of exceptions was taken.

The counfel for the plaintiff then moved the court to inftrua the jury that a plaintiff in trefpafs, whofe property is loaned to a friend, and is in that friend's poffctffion at the time it is feized by a fheriff in virtue of an execution againft the perfon fo in poffeffion, can fuftain an a&ion of trefpafs for a feizure upon fuch poffeffion.

The court, being divided, refufed to give the initruction required, and the jixry found a verdia for the defendant. Judgment was accordingly rendered for the defendant, 'to which a writ of error has been fued out, and the queftion is, whe her the court below has erred
in the inffru&ions given or refufed.

In the opinion towhich the firif bill of exceptions was taken, it is contended on two grounds that the circui court
has erred.

ift. Becaufe this fale is, under the a& of the Virginia affembly againft fraudulent fales, prote&ed by being recorded.

2dly. That if it be not prote&ed by that a&, ftill it is only evidence of fraud, and not in itfelf a fraud.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

IHAMILIoGN

'v. RussiULL.

-'

- 'a

On examining the ad of affembly alluded to, the court is of opinion that it does not comprehend abfolute bills of fale among thofe where the title may be feparatcd from
the poffeffion, and yet the conveyance be a valid one, if recorded within eight months. On this point one judge doubted, but he is of opinion that this bill of fale was not recorded within t' e time required by the ad, and that the decifion in the cafe of Eppes v. Randolph, which was made by the court of appeals of Virginia, on a different ad of affembly, would not apply to this ad.

On the fecond point there was more difficulty. The a& of affembly, which governs the cafe, appears, as far as refpedas fraudillent conveyances, to be'intended to be
co-extenfive with the a6ds of the 13 th and 27 th of Eliz. and thofe a6s are confidered as only declaratory of the principles of the common law. The decifions of the Englifl judges therefore apply to this cafe.

In fome cafes a fale of a chattel, unaccompanied by the delivery of poffeffion, appears to have been confidered as an evidence, or a badge, of fraud, to be fubmitted to the jul y, under the diredion of the court, and not as conftituting in itfelf, in point of law, an adual fraud which rendered the tranfadtion as to creditors entirely void. Modern decifions have taken this queftion up upon principle, and have determined, that an unconditional fale, where the poffeffion does not ' accompany and fol-
low the deed," is, with refped to creditors, on the found conftrudion of the ftatute of Elizabeth, a fraud, and fhould be fo determined by t~e court. The diflin6ion thZy have taken is between a deed purporting on the face
'of it to be abfolute, fo that the feparation of the poffeffion from the title is incompatible with the deed itfelf, and a deed made upon condition which does not entitle the vendor to the immediate poffeffion. The cafe of
Edwards v. Harbin, exr. ?f 2mpefl Mercer, 2 Term rep. 587, turns on this diftin'tiop, and is a very firong cafe.

William Tempeft Mercer, on the 27th of March, 1786, offered to the defendant Harbin, a bill of fale of fundry chattels as a fecurity for a debt due by Mercer to Harbin. This Harbin refufed to take, unlefs je fhould be permitted, at the expiration of fourteen days, if the debt fhould

FEBRUARY, 18o3.

remain unpaid, to take poffeffion of the goods and fell .hem, in fatisfaaion of the debt. The furplus money to
be returned to Mercer. To this Mercer agreed, and a
bill of fale, purporting on the face of it to be abfolute, was executed, and a corkfcrew delivered in the name of .the whole. Mercer died within the fourteen days, and immediately after their expiration Harbin took poffeilion of the goods fpecified in the bill of fale and fold them. A fuit was then brought againft him by Edwards, who was alfo a creditor of Mercer, charging Harbin as executor in his own wrong, and the queftion was, whether this bill of fale was fraudulent and void, as being on its face abfolute, and being unaccompanied by the delivery of poffeflion. It was determined to be fraudulent ; and in that cafe it is faid that all the judges of England had been confulted on a motion for a new trial in the cafe of Banford v. Baron, and were unanimoufly :of opinion that 44 unlefs poffeffion accompanies and follows the deed, it is fraudule t and void ;" that is, that unlefs the poffeffion remain with the perfon, fhown by the deed to be entitled to it, fuch deed is void as to creditors within the ftatutes. This principle is faid by judge Buller, to have been long fettled and never to have been ferioufly queftioned. He ftates it to have been eftablifhed by lord Coke, in 2d Bulflrode, fo far as to declare that an abfolute conveyance or gift of a leafe for years, unattended with poffeflion, was fraudulent., cBut if the deed or conveyance be conditi" onal, there the vendor's continuing in poffeflion does " not avoid it, becaufe by the terms of the conveyance ' the vendee is not to have the poffeffion tilf he has per" formed the condition." " And that cafei continues "judge Buller, makes the diftinft ion between deeds or ·" bills of fale which are to take place immediately, and " thofe which are to take place at fome future time. For
in the latter cafe, the poffeffion continuing with the " vendor till fuch future time, or till that condition be "performed, is confiftent with the deed, and fuch pof"feffion comes within the rule as acconpanying and fol.
lowing the deed. That cafe has been univerfally followed by all the cafes fince." "c'This," continues the jtqdge, "has been argued by the defendant's counfel as being a cafe in which the want of poffeffion is only evic dence of fraud, and that it was not fuch a circumfiance ",perfe, as makes the tranfaaion fraudulent in point of

HAMILTON
q,.
RuSSELL.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HAMILTON "9law; that is the point which we have confidered, and

10.

" we are all of opinion, that if there is nothing but the

RUssELL. " abfolute conveyance, without the poiTeffion, that in point

,"-of law is fraudulent."

This court is of the fame opinion. We think that the intent of the ftatute is beft promoted 6y that conftru~tion; and that fraudulent conveyances, which are made to fe-
cure to a debtor a beneficial intereft while his property is proteded from creditors, will be moft effectually pre-
vented by declaring that, an abfolute bill of fale is itfelf a fraud, unlefs poffcffion "tccompaniesandfollows the deed." This conftruion too comports with the words of the a&. Such a deed muft be confidered as made with an intent " to delay, hinder, or defraud creditors,"

On the fecond bill of exceptions the court did right in refufing to give the inftru&ion required. The queftion propounded feems to have been an abftra& queftion not belonging to the caufe.

Judgment afirmed with cofls.

UNITED STATES

V0.

1. STATES

R. T. HOOE AND OTHERS.

R. T. Hoot
& AL.

'nder the

THIS was a writ of error to a decree of the cir-

judiciary a&1 of cuit court of the diftrit of Columbia, fitting as a ouart

1789, in chan-
cery cafes, a of Chaticery.

(atement of
rad mut ac- The cafe was,that colonel Fitzgerald in the year x794was

company the
tranfeript. This appointed

colletor of

the

cufloms

for

the

port

of Alex

provifion was andria, and gave bond to the United States in the penalty

revived by the of i O,OOO dollars, with R. T. Hooe as his furety, for the

roefpeFaelborufathrye a& faithful performance of the duties of the office. In con-

uar.

fequence of mifapplication of large fums of money by the

chief clerk, who was enttufted with almoft the whole

YiEBRUARY, i8c'3.

.ofcongrefs as making fuch a fine recoverable for the ufc ,of the United States ; and yet, this would be the confe.quence of'conflruing it to extend to fines and penalties accruing by law, not to government, but to individuals.

U. STATIS
eV.
SiMms.

If a penalty recoverable by any individual, by affion of debt, was to be confidered as defigned to be embraced
by the fecond fedion of the fupplemental af, frilanl a"ion of debt in the name of the United States and of the informer, would feem to be the remedy given b.y ,the acd.

The principle, reddenda Jingulafinguls, would ne applicable ; and it would feem to the court more proper .to fuppofe the qui tam adtion, given in thiscafe, to be the remedy, than an indilment.

The court therefore is of opinion that there is no error in the judgment, and that it be affirmed.*

FENWICK v. SEARS'S ADMINISTRATORS.

·ENWIcK
IV. 'SEARS'S ADMI NRS.

ERROR ,from.the judgment of the circuit court An adminiftra-'

of the diftrida of Columbia, fitting at Wafhington, in tor, havinghad

an adfion on the cafe on a foreign bill of exchange, by lieiraion in

the adminiflrators of the indorfee againft .tle indorfer. Maryland be,fore the fepara-

The' cafe, as it appears in the pleadings and bills of trin of the dif-

tridt of Colum-

exceptions, was as follows:

bia from the

original ftates,
Francis Lewis Taney, at Paris, in France, drew the cthanatnfeopta,'raafttieorn,

following bill of exchange.: " Paris, 5 th'Auguft, r797t maintain an ac9 Sixty days after fightof this my fecond of exchange, tionin thatpart
".(firft and third not paid) pay to the order of Mr. Jo- of the diftrid

ceded by Ma-

,

~. .t.ryland, by vii-

The defendant' s counfel pray·ed that the affirmance might be- t-tueya Of thboyfev-

cofts. It was fuggefted by fome of the gentlemen of the bar, that the.lettr of adqueftion of giving coils againfl the United States would be fully argued miniftration " in the cafe of the United States v Hoe, at this term. The court there- hoeuicttamuatttt;ake fore pu.poned the fubjed till that argument ihould. be had That caufe out new letter
however went off upon another ground without any argament on thc within the .di
queflion of coils And the court did not give any diredlions refPe&ing tri&.'

the cofls in the prefent cafe.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Frmwycr
n,.
OFARS's
AOMINRS. V

-feph Fenwick the fum of three hundred and fifty dol. 9 lars, for value received in account, which charge as " advifed by your moft obedient'fervt Fras. Leqo. Taney." "6 To Nleffis. Ben. Stoddert and John Mafon, George.
" town, Maryland,"

Querc, whether

the a6ts ofa no-
tary pubi c who This bill was indorfed by Fenwick to George Sears, of ce ,fishimfelf Baltimore, and on the 3 oth of March, 1798, it was pre.. to be tI.cloryn- fented for acceptance, refufed, and protefted in the

niff.laned and
worn, arc va- ufual form for non-acceptance, bySamuel Hanfon of Sa. lid, ifhe be muel, .filing himfelf notary public for the county of duly appointed, Montgomery in the ftate of Maryland, dwelling in

but not aftually
fworn in due George-town, in faid county, duly cormiwioned anjf-worn. form.? Whther, he- On the 2d of June, 1798, payment of the bill Was de. tvcen contend- manded of the drawees by the fame notary, and refufed,

ing partics, the
certificate of a whereupon, on the fame day he protefted it in the ufual notary public, form fvr non-payment. Fenwick, the indorfer, was at th"actohmemisil"odnueldy the time of..indorfing-, and had been for ten years before,

and fwicn,- a refident of France, but in the year iSoo he came to this

.a:nbe contra- country, and on the 4 th of April, i go i, the plaintiffs

Sited ?

below brought fuit againif him here upon his indorfement,

VhetheT a pro- The declaration had two counts, one upon the non-accept.

tef for nor-
faiyllmofenext cohfanag- ance of the bill, the other for money had and received.

rnuft be made The defendant below pleaded,

on the !aft day

of grace?

Whether the

ift. Non-a/un psit.

reafortablenefs

bf notice be matter of fadt,

2d. That the plaintiffs t have not'obtained letters of

or matter of ccadminiftration on all and fingular the goods and chat-

iaw?

" tels, rights and credits, which were of the faid George,

Whether, on a cc I~t the time of his deceafe, to wit, at Wafhington coua-

,count for mo-
aucy had and re- ty aforefaid, and this he ig ready to verify, wherefore ceived, notice :' he prays judgment," &c. to which the plaintiffs replied, of non-accept- " that the faid George Sears, the inteftate, departed this ance, and of " life, in the town of Baltimore, in the county of Bal-
non-payment I
be necAary to timore, in the ftate of Maryland, which was at that

tharge an in- " time his place of 'refidence, on the

day of

dorfer who it in the year of our Lord i8oo, inteftate ; and after-

knew, at' the

yea

tiMeof in-

wards, to wit, on the 8th day of November, in the

dorfement, that c, year aforefaid, adminiftration-of all and fingular the

the drawer had c goods and chattels, rights and credits of the faid intf)I6right to "t tate, was granted to the faid John 8tricker and Henry

r4w

FEBRUARY, 18o3.
"9 Payfon, in due form of law, by William Buchanar, 9- regilter of wilIs for Baltimore cou-ty afoctfaid ; an " exemplification of the btters of adminiitration grantcd
to the faid Strickcr and Henry Payfon as aforefaid, duly " authenticated, is now here to the court produced ; and
-t-is they are ready to verify ; wherefore, they pray " judgrn it," &c. Fo this replication there wis a gcac9 ral demurrer and joinder ; which demurrer was over" ruled by the court below.*
On the trial of the iffue in fad, five bills of exception5 were taken by the defendant's counfel.
The firft ftoited that the defendant obje&ed to the fecond bill of the fet of exchange, going in evidence to the juryi unlcfs the plaintiff firft offered evidence to account for the firft and third of exchange, and to fhew that they or either of them were not paid or paffd in tie courfe of buinefs to fome other perfon who frill holds the fione, but the court over-ruled the objetion, and fuffered the fecond bill to be read.
The fecond bill of exceptions ftated that the defendant objeded to the admiflion of the two protctfs in evideuce, becaufe, as he alleged, Samuel Hanfon of Samuel, was not a notary public on the 3 oth of March, 1798, or on the 2d of June, 1798, and to prove this the defendant offered to give evidence to prove that the faid Htanfon, previous to the 3 oth of March, 1798, had been named and appointed by the governor of the flate of Maryland, by and with the advice and confent of the council of Maryland, a notary public, but that he never did take the oath or oaths prefcribed for a notary public to take, until after the 3 d day of June, 1798, but the court were of opinion that the evidence fo offered to prove that the faid IHanfon w#as not a notary public, was not admiffible for that purpofe, and refufed to let the faid evidence be given.; and the protefts were permitted to be read to the jury.
3 d. That the defendant's counfel prayed the court to dired the jury that the proteft for no-panztnt is not Iuch
* The jurifdiion of th feveral ftates of Virgina and Marylaud over the territory cedcd by. them to the United Suites, for the fi:2t ot gowv,:merit, ceafed ont the firft Noaday of December, i8oo

eNwIC&
,A" S'-,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

FteciCK V.
SEARs's ADMirers.

a proteft as by the law of merchants is required) and was not made within the time by the law and cuftom of merchants required, and therefore that the plaintiffs cannot in this cafe recover of the defendant upon the faid bill of exchange ; but the court refufed to give fuch inftrudion.

4 th. The fourth bill of exceptions flated at great length the teftimony of feveral witueffes, tending to fhew notice of the non-payment given to the defendant in this country fome time in s8oo or i8oi, and that the defendant had made fome propofitions for fettling the bill. That
the drawees bad no funds of the drawer in their hands.
That the drawees held a deed from the drawer of certain lands in Georgia .hnd North-Carolina, and an affignment of a large demand on the French government, and of another large demand againft an individual in France, which they held in truft to pay certain debts due from the drawer, and to pay him the furplus if any. That they had permitted thedrawer to go to France and attend to thefe claims and fell the lands, but that it was under-
flood between them and the drawer that he fhould bear his own expenfes, but that they did not inform the defendant of that circumflance. That at the time he went they thought favourably of the truft and wrote by the drawer to the defendant, expreffing their opinion of it, and inclofingto the defendant a power of attorney to aft for them in the bufinefs and to receive any -monies that might be recovered under the truft, and informing him that the drawer would attend and look after the faid con-
cerns. That at the time of prefenting the bill they had not received any money under the truft, but were in advancc on that account That the bill was endorfed by the dcfendant to enable the drawer to raife money in
France, for the purpofe of fupporting his neceffary ex-
penfes whilft he was profecuting ,there thofe claims in which the ,trawes were interefted as truftees, and that
the diawef fold them for that purpofe. That the defend,ant came to this counthy on bufinefs in Otober i8oo,
and returned to France in May 1802, and during his flay in this country made Georgetown his place of refidence.

That after this bill was drawn, the drawer received in F rance a fum of between 2000 and 3000 dollars, in the

FEBRUARY, i8o,

263

beginning of the year 1798; that during the years 1798, I 799, and i8oo, French fhips were' permitted to fail directy from America to France, for the purp6fe of carrying Frenchmen home ; this happened perhaps twice a year or oftener. That during thefe years there was a
communication between America and France for letters,
&c. through the medium of London and Hamburgh. That. after the fpring of 1798, American veffels were very often captured by the French armed veffels on the high feas; and that at the time previous to the year i798, American fhips were embargoed in France.

FE NwicK e.
S-A Rs's

The defendant then prayed the court to initrudl the jury that upon the whole evidence, as Rated, the plaintiffs, by their neglet in not giving notice to the defendant, the indorfer on the faid bill, that it was protefted for nonacceptance and for non-payment, fooner than they did, had releafed the defendant from all refponfibility on the fame, and could not recover thereon ; which diredion was not given as prayed, the court being divided in opinion whether, in this cafe, the queftion of reafonable notice was a matter of law to be determined by the court, or a matter of fa- to be determined by the jury. But the court were of opinion, and fo direted the jury, that iftheyJhould be of opinion from the evidence, that. the defendant who indatfed the bill drawn by F..L. Taney is
this fuit, knew, at the time of fiich indoifement, thatthefaid
Taney had no efets in the hands of the drawers, on which he could draw, notice of the non-payment, or of the proteft therefor, was not ne,:effary .to enable the plaintiffs tQ,
recover, in this adion, on the count for money, had and re.
Peived.
. The fifth bill of exceptions, after repeating the evidence at length, Rtated that the defendant prayed the courtto inflrud the jury, that although they might be of opi. nion that Fenwick, the defendant; knew at the time of hi4
indorf~ment that the drawer had no effeds in the handa of the drawees on which he could draw, yet, to fupport an azion, on the bill of exchange, againtft the defendant, it was neceffary for the plaintiffs to give him reafonablk .notice of the proteft of the bill for non-acceptance or
Pon-payment, oneor the other; and that under the cirouWtIAIkue of this eafe; notio to the. faid. Fonwi4, *

SUPREME COURT U. S.

lrNwicK I.V
SEA^s's A M\iNks.

fuch proteft for non-acceptance, or non-payment, in (Oetober t8oo, was not reafonable notice ; whereupon the court were of opinion and dire&ed the jury that if they were fatisfied from the ev dence that the defendant, at the
time he endorfed the bill, knew that Taney had no effeds in the hands of the drawe'es, upon .which he could draw, Rill it was neceffary for the plaintiffs, in order to fupport
their adion againft the defendant, upon thefir/i count in the declaration, to give him reafonable notice of th,- protefi for non-acceptance or tor non-payment, one or the other ; but whether under the circumitances of this cafe, retfonable notice had been given, to the faid Fenwick, of the faid proieft, the court gavw no opinion ;being divided in opinion whether the fame was m,ttt',r of law to be determined by the court, or matter of fad. to be determined by the jury.

Verdi(t for the plaintiff, 439 dollars, and 46 cents, and judgment accordingly, to reverfe which the prefeni vrit of error was brought by the defendant.

.Mafon, for plaintiff in error.

Sinms and C. Lee, for defendants.

Mafon, now waved the confideration of the firft bill of exceptions, and relied upon the following points.

if. That the. protefts ought not to havc been admitted to be given in evidence, becaufe, Hanfon who made them, although he files himfelf notary public, was not a nota-
ry public.

2d. That' the proteft for non-paymerit wis not ?i fufficient proteit to charge the indorfer, becaufe it was not made within the days of grace, but on the day after the lail day of grace.

3 d. That the notice of the non-payment given to the defendant was not given in reafonable time i and did.not
come from an indorfee, but from Judah Hays, for whofe
ufe this fuit is brought. rhe court, and not the jury, are to decide what is reafonable notice.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

205

4 th. The letters of adminiftration granted in Maryland, before thcjurifdi61on over the diftridt of Columbia vefted in the United States, do not authorize the plaintiffs to maintain an a~ion, as adminiftrators, within the diftri&, after the transfer of the jurifdidion.

FFNWICne
..
SEARs's
A IS.

1ff. That Hanfon was not a notary public, and therefore the proteft void.
A proteft by a perfon having due authority, is the only evidence which cau be received of the non-acceptance or non-payment of a foreign bill, to charge the indorfer. ,Kyd, 136 142. (87. 91.)
The only perfon who ea i have, fuch due authority is a notary public. Kyd. 137. (87.)
With regard to inland bills and promiffory notes, the flatute of Anne is adopted in Maryland, and the courts of Maryland are governed by the fame rules, laws and authorities as the Englifh courts.
By the contitution of Maryland, §.48, notaries public are to be appointed by the governor and council. The 5 5 th fedion declares, " that any perfon appointed to any CCoffice of profit or truft, fhall, before be enters on the ex-
ecution thereof," take the oath therein prefcribed, 1' and
-fhall alfo fubfcribe a declaration of his belief in the
Chriftian religion."
The ad of affembly of Maryland, Feb. 1777, ch. S, prefcribes an oath of office to be taken before the officer, enters into the execution of his office.
The ad of affembly, Nov. 1779, c. 25, §. 2, afcer tains his fees, and the 8th fe6lion prefcribes the form of another oath to be taken, before entering on the "duties of his office, under a penalty of C. ISo.
If a man affumes a chara&er which he does not poffefs, and a feal to which he has no right, his ats are nog obligatoiy. No man can conftitute himfelf a notary public. If not duly appointed and qualified, his proteft is not better than the proteft of any other perfon. If
L 2

SUPREME COURT V. S.

FvxEwIcK IV.
SEARS'S
ADMiNIS.

Hanfon had not taken the oaths, and if he could not a&".
until he had taken them, then the proteft is not by a ilo-
tary ;. and ii was competent to the defendant to give evi-' dence to prove that he had not taken the neceffary oaths.,

2d. The proteft for non-payment was made a day too late. The bill was prefented for acceptance on the 3 oth of March. The lafl day of grace was the jft of June., The proteft was oil the 2d of June.
The cultom as to the days of grace and the mode of computation of time, is ftated in Kyd, 9, (6.) .
I The bill muft be prefented for payment %vithin the Jays of gracq and proteftedon the laji day of grace. Kyd 136, 142, (87, 97-)
Although the bill be protefted for non-acceptance, yet it muf: be prefented for payment at the time it becomes dud and regularly protefted for non-payment.-, Andalthough a right of adion acerues upon the proteft for nonacceptance, yet the holder is held to have difcharged the drawer and indorfers, unlefs he prefents it for payment when due, and regularly protefts it for non-paymentiKyd, 117, 1'20,(76, 79,' &o.) 121, 137, 138, 151, 208,
3 d. The defendant had not fuch notice of the protefts. for non-acceptance and non-payment, as to render him.L liable.
The cafe of Brown v. Barry, 3 Dalls, 365, has no relation to this cafe. That vgas a bill drawn in Amexica upon a perfon in Europe. This is a bill drawn in Europe on a perfon in America, and is therefore fubje t to the laws of the place where drawn and indorfed, as to the liability of the drawer and indorfers, The engagement. of Fenwick, the defendant, was -made in France, and his liability- is to be determined by the laws ther. the obligation of the drawer and indorfers is Only conditional; the holder muff do certain things to entitle him to call upon them. Kyd, 17, (76.). He is bound to give regular notice of non-acceptance to all the precedinZ parties to whom he means to refort.

FEBRUARY, i 8oS,

As to the protefi beingfor want of funds in the hands of the drawees, it goes only to difcharge the holder from his obligation to give notice to the drawer, but does not
fuperfede the neceffity of notice to the indorfer. Kyd,
-129, 131, (82, 3.) 'T'here is reafon foi this diftindion. A drawer may have a good reafon for drawing, although he has no effeers in the hands of the draweq, but yet no injury can refult to him by want of notice. But the in dorfer may know that the drawer has been in the habi of drawing; but may not know the exa& ftate of the
funds upon which he drew.* The endorfer endorfes on the credit of the drawer ; and notice is neceffary to enable him to take meafures to fecure himfelf from the drawer,

FNwic'K'.
SEA P.S'S
fMTNRI.

.As to thetime of notice-the non-acceptance was on
the 3 oth of March, 1798, and on that day the holder's obligation to give notice, accrued, but he did not give it until January or February, s8oJi. I he a6 of congrefs did not flop the intercourfe between this couitry and
France, until Ift July, 1798. There is no evidenQe that any attempt was made during this time to fend notice.
The bill, in feven months, found its way from France to Georgetown, and what prevented its getting back again in feven months more ? The evidence Lated in the bill of exceptions fhews that there was always a circaitous route by which letters and papers might have got to France. There is alfo evidence that thedrawer was able to pay
.for fome time after the drawing the bill, and that he afterwards left France. Notice muff be given by the indorfee himfeilf, Kyd, x26, (79, 8o.) The only notice
which was given in this cafe, was by Judah Hays, who
is not a party on the bill.

The Court, and not the jury, ought to have decided the
queftion of reafonable notice, or due diligence. It is a Sueftion of law. Kyd 126, 127, (79, 80.) Notice muft
be given by the firfi poft. The 'courtsin Maryland have always fo decided. If the court have not decided the
queftion of due diligence they have erred. They have alfo erred in the opinion which they did give. They admit that reafonable notice is necefflary to enable the plain.
tiffs to recover upon the bill on the firft count, but that,
in cafe the defendant below knew. that the drawer had n

See vanson bills,. 62 and 67, Amer. editiop.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

VENWICK
SPARs's A',Vt T S.

funds in the hands of thie drawees, it is not neceflry to prove fuch notice in order to enable the plaintiffs to re. cover on the count fir money bad and received. It is not known on what grounds the court below could take fuch
a diftindlio,. There was certainly nothing in the evidence which could fupport fuch an opinion. If the holder had been guilty of fuch negligence as to difcharge the indorfer from his liability upon the bill, he was not entitlcd to recover upon either count. It was an obje4ion which went to the whole merits of the cafe ; and it is not like the cafe where a fccurity or inftrument may be vacated, but the debt frill remain.

4 th. The letters of adminifiration granted in Maryland (lid not authorize the plaintiffs to adminifter affets in the difiri& of Columbia.

The laws of Maryland, which were adopted by con-
grefs for this diftri6t, do not authorize an adminiltration
of affets under letters of adminiftration granted in another Rate. And fuch has been the uniform courfe of decifions in the courts of Maryland ; becaufe, by the teftamentary laws of Maryland, the adminiftrator is to give bond, and render an' account of his adminiftration ; and the affets are to be diftributed in the manner prefcribed by law.

Although this is the law of Maryland, and the laws of 1laryland have been adopted in this diftri6t by congrefs ; yet they do not operate as laws of Maryland, but as laws of the United States. And although the law is the fame, yet the jurifdifion is different. This .diftri&, and the Rate of Maryland, are to each other as feparate tates.

Simms,for defendants in error.

ift. As to the obje~tion that the notary had not taken the neceffary oaths.

It is believed that no cafe can be produced to fupport this exception. It would bi extremely incofivenient if the atts of a comrniffioned minifterial officer, fhould be confidered as invalid, becaufe he had negle~ted to take an oath prefcribed by law.*
~Note. See the care of ¢l.rflrn , Slatford inithz exewhcqer, i Lut-
wciche, Rep 377, 'vo edi;oi, A"6i, wherv ii w4 held that the town clerk

FEBRUARY, 18o.

By the a& of Affembly of 1779, c. 25, §.8, a penalty is enaded for not taking the oath there mentioned. This does not make void the ads of the officer, if he negle&s to take the' oath required, but only fubje&s him to the
penalty, for aaing without taking it. From this it may be inferred that the legiflature confidered his ads as valid.

FENWIC
I.
SIEARs , ADmu'iN.

The court did not err in refufing the evidence offered,
becaufe it was an attempt to prove a negative. The oath might have been taken before any judge, or juftice of the peace in the ifate of Maryland, or any alderman in the city of Annapolis. The law does not require fuch oath to be recorded, or depofited in any particular place. A party can niever be called upon tb prove that a notary public, who protefts a bill of exchange, was duly qualified to make fuch a proteft; confequently the court ought not to admit evidence that he was not, fo as to throw the burden of proof upon the other party. There is no penal-
ty prefcribed for not taking the oaths required by the conititution of Maryland, and by the aa of 17 79,but it does not follow from that circumifance, that the ads of the oflficer, duly appointed and commiffioned, would be void by his not having taken the oaths, becaufe he might be indi&ed and punifhed for his contempt of the law, and his .negle of duty. Innocent people ought not to fuffer by his negligence, efpecially as they have no means of know.. ing whether he had taken the oaths or not. The public
commiffion from the proper authority is all that can. be yequired to proted the rights of third perfons.

It is true that in the paffage cited from Kyd 136, (87.) it is faid, that "'the perfon whofe Qffice it is to do thefe
'ia&s" (that is make protefts, &c.) " is in common lanI guage, termed a ptsblic notary," but it is alfo faid in Evans 94, that when there is no public notary in the place; $1he proteft may be made by any other perfon.

2d. As to the time of making the proteft for non-paytr~nt.

The time when a proteft ought to be made, depends znuch on the cuftom of the place. 4 Bac. ob. Guilim's
rlemk of Oxford was entitled to recover his fecs accruing, before he had taken the oaths.

270

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Y 2WwtK
SV. SARs'S
ADNINRS.

Ed. 687. The time in Efigland was for a long while ufifettied. .In Salk. 132, Hill v. 'Lewis, it was determined that, with refpe6 to foreign bills, the drawee had three days of grace to pay them in, and that no demand need be made
Still the expirationof the three days, confequently that the proteft need not be made till after the third day of grace. But in the cafe of Tafel v. Lewis, Ld. Ray. 743, it was held that the time of payment is the laft of the three days, and that the demand ought to be madepn that day. In a late cafe of Leflty, v. Mills, 4 Term, Rep, 173, Ld. IKenyon
held that the acceptor had till the laft moment of the laft day of grace to pay the bill, confequently the proteft could not be made till the day after. But Buller held that the acceptor was bound to pay the bill, on demand, on any
rt orf the third day of grace, and that the bill ought to protefted on that day, and it is believed that fuch is now the eftablifhed cuftom in England. Kyd, 120, 121, (7,9, 80.)

But the cuftom of merchants in the United States dif. fers in tome refpeas from the cuftom of merchants in England. Brown v. Barry, 3 Dal 365, 368. It is believed that, in the United States, the cuftom is to proteft on the day after the laft day of grace. Such is the cuftom in the banks -of Alexandria and Columbia, in the cafe of promiffory notes ; and no difference is known in that refped between promiffory notes and bills of' exchange. 'There is no reafon why a difference Thould exift, as the three days of grace ate allowed in one as well as in the other.
But in this cafe, the bill was protefted for non-accept. ance and the defendant thereupon became liable to the aCtion of the plaintiff. In an aaion brought upon the non-acceptance, it is not neceffary to aver a demand or proteft for non-payment on the day when the bill becomes due , and what it is not neceffary to aver, it is not neceffary to prove ; Lilly's Ent. SS, Dunflarv. Pierce, which was a cafe on a demurrer. tq, the declaration; demurrer overruled, and judgment atdirmed in the exchequer.
But bad the bill been accepted, then a proteft for non. payment would have been abfolutely neceffary. Evans 66,, Kyd. 140, Doug. 55, Aijord ,. Mayer. Buller Nt, .

FEBRUAKY, 1803.

169. Brightv. Purrier. Kyd, 110, III. 3 Wil. 16, FNtwrlc'6

3. Under the circumftances of the prefent cafe- the plaintiffs were not bound to give the defendant notice at all ; the jury having found in fubftance, that at the time. tde defendant indorfed the bill, he knew that the drawer had no effe&s in the hands of the drawees ; and was therefore guilty of a fraud on the plaintiff's inteftate, in felling him the bill. The plaintiffs therefore had a right to recover on the count for money had and received.

8EARS'S
ADMIxRS.

Befides, the reafon of the rule which difpenfes with no-
tice to the drawer, when the drawees have no effeas, applies as firongly to the indorfer who knows that fad, as to the drawer. Notice to fuch a indorfer can be of no benefit, becaufe he knew, at the time of indorfing, that the bill would not be paid, and therefore muff have taken fecurity from the drawer, or if he did not, it was his own fault. By knowing. at the time of indorfing that the drawees had no funds of the drawer in their hands, he virtually had notice of the non-acceptance and non-payment. The rule, which requires notice to an indorfer, is
made for his protedion and benefit ; and ought not to be Qonverted into the means of enabling him to pradice a fraud.

The opinion of the court below, that although notice might be neceffary in order to fupport an af'ion on the bill upon the firft count, yet it was not neceffary to maintaia the count for money had and received, was certainly corre&, and fully warranted by the cafe of Bickerdike v. Bol/man, I Term rep, 408, 409, 410. Inthat cafe Afh-
hurft, juftice, fays ;that notice is not neceffary to the drawer when he has no effeds'in the hands; of the drawee; "for it is afraud in itlf, and if that can be
proved, the notice may be difpenfed with." Kyd t 29. (82.)Evans 59. Every indorfer is; to his indorfee, as the drawer of a new bill. Kyd .113. (72.) i Salk. 133. Harry v. Perrit, 2 Shower 5o. Claxton v. Swift, and in Heflin v;'Adamfon, 2 Burr, 674, Lord Mansfield fays, .A that when a bill of exchange is indorfed, by, the perfon " to whom it. was payable; as between the indorfer and I intorfee, it is a new bill of exchange, ancl the indorfer

SUPREME COURT 11. S.

'Owtci 1V.
SEARS's ADmis.

" ftands in theplace of-the drawer." If, therefore, the indorfer, at the time he transfers a bill, :knows that the drawer has no effe~as in the hands of the drawee, he is as guilty of fraud as the drawer himfelf; and in all cafes where money is obtained from another by fraug of any
kind it may be recovered back in an adion for money had and received. 2 Bur. x102. Mofes v. Macferlan. Salk.
28. HaJerv. Wallis. And in the cafe before cited of Bickerdike v. Bollman. i frerm rep. 41o, Buller, juftice, fays,
Betdeis, in the prefent cafe, as the plaintiff's counfel "have truly argued, the queftion is not, whether an ac" tion could be maintained on the bill itf'If, but whether " the want of notice extingujhes the debt. As to which "tthe cafe is this, A. not having any effeds in C.'s hands, " draws a bill of exchange for ,C. oo on him, in favour ,.of B. for value received. Now if C. does not accept, at and B. does not give notice to A. there is an end of the c bi.l. Then how does the cafe ftand .?A. has I.1oo of 6 B.'s in his hands, without any confideration, which,
49 therefore, B. may undoubtedly recover in an.acionfor mo-
,ney had and received."

The reafoning in that cafe applies exactly to the pre. fent. 'Here the defendant Fenwick, by his indorfement of the bill, acknowledges that he has received its amount.
He has received of the inteflate 350 dollars, without any confideration, and, therefore, even although the remedy on the bill might have been loft, he ought to recover the amount of the confideration on the count for money had and received.

It is true, that in the cafe of Goodallv. Dolley. r 7i'erm rep. 712. it is faid that the fa& of the drawer's having no funds in the hands of the drawee, would not difcharge the obligation of the holder to give notice to the indcrftr, to whom he meant to refort ; yet it is a lfo exprefsly flated that the indozfer was ignorant of all the circumnflances of the caf,. That opinion, therefore, can not affed the prefent cafe in which the indorfer knew the circumnfances.

As to the queftion whether reafonable notice is matter of law to be determined by the court, or matter o fa&t
to be determined by the jury: The praffice in England, until lately, was for the jury to determine, by the cir-

FEBRUARY, 19o3.

cumfances of each particular cafe, what time was reafonably to be allowed either. for making demand or giving notice. Kyd, 127. (77.) Doug. 5I15,(497.) Rud v. Lang-
flafe. Doug. 681., R, ton v. Afpinall.

FzswtcS SFARS'S

In the cafe of Tindall v. Brown, i T mnrep. 167. Lord Manrfieldfays, that " what is reafonable notice is "partly a queftion of fad, and partly a queftion ot law.
It may depend in fome meafure on fads ; fuch as.the " diftance at which the parties live from each other, the 4 courfe of the pofts, &c. But whenever a rule can, be " laid down with refped to this reafonablenefs,'that fhould " be decided by the court, and adhered to by every one "c for the fake of certainty." And, Aflbbur,/, juflice, laid it was " of dangerous confequence to lay it down,as a i general rule, that the jury fhould judge of the reafon#.
blenefs of time. It ought to be fettled asa queftion of law. If the jury were to determine this queftion in, tall cafes, it would be produdive of endlcfs uncer-
· tainty."

It appears to have been the opinion of both thefe judges, that there were certain cafes in which it was proper for the jury to determine on the reafonablenefs of notice ; but that in cafes where a rule can be laid down, the court ought to decide the queftion. No certain rule caiwbe laid down, except in cafes where the parties live in the fame place, or where there is a conftant and regular com munication by poft between them.
In a much later cafe 2. H. Blacy]Ione's rep. 569, it was determined that what 'was reafonable time, muff depend on the particular circumftances, and it muft be always for the jury to determine whether any laches is to be imputed to the plaintiff.

In the cafe of Mackie v. Davis, 2. W'af!, 231, Car. rington, juftice; fays " whether due dili'gence had been '" ufed bythe affignee to recover againft the obligor would
" neceffarily be a matter-in iffue between the parties, and " would, upon all the circumrftnces of the cafe, be de. "cided by the jury."

1. Da. 252, if to the fame ei'eOl. A Gafe to the fame

274

SUPREME COURT U. S.

FNWcIcK effe& alfo has been mentioned as having been decided W,. in the circuit -court of the United States, in Virginia, by
SSARS'S judge Wilfon. AD, INR s.

vThe

inftru&ion of the court below to the jury, that
reafonable notice was neceffary to charge the defendant on the firft count, -was not objeded to by' the plaintiff's cotinfel ; but the court not having inftru(ted them whether' the notice wa's or was not reaforiable, and a general yerdia for the plaintiffs having been giv6 n, it is to be prefumed that the jury thought the notice was reafon able
under all the cixcumftances; and they were certainly com-
petent to decide that queftion,

The decifions, that notice mufl come only from the
indorfee or.the'holder, have been fince over-ruled. Evansi 57.

3. As to the letters of adminiftration.

An adminiftrator, in the- United States, ought not to be confidered precifely,in the fame point of view as in England.i

In England, he is the fervant or agent of the ordinary, and ats in his place and. fead.

In the United States, he is th reprefcntative of the inteftate ; and all the rights and credits of the inteftate are vefted in him.

Formerly in England, the goods of an inteftate were difpofed of by the bihop or ordinary to pious ufes. It wag not-until the ftatute, of 13 th. Ed. i. c. 19, that the bifhop 'or'ordinary was compelled to fatisfy the debts of
the inteftate as far as the goods, which came to his hands,
would extend.

After'this flatute, an a&ion might be brought againft 'the ordinary in the fame manner as again.f an executor; but, he was not compellable to grant adminiftration until the Ratute of 3J, Ed. 3 d. c. ii.

- From thls relation between the ordinary and the adininiftraior he poNWer of the latter was neceffarily limited
.1

FEBRUARY, 1803.

by the jurifdi&ion of the former. But the act of congrefs concerning the diftri& of Columbia puts the queflion out of doubt. By that a&, the laws of Maryland arc continued in force in this, part of the diftrit ; of courfe, all
rights acquired under the laws of Maryland remained valid. It was not the intention of congrefs to diveft any rights which had been acquired under thofe laws. If the
feparAtion of the diftri& from Maryland took away the tight which the plaintiffs before poffeffed of taking poffeflion of the property and colleding the debts of the-inteftate, in this part of the diftri&, under their letters of adminiftration granted in Baltimore county, it would have the fame effe& upon letters granted by the orphan's courts of Montgomery and Prince George'.s counties, before the feparation, to perfonsirefident in the diftri& fo that their ads, done fince the feparation, are unauthorizeA,
and they cannot lawfully a& until ne* adminiftration Has
been taken out from the orphan's court withir the diftrid. The inconvenience, expenfe and oppreffioi of fuch a conftru&ion, are too obvious to admit the fuppofition that it was within the intention of congrefs.

FEzwicx W.
SrARS'S
ADr0iNRs.

Thefe letters were taken out from the proper authority and at the time, vefted a right in the plaintiffs to adminifter the affets within this part of the diftri.

C. Lee, on the fame fide.

i ft.. As to the letters of adminiftration.

Admitting that letters of adminifiration, granted out of the ftate of Maryland, will not authorize an adminiftration of affets within the ftate, yet in this cafe the letters were granted in Maryland while this diftri& was part of Maryland, before the ift Monday of December i8oo, and did once authorize an adminiftration of the affeta
here. A right was completely vefted in the plaintiffs. The laws of Maryland are as fully in operation in this diftri& as they were or are in the ftate of Maryland. Congrefs could not mean to diveft rights completely vefted.

2d. As to the fecond bill of exceptions.

It is'admitted that Hanfon was duly appointed notary, but the objedion is that he had not taken the oath. The

116

SUPREME COURT U. S.

yrvwicz
_.
SARS'S ADMINRS.

exception is not to the opinion of the court that he was not duly qualified to ad; but fimiply that it was not com. petent for the defendant to give the evidence offered to prove that he had' not taken the oaths. rhe intention
"of an oath is only to impofe an additional obligation onthe officer. It is a matter between the officer and the government; and generally a penalty is impofed for
not taking it; but the not taking the oath does not make the aa void. Suppofe a member of the legiflature ihould not take the oath prefcribed ; this would not vacate a law to which he had given his affent. Such a doarine would produce infinite inconvenience. No time is limited
for making the objedion ; and twenty years after an ak has been done, it may be offered to be proved that the officer did not take the oath ; if the court would do right in refutfing fuch evidence in that cafe, they were right in refutfing it in the prefent.

3d. The third billof exceptioh6 is, that the court admitted the proteft. for non-payment to go to the jury, when it was not made iih due time.

The adion being for non-acceptance, and not on the
proteft for von-payment ; it was not neceffary to produce that proteft at all. The objetion is that it was not made on the lafi day of grace, but on the day after.

The cuftom is different in different.countries. From the general pra&ic6 of the. banks, it may be confidered as the general rule in this country to protlft on the day after the laft day of grace.

The proteft for non-acceptance is not objeded to; it was made on the day on which the bill .was prefented.
The court oihly refufed to give 'the ,dire&ion as prayed,
but gave co opinion that the proteft was a good one.
4 th. As to the fourth, bill of exceptions.
This reccord does not ftate the whole evidence in the caufe. It is true it'is laid that this is all the evidence given of notice ; but it does not ftate what other evidence there might be to excufe the want of notice. This ex.

FEBRUARY, i 8og.

ception mray be divided into three points; firit, as to the
opinion prayed ; tecond, as to the condud of the court in notgiving an opinion as to part of'the prayer, and thirdly, as to the opinion which the court did give.

FE4WIC-K v.
S-rAIts's
ADMIN RS.

The prayer is to inflru&i the jury that it was neceffary to prove notice ot non-payment as well as of non-acceptance. The plaintiffs, if any body, had a right to complain of the opinion of the court, in as much as it did not declare notice of non-payment to be unneceffary. But
they have waved their right to except. The opinion given is what is excepted to, and that was given only on the count for money had and received.

The bill and indorfement are ftated to have been made in France. The law of Prance then is the Lex Loci, by which this caufe is to be decided, and by' which the lia-
bility of the indorfer is to be afcertained. By that law no notice is neceffary to the drawer or indorfer, if there are no effeds of the drawer, or of the indorfer, in the hands of the drawee. Evans 6o, 62.

And what is meant.by funds, is not fecurities lodged for raifing money, upon which the money has not beeiv raifed; but is money in account. 2 tfUp, rep. 515. Evant
62.

As to the ground of fraud, the court left it to the jury to decide whether the defendant knew that the drawer had no funds in the hands of the drawees. If he did know it, iA it not as much a fraud as in the cafe of a drawer
drawing without funds? It is in fad an accumulated
fraud. If, according to juftice Afhhurft, one is a fraud,
the other muft be a greater fraud.

,4.Ato due diligence, the exception is not. that no notice was given, but that it was not given in due time. No doubt but that by the laws in England, due notice is neceffary as a generalrule. But to this there are exceptions,

There is an American law on this fubje&, which is, that in fome cafes the jury, and not the court, is to occide what is laches. When a particular cafd arifes, and a variety of circumftances are given in evidence in ex-

FENwicK ·,.
SEARS'S ADMT'NS.
'

-'118

SUPREME COURT U. S.

cufe for not giving notice fooner, there, by the Americat praffice, the jury are to decide. This appears by the decifions in Pennfylvania down to the year 1795. 1 Dallas,. Robertfon v. Vogle. 2 Dal. r58. Bank of N. America v.

.M~''Knight. 2 Dad. i92. 233. I Call's rep. 123. M'Wi.

ham :sv. Smith.

- ..

In this country the line is more diftinfly- drawn between court and jury than it is in England. By the 9 tk, article of the amendments to the conifitution, a matter once tried by a jury fhall not be otherwife re-examined than by a jury according to the rules of the common law. If the court now make a rule as to what is due diligence in this cafe, they will without a jury try a faa which has once been decided by -the jury in the court below.
If the queftion involve matter of faa 'with the law, the jury mqdi decide the fads ; and it is no error in the court ito f'uffcr them to decide the law alfo at the fame time.-

. When a rule can be laid down, then the court isto ftate the rule. But where that can not be done then it may be left to the jury.. This is all that lord Mansfield fays in in the cafe of Vindall v. Brown.

5 thi The fifth is an exception to the opinion which the court gave, and not to thelcondu& of the court in not giving an opinion. rhe opinion given was againft the plaintiffs below, and they alone had a right to except
to it.
There was a decifion of chief juftice Jay, given upon the circuit, fimilar to that given by judge Wilfon, that the jury and not the court were to judge of the validity of Cxcufes for giving notice.
The judgment ought not to be reverfed becautfe the court below did give an improper. inftrukion'to the jury.
It is hoped that the court will decide the queftion of iotice as it is of great importance that a general rule Thould be rftablified and underRood.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

279

qMfon in reply.
ift. As to the letters teftamentary.
Antecedent to the revolution the teftamentary affairs in the fRate of Maryland were under the fuperintendance of a commiffary general, who had a deputy in each county. If there were Lona notabilia in feveral counties, the adminiftration was granted by the commiffary general. But if the goods of the inteftate were all in one county it might be granted by the deputy commiffarr of that county. By the new fyftem of teftamentary laws, 1798 ch. 1I. § 3. the affets in Maryland connot be adminiflered but by letters of adminiftration granted in Maryland.

FEIw ICK
IV. SEARS'S ADMINRt .
"Y -

In the diftri6 of Columbia, if a man now die ipteftate, the adminiflration muff be granted in the diffri&-

The laws of Maryland do not operate in the diftri& as laws of Maryland, but as laws of the United States Their obligatory force is not derived from the Rate ot Maryland, but from the United States.

"Doesthe faCt that the letters were granted before the feparation of the diftri& from. Maryland, make any difference? If any right had vefted, what was it ? Was it a right to fue Fenwick who was ther in France, and who came to the diftriL after its feparation.

But no right at all had vefted in the plaintiffs. If the feparati6n had not taken -place, and Fenwiqk had come, they might have fued; but as it had taken place before he came, they can not.

By the laws of this part of the diftri&, the adminiftra. tor muff give bond duly to adminifter the eftate, and to pay the debts pari palu. He muft advertife in a certain
manner, &c. The only evil refulting from this conftruction of. the law is, that plaintiffs muff take out letters of adminiftration here.

2d. As to the fecond bill of exceptions. The qucftion' is, whether Hanfon was a notary before.he took the oath

SUPREME COURT U.- S.

FitNwic I,.
SARS'S
ADM TNRS.

"

'

preferibed by the law of 1779. rhe conflitution fays, that before he enters upon the execution of the duties of his office he hall take the oath of allegiance. The law of 1779 fays, he fhall take the other oath therein pre-
fcribed, and if he ats without having taken it he fhall he fubjed to a penalty. The conftitution and the law are to be coupled tbgether, and then the taking the oath rpefcribed by. the'ad of 1779, becomes a pre. requifite to his capacity to a& as notary.

3 d. The third bill of exceptions is that the proteft for non~payment was not a proper one to go to the jury. It -was not in itfelf evidence. It is no anfwer to fay that no proteft for non-payment was neceffary; the counfel below
did not chufe to rifk their caufe without it. If the opinion of the. court is erroneous, and if the proteft was
improperly admitted to go to the jury, the judgment mnuft
be reverfed. It may be a good reafon why the court Tcehfofualrdy. refIutfeistothelertefiot rgeo to the jury, that it was not ne-
unimportant to decide whether
it was neceffary or not. But that it was neceffary appearsin Kyd, 120, 137, 13Q,'(77, 87. )

As to the cafe of the notary who refufed fix pence for noting the bill, 4 Term rep. 173. It is the opinion of lord Kenyon only, that the acceptor had till the laft moment of the laft day of grace to pay the bill; and that was the cafe of an inlandbill, and de ided exprefsly upon the ftatute of William. But Buller Rates the law to be
otherwife on a foreign bill, and that, by the cuftom, the
bill is payable at any reafonable time of the laft day of grace when demanded. And the law is fo ftated in Kyd,
'12I, (78.) The pra6tice in Alexandria may be as Rated, but in Baltimore they proteft on the 3 d day, in banking hours, There-is a difference between the law refpeding
inland and foreign bills; and this difference arifes from the ftatute of William, which gives the proteft ot inland bills and requires it to be made after the expiration of the three days, Kyd, t5z, (91.) It is upon this ftatute,
which is in force in Maryland, that the banks have adopted the praatice of protefting promiffory notes on the day after the expiration of the three days of grace. A pro-
miffory note as foon as it is indorfed_ becomes an inland
bill of exchange.

FEBRUARY, 1803.

281

4 th. It is objected to the fourth bill of exceptions that it does not contain the whole evidence. But if a bill of exceptions ftates evidence, it has been decided by this court that it is prefumtd to ifate the whole evidence. 3 Dal. 19, 38, Bingham v. Cabott.

FENwicit ..
SEA RS'S ADM 1NIS,

It is faid that the exception is not to the refufal of the prayer, but to the opinion which was given. If the opinion prayed was corre&, and the court refufed to give it,
or, by being divided, failed togive the inftrudion to the jury as prayed, it is error. The court will difregard the inaccurate form of words, and come at the fuDftance of
the exception.

As to the want of funds in the hands of the drawees,
the court are to prefume that the whole evidence is fiated in the exception. We deny the principle that fuch funds
can be only money in account. There was reafon for Fenwick to believe that the drawees had funds, and he ought therefore certainly to have had notice. There is not the leaft ground for a fufpicion of fraud in Fenwick.

As to the count for money had and received, it is a common law count; but upon that count the plaintiffs can not recover by means of evidence refulting from that bill, unlefs they have done every thing to entitle them to recover upon the bill itfelf, by ufing.due diligence, giving due notice, &c.

It is faid that the ihdorfement wa: made in Frane, and
therefore the law of France is to decide the refponfibility of the indorfer ; and that by that law notice is not neceffary to the indorfer, if neither the indorfer nor the drawer has funds in the hands of the drawee; and Evans is cited as the authority. It is doubted whether Evans is
correa in that pofition; but whether corre&l or not, it does not apply, becaufe the money-was to be paid here,
and the contraCt is perfonal. If Fenwick had been fued in France it might have applied; but being fued here, the law of this country muft decide his cafe.

As to the queftions what is due notice, and whether it
be a matter of fa & or of law, the deciflons cited from DalIs are no authorities in this cafe. They all-turned
N2

SUPREME COURT IT. S.

iENWCK IV.
SA Rs's
A ,lts.j

upon the laws of particular ftates. This court is to be governed by.the law of the place vhere the tranfafion happened, unle'fs where the laws of the United States apply. The court in this cafe are to decide by the laws as they exift in Maryland ; and there the laws of England
refpedfing bills of exchange and promiffory notes have al,ways been the riles of decifion. We are not in Maryland to be governed by whimfical opinions dravn frofft either Pennfylvania or Virginia.. Virginia has i6t ben remarkable for her progrefs in commerce ; and were I to 'form a fy'fem of commercial law, I flbould certainly'n~t
draw it from *thefantaftical opinions adopted in either df thofe ftates.

In Englhnd, what is due notice has been and is fettled and determined to be matter of law to be decided by the
court

On the 2'gth of February, The Court gave the follo*ing judgment.

"9 It is decre ed by the court that the defendants Stricker
"c and Payfon, not havin'g obtained letters of adminifration
( in the dflriRl f Colimbia, were not competent to mainIf tain this afion ; and that the circuit court of the - United States in and for the faid di{ltri& erred in over-
ruling the demurrer. It is therefore cotifidered by the
" court, that the judgment of the faid circuit court, on " the faid demurrer, be, and the fame is hereby reverfed, " and that judgment thereon be rendered for the defend" ant in the original alion."'*

THOMPSON v. JAMESON.

THomPSON
Iv.

ERROR from the circuit court of the diftri&"of

JAMESoN. Columbia, fitting in Alexandria.

An adion of The reporter was not in court when this judgment was entered, but debt for £ 86o he has underftoad that the court did not affign the reafons' upon which. zz z, founded their opinion was grounded; and gave no opinion upon the '4thir poWiWs on a dccree in Ste Evan. ontills, 67,68, 6,, 70, W 71, as to otic.

