SUPREME COURT U. S.

Du,.m &CV.o.
BALL.
B L

DUNLOP & CO. v. BALL. disTtrHictISofwaos luabwiaristiottfingerirnorAlteoxathnedciair.cuTiht ecoounrlyt oqfutehse-

To induce a presumption ofrfpoamytmheenatge

tion in the case arose upon the following bill of exceptions. "In this case the plaintiffs were admitted to be, and al-.

ofa bbnd, 20 years must have elapsed exclu.'ve (f the period of the plaintiff's
disability. Legal impedimnts to the

" ways to have been British subjects residing in Great" Britain, and the defendant to be and have been a native "and always a citizen of the;pow state of Virginia, and

this suit was commenced on the

day of

in

"the year 1802. The debt was contracted in 1773, in

"Virginia, at which time the bond was executed on which

" the suit was brought. It was also admitted that the

recovery of "plaintiffs had an agent authorised to collect their debts, British debts "cso far as the plaintiffs could authorise the same to be colexisted in V-1 lected, during the whole time from the date of the bond
Siia until the " to this day ;-which agent resided in the county in which year 1793. "the defendant lived; also open war subsisted between

"4Great-Britainand Virginia,from the 19th day of April "1775, until September 1783.

'Further to repel the presumption of payment, the
plaintiffs produced the followihg acts of the general as"sembly of 'Virginia upon the subject of British debts "contracted before the peace which acts are in the words "following : (Here were inserted the acts dited in If-arch i'1785; ad Dec. 1787 ; -May 1781, and Nov. 178.) "And the 4&h article of the treaty of peace of 1783, and "cthe 6th article of the treaty of peace of 1794, between cGreat-Britainana the United States." -The plaiutiffs
&9' 'avevidence that William Wilson, their agfit, deliver£ "vet the boiid to William Hunter,jun. in 177q, . to be 6oIgected, at which time he (Williatn Wilson) went.e Etk .+ope. Aid when he returned in 1184 he received baet
the bond from W. Hunter. Some time 5fter the year 1789, he delivered the paid bond to Yames .7ohnson for collection, who returned it, . and neither of those persons tatd that the money, or Ay part was collected: that fohnison died in 1797.

Wheieupdn the counsel for die 'defendant prayed the court to instruct the jury, that from the length of time .fey'ought to presume payment of the aforesaid bond.Upon which the court instrteted the jury that from the

FE9IRUA.RlY, 1804.

18f

length of time stated in-tbe facts above agreed on, the bond, in law, is presumed satisfied, unless they should find
from the evidence that interest vas paid on the bond withii 20 years from the 5th of- September 1775, (the time of
the last payment) or that a suit, or demand was made on the said bond within 20 years from the last mentioned -time, exclusive (in both cases) of..five years, five months, and twenty days, .takeonut ofthe act of limitations.

· Dulov Co.
BALL.

.To which opinion of the court the plaintiffs by their.

counsel except, &c.

"

lii

bt .

The defendant relkd on the plsa of payment, and on.the length bf time to support it.

E. J. LEz, fior plainti in error, relied prindpally upon the legal impediments which existed in Virginia, to r6vel thd presumption arising from the lapse of time. , -

lie contended that the r'ule that -the'lapse of 0' years. <shall iduce' a.presumption of payment of a bond,-is not an absolute a-d arbitrary rule, but at most is onlyprimafacie'evidence, and induces nothing m.ore than a presum.p-tion.'-

Any ch .uhnstances which can. reasonably account for
the delay ofthe plaintiffs in prosecuting their right, without supposing the baudto be.satisfied, may be given in evidence to destroy that presumption. ".

From th. yeat 1774 to 1791, the plaintiffs were incapa"citated to. maintain a suit and to recover the money ,by
legal.ptess.

"'The first impediment was caused by the expiration of the fee bill 6n the i2th Of December 1774, whereby the courts of justice.were shut against all persons. This impediment was general and continued until the commencement ofthe waf, on the 19th of April 1775.

Proln this periol titil the peace in-September1783, the ot~wa srevented Britie subjects fombinging suits
urN c ' ei0frsn,o other impediment had existecd The firs\ at of assembly of Virginia, applying to Britishcred-
tor in partic lar is that passed in October 1777, seques-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

DuxLo) tering British property and suspending executions, until &. VC. o. the further order of the legislature, in all cases where a

BALL. British subject was plaintiff, and a citizen of the corn-

;-q

Jmonwealth defendant.-Chanceryrevisalof laws, p 64.

The 2d act of impediment is that of November 1781, ch. 22, s. 3, p. 147, to suspendexecutions zn certaincases.
The 3d is the act of M1ay 1782, ch. 44, s. 2, p. 165, to repeal so much of a former act as suspends the issuing. executions upon certain judgments.until December 1783.
The 4th is the act of October 1782, to amend an act entitled an act to repeal so much of a former act as suspends the issuing of executions on certain judgments until Devember 1783.

The 5th is the act of December 1783, ch. 45. p.' 182, to revive and continue in force the several acts of assembly for suspending the issuing of executions on certain judgments until December 1783, p. 218. This last act expir-edin Yuly 1784.

If the legal impediments had ceased in the year 1784 with the expiration of this act, we should still have been in time with our suit; for itis brought within twenty years
from that time. But these impediments did not cease at that period, but were -still coitinued by the acts of 1785 and 1787."

In addition to these legal impediments created by the acts of the legislature, were the decisions ofjuries and
courts of law who supported the plea in barthat the plain-
tiff was a Britishsubject, for several years afterwards.

The report of the commissioners under the 6th art. of the treaty with Great-Britainmentions a number of cases decided in the courts of Virginiato that effect, from which two only are supposed necessary, to be cited.
The first is the case of Warwick's administratorsv. Gashins, in Lancastercounty, upon the plea that the testator was a Britishsubject: the suit was dismissed in Mdarch
1788.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

The next cage is that of Gieson, Donaldson& Hamilton

plaintifs, against.Bannister'iexecutors, defendants, in

PthraitntcheeGpeloairngteif'fsscwouenretyB, rAituisghusstub1j7e9c1ts,

in which the was sustained.

plea

DUNLO*
& Co.
V. BALL.

The fact is notorious that it was the general opinion of the inhabitants of the state, and of juries that a British debt could not be recovered. Thisis acknowledged to be the case in Mr. Chancellor Wythe's report of the case of Pa.te v. Braxton,p. 127, in the year 1793, which was the first in which it had beeh decided in any of the superior courts that a British debt was recoverable.
-,&RSH&LL, Ch.-J. There can be no doubt of this fact. The only difficulty is to shew that it requires 20 years after the removal of the impediments, to create the presumaption of payment. It may be a doubt, whether the same time after the removal of the iZpediments, is necessary to raise the presumption, as if the bond had borne date at the time of such removal
-Swann, for defendant, contended that the time between the 19th of April, 1775, and Sept. 1783, being deducted from the age of the bond when put in suit, the residue being about 20 years, and 6 months, should be considered as the lapse of tiiewhich was to induce the presumption that the disability ofthe plaintiff ceased o the ratification of the-treaty of peace. There are no case decided in the superior courts of rlrginia,in which the plea of disability of the plaintiff, as being a British subject, has been allowed since thepeace. The cases cited are county court cases, anado not appear in the record. They are facts which this court cannot notice.
But if we travel out of the record, other cases may be. cited from other counties, in which contrary decisions have taken place. It is a fact that in Fairfax county, where the defendant always resided, British debts could always be recovered since the year 1783. If the cases cited against us are admitted to rebut the presumption, this fact is equally strong, and ought to be admitted to sup.port it.
Lee in reply. Although it was.stipulated by the treaty

DuNI-oP & CV.o.

BALL.

k_

m.

184

SUPUME COURT U. S.

that all legal irnpediments to the recovery of debts should be removed, yet that did nbt p1ter the .existing state of
ihings. The obnoxious, laws remained in full force in
practice. Thefacrwas, that the leal impediments were
not removed. We are not now to consider what the law 6ught to have been, but what it was in.practice. For if the impossibility of recoverin g the debt still remained, it destroyed all presumption arising from the japse of time.

Feb. 28. MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court. The only circumstance which could create a question in this case is, that twenty years had not elapsed, exclusive of the period during which the plaintiffs were under a legal disability to recover, before the action-was brought.

Th e principle, upon NVhich the presumption of payment arises from the lapse of time, is a reasonable principle, and may be rebutted by any facts which destroy the reason of the rule.
'That no presumption could arise during a state of war, in which the plaintiff was an alien enemy, is-too clear to admit of doubt. But it is not so clear that upoh a bond so old as this, the same length of time after the removal of the disability, is necessary to raise the presumption, as would exequired if the bond had borne date at the.time of such removal.
It appears from the decisions 9f the.courts of iZirginia,
:from the pleas in bar...mthe federal ,3ourts, and particularly from the observations of the chancellor of .Vir"nia, in the case cited, that it was the general understan.ding.of the inhabitants of that state, that British debts could not be -recovered: And, uptil the ygar -179, t.re was no .decision of 4dJe-.spperor-qprs..that su . t8bw.ere recoverable,
The only qqestion is, .w eth.r, in case.of n~ol"d debt, the. sme.tirqe-is-reqpe~dltp aj§.thepr.suvmpt..o, as in the case.of:4 debt 4cgrjng .'-e-.le. irqped izngts have been removed.,
In-such.a case it is not easy to. establ]ish a new rule, and

FEBRUARY, 1804.

the court think it best. to adhere to the old decisions, that twenty years must have elapsed exclusive of the period of the plaintiff's disability ; and are of opinion that the cir-

3DULO, & Co. V.

cuit cburt erred in directing the jury that payment *ought k

to be presumed.

The judgment of the court is entered upon the minutes in the following terms:

The court having heard the arguments of counsel, and maturely considered the same, is of opinion (and do adjudge, order, and decree accordingly) that the circuit court erred in instructing the jury " that from the length
of time they were to presume the bond, in the record meitioned, to be satisfied, unless they should find, from the evidence, that interest was paid on the b6nd within twenty years from the 5th of.September 1775, (the time of the last payment) or that a suit or demand was made on said bond within twenty years from the last mentioned time, exclusive, in both'cases, bf five years, five months, and twenty days, taken outl of the act of limitations ;"
there being circumstances in this case which oppose the presumption which woald have arisen from the length of time which has elapsed since the date of the bond.

' And this court doth further adjuge, order, and decree,' that this cause be u'emanded to the said circuit court, to be .theretried, with directiohs that there is no presumption of payment of the said bond, as directed by the said circuit court,

BLAKENEY*v. EVANS.

A SPECIAL action of assumpsit was brought, in the Circuit Court of the district of Columbia, sitting at Alexandria, by Evans against Bleney, upon the following
written agreement

c I will rent of Mr. Evans thirty-one feet of ground ot

"King-street

cbc y one

,
hundred feet deep to a ten feet

"alley, for which lot I will pay him £13, 10, 0, per

"annum in yearly payments, the rent commencing fr9m

"the ist day of November, 1799.

BLAKENEY V.
EVA14S.
If a man a. greas to do
and he does it jointly with another, he is still entitled to recover upot the agreement.

SUPREME" COURT U. S4

HEAD
&AVM. oaY
THE PRovyjDENcE .x.suIZANCE Coa-
PY

sidered by the court that the judgment aforesaid be, for this cause, reversed, and annulled, and that the cause be
remanded to the said circuit court to be again tried, with direction that the testimony, in the said record contamined, does not amount to evidence of a contract concluded between the parties, and that the defendants do pay to the plaintiffs their costs.

LITTLE

ET AL.
V.
BARRI ME

LITTLE ET AL. v. BARREME ET AL.

,T AL. SON

the 2d of December, 1799, the Danishbrigantine

A commander FlyingFish, was capture.d, near the island of Hispaniola, of a ship of by the UnitedStates frigates Boston and GeneralGreene,

w~r of the United States, in

upon suspicion of violating the act of Congress,

usuially

obeying his in. termed the non-intercourse lash, passed on the 9th of

structions February 1799, Vol. 4. p. 244 ; by the 1st section of

fromthe Pre- which it is enacted, "That from and after the first day

sident of the UnitedStates,

of lfarch next no ship or vessel owned, hired or em-

acts at his pe- "ployed, wholly or in part, by any person resident

ril.Ifthose " within the United States,-andwhich shall depart there-

instructions " from, shall be allowed to proceed directly, or from

al' not strictly

o lc

warranted by "any intermediate port or place, to. aiy port or place

law he is an- 1,within the territory of the French republic, or the de-

swerable in " pendencies thereof, or to any place in the West-Indies,

damages to

any person in- or elsewhere under the acknowledged government of

jured by their " France, or shall be employed in any trafc or corn-

execution. "4merce with or for any person, resident within the

The act of the "jurisdiction or under the authority of the French re-

9th of Febrja.

ry, 1799, did public. And if any ship or vessel, in any voyage

not authorise "thereafter commencing, and before her return within'

the seizure up- " the UnitedStates, shall be voluntarily carried or suf-

on the high

seas of any

fered to proceed to any French port or place, as afore-

-essel sailing "said, or shall be employed as aforesaid, contrary to

from a French " the intent hereof, every such ship or vessel, together

port; and the "with her cargo, shall be forfeited; and shall accrue,

orders of the

President of "1the one half to the use of the UnitedStates, and the

the United " other half to the use of any person or persons, citizens

Snotatte"":Sc4obuelsdie, "lof the-UnitedStates, who will inform and prosecnute faor

suc as

." the same ; and shall be liable to be seized, and may

uere, wheth. "be prosecuted and condemned, in any circuit or district er probable "court of the UnitedStates, which shall be holden withcaue will - "in orffr the districtwhere the seizure shallbe made."

cuse from

damages ?

FEBRUARY, 1804

171

And by the 5th gection it is enacted,,

T

hti

SThatit.shall be lawful for the P .-- lent of the Uni-

" ted Stdtes, to give instructions to th, commanders of

" the public armed ships of the United States, to -stop CCAnd examine any ship or vessel of the United States

on the high sea, which there may be reason to susfect

"to be engaged in ai~y traffic or commerce contrary to " the true tenor hereof'; and. if, upon'examination, it

'shall. appear that such ship or vessel is bound or sail-

"ing to any port or- place *vithin the territory of the

"Frenchrepubli'c, or her dependencies, contrary to the-

"intent of this act, it shall be the duty of the comman-

"der of such public armed vessel, to seize eVery such

"ship or vessel engaged in such. illicit commerce, and

"send the same to the nearest port in the United-States;

*"and every such ship or vessel, thus bound or sailing to

"any such port or place, shall, upon due proof -thereof,.

"be liable to the like penalties and forfeitures, as are

*"prov.ided in and by the first s-ction of this act."

LITTLZ ET AL. V.
BARFEME
T AL.

The instructions given in consequence of this section, -bear date the 12th of March, 1799, and are as foUow:

"Sin-Herewithyouwill receive an ctof Congress
"further to suspend the commercial intercourse betwey, "the United States and France, and Wth dependencies "thereof, the whole of which requires your attention. "But it is -thle command of the President, that you con"sider particularly, the ffth section as pari of your.in-
structions, andgovern yourself accordingly.

A proper discharge ofthe important duties enjoined "on you, arising out of this act,,will rbquire the exer-
"cise ofa sound and impartialjudgmeni. You are not "only to do all that in you lies to prevent all intercourse,. "whether direct or circuitous, between' the ports of the "United States and those of France and her dependen-
cies, in cases where the vessels or cargoes are appa"rently, as.-well as really,*American, and-protected by "American papers only; but y6u are to be vigilant that "vessels or cargoes really Amerrican, but covered by
"Danish or other foreign papers, arid bound to, orfromt ' ernch ports, do not escape y, U

LITTL LT AL. V.
BARREME
ST AL. ' 1

SUPREME COURT U. S. " hhVen, ever, on just suspicion,you send a vessel into CC port to be dealt with aeco-ifig to the aforementioned "law, besides sending wijh her all her papers, send all "the evidence vor -:an obtain tt support your suspicions, " and effect her cc&.demnation.

"At the same time that you are thus attentive to fulfil "the objects of the law, you are to be extremely careful "not 4oharrass, or injure the trade of foreign nations "with whom we are at peace, nor thefair trade of our " own citizens."
In the districtcourt of Massachusetts, the vessel and cargo. were ordered to be restored,, without damages or costs. Upon the question of damages, the honourable fudge LowHI, delivered the following opinion.
" This libel is founded on the statutes of the United "States, made to suspend the commercial intercourse "between the UnitedStates and Prance, and the depen"dencies thereof. The libellants not having produced "sufficient proof to bring this vessel and cargo so far "within the' provisions of these statutes as to incur a " forfeiture thereof, the same has been decreed to be
delivered to the claimants.
" The question remaining to be decided is, whether "the claimants are entitled to darhages, which they sug"gest to have arisen to them, or those for whom they " claim, by the capture and detention.
"The facts which appear and are material to this " question are, that the vessel was owned, and hei cargo, "by Samuel Goodman, a Prussianby birth, but now an "inhabifant of the Danish island of St. Thomas ; that "the master was born in, and is now of the same island, * but for several years had been employed in vessels of "citizens of the United States, and sailed olit of our "ports ; that he speaks our language perfectly, in the "accent of an American, and has the appearance of being "one. The mate is a citizen of the United'States,born "here, and having'always continued such. The rest of "the seamen are Englishmen, "Portugueseand Negroes. .The supercargo a Frenchman, The vessel had cairiMd

FEBRUARY, 1804.

a cargo of frovisions and dry-goods from'St. Thomas's "to 7eremie, and Was returning thither, loaded with " coffee, when capiured. That during the chase by the "American frigates, the inaste1 .threw overboard the "log-book, and certain other papers. That there was
"on board a protest.signed .by the master,- supercargo "and several seamen, in which- the'y, declared that the "vessel had been bound from St. Thomas's to Port-au' Prince,-and was compelled by Rigaud'svessels to go " into Yernie, which was false and totally unfounded; "and that after the capture, the master .iiquired of-his "seamen whether they would'sta.nd by him respecting
"this pretence.

LITTLE ETvAL.
BAREM K T L.

"That the statutes of the United States prohibiting "intercourse with France and.its dependencies had been "long before known at St. Thomcw's, and that iR bad "been since a common practice there to cover American .prperty for the purpose of eluding the law.
"If a'war of a common nature had existed betweeni "the UnitedStates and, France, no question would be "made but the false papers found on board, the destruc"tion of the log-book and other papers,'would be a suffi" cient excuse for the capture, detention and consequent "damages. It is only to be considered whether the " same principles as they respect neutrals are to be ap"4 .lied to this case.
" My mind has found much difficulty in settling this " question. It is one altogether new to me, and arises " from the peculiar imperfect war existing at this time "between the United States and France. I bave embra-. "ced an opinion with much diffidence, and am happy' "tha' it may be revised in the superior courts of the " United States.
" On what principles is the right of belligerent powers "to exam'ine neutral yessels, and the duty of neutrals "to furnish their ships with proper papers., and to avoid "-such oiduct as may give cause to suspect they are " other than they pretend to be, 'founded? Do they not "necessarily result from a compromise .of their respec1"tive rights in a state of war ? Neither of the belliger-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LITTLE ET AL.
V.
BAaEM. ET AL.

"ent powers have an original and perfect right to cap"ture the property of neutrals, but they have a right,
c
"unless restrained by treaty, however disgaised or "covered by the aid of neutrais.t It is a, breach of ",neutrality to attempt to defeat this right. The prac"tice of nations, therefore, for many agqs hts been, on "the one hand to exercise, and on the other to.prevent
this examination, and to establish a principle that neu"'tral vessels shall be furnished with the usual docu"ments to prove their neutral state ; shall destroy none "of their papers, nor shall carry false papers, under the
"hazard of being exposed to every inconvenience re"suiting from capture, examination and.detention, ex"cept the eventual condemnation of 'the property ; and "even this, by some writers, has'been held to be lawful, "and enforced by some great maritime powers. Every "maritime nation must be involved in the war on the " side of one or the other of the belligerent powers, but
"from the establishment of these principles. , It is not "the edicts, statutes or regulations of any particular "nation, which confer these rights or impose these dutties. They are the result of common pr.actice, long "existing, often- recognized, and founded on pacific
"principles. Whenever a state of war exists, these
"rights and duties exist.

"It does not appear to"me to be material what is'the "nature of the war, general or limited. Nothing ern "be required of neutrals but to avoid duplicity, Suffi:. "cient notice to neutrals of the existing.state of -hostili"ties is all that is necessary to attach to them the duties, "and to belligerent nati6ns the rights 'resulting from a " state'of war. This notice is given.in different ways,
"by proclamations, heralds, statutes published, and even '.by the mere. existence of hoslilities, for a length oftime.
"As the island of St. Thomas, being a dependency of "a neutral nation, situated near the dependencies of ihe "belligerent power with whom the UnitedStates had "prohibited intercourse, and having had long apd full
"knowledge of the state of things, its inhabitants Were,

t It is believed that there hs been an error in copying this passage.
It is, however, printed verbatim from the transcript of the recQrd.The words to be supplied probably are, "to search for and seize the property of their enemies" tobe interted after the word ",treaty." * '

FEBRUARY, 804."

175

"n .1 conceive, bound not to interfere or attempt to
"defdat the measures taken by -our government in their "limited war. We find, however, that these attempts "have bqen frequent; that' American vessels have, in
"nmany.instances', been covered in that island, and the "trade which our goverhment has interdicted, has been "thus carried on. It behoved, then, those.of its i.nhab"itafits who would avoid the inconveniences of restraint
" to act with openness, and avoid fraud and its appearancep'.

L.ITTLZ VT.
BAInE,3r IT A-

"This construction of the state in which the United "States are, (although I am of opinion that, abstracted-
"ly from other considerations, it would give them the "rights of belligerent powers) places the neutral powers
inno neW predicament, nor imposes the necessity of "any new documents, or other conduct than they were "obliged to from the pre-existing state of war between "most of the great naval powers.

"On the whole I am of opinion that no damages are ".to be paid the claimants for the -capture and detentions "and do so decree, and that each party bear -theirown "costs.)"

*From tbis decree the claimants appealed to the Circuit Court, where it was reversed and 8,504 dollars damages were given.'
The following is the decree of the 'Circuit Court.
"This Court having fully heaid the parties on the "said.appeal, finds the facts stated in the said decree to "be true, and that the said Little had instructions from "the President of tne UnitedStates, on which the action "in the said libel is founded, a copy of which instruc" tions is on file. And it further appearing that the said 1 brigantine and her .cargo were Danish and neutral "property, and that ihe said George Little knew that the "said brig at the-time of the said captiure was bound and "sailing from 7eremie to St. 'homas's, a Danish and "neutral port, and not to any Frenchport-; This court "is of opinion that although Captain Little had a right to .Astop and examine the said brig, in case of suspecting

LITTLrK XT AT..
BARUM F,
XT AL. '_*-

SUPREME COURT U. S.
"her to be engaged in any commerce codtrary to the act " of the 9th of February 1799, yet thathe was not war"ranted by law to capture"and send her to a port of the "United States. That it was at his risque and peril if "the property was neutral; ard that a pr.bable causp 4 to suspect the vessel and cargo American will not, in " such case, excuse a capture and sefiding to pbrt.

'5 It is, therefore, considered, adjudged, and decreed by this court, that the sid decree respecting damages "and costs be, and'it is. hereby reversed, and that the "said claimants recover their damages aud costs."

The damages being assessedby assessors, appointed by the Court, a final sentence was. pronounced, from
which the captors appealed to this Court.

-The cause was argued at December term 1801, by Dexter for the appellants, and by MBPartin and Mfason for the claimants.
February27. "MARSHALL, Chief Justice, how deuveredthe-opinion of the Court.
The Flying-Fiih a-Danish vessel having on board Danish and .neutral property, was captured on the 2d of December 1799, on a voyage from Yeremie to. St. 7thomas's, by the United States frigate Boston, commanded by Captain Little, and brought .into. the port of Boston, where she was libelled as, an American vessel that had violated the 'non-intercouise'law.

The J. ge before whom the cause was fried, directed 'a restoratioh of the vessel and cargo,as neutral property, but refused to award'damages for the capture and detention, because in his opinion, there was probable cause to. suspect the vessel to be American.
On an 4app~al to the circuit court this sentence was, reversed, because the Flying-Fish was on a voyage from, not to, a French port, and was thereforej had she even been an American vessel, not liable to capture'on the high seas.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

1117

During the hostilities between the UnitedStates and .r~nce, an ,cftor the suspension of all intercourse be. tween.the two nations was annually passed. That under
wjiich.the .Flying-Fishwas condemned, declared-every vdssel, owned, hired or employed wholly or in part'by an Ameri an, which 'should be employed in any traffic or .coi~merce with or for any person resident within the jurisdiction. or -under the authority Qf' the Fiechq xepublic, tc be foifeited together with her cargo; the one half to -accrue to -the United States, and'the.other to aity
perspn or persons, citizens of the United States, who will inform.and prosecute for the sa~re.

LITTLZ -. T A.
BqA..r.
ST .4L.

The 5th seation of this act'auithoriso the presideA 6f. the UnitedStates, "toinstruct the commander Qf"qrn ed vesse "' to stop and examine any ship or vessel of'
the United States oh the high se,: which there may Pe
reason to suspect to be 'hgaged' in,ny traffic' 'or -com-merce contrary to the true .tenor of 'the act, and if -ipon examination.it should appear that such ship -orvessel is bound or.sailing to'sny port or place within the .teitory of the French republic or her dependencies, it'is
renddred lawful.to seize such vessel, and.send hr.into the United States for adjudication.

Xt is by no means clear that the president of-the ·
UnitedStates whose high duty it i to '1 take care ih t the laws be faithfully executed,"-and who is commander in chief of the armies and-navies of the .United' ,States, might fiot, without any.sp'ecial authority for ilhat purpose,. in the ihen existing state of things, have empowered the officers commanding the atmed vessels of the United States, to seize and send' into'port 'for adjudication, American"vessels which were forfeited by beiing engaged in this illicit commerce. - But when it is"ob. serve'd that the general clause of the first section of the "act, which declares that such vessels may be seized,-aid
rMay'be prosecuted in any district or circuit coutt, which
shall be holden within or for the district where the seiziire shall 'be made," obviously contemplates a seizure within the Unted States; and that the 5th section gives
a special authority to seize on the high seas, and lim.4s, that -authority to the seizure'of vessels bound or sailing. to a Frenchport, the legislature.seem to have precribed

SUPREM'E COURT U. S.

LTTzL
MT AL.
BARUI ,
ET AL.

that the manner in which this 1.w shall be carried into execution, was to exclude a seizure of any vessel not
bound to a French port. Of consequence, however .strong the circumstances might be, which induced cap. tain Little to suspect the FlyingFish to be an American vessel, they could not excuse the deteiition ofher, since li6 would not have been authorised to detain her had sh4 been really American.

It was so obvious, that if only vessels sailing to a Trench port could be seized on the high seas, that the law would be very ofteri evaded, that thi. act of congress appears to have received a differept construction from the executive of the UnitedStates ; ' construction .much better calculated t'o give it effect.

A copy of this act was transmitted by tfie secretary of the navy, to the. captains of the armed vessels, who Wer6 ordered to'consider the 5th section as a part of their instructions. The same letter contained the fol'lowing clause. " A proper discharge of the imporitant duties enjoined on you, arising out of this act, will require the exercise of a sound and an impartial judgment. You are not only to do'all that in ybu lies, to prevent all intercourse, whether direct or circuitous, between the ,ports of the UnitedStates, and those of Franceor her dependencies, where fthe 'essels -areapparently awell as really American, and -protected by American papers -bnly, but you are to b vigilant that vessels or .cargoes iall ,American,but covered by Daniihor other foreign papers, and bound to orfro'n French portsi do not es-
eape~youe
'These orders given by the executive under the con9truction of the act of congrEss made by the department to ivhich its execution was assigned, enjoin the seizure of .Americanvessels -sailingfrom a Frenchport. Is the officer who obeys them liable for damages sustained by this misconstructin of the act, orwill his orders excuse him ? 'Ifhis instructions afford him no protection, then the law must take its course, and he ,must pay such damages as are legally awarded against him; if they excusd an act not otherwise excusable, it would then be necessary to inquire whether this is a case in which -the probable cause

FEBRUARY, 1804.

179

which existed to induce,%suspicion that the vessel was LITTLz American, would excuse the captor from damages when. ET A.oL.

the vessel appeared in fact to be neutral;

BARtSZ

MT AL.

I confess the first bias of my mind was very strong in -Y' favour of tlw opinion that though the instructions of the executive courd not give a right, they might yet excuse from damages., I-Ivas much inclined to think.that a distinction ought to.bre taken between acts ofbivil and those of milita-
ry officer? ; and between proceedings. within the body of the country andthose.on the high seas. That implicitobe,
dience which military men usually pay tor the orders of
their superiors, which indeed is indispensably necessry' to every military system, appeared to me strongly to im-" ply the priuciple, that those orders, if not to perform a
prohibited act, ought to justify.the person whose genieral. duty it is tq ubey them, arid who is placed by the law§ of his country in a situation which in general requires, that
he should obey them. I'was strongly inclied to think
that where, in consequence of orders from the legitimate authority, a vessel is seized with pure intention, the claim. of the injured party for damages wouldbe against that government from which the orders proceeded, and Would be
a proper subject. for rlegotiation. But I have been convinced that I was mistaken, and I have receded from this. first opinion. I acquiesce in that of my brethren, which is,. that the instructions cannot change the nature of the Oansaction, or legalize an act which without those instructions ;would have been a plain trespass.

"Itbecomes therefore unnecessary! to inquire whether the
probable cause afforded by the conduct of the Flying-Fish to sus. ct her of being an American, would excuse Captain Little from damages for having seized and sent her into port; since had she actually been an American, the seizure would have been unlawful?-.'

Captain Little then must be answerable in damages to the owner of this neutral vessel, and as the account taken
by order of the circuit court is not, objectionable on its face, and has not been excepted to by otncil before the proper tribunal, this court can receive .no objection to it.

There.appears then to be no error in the judgment of the circuit court, and it must be affirmed with costs.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MASON Am)
OTVaS WILLIAM MASON AND OTHERS, LIBEL-

Sitr BLAX-

LANTS. v. SHIP BLAIREAU.

REIM!

"THIS

was a libel for salvage, filed in the district

One third part

of the gross court of the UnitedStates for Marylanddistrict, by the

value of the master, officers. crew, owner, aud freighters of"the Briship and cargo tish merchant-ship The Firm, against the French ship alowed for - e Blaireau, salvage-and

one third of

the sah age

The facts stated in the proceedings and evidence,

decreed to the were as follow.

owners of the

zaving ship

and cargo.

The ship Le Blaireau, Yanies Anquetil, master, on a

If one ofthe voyage from Aartiniquito Bordeaux, laden with sugar,

salvors em n

bezzles partof on the 30th of March, 1803, at 10 o'clock at nigt, in

the goods sa. Lat. 35. 46..N.-Long. 46. west from Paris, wsuxun

ve, rihheoopraeniitssh own by a

64 gun ship, called the St. ulien,

his right to salvaoe.

commanded by FranciscoMondragora,which struck the

A detention at bow ofthe Blaireau,carried away her bowsprit, and cut.

sea to save a water close to the seam of the stem, started three planks

vessel in dis. of the bends, and all above them, and crushed to pieces

dess, is such a

rbar

deviation as the larboard cat-head. Before morning there were three

discharges the and a half feet of water in the hold, and the Spanish

underwriters, commander not' being able to wait for an attempt to re-

St.nd hisown insurer. If a vessel distress is a-
bandoned at
sea by the master and al the crew, ex. cepting one
man, who is

pair the Blaireau, he took her crew and passengers on board his ship, excepting one man, Thomas Toole, anI Irishman,"who could not be found, as it was alleged by the officers and crew of the Blaireauir their protest, but whos was, as he himself alleged, prevented by force. from getting into the first b6at, and afterwards refused to go in the second boat, -being determined to remain on board the Blireau. Took, being thus left alone, cut

left either by away, as he alleged in his libel, the anchors, and the accident or de. bowsprit (which had been left.hanging) to lighten her sign, he is dis- bows, put hey before the wind, and hoisted a signal of

hsgeontrt adistress. In this situation she was, the next day, found a mariner of and'boarded by the ship Firm, bound on a v6yage from that veqsc, and Lisbon to Baltimore. The persons on board of the Firm entt'ed to.sal. were.

" If apprentices
Sare salvors, their masters
are not entitled
to theirhie

Charles Christie, one of the charterers of the ship. William Mason, master.
William Stephenson, mate, shipped at;C4. sterlin&'per month.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

John Falconer, carpenter, Daniel Ross, boatswain,

George Glass, cook,

Samuel Monk, "

M-irtin Burk,

John Brown Hall, m

John Blickford, . mariners,

John Willson, and |

Mark Catlin,

J

Joachim Daysontas, a boy.

John Moat, and I apprenti

John M'Mon, f the Firm

Negro Tom, a slave of the 2.

at &5. 5. 2. 10. 2. 10.
2. 0. 0.
1. 1.0. 'o the owners of
y4r. Ireland.

It. was admitted tha" the ship Firm is about the bur. then of 330 tons, car-'nter's measure, but that 500 tons
can be laden on board 'her; that she is of the value of ten thousand dollars, and is owned by _ohn 7achsonof
London, but charterel to CharlesB. roung and Charles Christie, who had a cargo of salt on board, of the value
of 4000 dollars. The proper complement of men to nivigate the Blaireauwa at least sixteen hanads. She
was a faster sailer thau thL "'rm. They laid to together for two or three days dur'ng the bringing in the Blaireau, for the purpose of taking out part of her cargo,
and rendering assistance from the Firm. The sum of Z2000 sterling was insured u in the Firm to cover her valt, and freight.

MASON &
OTHERS
V. SHIr BLAI-
REA19.
ofthe s:;.1ige, but it shall be paid to the ap. prentices themselcs. The courts of the U. State: have jurisdiction in cbses where all the part;es a;e aliens.

Upon taki . ossession of the Blaireaushe had about four feet of waier in her hold, and could not have swan more than twelve hours longer. There was great risk and peril in taking charge of her. She was brought into the Chesapeake bay after a navigation of nearly three thousand miles, by six persons who went on board of her from the Firm, and the man who was found on hoard. Part of her cargo was taken out to lighten her foarward, and put on hoard the Firm; and part of it
shifted aft. The Blaireauwas navigated by.the people of the Firm without boat or andcors. She was obliged to be pumped in fair weather by all hands every twoi three or four hours, half an hour at a time, and in blowing weather every hour, a quarter of an hour at a time. Her bow was secured by coverings of leather, copper
Hli

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MASON & V.
SHF BLAX-
IMA . 'frequently

and sheet le@Ld nailed on, and pitch and turpentine in. large quantities poured down hot between the planks and
the coveriigs. The labour of working the Blaireauby the men on board was great and *evere, and they had
thought of abandoning her, but fortunately persevered. She was a slight built vessel and constructed without knees, and was very weak. The forestay was gone, and the foremast was secured by passing a large rope through the hawse holes and securing it to the foremast head. It was the opinion of several experienced sea-captains that the bringing in-the Blaireau was a service of great risk and peril; and nearly des'perate, and such as they would not have undertaken.

. The persons who,went on board the Blaireaufrom the
Firm were, Charles Christie, supercargo and one of the charterers of the Firm; William Stevenson, first mate ; John Brown Hall, and John Wilson, seamen; John
Moat, a boy, and Negro Tom.

Afason, the master, and Stevenson, the mate, were the only persons capable of taking an observation and navigating the vessels, or either of them, into port.

A claim was put in by the French consul in behalf of 'the owners of the Blaireau. It appeared in evidence that William Mason, the master of the Firm, had embez-
zled part of the cargo of the Blaireau, to the amount of
at least 1760 dollars and 71 cents.

Onthe 14th of uty, 1803, his honor Judge Wiiehester, made the following*decree :

The counsel for the parties respectively intervening in this cause were heard by the court, and their argument,
together with all and singular the proceedings and testimony in this cause, were by the court maturely consid.
ered:

And it appearing to the court that the circumstances of extreme danger.under which the salvage of the ship B!aireau, and cargo was effected, require a salvage and compensation as liberal as is consistent with precedents and legal principles ; that the danger, labour and service

FEBRUARY, 1804.

243

of the persons actually employed in navigating and bringing in the said ship, greatly exceeded the danger, labour, and service of the persons who remained on board the ship Firm; and that their compensation should exceed,
at the rate of fifty per cent, the conipensation of-those
who re maindd on board the ship Firm ; thatamong the persons on board the Blaireau, the station, trust and -services of William Stevenson and CharleiChristieentitle them to a compensation exceeding that of seamen, at the rate of 50 per cent, and that -the apprentices, cook, and negro slave should not be classed with seamen, nor seamen with the carpenter and second mate, and there not being any general rule by which to settle the propor-
tions of salvage among persons of those different stations, but that the same must depend upon the sound discretion of the court applied to the circumstances of every particular case ;-hat William Mason, captain" of
the said ship Firm, having fraudulently embezzled and secreted, with intent f6 appropriate the same to his own use, lace, and other articles of a large value, which con. stituted a part of the cargo of the said ship Blaireau, is not entitled to any salvage or other compensation ;-
that in strictness the officers and crew are the only sal. vors ; and the owners of the ship F'rm and cargo, as such, can only come in for any share of salvage, upon the consideration of the risk to which their property was exposed ; that upon these principles salvage should be paid to and among the persons entitled thereto, at the
rate of threeflfths of the net proceeds of the sales of the said sflip and cargo ; and that of this sum, one ninth part of the net salvage will be a just and liberal compensation to the owners of that ship and her cargo for any hazard to which their property was exposed.

MASON & u OTHV.ERS
sHIP B.AI-
UZAU.

It is this 14th day of Yuly, 1803, by me, Jq4mes
Winchester, judge of the district court of the United States, for Marylanddistrict, and by the power and au-
thority of this court, ordered, adjudged, and decreed,
that the net amount of sales of the said ship Blaireau, her tackle, apparel, and furniture and cargo, (after deducting the costs in the cause, and the sum of three hun-
dred and eighty-eight dollars, heretofore decreed by consent to Charles Christie for expenses and disburse-
ments relative to the "stid ship Blaireaze and cargo)

SUPREME-COURT U. S.

MAh"r; & OTHERS
SHip BLAX-
REA,.

amounting, as stated by the clerk of this court, to the sum of sixty thousand, two hundred and seventy-two
dollars, andsixty-eight cents, shall be paid, applied and disposed of, to, and among the persons and in the manner following, to wit:

To the owners of the ship Firm and cargo, the sum of four thousandand eighteen dollars andfourteenand three quarter cents, to be divided between them in the pro-
portions of their respective interests agreeably to the
,admitted estimation thereof, to wit:

7 the owners of the ship Firm, for the value of the said ship and freight on eighteen thousand dollars; and,

To the owners of the cargo of the said ship on four thousand dollars.

-To the persons on board the said ship Blaireau, as follows, to.wit:
To William Stevenson' the sum of three thousand, four hundred and three 'dollars, and siity-three and a quarter cents.

To Charles Christie, the sum of three thousand, four hundred and three dollars, and sixty-three and aquar. ter cents.
To Brown Hall, 7ohn Wllson and Thomas Toole,. seamen, each the sum of two thousand, two hudred 6nd sixty-nine dollars, ind eight and three quarter cents.

To 7ohn Moat, an apprentice boy, the sum of eleven hundred and thirty-four dollars and fifty-four and three
quarter cents.

And that there be retained a like sum of eleven hun-
dred and thirty-four dollars and fifty-four and 'three quarter cents in this court, to and for the benefit of such person or persons as may hereafter make title to the same as owner or owners of the said Negro Tom.

To the persons on board the said ship Firmi, as follows, to wit ;

FEBRUARY, 18o.

245

To Yohn Blachford, second mate, the sum of eigh. MASOS' Axt

teen hundred and ninety dollars and ninety and three OTHERS

quarter cents.

S B.PI.AI.

REAU.
To _7ohn Falconer, carpenter, the sum of eighteen 1-um hundred and ninety dollars and ninety and three quarter cents.

To. George Glass, the cook, and 7ohn lIPAfon, an ap. prentice, each the sum of seventeen hundred and fifty.
six dollars, and thirty-six and three quarter cents.

To Daniel Ross, Samuel ZPMonh, Xartin Burk, Milark Catlin, and Yoaclim Daysontas, (sailors df the Firm) the sum of fifteen hundred and twelve dollars, and seventy-t.ree cents each.

That no salvage or Lampensation whatever shall, for the cause above recited, be paid to the said William Mlason, but that the libel in this cause filed, so far as it re.
lates to the claim of the said llfasbn pefsonally andofnly,
shall stand, and the same is hereby dismissed.

And it is by these presents further ordered, adjudged anddecreed, that the residue of the proceeds of the sales aforesaid, shall be deposited in the bank of Baltimore,
in the name of this court, and to the credit of this cause, to the,use and benefit of such person or persons as may in this court make title thereto, as owner or owners of the said ship 81aireau and cargo, or siich person or persons as may be legally authorised by them to receive
the same.

(Signed) JAsES WINCHESTER, yudge .Md. Dist.

From this decree, an appeal to the circuit court was prayed by William Mason, the master of the Firm ; 'by the owner of the Firm; by the claimants of the Blaireau; and by the charterers of the Firm.

Upon the appeal, additional testimony was adduced, it the circuit court, hut it does not seem to affect the principles upon which the rates of salvage ought to be
awarded.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MASON& - On the 27th of December, 1803, the circuit court,

oV.s

held by his honour Yudge Chase, decreed as follows:

SHIP BLAX-
RZAU.
"this

The court having heard the parties on the appeal in
cause, by their counsel, and fully examined the evidence, exhibits and proofs, and maturely considered the same, do o;rder, adjudgeand decree, and it is hereby
ordered, adjudged and decreed by the said court, that the decree of the said district court be and. hereby is in all things affirmed, (and, witl respect to the said Mis.o K0n, with the costs of his appeal) except only so far as .he said decree 6hall herein after, by this decree, be changed or altered.

And it is now further ordered, adjudged and decreed by this court as follows, to wit:

That there be. paid to Yohn y.ackson, of St. PauPgparish,in the county of" Middlesex, in the united-kingdom of GreatBritainand Ireland,(who appears to this cqurt to be the owfier of the ship Firm) the sum of two thou.
sand, eight hundred and seventy dollars,, twelve cents, and eight dimes, on the amount of the value' of the -said ship estimated at the sum of ten thousand dollars.

* Fhat there be paid to Charles Bedford Toung, and Charles Christie,jun. (who appear to.this court to be .the owners of the cargo on board the said.ship Firm)
the sum of one thousand one hundred and forty-eighi dbllars, and five cents on the amount of the value of the. said cargo. estimated at thesum of four thousand dollars.

That there be paid to William Stevenson, the sum of two thousand two hundred and sixty-nine dollars, eight
cents, and nine dimes.

That the salvage roney adjudged by the district
court and aflrmend by this court to be paid to Yohn Moat (Who appeaAs to this court to be an apprentice to the above mned 7ohn Yachson, owner of the ship Firm) be paid by the clerk of this court to the said 7ohn Moat or to hi*. Octor or attorney in fact for the use and ben-
efit of l said 91ohn Moat ; and that the said salvage money beinot paid to the said 7fohn 7achson, or to his

FEBRUARY, 1804;

attorney, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, who shall claim the said salvage money as owner or
master of the said apprentice ; and that the said salvage money remain in court until paid according to this decree.

MAson &-
OTHV.EIs
SHIP BL.-
RIAV.

That the salvage money adjudged by the district court and affirmed by this court to be paid to 7ohn MAon, (who appears to this court to be an apprentice to-the above-named 7ohn .achson) be paid by the clerk
of this court to the said Yohn NMAon, or to his proctqA or attorney in fact, for the use and benefit of the said 7ohn .M'X.on; and that the said salvage money be not
paid to the said ohn 7ackson, or to his attorney, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, who shall claim
the said salvage money as owner or master of the said
apprentice; and that the said salvage money remain in court until paid according to this decree.

That the salvage money adjudged- by the district
court and affirmed by this court to be retained for the
owner of Negro 'Tom, be paid to the Rev. Yohn Ireland; (Iatd of this state, but now of the united kingdom of
GreatBritain and Ireland) who appears-to this court to be the owner of the said Negro Tom, or to the Rev. yoseph G. I. Bend, and Leuwis Atterbury, who appear to this court to be the attorneys in fact of the said Yoh?4 Ireland,and who have expressed in writing to this court, that they, being duly authorised by the said 7ohn Ire. land, will immediately on the receipt of the said salvage money, manumit the said Negro Tom, accordingtothe law of the state of faryiand,and will pay the said Ne.
ro Tom one fifth part of the said salvage money, and ave consented that the same may be-retained by the clerk of this court for the use of the said Negro Tom.

And it is further ordered, adjudgedand decreed, that the appellants (except William Mason) pay no costs in this court on the appeal.

(Signed)

SAMUEL CHASAE.

Upon this judgment separate. writs of error were sted but by William Mason, the master, "Yohn 7achson,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

34Aso1 & the owner, William Stevenson, the mate, Charles Christie oV. RS andCharles B. 2'oung, the 'charterers of the Firm, and Snip BLAX. by the French claimants of the-Blaireau.

y'b

William Mason assigned for error, that no part'of the

salvage was decreed to him for his own use, on account

of his merits and services.

Y ohn .7achson, the owner of the Firm, assigned for error, that he was not allowed a reasonable proportion of salvage ; that the whole sum allowed and decreed to
jhe owner and freighters, ought to have been decreed to him; and that the sums decreed to the two apprentices ought not-to have been ordered to be paid to themselves or their proctor only.

William Stevenson, the mate, assigne. for error, that the share assigned himn was inadequate to his services, merits and situation.

Christie and Toung, the freighters of the Firm, alleged that the .proportion allowed to the owner and freighters of the Firm, was- too small, in proportion to their risk---and that the proportion aiwaded"the freighters, was too small compared with that awarded to the owner.

The case was now argued by Harperfor the owner& of the Blareau, for Christie & Toung and for the apprentices-by Hollings-worth, attorney of the 'UniteC Statesfor 217arylanddistrict,for the libellants generally-.
by Mai-tin, attorney-gefieral of Afaryland, for 7aciison the owner, and Mason the master, of the Firn, and for the owners of the Blareau-.--and by S. Chase,jun. for the owners of the:Blaircau.

As this was the case of a Frenchship saved by a Bri-
tish ship and brought into a jport of the UnitkdStates, a preliminary question was suggestw by Atin,.wheth. er a court of the United States had jurisdiction and could condemii a part as salvage; -le did not mean to urge the point, but he thought it his duty to read some authorities for the consideration of the court. He be-
lieved the question had not been finally settled ; but his

FEBRUARY, 18W.

own opinion was in favour of the jurisdiction. Sir W. MAsON &

Scott, in the case of the Two Friends, 1 Rob. 234. incli-

S

OTHERS V.

ned to the same opinion ; which seems also to'be adopt- Snip BLAIed by Browne in -his View of ihe Civil and Adniiraly A' .

Law, vol. 2. p. 278;

To carry the property saved into the. ports of the saJvor, or ofthe owner of the property, would, in many
cases, be impossible, and in most caies would be attended with great difficulty and inconvenience to the salvors, and would expose the property to risk. There seems to be no good' reason why the question of sa;age which
is a question of the jus gentium, and depending Upon
general principles, should not be decided by the courts
of admiraltv of any civilized nation.

In reply to the doubt suggested respecting.ihejuiis-
diction, it was said by Hoilingsworth, that an admiralty court may .have jurisdiction by submission, where it may be withdrawn by'protest. Here all the parties have submitted themselves to the jurisdiction.

The claimants of the'Blaireau,assigned for error 1sti
that the whole amount of salvage was more -than in equity and good conscience the salvors were entited to, and that it ought not to have exceeded one-third of the value of the ship and cargo.

2d. That Toolehaving been shipped as a marineron board the Blairedu, at certain wages, was not entitled to
salvage.

3d. That William Stevenson ought not to be allowed any part of the salvage money, because he had embezzled a part of the property on board of the Blaireau, and had als,. - ncealed a part with intent to convert it to his own uge.

1. For the Claimants of the Blaireau, it was urged, first, that three-fifths of the value of the ship and cargo was too great a proportion for salvage.

Secondly, that fason's share of the salvage, and the reduction made by the circuit court in the amount of

250

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MAsox &
OTHZRS
V.. Snii BLAZ-
RZAV.

Stevenson's share ought to go to the use of the claimants , and not to the benefit of the other salvors.
TThirdly, that Toole ought not to have salvage.

Fourthly, that the amount of embezzlement over and above what wis.proved upon. Mason, should be deducted out of the general sum alldwed for salvage. -

1st. That the salvage is too high, appears, 1st. from
general usage. 2d. From the principles of reciprocity .tetween the courts of this country and .those of Great Britain. 3d.' From analogy to cases of recapture.

1. As to general usage.

Vessels derelict are Iroits of the admiralty, and kt
these cases the crown is liberal in its reward of the salvors. But where a cliim intervenes, it becomes a question of quantum meruit. A vessel totally abandoned is
in much more danger -than when even one man only is left on board He may hoist a signal. of distress, he may cut away the anchors, or he may even stop a leak. Beawe's Lexi Mer. 158. This then isa case less merito.
rious than that ofderelict. One is a case of liberality, the other ofjustice. et in the case 6f the Aquila, a dere-
lict, 1 Rob. 38, 39. only two-fft s were allowed to the salvors. And in 1 Rob, 263, ii the note, Sir Villiam. Scott declares the liberal principles by which he is gov-. erned in cases of salvage. If then Sir Win. Scott, acting. upon. these principles, allowed but two-fifths in a case of absolute derelict, in a country where it is the national policy to encourage adventurous seamen, and where the very existence of the iiation depends upon its maritime spirit, surely three-fifths is too much to be allowed in a case of simple salvage.

The case of The Beaver, in3 Rob. 23V, was more desperate, and the service more hazardous and merito,; rious than the present, and yet only one-fourth was allowed for salvage.
The lives of those on board of'the Firmwere in very little danger. They were a little to the S. W. of the

FEBRUARY, 180."

251

Azores ; and near the trade-winds. They might have gone to a Frencl isla·nd, or to the Azores without the
least danger. What lazard was there to those on board the Blaireau P They were nineteen days in coinpany with.the Firm. A fact which shews what idea they had of their danger, is, that the Blaireau, being the fastest
sailer, parted from the Firmfor several days, when they
mighthave shortened sail, and kept in her company,

MA&oN
oTHV.-Rs SHx BLAZ.
REAU.

Of late the English courts of admiralty have inclined
to diminish the rate of salvage.' Formerly, one hafws
allowed in England, in cases of derelict. In the time d
Colbert, it was fixed by France at one-third. But iii Englandit has since varied, and now depends upon the particular circumstances of the case ; but in no case has
so high a salvage as three-fifths been allowed. In the case of the William Bechford 3 Rob. 286, one-thirteenth was allowed and in the case of the Franklin, 4 Rob.
147, only one-sixteenth. In cases of recapture, it has been fixed by statute at 'one-sixth, and one-twelfth.. In the case of the Mary Ford, 3 Dal. 188, which was a derelict, only one-thirdwas given for salvage.

2d." The principled of reciprocity will not warrant so large a proportion as three-fifths.
The salvors are British subjects ; and the courts of l ngland adopt the rule of ieciprocity. If no rule has een established by the nation of the salvor, they make a rule.

What is the rule in the English courts ? Two-fifths is the greatest rate of salvage alloWed by them during the last century, and if the salvors had carried the Blai-" reau into their own country, -this is the utmost they would have received. If our citizens should have a case of salvage in their courts, they will not be allo.ed more than two-fifths. Indeed, there is only one case
where so much as one-thirdhas been allowed, and thai
was -a case of derelict,

3d. The principles of analogy to cases of recapture, will not justify so large a proportion for salvage as ha -been decreed by the district court.

SUPREME COURT. U. S.

MASON &
OTES.
SHIP BLAX.
REM.

By the Laws of the UnitedStates, vol. 5. p. 39, 40, ezeighth ohly is all9 wed for recaptures -nhade by i
piblic vessel of the United States, and one-sixth if madL, by a private vessel. The same proportion is also adopted by England. Abbot, 258.

2d. Point. Iason'sshare of the salvage, and the reduction made by the circuit rourt in Stephenson's share, ought to go to the benefit of the owners of the Blaireau. The crime of one-of the- salvors ought. not to enure to the benefit.of the otheis.

3d. Point. Toole is not entitled to salvag

'When seamen save their own vessel, by recapture, or otherwise;, they cannot claim salvage, for the same reason that their wages .arerefused in case of wreck or
capture. To reward them -for saving their vessel from
peril, would.be a'temptation to put her in danger

If Toole had voluntarily remained, on board for the
purpose of indtavouring to 'save thi ve.sel, after sle had been abandoned by all the rest 6f the crew, the case
inlght be different. But his'remaining on board .was'an "involuntary act, and whathe did was with the sole view of saving his own life. When the *Firm approached
him, 'he begged to Ise taken off from the wreck; He did only his duty in continuing on board after there was a chance of saving her. - His services were not merito-
rious, inasmuch as he Was bound to do every thing id, his power to save the vessel, and yet he is put upon a
par with the seamen of the Firm, who were volunteers, and under no'obligation to do any thing towards saving the Blaireau.

While a sailor remains on board, contending with no other enemies than the elements, he is entitled only to his wages. No case can be produced in which he has been-considered as entitled to salvage. Salvage does not consist in being saved, but in saving. Beawe's Lex.
-/fer. 157, 158.

The reason why a seaman shall lose his wages if the 0hip be lost, is, that he may be induced to use his ut-

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

523

most exertions to save it ; and thIs shews thathe is obli-
ged to hazard his life to the utmost for that purpose. And even if he actually loses his life, and the ship is also lost or captured, his representatives cannot recover
his wages. It is upon the same principle that a common carrier is answerable for the whole value of the goods if they are taken from him by superior force of robbers, and even if he should lose his life in their defence.

MASON AND
oTHRS
Sxxp BLA!-
REAU.

When did Toole lose his character of a mariner of that vossel ? It is answered, when the captain and the rest of the crew deserted her. But they could not discharge him from his contract with the owners. They
lose their wages, but Toole does not. The danger may possibly justify them in quitting the vessel; but because he was left alone, he did not cease to be a mariner of the ship. Suppose the rest of the crew had died, or were so sick as to disable them, and Toole had made a signal of distress, by means of which the ship should be
saved ; would that have entitled him to salvage ? The real truth of the case is, that Toole was saved, not a salvor.

The cases cited from 19th VTner, 275, 1 Ld. Raym. 393, and 2 Salk. 654, to rove that mariners are entitled to salvage for saving their own ship, do not warrantf the onclusion attempted to be drawn from them.- The only ,xception to the general rule is the case of rescue. In that case, and that only, it is admitted that the mariners are entitled to salvage. "

4th Point. By comparing the original bill of lading
of the Blaireau with the account of sales, it appeared that there was a deficiency over and above what was
chargeable to the embezzlement of Mason, and, it was contended that as this could not be fixed upon any one
of the salvors, it ought to be a charge against them all. But it did not appear whether a part had not been taken on board of the Spanish ship.

In answer to these arguments in behalf of the owners of the Blaireau, it was said by the counsel for the salvors,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
MASON & 1. .9s to the general rate of salvage; that no fixed OTESS. rate of salvage has yet been adopted in cases of this kind,
s, i BLAIX. but that it depends upon the sound discretion of the REu. court applied to the circumstances of each particular case. 3 Dal. 19.), 191. MeDonough v. The Mary Ford, 3 Rob. 249. "It is a claim upon the general ground of "'quantum meruit, to be governed by a sound discretion, "acting on general principles." 1 Rob. 234, 235. The Two Friend. And in the case of the Sarah, 1 Rob. 263, Sir Wim. Scott thus expresses his opinion. "I do "not think that the exact service performed is the only proper test for the quantum of reward in these cases. "The general interest and security of navigation is a "point towhich the court will also look in fixing the re"ward. It is for the general interest of commerce that "4a considerable reward should be held up; and as ships " are made to pay largely for light-houses, even where " no immediate use is derived from them, from the "gefneral convenience that there should.be permanent "buildings of. that sort provided for all occasions, al"though this or that ship may derive- no benefit Tr'm "them on' this or that particular occasion; so on the 99 same principle it is expedient for the security of na11 vigation, that persons of this description, ready on the "water, and fearless of danger, should be encourage4 " to go out for the assistance of vessels in distress ; and 4' therefore when they are to be paid at all, they should "be paid liberally. It is- on these general considera,. "tions, and not merely to mete out the payment for the " exact service performed in the particular instance, "that the rewards should be apportioned in these cases . " and it is in -this view that I shall always consider " them."
It does n6t depend.upon principles ofrecapture, or of reciprocity ; nor do the prize acts constitute any rule of !ialvage in cases not within those acts. 3 Rob. 249.
There can be no general rate 6f salvage stated when it is acknowledged that the only rule is a sound discretion. A rule which brings all cases to one dead level, can leave no discretion. How can we make'reciprocity the rule, when every case must depend on its own circumstances'? How can we compare dissimilar cases ?

FEBRUARY, 1804.

255

In this case the Blaireauwas in imminent danger.It.is a fact admitted that she could not have swam twelve
hours longer. She must have been totally lost. She was derelict ; abandoned by the captain and all the crew, except Toole, whom they did not know they had left in the vessel. As the) could not find him they supposed he must have fallen overboard. The ordinance of Lewis the 14th, allows one third in cases of wreck. But there can be no wreck., according to that ordinance, if any claimant appears. So that in ,ases like the present, neither Francenor Englandhasany fixed rate of salvage. i Rob. 235. The Two Friends.

MASoN & OTHERS
Sn BLAr. aAM.

None of the cases cited equals the-merit of this.--
Here was a navigation of 3000 miles with" death constantly staring them in the face ; anda great part of the time almost constantly at the pumps"

In the cases of the Aquild, and of the Mary Ford,the two-fifths of the one, and the one-third of the other,
were of the gross value ; but in the present case, the three-fifths awarded, are of the net amount of sales.

It is denied that the rates of salvage have of late been diminished. In the case of the Dutch -East-Indianran at Dunkirk, mentioned in Beawe's Lex. Mer. 158.' onehalfwas given for salvage.

As to Toole, he was abandoned by his cojnmander,
and was therefore discharged from the service ; he was vo longer to be considered as a mariner belonging to, the ship.

No general deduction can be made from the whole amount of salvage for any defalcation if it be not fixed upon any one of the salvors; and in this case the deficiency is so small that it might have been taken on board the Spanish ship.

The next writ of error, was by the Owner and F.reightersof the Firm, who contended that one-ninth part of the whole salvage money was too small a share, in proportion to the risk of the ship, cargo, and freight and the service rendered by the ship.

SUPREME COURT U; S.
MXSON & In the case of the Mdry Ford,3 Dali. 191i two-thitds oTHERS ofthe whole salvage were given to the owners of the
SHIP BLAX- ship George, and in the case of the ship William Btck. REAU. ford, . Rob. 286, 289, fifty pounds were given to the Sowners of the boats.
In the case of the Hase, 1 Rob. 240, one-thirdof the salvage was given to the owner. In 1 Rob. 255, The Amor Parentum, something less than one-fifth of the salvage was given, to the ownet of th6 boat ; and in the case of the San Bernardo, 1 Rob. 151, one-haLf was given to the owner.
In France the rule. is two-thirds to the owners, and one-third'to.the officers and crew ; the same proportioii which was awarded in the case of the Mary Ford. In 2 ralin, d92, Art. .33. of the French. ordinances, the words are, " S ilu'y aucun contrat de socit6, les deux "tiers appartiendront ceux qui auiont fourni le vais"seau avec les munitions et vituailles, et.l'autre aux "officiers, matelots, et soldats," and in his comnrefits upon this article, in page 395, he sayt the same rule is also laid down as to private unarmed vessels.
In behalf of the Freightersof the Firm, it was urged that their proportion of the sum to be allowed to the owner and freighters, ought to be increased, because they became liable to the owner for the freight even if the ship Firm had been lost. The general principle is, that the freight does not become payable if the ship isl lost, unless there has been a deviation by the freighters. But if 'there has been a deviation by the freighters for their benefit, then they become liable for the freight whether the ship arrives or not. There is the same law upon charter-partis as upon polices of insurance. In this case the stopping on the-ocean two days for the purpose of saving the Blaireauwas a deviation, and this was done with the assent of the freighters by Charles Christie, who was one of them, whereby they became the insurers of the freight to Yachson, the owner of the Firm. After the deviation, the whole risk ofthe freight, to the amount of 8000 dollars, fell upon Christie .& roung, and they ought to have salvage in proportion to

FEBRUARY, 1804.

257

that risk ; whereas it has been allowed them only upon the amount.of the cargo valued at 4000 dollars.
In answer to these arguments, it was urged by the counsel for 7achson, the owner of .h Firm, that he clearly risked his ship ; for the underwriters were dis. charged by three circumstances : 1st. By the stopping,* which was a deviation for the benefit of the owners; 2d. By"taking in goods from on board the -Blaireau, and thereby overloading the Firm; and, 3d. by diminishing the number of her crew; both of which last circumstgnces increased the risk and. violated the,warranty of the policy.

MASON S
OTHEaS V. .
SHIP BLAX.
aAxU.

But Yachson, the owner, not only risked his ship, but his freight also ; for if the vessel had, been lost he could not have recovered it: of Christieand2Toung, ihe' freighters. The assent of Christie could not bind his
partner. It would have beeni an act in violation of the partnership. Nor could a patol agreement alter the charter-party, or dissolve the owner from the obligation of his.contract..

,7acsoneven.run the risk of the cargo as well as of the vessel and freight, and therefore ought to have the -
whole share of salvage, allotted to the owner and freighters. For if Mason, who was the master of the vessel, appbinted by 7ackson, the owner, had departed
from the terms of the charter-party, and thereby hazarded the cargo -and it had been lost, 7ackson would have been liable to Christie and oung for the value of the
cargo.

A stopping, if not for the liurpose of the voyage, is a deviation; and it cannot be' barratry when the act is for the benefit of the owlers. To make it barratry it must be a fraud upon the owners. Parl, 83, 1 Post. Dict. 1 Strange, 581, Knight v. Cambridge, Cowper,
iThCeh. Yustie observed, that although it was admitted by coitdhse that the stopping'was a deviation, yet that was'not to be consideried as the 9pinion of the court; it being a point upon which they had great doubt ; for if a stopping to relieve a vessel in distress would discharge the underwriters, no master would be justified in using an exertion to
save a vessel in the most imminent danger of perishing.
Kk

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TXAsOW &
OTHakS
V.
SHIP BLAT-

143, P-aljo v. Wheeler. 1 7. R. 323, Nutt v.Bour. dieu, 2 Str. 1183. Seaman'v. Foneieau, Park. 90, 91, 93. 6 T. R. 379. Moss v.Byrom, Park. 299.

i

.

In reply, it ras said, tba., the maxim is volenti non

ftfnjuria. Christie consented to the act which amount. ed to a deviation, and therefore could maintain no action .against 7fckson grounded upon that .act. The

question is whether the freighters had not, by their owu act, taken the risk of the freight upon themselves. In case of the loss of the vessel and cargo, yackson might
have recovered the freight from Christieand roung, be.
cause they would have been the cause of the loss. There is a difference between an assent to criminal acts, and a mere nercantile assent. It is not- necessary that the
assent should be under seal. It was the act of the freighters, and not a parol contrac', which would have been the ground of Yachson's defence in any action which Christie and oung niight have brought against him for the cargo, in case of a loss ; and which also would have been the ground of his action against them for the freight,

in the like event.

The next writ of error was that broughit by William Mason, the master of the Firm ; in support of which it was alleged that his act of embezzlement ought not to prevetit a decree'in his favour for a share of the sal. vage.

It is not, as has'been suggesied, to reward him for. his crime that he asks a decree in his favour. He has rendered niost important services, and he claims his quantum meruit; a just compensation for his risk and his labour. This court cannot inquire into the fact of his crime. 'Itis sitting here to decide questions upon the law of nations, and has no power to punish him for a crime committed after the service was rendered. He was the master of the ship, and no assistance could have been rendered to the Blaireau without his permaission,
There is no obligation upon salvors to apply to a court of admiralty. If the property saved is in their posseseion, they have a good right to hold it against all the

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

world but the owner; and he cannot recover It from them without tendering reasoniable salvage. The salvor may convert the thing saved to his oivn use, and no one can prevent him but the owner, who may tender reasonable salvage and bring his action of trover.

MAsoN ASZ OTHrRS
StIy BLAI.
REA-.

It would not discharge the owner from the obligation of tendering salvage, to say, that the salvor had converted the thing saved to his own use; afortiori he may take a part for"salvage and it shall be deducted out of his reiisonable share. But even if he took a part with intent to conceal and embezzle it, yet this cannot de-e
prive him of reasonable salvage. The most that can be said is, that after being the sole means of saving the ship and cargo, he did not discover all* the property,but intended to appropriate a part to his own use, not amounting to one half his share of the salvage money.

The service rendered was complete. Whatever I have justly earned upon a quanum meruit is a debt due to me, for which I have a clear legal claim. If I labour for a man, and afterwards commit a crime upon him or his property, this can be no bar to my action for my wages. Suppose I.labour for a man, earn my wages, and
then set upon him and beat him, I am not thereby de. prived of'my wages. Suppose a waggoner employed to carry 100 barrels of flour He carries part, and takes
one barrel to his own use; can he not recover for what he carried .

When it. is necessary to resort to chancery, you must go with clean hands ; but that is because you have not a clear iegal right. The salvor has a clear legal right to retain until salvage is paid. He does not go into a court of admiralty as a court of chancery. He claims a legal debt, a ceftain right.

But Captain Mason's condtict is represented as a crime. However improper his conduct may have been, there is
no law which can punish him criminally for it. When
a man finds, or saves a thing and converts it to his own use, he is not punishable by the law of nations, nor by any municipal law, unless it be by some positive stao tute.

260

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MAsoN & OTHRaS
V.
SHnp BLxj-
REAM.
'him

-But if he has committed a crime he is as liable to punishment after having been deprive d of his salvage as
he was before. It is t6 punish him tivice for the same offence. You first fine him 3000 dollars, and then turn
over to the cQurts of common law to be punished. If he has not committed a crime punishable by law, why do you impose upon him this fine of 3000 dollars ?

This court is sitting here as.a court of admiralty to decide questions arising upon the law of nations, or
upon facts committed on the high seas. But the offence was committed within the body of a county, and therefore this court cannot (even incidentally) holdju-'
risdiction of it.

If a man refuses to give up a thing saved on tender of salvage, the remedy is only. trover or detinue ; and the plaintiff can recover only the value after .deductingrea-
sonable salvage.

If the goods saved are once landed, a court of admi. ralty has no jurisdiction and cannot decree salvage.

The principie that subsequent conduct shall make a man a trespasser ab initio, does not apply to the case of salvage. It is applicable only to those cases where a man has a particular right to go upon property for his
own benefit; not where the entry is for the benefit of
the other part-.

To the*se arguments-in favour of ffason, it was an-
swered, that the principal objection tQ the decree as it relates to him, is the want of jurisdiction because the embezzlement was on land. But this does not appear to be the case. The facts stated induce a presumption
that it was done at sea. But admitting that the embezzlement was on land, the court have'jurisdiction of the principal object,' salvage ; and salvage is'a claim. ofmerit. In order to decide it, the court must judge of the demerit, as well as of the merit of the salvor. It is certainly competent for the court, to ascertain quo anime
lie took the goods on )oard at sea. It is admitted that he could not be indicted for it; or if he could, that this
court could not try it. But if he took them not animo

FEBRUARY, 1804.

salvandIl, but animr ftrand, it is clear upon principles of law as well as policy that he is not entitledto salvage.
Salvage is grounded as' well on the trust which the salvors have taken upon themselves, as on their risk and labour. Should they, after saving the thing, wantonlv destroy it, or even suffer it to be lost by gross negligence, they would make themselves liable to the owner. Hence a duty and trust is imposed upon them by the situation in. which they have placed themselves; and if, regardless .ofthat duty, and in violation of that trust, and of the principles of moral rectittide, they attempt to plunder, to rob, to embezzle the property, they lose the character of salvors and approach towards that of robbers and pirates. In such a case they cease to be meritorious, they forfeit whatever right they miglit have had, and to award them salvage, would be to reward their crimes. They ought not to receive salvage upon that which they did not mean to save for the benefit of the owners, but to appropriate to their own use.

MASON oT.ERS SHir BLAX-
rAV.

Salvage is given upon principles of public policy, to
encourage enterprise, honesty, and humanity ; and the same principles of public policy will refuse it where these are wanting. The interests of society require that the line of distinction should be accurately marked betwee-4 right and wrong, virtue and vice, merit and demeri.]3y the laws of Oleron, if any person shall take any part of the goods from shipwrecked persons, against their will, and without their consent, they shall be exzon.mu-
nicated, and suffer the punishment of thieves. 22 Fin.
Ab. 537.

In reply, it was said by the counsel for MOfaon, that the goods were taken froim the Blaireau into the Firkn, animo
salvandi. It was done openly. They were sent by 17fason from the Blaireau,and taken into the Firm by Stephen-
son, the. mate. It seemed to be the expectation of all that they were savingthe whole fnrthems-lvcs. But their
being mistaken in this respect ought not to prejudice their
claim to reasonable salvage.

The next point -was, whether 7jacihson, the owner of
the Firm, and the master of the apprentices, is not entitledI to receive their shares of the sadvage ; and, in be-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MAsoic &
OTHYS
SHIP vB. 3LAI.
REA. .In

half of the master, it was contended, thiat he is entitled to all the earnings of his apprentices. Harg. Co. Lit. 117". a. Note 1. 6 Mod. 69. Barberv. Dennis. 12 Mkod. 415. 1
Vez. 48. Meriton v. Hornsby. 1 Pez. 83. Hillv. A/len. these cases from Vezey, it was adjudged, that the
master was entitled, even in equity, to prize-money earned by the apprentice, although it was not earned in his regular bisiness.

In' Enland, every owner of a ship is bound by law to
take a certain number of apprentices to the sea. To encourage thk master, the law gives him the whole earnings of the apprentices.

This was not a voluntary act of the apprentices ; they
were bound to obey the orders of the captain. But this is a question between British siubjects, not arising upon the Jis.gentium, .but upon the municipal laWs of'England, which this court, sitting as a court of admiralty, cannot decide.

The decree is, that the money shall be paid to the ap-
prentices only, or their proctors or attornies. But being under age, they cannot appoint a proctor to submit to the jurisdiction of ihis court, nor aft attorney to receive'their share of the salvage.

In answer, it was said in behalf of the apprentices, that the master's right attaches only to those earnings which -flow from their ordinary occupation and industry, and not
t, any %nnggiven as a reward for an extraordinary and voluntary service renderedL When an apprentice goes oui board a privateer, his business is to make prizes; it then becomes his ordinary occupation, and thie master is entitled to his share of prize-money.

Suppose a gentleman riding out in his carriage; his horses take fright, and run away; an apprentice runs out of his master's shop and stops the horses, for which service the gentleman gives him 100 dollars. Can itbe contended:that the master has a right to the money? There is no difference between that case and the present.

In the case of the Beaver, 3 Rob. 239, Sir W. Seott distimguished between the master and his apprentice, and
gave a share expressly to the apprentice.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

In the present case, it was a voluntary act on the part of the apprentices. The captain had no right to compel them to risk thpir lives in this service. It was pot wi·t,hin the
course of their, ordinary business. The cases cited, only shew that the master is entitled to whattthe apprentice earns in the regular course of business, whether it be that to which he was bound, or that in which he chuscs to engage, in derogation of the rights of his master. But
salvage is not a regular business; it is not a matter of contract. A mariner or an apprentice is bound only to do
such duty as appertains to the ship on the voyage. If the master of the apprentices is entitled to their share of the salvage, because they are subject to the orders of the captain, by the same rule he would be entitled to the shares of all the seamen, for they are all equally under the command of the captain.

MASO-M & OTHERS
V. Snxp B'LAX.
REA!..

If the master claims a compensation for the risk of
the loss of the labour of his apprentices, his share of the salvage for such risk, ought to be much less, than the shares awarded to the apprentices, which were founded upon their services, and the hazard of their lives.

In reply, it was said by the counsel for Yackson, the
master of the apprentices, that in the case of the Beaver, Sir William Scott did not decide, whether the mas-
ter was entitled to the share of his apprentice, or not, but left that question to be determined by the laws of the country.

The case of a gratuitous gift is different from that of a right which has accrued, and which can be enforced by law ; and, therefore, the case stated for illustration does not apply.

If the captain has no right to send his seamen to the assistance df a vessel in distress, it can never be in his power to render a service; and he loses all command over those who remain, because they may say, we
were only bound to labour with the assistance of the
others.

March 6th. 31arshall, Chief _ustice, delivered the opinion of the court.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MASON & In this case, a preliminary question has been made,

OTHERS V.

by the counsel for the plaintiffs, which ought not to be

51XP 13LA!.-
RE&u.
u

disregarded. As the parties interested except the owners of the cargo of the Firm, ar6 not Americans, a
doubt ha3 been suggestea, respecting the jurisdiction of the court,.aud upon a reference to authoritie's, the point does -not appear to have been ever settled,. 'lhese
doubts, seem rather founded on the idea, that upon princIples -of general policy, this court' ought not to take cognizance of a case entirelybetween foreigners, than from any positive incapacity to do so. On weighing the considerations drawn from public convenience,.those
in favour 9f the jurisdiction, appear much to overbalance those agat rnit, and'it is the opinion of this court, that, whatqv~r dhbts may exist in a case, where the juritdiction ,ira be "objected to, there ought to be none
where the parties assent to it.
0

TThe previous qxiestion being disposed of, -the court WI1l proceed to consider tlhe several cases, which have grown out.of the libel filed in. the district court.

t'The first to be decided, is that of the captain of the
Tirmi Who, by the sentence of the circuit Ciourt, was declared'to have forfeited his right to salvage, by having embezzled a part of the cargo of the Blaireau.

The' fact 3s not contested, but it is contended that
the embezzlement proved in the cause does not affect the right of the captain to salvage.

The arguments in support of this position shall very
briefly be reviewed. It is insisted that the embezzlement was made, after the vessel was brought into port, and this seems to be considered as ;L circumstance miterial to the influence which the embezzlement ought
to have in the case. So far as respects the fact, the evidence is that the articles were brought on board the Firm, when the Blaireau was found at sea, and the fraud was detected in the port of Baltimore. When the cqncealment took place does not appear, but it
would be straining very hard, to presume that it took .place after arriving in port. It is not however, per-
ceived-that this need be the subject of very minute

FEBRUARY, 1804.

inquiry, since the fact mus4 have occurre" before he parted with the possession acquired by t .;-t, on the merit of which.his claim for salvage is founded.
It is also stated, that this court his no jurisdiction of the crime cQmmitted by the captain, and. cannot notice it even incidentally.

MAsoi; &
OTHZRS
V.
SHIP BLAr-
REAU.

If.it was intended merely to prove, that this court
could not convict captain kason of felony, and punish him for that offence, there certainly could never have been a doubt entertained on the subject; but when it is inferred from thence, that the court can take no no-
tice of the fact, the correctness of the conclihsion is not perceived. It is believed to be universally true, that when a claim of any sort is asserted in court, all those circumstinces which go to defeat the claim, and to show that the pdrson asserting it has not a right to recover, may and ought to be considered. The real
question, therefore, is, whethep the-claim for salvage is affected by the act of embezzlement; and if it is, the incapacity of this court to proceed criminally against the captain, forms no objection to their examining afact, which goes.to the very foundation of his right.

The legal right of the salvors is insisted on, and it is said, that in trovei for the ship and cargo by the owners, salvage would be allowed to those who had rendered the service, and then openly converted them to their
own use.

Yet the jury, trying the action, would determine on
the right to salvage, and would inquire into any fact which went to defeat that right.

WhateOer shape then may be given to the question,
it still resolves itself into the inquiry, whether the embezzlement of part of the cargo, does really inteimingle itself with, and infect the whole transaction in such a manner,'as to destroy any claim founded on it.

The counsel for this plaintiff contend.., that the merits of Captain Mkason as a salvor. are, i imaired by
upon hit:

SUPREME COURT -T. S.

MASo. &
OTHZRS V.
SHP BLAXEAUx.
'salvage

again'st a debt, and the clalvn for salvage is in nature of a debt.
This leads t6an inquiry into the principles bnwhich is dlowed. If the property of an individual
on land le xposed to the greatest peril, -andbe saved by the voluntary exertions of any person whatever; if valuable goods be rescued from a house in flames, at the imiinent hqzard of life by.the salvor, no remuneration in the shape of salvage is allowted. The act is highly Meritorious, and the service is as great as if rendered at.sea. Yet the claim for salvage could not, perhaps, be supported. It is certainly not made. Let precisely the same service, at precisely the same hazard1, be rendered at sea, and a very ample reward will be bestowed in he courts of justice.

If we search for the motives producing this apparent prodigality, in rewarding services rendered at sea, we shall find them in a liberal and enlarged policy. The allowance of a very ample compensation for those ser-
vice,, (one very much exceeding the mere risk encountered, and labour employed in effecting them,) is interfded as an inducement to render them, which 'it is for the
public interests, and for the general interests of humanity, to hold forth to those who naviga.te the ocean. It is perhaps difficult, on any other priihciple, -to account
satisfactorily for the very great difference which is made'between the retribution allowed for services at sea and on land: neither will a fair calculation of the real hazard or labour, be a foundation for such a difference ; nor will the benefit received always account for it.

It a wise and humane policy be among the essential principles, which induce a'continuance in the allowancp of that liberal compensation which is made fcr saving
a vessel at sea, we must at once perceive the. ground on which it ii refused to the person whose conduct ought to be punished instead of being rewarded. That same
policy which is so. very influential, in producing thie very liberal allowances made by wkay of salvage, requires that those allowances should be withheld from persons,
who avail themselves of the opportunity,- furnished

FEBRUARY, 1804.

267

them by the possession -of the property of another, to embezzle that property. While the general interests of society iequire that the most powerful inducements
should be held forth to men, to save life and property about to perish.at sea, they also require that thfose inducements should likewise be held forth-to a fair and upright conduct, with regard to the objects thus pre., served. This would certainly justify the reduction of
the claim, to a bare compensation on the principles of a real quantum, reruit, and the losses irt the cargo, which may be imputed to the captain, would balance t' ot account, if,, as is contended by his counsel, -the court c5uld not, on priniciples generally received, con-
si'der the act of embezzlement as a total forfeitire of
all right to salvage.

MAso-N Aan oTv-.1s
snip BLAZ.
i&.

But the case of a mariner, who forfeits his right to
wages by embezzling any part of the cargo, is precise. ly in point. That case stands on the same principles with this, and is a'full authority for this, since it cannot be denied, that the right to salvage is forfeited by the same act that would forfeit the right to wages.

In the case of. Mr. Stevenson, the fact is not clearly
ascertained. If the embezzlement was fixed upon him,
he as well as the captain ought to forfe it his salvage. But it is not fixed. Yet there are circumstances in the case, which, if he stands acquitted of the charge 'of unfairness, do certainly so implicate him in that of carelessness As to destroy his pretensions to superior compensation, and reduce his claim to a level with that of a common mariner.

The decree of the circuit court, being approved so far as respects Captain Mason and Mr. Stevenson, the
8gneral rate of salvage allowed by that decree, is next to be considered.

There is certainly no positive rule, which governs absolutely the rate of salvage. Yet in fixing it, the common usage of commercial nations, and especially of. those whose subjects are interested in the particular case, ought unquestionably to be regarded. In France,it appears, that a service like that rendered the owners ofthe

268

SUPREME COURT U. 9.

MAsoH &
OTHERS
SHIP BLAZ. RZA.

Bklireau,would have been compensated with one-third of the value of the vessel and cargo. In Eng'landtheprin.
ciple of reciprocity, if not adopted, is much-respected, and to judge from tlxe tenor of their cases on this subject,- it ii. fairly presumable that the salvage which would be allowed in an English court in a case like the presenht, -,would.notgreatly vary from that which appears to be made 'by the ordinances of France.,

This -is unquestionably a' ase of:'great' merit, .'and a
Very li.eral salvage ouglt to be:alo*edL :Ait that al-" 19ed both by the distict and circuit. courts, appears % exceed any sum whichthose.principles, which ought to be resorted to as guides in the case, will .justify.' "Wmongthe various -adjudicatiois of the- couits of admiralty in England,t6 which country the salvors beiong,
no one has been fotind where so large an allowance has been made; and in Frqnce· the nation of the owners of
the property saved, a positive ordinance is understood. to.regulate- this subject, and to fix the salvage at one. third of the gross value of what has been preserved.

Taking the whole subject, into consideration, the
court i; disposed- to reduce the rate of salvage, hnd to allow about two-fifths instead of three-fifths to the sal-
or. --The vessel and cargo will then be really charged,':in conequence of .the savings produced by the forfeiiure of the captain's clim, and the reduction of those of the mate and Mr. Christie,,with not more than one-
third of the groos value of the property.

1i-thq'dstribtton of this sum, the court does not
ent*e"y approvee-the -decree which has been rendered in the circuit cour.

S.Te proportion. allowed the owners of the Firm, and. her cargo, is -not equal to the risk incurred, nor does it
utnish an inducement to the owners of vessels to permit
theik captains to save those found -in distress at sea, in any.degree proportioned to the inducements offered to the-:'ctains and crew.. The same policy ought to ex, tenid.to"all concerned, the sanii rewards for a service desigfied to be encouragevd, and it is surely no reward Sto a mani, made his ov. insurer without his own con-

FEBRUARY, 1804.

gent, to return him very little more than the premium he had advanced.
The common course of decisions, too, has established a very different ratio for the distribution of salvage money, and the court is of opinion, that those decisious are founded on substantial considerations.

MASON & OTHERS V7.
SnIP BLAZREAU.

The owners of the vessel and cargo, in this case, wili
be allowed one-third of the whole amount of salvage decreed, which third is to be divided between them in the proportion established in the district court, it being in our opinion very clear, that the owner of the vessel
continued to risk the freight, after as much as before the assent of Mr. Christie, to the measures necessary
for saving the Blaireau. That assent could only be construed, to charge him with the hazards to be encountered by the cargo, and not to vary the contract respecting the freight.

The proportions established, by the decree of the
circuit court, between those who navigated the Firm, and those who navigated the Blaireau, and between the individuals in each ship, are all approved with this exception. The case exhibits no peculiar merits in Mr. Christie, and therefore, his allowance is not to exceed that of a seaman on board that vessel.

On the rights of Toole and the apprentices, this court entirely concurs in opinion with the district and circuit courts.

There was certainly no individual, who assisted in
bringing in the Blaireau, that contributed so much to her preservation as Toole. Every principle of justice,
nd every feeling of the heart, must arrange itself on the side of his claim.

But it is contended, that the contract he had entered into bound him to continue his endeavours to bring the
vessel into port, and that the principles of general policy, forbid the allowance of salvage to a mariner belonging to the ship which has been preserved.

SUPREME COURT U4 S.

MAPoR &
oTgaZs
SH,.I BLAX. RZAV.
\hhY-.,/

The claims upon him, on the ground of contract, are urged with a very ill grace indeed. It'little becomes those
who devoted him to the waves to set up a title to his further services. The captain, .who was entrusted by the owner with power over the vessel and her crew, had discharged him from all further duty under his contract, as far as any act whatever could discharge him, and it is not for the owner now to revive this abandoned claim.

Those- principles of policy which withhold from the mariners of a ship their wages on her being lost, and
which deny then salvage for saving their ship, however great the p~eril may be, cannot apply to a case like this.There is no danger that a single seaman can be induced or
enabled, by the prospect of the reward given to Tooe, to prevail on the officers and crew of a vessel to abandon her to the mercy of the waves, for the purpose of. entitling the person who remains in her to salvage, if she should be fortunately preserved.

The claim of the master to the salvage allowed his ap. prentices, is ond which the court feels no disposition to support, unless the law of the _;se be clearly with him. The authorities, cited by his counsel, do not come .up to this case. The right of the master to the earnings of his apprentice, in the way of his business, or of any other business which is substituted for'it, is different from a right to his e.xtraordinary earnings which do not interfere with the profits the master may legitimately derive from his service. Of this latter description is salvage. It is an extra beneit, the ieception of which does not deduct from the profits the master is entitled to from his service. But the case cited from Robinson, where salvage was actually decreed to an apprentice, is in point. The counsel does not appear to the court to construe that case correctly, when he says, that it does not determine ihe right as between the master and the apprentice. The fair under standing of the case is, that the money was decreed to the apprentice, and was to be paid for his benefit.
Considering the case strictly on principle, that portion of the salvage allowed ought to be paid to the master, which would compensate him for having risked the future service of his apprentice; but as this would not amount to a very considerable sum, and as a liberal salvage has

FEBRUARY, 1804.

271

already been decreed to the master, this further allowance will nt be made in this case.
Upon these, principles the foll9wing decree is to be entered.

MAsoN &
OTHVE.aS
SHIP Lr REAV.

" This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the circuit court, and was argued by coun-
sel, on consideration whereof this court doth reverse the
sentence of the circuit court, so far as the same is iconsistent with the principles and -opinions herein after
stated=

"This court is of opinion, that too large a proportion
of the net proceeds of the ship Blaireau and her cargo, has been allowed to the salvors, and that 21,400 dollars is
a sufficient retribution for the service performed, which sum is decreed to the claimaiits, except captain .Mason whose rights are forfeited by embezzling a part of the cargo, in full of their demands. In distributing the sum thus allowed, this court is of opinion, 'that the owners of the Firm and her cargo, ought to receive one-third of the whole amount thereof, of which one-third the proportion of the owner of the vessel ought to be to that of the' owner of the cargo, as the value of the yessel and freight is to the value of the cargo-:-that is, as, 18 to 4.

"1It is further the opinion ofthe court that the remain-
ing two-thirds of the salvage allowed, ought to be divided between those who navigated both the Firm and t6e Blaireau, excluding Captain ilason, in the proportions directed I4y the circuit court, with this exception, that the sum to be received by CharlesChristie, is to be the sane with
that teceived by a seaman on board the Blaireau.

"In every thing not contrary to the principles herein contained, the decree of the circuit court is affirmed, and the cause is remanded to the said circuit court to be further
proceeded in, according to the directions given. The parties are to pay their own costs."

FEBRUARY, 1804.

33

ty of Alexahdria,ought to be reversed, and it is hereby
reversed and annulled; and the court proceeding to give such decree as the circuit court ought to have given, doth decree and order that an issue be directed etween the parties, to be tried at the bar of the said
circuit court, in order to ascertain whit was the actual annual value in.specie, or in other money equivalent thereto, of the half acre lot of ground which was conveyed, by the executors of Yohn Alexafider, deceased,
to Abraham Faw, on the 5th day of August 1779, and that in the account between the parties, in order to a final decree, the- representatives of said Phillip -Mfarstelcr be allowed a credit for the rent which has accrued and which remains unpaid, estimating the said annual rent at such sum as the verdict of a jury, to be approved
of by the said circuit c6urt, shall 'ascertain the half acre lot of ground before'mentioned, to have been fairly worth at-the date Of the contract under which the same
is claimedby the said Abraham Faw.

FAw
M .

OGLE V'.

OGLE v. LEE.

LnE.

THIS cause came up to this court, upon a question on If a question, which the opinions. of the judges of the circuit court upon which

were opposed.

It was made a question, whether this court would consider the whole case, sor only the question uporr which the court below divided.
The court were unanimously of opinion, that they could only consider the single question, upon which the jtdges below divided in opinion, but that the parties will not be'precluded from bringing a writ of error, upon the final judgment below; and the -whole cause will then be before the court. A court may at any time reverse an interlocutory decree.

tinion be cer. tciofiuerdt,taontdhhisere
decided, the' parties are not .precudedfrorn a writ of error on the final judgment,
when the whole cause will be before
the court.

The case was.afterwards settled by ihe parties.
I

. PENNING.

TON

PENNINGTON v. COXE..

Cox.

THIS was a feigned issue, between Tench Coxe a cit- k izen of the state of Pennsylvania, and Edward Peniiing- butSrenot sold ton a citizen of the state of New-York, to try the ques- and %at out of

34

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ENNI3NG- tion, whether sugar actually refined, but not sold and

TON V.

sent out of the manufactory, before the 1st of July 1802,

Coxz. y

is liable to any duty to the United States, upon being sent out after that day.

themanufabtory, before the This question arose upon the act of Congress entitled, 1st of uy, " An Act to repeal the Internal Taxes," passed April 6tt 1802, is not

liable to any 1802, VoL 6, p. 58. duty upon be. ing sent out af- The declaration was upon a wager, that the United ter that &by. States were entitled to collect the duty, and stated the

followirig facts. That Pennington was a refiner of su-
gar, within the meaning of the several acts of congress imposing a duty on refined sugars. That he hadrefined
a quantity of sugar between the 31st of .March, and the 1st of 7ulyj 1802, which, if the act for repealing the internal taxes had not been made, would have been liable to a duty, exceeding in the whole, the sum of 2500 dollars.
That he did from day to day, enter in a book or paper kept for that purpose, all the sugar refined by him as
aforesaid, but that he did not, on the 1st of October, 1802, render any account of the sugar which he had so refined,
to any officer of the revenue, nor did he produce to any such officer (though required,) the original book or paper whereon the entyies from day to day, were made as aforesaid, nor did he on the said ist of October, nor at any timle before or since, pay or secure any duties upon the
said quantity of sugar so refined by him as aforesaid, du-
ring the period aforesaid; that the same was not sent out of the manufactory before the 1st of 7uly, 1802, but that the whole had been tince scnt out, viz. on the 30th'of September, 1802. To this declaration therd was a general
demurrer and joinder ; -.nd it was agreed that no advan-
tage should be takhn of -vant of form in the proceedings.

The judgment of the .ircuit court of the district of Pennsylvania,was fbr the plaintiff below, and the defendant brought the writ of error.

- The act imposing-the duty was passed, 9une 5th, 179 , Vol 3, p. 93, and is entitled, " An Act laying certain duties upon snuff and rf.nedsugars"

The 2d section enacts, that from and after the 30th of September, ,1794, "there be levied, collected,andpai,

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

35

9upon all sugar which shall be rtf/ned within the United
1'States, a duty of two cents per pound." The 3d section directs, "'that the du -pa aforesaidshall
"be lkied,. collected.andaccountedfor," by certain officers therein described.

PxNNma.
TON
V. COlE .

The 5th section directs, that ever refiner of sugar, shall make true and exact entry and report in writing,,at the office of 'inspectiofi, of every house or building, where such business shall be carried on, ind every pan or boiler, tog.ther with the capacity of each; and shall also give bond in-the sum of 5000 dollars, with condition that he will enter in a book or paper, to be kept for that purpose, all sugar which he. shall refine, and the quantities from
*day to day ent outof the building, where the same shall have been refined; and sIall on the first day of J7anuary, April, J7uly and October, in each yeai, render a just and .true account of all the refined sugar, which he'shallhave .sent out, from the time of -th last a-count rendered, producing and shewing therewith, the original book or paper, whereon the entries from day to day, to be made as aforesaid, have been made; "and he shall, at the time
"sf rendering each account, pay or secure the duties
"which by this act, ought to be paid upon the refnedu-
" garin the saidaccount mentioned."

By the 7th section, it is enacted, that -everyrefiner of
sugar shall, yearly, being thereunto required by an officer of inspection, make oath, that the accounts, which have been by him rendered, of the quantities of refined sugar by him sent out of the building, have been just and true.

By the loth section it is enacted, "that all snisff and "refined sugar, which shall have been manufacturedor "9made within the United States, in manner aforesaid, " after the said 30th day of September next, whereof the "duties aforesaid, have not been duly paid or secured, "according to -t-he true intent and meaning of this act, "shall upon default being made in the paying or securing *"of the said duties,. be forfeited, and shall and may be "tseized as forfeltid, by any officer of the inspection or "of the customs."
By the l1th section, the refiner >'"the option to pay upon .rendering his accourt "tl duties which shall

36

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Pxi~mia:
TON V.
CoxE.

" thereby appear to be due and payable," with a deduction of six per cent for prompt payment. or to give bond payable in 9 months.
By the I1th ve, -on a drawbtck of the duties, "hereby "id upon suggar refined within the United States," is allowed upon exportation to a foreign port.

But by the 16th section, such. allowance is not to be made, unless the exporter shall make oath that the duties
]nave been paid or secured.

The 20th section declares it shall be lawful to export refined sugar directly from the manufactory, fre.efrom duty.

The 1st section of the repealing Act of April 6, 1802, enacts, " that from and after the 30th day of Yune next, " the internal duties on stills and domestic distiled spirits, " oz refined sugars, licences to retailers, sales dt auction, "carriagcs for the conveyance of persons, and stamped
vellum, parchment and paper, shall be discontinued, C and all acts and parts of acts relative thereto, shall,
"from and after the said 30th day of .7une next, be re"pealed:

"Provided, that for the recov and receipt of such ' duties as shall have accrued, ana on the day aforesaid "2remain outstanding,and for the payment of drawbacks,
"or allowances on the exportation of any of the said "spirits, or sugars legally entitled thereto, andfor the
"recovery and distributionof fines,penalties andforfei. " tu,-es, and the remission thereof, which shall have been. "incurred before and on the saidday, the provisions of "the aforesaid acts, shall remain in full force and virtue."

Ingersoll,for plaintiff in error.

By the repealing act, no duties upon refined sugar, aye to be collected, but such as had accrued, and remained outstanding,on the 30th of .une, 1802. The sugars in question were refined before, but were not sent out until after that day ; and the question is, whether, the duties upon them, had accrued on that day, and then remained
outstanding. We-totend that the duty is to be collected

FEBRUARY, 1804.

only upon sugar, sent out of the building in which it was refind; and to support this construction, we rely upon the g~neral tenor of the act, which imposed the duty. It is a kule. of construction of statutes, that "every act, "upon consideration of all the parts thereof together, is
"the best expositor of itself." 4 Inst. 325. And it is another sound rule, that words distributed into different sections, are to be considered as if all were in one section. By this rule the 5th section of the act of Yune 5th 1794, is to be connected with the 2d. What is gen-
eral in the 2d, is thus restricted and'qualified by the 5th. The 2d section enacts that the duty shall be levied, collect-
ed and paid, upon all sugar refined jn the UnitedStates. If this section stood.alone6, it is admitted, that it would be conclusive against the plaintiff in error. But it is limited by the 5th section, not accidentally, but with a clear
view to collection, and that it might not operate as a tax upon labor, but upon consumption. By this section two
accounts are to be kept; one of the sugar refined,the other of the refined sugar sent out; but the duty is only upon -that contained in the latter.

Pzxslmn
TON
CoZ.

If the words of both sections were incorporated into one, and they are to be construed as if they were,) it would read thus, upon all sugar refined within the UVited States, and .efitout of the building, &c. there shall be levied, collected and paid, a duty of two cents per pound.

The account qf sugar refined, but not sent out, was
intended merely as a check. It was not to be delivered, but shewn, to the officer,. and it's purpose was to enablq him, by comparing the amount refined, with that sent out, and what remained on hand, to estimate the correctness of the account of sugar sent out, upon which alone the duty was chargeable. It was clearly the intention of the legislature, that the duty should be paid upon sugar, only in such circumstances, as would show that the tax would fall upon the consumer, and not 'on the manufacturer.

But it will be contended, that there is a distinction be-
tween lejying, ana collecting. That the duty is levied upon the whole, t s payable only on such as shall be sent out.

But for this distinction. there is not even an intimation in the act of congress;

TENItzG. TON
v. .

SUPREME COURT U. S.
It will be said on the part of the United States, that there is no section but the 2d, which imposes the duty, and by that section it is imposed on all sugar refined.
But why impose a duty, which is not to Le collected?
It is agreed, that the sending out is a pre-requisite to the payment. What use can'there be in imposing a duty upon an article in circumstances which prevent it's collection ?
If the duty arises from the act of refining only, the 5th section might be expunged, and the law would remain the saime. That section is of no use, unless it operates upon the second.
The words "levied, collectedandpaid," in the 2d section, are commensurate, though not of the same meaning. The word "letkied" applies to the act of the legis lature, in imposing the duty. "Collected," refers to the act of the officer. "_Paid," to the act.of' the party. " Levied" means the same as Imposed.
Each verb has the same subject. The same thing is to be levied, collected and paid. Nothing is levied but what is to be collected; nothing collected but what is to be paid ; and nothing is to be paid but on the sugar sent out. Hence no duty id levied but upon sugar sent out
There is no analogy between this duty and that upon goods imported. There the duties are payable on the landing of the goods, and are payable even if the goods are destroyed as soon as landed. In such a case a remission of the duties is matter of favour. But in the case of refined sugar, it is not so. The legislature did not intend that the manufacturer should be the sufferer, The impost laws have no section restricting the general imposition.
The bond to be given. for the duties on sugar, is to be payable in nine months after the time of sending out, not of refIning.
The bond given for impost is payable in 6 months after
inprtation.
Hence, if any analogy exists, the argument derived from

FEBRUARY, 1804.

it is in favour of the -construction that the duty is not imrpose4 until the sugar is sent out.
A duty not.to be paid, is no duty.

Pk mG.
TON
Coxz.

Suppose the refining house.should be burnt, and a quantity of refined sugar destroyed, no duty could be collected upon it. The relation of debtor and creditor had not aris'en between the manufacturer and the United States. The
duty had not accrued.

That it be sent out, is descriptive of the subject matter of the tax. It fixes a certain stage of the business of a manufacturer, at which the duty shall att h. It ascertains
the quality and degree ofrefining, which otherwise might be the subject of much litigation. Sugar may not be fii to send into the market, and yet it maybe strictly said to. be refined.

The penalties ind thi duty must correspbnd; .hdi.-
ty:of the manufacturer cannot exceed the penaky.. The. doctrine ofrelation will not extend to create a-penalty or a forfeiture. The provisions of the' oldlw arb'htjn . by the repealing law, only as to peinlties nd-frfeituies,
"which shall have been incurred before or on the --oth of rune 1802." '.As no penalty or forfuture f6r n6n.payment of the duty could be incurred until after the sugar
was sent ofut, and as the sugar was not sent out until
after the 30th'of une, it isevident no penalty or f6feit-.
ue,as to that.sugar, could "have been incurred btefoie or
on that dayi" This shows that the provisionsof the lar
to'efiibrce the payment of duties on such sugar*were not
continued, "iad is a strong indication of thp will of the egislature thatnone shouldbe paid.

All-the provisions in the act of 1794, subsequent to the 5th section mention the subject of the duty as being sugar refined andsentout. Thus the oath mentioned in the 7th section, is to the truth of the account ofsugarsent out.

The drawback, the. account to be rendered, the tax
to be collected, and the bond for securing the duties, refer o6nly-to such sugar as shall have been sent out.

If there had been no express provision in the repealing act, and the duty had been repealed generally-on the 3Oth.

40

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PZNNI.G-
VoN Cox.

of .une, no duty could have been due on sugars then refined but not sent out. The repealing law creates no ob-
ligation on the refiner to render an account of sugars refined before and sent out after the'30th of 7une. If the duty was levied i4pon all-sugars refined before that day, and payable at any future ildefinite time.when they should be sent out, it would be necessary to keep-an'6fficer in pay as long as a single loaf remained int.he building. All parts Qf the acts were to cease after the 30th of Yune, unless baved by the proviso ; and that relaies only to the recovery and receipt of all such duties as had then accrued and remained outstanding, and such penalties and forfeitures as had then been incurred.

* The question then recurs,.had these duties.accrued, and
were they remaining outstanding on the 30th of Yune P The word "accrued" must mean arisen,due; atleast due at present,:5ay'able hrfiture. But if they were due, the oicet-'b Aa right to call for payment or securi.ty. It canncit ahd to have accrued, until it is to be- paid or secured. But the words " remaining outstanding), are still stronger. "Slall have accruedandrenainoutstanding," .that is,. having bef6re:acqed, shall remain outstanding. These expressiohs" imply'tliat the duties had been fixed
and their amount sc&rtained ; -that th&relation of d.btor and creditor had arisen, and that the duties remained unpaid either through negligence or indulgeice.

The effect of the construction contended for on the pait of the U. S. would be to throw the whole of these duties' upon the refiner, for he could not make a difference in'
price betiveen the sugars refined before, and th6se manu-
factured after the 30th of 7une. This effect would be in direct hostility to the general principle of the legislature which is apparent through the whole act, and which was to tax consumption and not labor.

The proviso in the repealing law, either enacts, or declares. It is evident-that it does not enact-any new regulations, but merely declares the continuance of former provisions. The, remedy given by the former act was only by action, or forfeiture. But no action would lay
nor would any forfeiture be incurred, until-after the su-
gars were sent out, It is a rule, that upon a new -tatute which prescribes a particular remedy, no remedy can be

FPEBRUARY, 1804.

41

taken but that prescribed by the statute. 2 Bur. 1157. Stevens v. Evans.
Butitwillbe objected that the dutiesout'ay A. g, meant only those not bonded, because 'when bonded, the debt is due by bond and not as a duty. But thelaw-is not so; for a de;t due by act of congress is at -least of equal dignty with a debt due 6y bond and cannot be extinguished by it.

Prir, TON
COVi.X. .

Mr. igersollcited 3"Bur. 1341, The Lead Company v. Richardson, tosho* that an act imposing a duty is not to be extended to"other subjects than those extressly de-
scribed.

LLincoklr attorney-geneiialof theJUJ. S. and D)allasfor defend wt in error.

- The whole.question turns on the operation of the re-"

pealing act. If the duty had'accrued and. remained out-

standing on the 30th ofVune, it was' unaffected by the re-

per

"

To show, that the duty accrued on he act of refining
the-sugar, independent-ofthe act of removini'it iheyrelied 1st on the words*and. spirit of the-act of 1794, and 2dly on the o9vious meaningof other acts inparimaateria,

1. The words and #pirtof the act.

Every revenue system consists of three parts.. 1. Th ..

stject of the tax. 2. The time of payment, and.3. The

mode of collection.

"

The act of 1794 discriminates between each"of these, -andthe consthiction mu t not confound theim.

. The subjectf the tax.

The title of the act is genera, "duties on snuff and re-

jined sugar, not on the quantity sold or sent.9 u, but on

the sugar refined,'I

"

-

The 'd section is equally general "uon al sugar which shall be refined within the United St"t.

SUPIAEME COURT U. S.

Pa-zxro- The 3d section directs by what officers the "duties TON aforesaid," shall be collected.
V.

Cox,.

frsi,

SThe 2d isrthe only section which imposes the duty, the

3d provides Ior its collection, and nothing is left for the

object of 1he 5th but to ascertain the time of the payment.

* The 10th section contemplates thb duty as attaching on the act of refining, and subjects the sugar to forfeiture after removal, if the duty shall not have been duly paid or secured.

The subject then is refinedsugar; and the process of refining being complete, the duty accrues.
.Without further provision 'there could be no doubt that all sugar refined between the 30th of September 1794, and the ist of Yuly 1802, would be liable to duty.
Every subsequent provison respecting the time and manner of payment is consistent with this'imposition of the duty. No express transfer is made of the duty from the act of refining to the act of removing; no substitution of the quantity removed for the quantity.refined; no words-restricting the general expression "all sugar,refined within the United States." All -the subsequent clauses respect the payment, not the imposition of the duty.

2. Time of payment.
The duty attaches to the act of refining, but the fund for payment is created by the act ofsale. Hence the 5th gection directs two accounts to be kept, one of the whole quantity refined, the other of such as shdll have been removed; and that at the time of rendering the latter, the refiner "shall pay or secure the duties, which by this act " ought to bepaid, upon the refined sugar in the said'account mentioned." This provision evidently is intended only to ascertain the amount which shall then be payable. The duties payable by this act are on al the sugar refined; ifon allit 6ught in strictness tobe upon every part; butthe United States say we will accept a partial payment in consideration that you have not yet sold the residue of the sugar.- The quarterly account ascertains the amount of this partial payment; while the other regulatims are in-

FEBRUARY, Is04.

4

tended to enable the 6fficer to ascertak the gross quantity refined.
SThe terms of payment.show. how and ufzn the duty shall he 'aid, but do.not affect the'subject of the taxi

PENNiziG.
TON V.
Coxz.

The legislature had power to give, or to refuse a credit; but themodiflication ofthe time or terms ofpayment, does nor.create,and cannot discharhethe obligation to pay.It is but'the common case of deitum inpresenti, volvendm in fiaturo.
By the' Oth section, sugar nay be exported' directly
from .themanufactory" free from duty." This shows hat the duty had attachd but was not to be exacted.

3; The -mode of collection," must conform to thte pri; ra* and secondary objects of the law.--These were, 1st. A revenue from all refined sugats. 2d. Accoinodation in
payment..

*For the primary object, it takes measures to ascedrtain the gross quantity refined. For the secondary object, it takes ineasures to ascertain'the quantity removed in each quarter. For the first, it obliges the manufacturer to enter and-report his house, and implements, with all additions made thereto, under a penalty and forfeiture; and to give a'bond of 5000 dollars, to keep hn account of all sugar refiried, which is to be quarterly produced to the collecting officer.
For the 2d itobliges him to keep; and render.quarterly' to the officer, a -daily atcount of.refined sugar removed, which is to be shbst'ntiated by an oath if required..
Thus all the provisions of the- acti ha'rmonize with each' other; but. by an opposite construction, the duty is mate incident to the time of payment, and not the time of payment incident to the duty. If what a man sells, and not what he 'refines, is the subject of the tax, the provision to ascertain.the gtosi quantity refined, is useless and vexatious.

"'itis true, that the two circumstances of refining'aid removing, are necessary before paynment'can be demand-

.44

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PzxNrqo. TOVN.
Coxr.

ed, or a forfeiture for non-payment incurred; but the obligation to pay is coeval with the act of refining, the du-
ty had then accrued and must remain outstanding, until the removal of the sugar. The two circumstances are distinct in words and in purpose; the one creates the duty, the other fixes the time of payment. To connect them is to amplify, not only the words, but the sense of the legislature; but to .keepthem separate, preserves the intention of the law, in .consistency with its language.

Hypothetical arguments, extreme cases, arid arguments ab inconvenienti, cannot alter the law. Such are the cases of the sugar being destroyed in the house; the necessjity of keeping officers to collect the tax, and the sales of refined sugar, made in contemplation of their being free of duty; &c. If the sugar is destroyed before removal, it is no longer refined sugar; and the duty being attached to the. thing itself, is destroyed with it. The argument drawn from the supposed intention of 'the legislature, to tax consumption, and not Labor, applies only to the collection, not to the imposition of the duty. The .ct of sendingout, does not necessarily import sale. A manufacturer may remove the sugar to his own stores, separate from the manufactory, and would be 1.ble to'. the duty. The.Tegislature did not intend that a sale should. precede the imposition of the tax.
There is a case in 1st .Anstruther 458, (558) in which it was decided, that the duty had-attached on the distillation of spirits, although the building and materials were destroyed before the process was complete.

The words and spirit of the act, are thus reconciled, and they are in unison with the repealing act, which meant to put all the internal.taxes upon the saiiie footing, up to
the 30th of _une. By the 3d section of the latter act,
the owners of stilA, of *nuffmills, the banks, retailers.of wine and spirits, and the owners of 6arriages, are to-pay
the taxes up to that day; and if sugar refiners are to be
excepted, it seems to be an exception without any adequatq reason. The objection which has been raised, that the duty upon sugars refined before and delivered after'
the 30th of 7une, 1802, would fall upon the refiners, canot avail them, because they received the duy upon
sugars refined after the 6th of Yune, 1794, and before

FEBRUARY, 1po4.

45

the 3pth of September in that year, without being ac- PzN~xxm-

countble for it,

TON
Coxr.

2. The coilstructiQn contended.for, is m'vported by C

the obvious meaning of the words of other acts, inpain

materia.

The analogy exists in the terms of imposing the duty; in -the accommodation of credit, and in the security for
collection.

In the following acts, imposing duties on imported articles, the words which create the imposition, are "levied, "c colkcted andpaidf" viz. August 10; 1790, § 1, 7o!. 1,
p. 248, 7une 7, t794, § 1. Vol. 3;p. 108, and Yan. 29,
1795. Polk 3,PO. 154.

In other acts 'the words are " laid,leviedandcollected." viz. March 3, 1-797, § 1 & 3, Vol. 3, p. 397. Yuly 8, 1797, § 1, Vol. 4, p; 35, and ay 13, 1800, §1, Vol 5, p. 201.
In all these acts, the imposition of the tax necessarily precedes the collection ; hence we may infer, that when the legislature used the same words in the act, of 1794, *they intended that the tax should be laid before the time of collection, and that from the time of the imposition, until paid or s'ecured, the duty should be considered as outstanding. An outgtimding dity can mean nothing more than.a duty laid,. but not collected or secured. As to bonded duties, it was not necessary that the pro'visions of the act of 1794, .should be contihlied in force, because, a suit might hve -been maintained on the bond, notwithstandingthe repealI hence it is evident that by the expression," duties which shall have accrued and remain "1outstandin'g," the legislature .could not-mean bonded duties. What is the situation of.the dtitles upon goods imported before bond given? They have attached upon the goods, and remain outstanding. A debt has accrued. The relation of debtor and .creditor has arisen between. the i.mporter and the United States.
There is no diifference.between the case of the refiner of sugar, and the distiller of spirits.. In the latter, the act of distillation, furnishes the'subject of the tax; the removal

PEsifnoV. CXz.
.to

46

SUPREME COURT U. S.

designates the time of payment. Between.the distillation
and removal, the duty remains outstanding. Laws of U.S. Vol. I,p. 301, 310, § 14 & 17. The inspector is
estimate. the gross quantity, by which he is to regulate
the penalty of the bond, but the'conaition is to pay in nine months; the duttes ulpon such part, as shall be removed in three months, from the date of the bond. Had. not the duties accrued when the bond was given ? And yet does not the payment in tact, and in amount, depend on the removal within three months ?

In the case of sales at auction, Laws U. S. Vol. 3, p. 122, the duty accrues at the time of sale, to be paid at the end of the quarter. So in the instance of the carriagetax, Vol. 3,p. 327. Why then should it not attach on the sugar as soon as refined, when in all other cases, it attaches at a period antecedent to the time of payment.

- In the act laying duties upon goods imported, Vol. 1, p.
248, 253,.§ 6, the duties are said to accrue, from th6 time spe6fied for their commencement, not from the time when they were to be paid-or secured, -

Again in the case of sni, the terms and conditions
are the same as in the case ofsugar. By the first section the duty is laid on snuff manufactured for sale; not on sniff soldi and by the 4th section the account of the whole
quantity manufactured is to be exhibited. By a subsequent act (vol. 3, p. 195,) the dutyis'transferred from the snuffto the mill. A license is to'be granted, and a bond given for payment of the annual rate of the tax, in three instalments. This act shows iliat the employment of the
mill, and not the sale of the snuff was the-object of the tax. The first section says that the former duty shall cease on the last day of March, and shall not thenceforth be collected, and theI6th section provides for the recovery
of such duties as shall then have accrued. Yet the snuff then manufactured, although not sent out, in fact, paid the duty; and in law, what could be referred to but snuff
manufactured and not removed? There could be no idea that the repeal of the duty applied to a bond given which had eftingished the duty.

" Upon the whole, then, we find the repealing act perfectl 'correspondent to the -wordsand spiritof the imposing act, and to analagous provisiofis in pari materia.

FEBRUARY, -18C,4

47

The refinier was bound to pay;or secures before removal. Bttt a bond was tantamount to a payment of the
duty; it was a matter of option with the refiner. It released the sugar from a specific lin, o1.iability to forfeiture ; mid it changed the nature of the debt, and the remedy.6 A discontinuance of the duty could not cancel
the bbnd, nor render a provision to recover it necessary. The proviso, therefore, was not more calculated for a bond payment, than for a cash payment. But it is consistent, operative, and necessary, if we suppose the legislature contemplated the recovery and receipt of duties which had
accruedwhen the sugar was redfned, but which according to pre-existing arrangements, must reinain b'utstanding s duties, and which were not to.be paid or secured until
removal of the sugar.

PzxNx-nG TON
vCo.

The duty to be paid, was upon allsi.gar refined. But
the duty on' refnedsugarwas not discntinued until af-" ter the 30th of 7une. The sugar in question was refined sugar before the 30th of 7une. To ezempt it from duty, therefore, is to discontinue the duty kefore the day of the repeaL"

There can be no question as to the remedy; for if the duty had accrued, all .the pre-eiiiting remedies were continued.

If then we consider the words and spirit of the impo-
sing act, the general nature and operation of a revdnue system, the analogy of provisions inparimateria,arid the words and spirit of the repealing. act, Eittle doubt can remain that the legislature meant to impose the 'duty on the
act of refining, "And nbt the act of removing the sugar, and:therefore that the duties upon the sugar in question had accfued and remained outstanding on the .0th of.
yune, 180'

HarperandMartin, in reply.

TVi question has been truly stated to be, at what.time did the duties upon refined sugar accrue ? To..ascertain
this, all the provisions of the imposing act are to be considered in bne view. This is the general rule of construction ofall wiitten instruments, and results from the principle that such instruments aro only the" evidence of tht
Vill of the maker.

PzNlqxlz. TON
COVv. -
Coxa.

.

m

SUPREME COURT U. S.
General expressions may be restricted by other parts of the instrument, or by its general import.
It is true ;hat the 2d section lays a duty upon all sugar which shallbe refined within the UnitedStates, to be levied, collected and paid after the s0th of September, -1794. If no time is fixed for the commencement of an act, it op.erates from the time of passing. -By the strict construction of this section it applies as well to those sugars refined after the passing of the act and before the 30th ofSeptemler, as to those refined after that day. But it is evident from the subsequent provisiois of the act, that such was not the iniention of the legislature.. The act therefore cannot be construed strictly; and resort must be had to the other parts to ascertain its meaning.
If the duty was to be levied upon all sugar refined, the legislature would have directed a bond to be given for the duties on all such. Why shoult an account be rendered, to the officer, of allthe sugat sentout,and notof all reflned?
The general system of the excise laws was to tax, not the means of living, but the consumption of the article.
In respect to the impost, the duties are not due while the goods are in the ship on the passage. The analogy is between goods landed, apd refined sugar sent out. This is the decisive act which evidences that the sugar is for consumption.
The expressions "recovery andreceipt," in the repeal-' irig law, are not applicable to an unascertained duty ;. the term in sukch a'case.would have been collection. In the revenue system this difference is taken.
There -is no analogy to the other cases mentioned, because,the legislature have used different expressions, and therefore it is reasonable to infer that they meant to enact different provisions.
Wherever they meant that the duty should be laid at the time of the manufacture, they have so. expressly dedared.
In the case from "Anstruther, the duty was laid upon whsh, to.em,verbisi and therefore) although the wash

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

49

was destroyed before the process of distillation was complete, "yetthe court decided -thatthe duty had attached.
But here we contend that no-duty is laid upon refined sugar not sent out. The only inference from the case is that the court judged from the general purview of the act; and that is what we contend ought to be done in our case.

PzENNNG.
TON
V.
Coxi.

It is an important consideration that the penalties and forfeitures ipply only to sugar sent out. Hence it may be stroligly inferred that the duty'was laid only on such.

The entry and report of the house, the number and capacity f the pans, boilers,.&c. and the daily aci:ount of sugar refined, were only .provisions-enabling-he officer to check the aecount of the quantity sent out,.

It is said that every revenue system conists of three parts ; the subject of the tax, .he time of payment, and the mode ofcollection.

All these parts would be included in the Sth section, if the words "two cents, per pound" had been introduced. It contains the subject of the tax, and provisions for the collection and payment..

As to the title, it is no part of the law, and is not to be considered in construing -the act. But if it was, it is so general and indefinite, no argument can be derived from it.

The act ought to be construed favourably for the manufacturer.

Penal laws, and laws giving costs, are to be construed strictly.-

Multitudes of cases are to be fontd where general words shall be construed, in favour of him bn whom a penalty is imposed, but never against him.

No argument can: be drawn from the 14th section, because the drawback is allowed only upon sugars which have paid the duty, andno duty is to be paid but upon sugars sent out.

So inthe foth section the forfeiture is only of sugars on
G

F-N
TON
CoxF.

so

SUPREME COURT U. S.

whichthe duty has not been duly paid; but no duty is payible but upon sugar removed.

. But it issaid that the contrary construction harmonizes the system. If the duties are payable upon sugars refined but not removed, why not render an account of those refined, as well as of those sent out'? Wlhy do none of the penalties apply to the former, but all to the latter ?
As to the idea of debitum in present solvendum in futuro; if the sending out is a-condition kecedent, no debt accrues until the sugar has been sent out.
If I am bound to A to piy a"sum when A shall return from Rome, it is not a debt until he has-returned ; and if he never returns it is no debt.
In the case of impost, the duties-accrue at the moment when they become payable. They must be paid or secured when application 'is made for a permit to land them. If they are destroyed before landihg, or application for the - permit, no duties have accrued and none are to be p~id.
With regard to distilled spirits, the bond is to pay the duty upon all such spirits as shall be removed during the next three months. If no spirits are removed during that time, nothing i due upon the bond.
'The duty upon sales at auction, does not accrue until the purchase money is paid. It is a part of the price.
The carriage tax accrues at the time of payment; and.if not duly entered and the duty paid, a penalty is incurred.
As to snuFt, the'construction of the 4th''section of the
act of June.6, 1794, ought to be the same as that of the, 5th section respecting sugar. There has been no legislative construction, or judicial decision, that the duties up6n snuff manufa:ctured after the 3d of March, i795, (the date of the repealing law as to snuff) and before the 30th of Mlfarch (when the dtuty was to cease) and not sent out until after he 30th of March, were payable. The gentlemen have said that those duties have beeh paid; the fact may be so, but that rannot alter the law.

FEBRUARY, '1864

5

As the penaltie" and forfeitures respecting sugars not then sentout, ceased on the 30th of 7une, the legislature must have meant to provide for the recovery and receipt ofsuch duties onlv as could be collected without penalties and forfeitures. These could only be ipon sugar removed before that day.

Pzxnsxx'.
TON
Coxt.

Feb. 22. MAR sHIAtL, Chief Justice, delivered the 9pinion of the Court...

In this case'a single point"is presented to the court. The plaintiff in'error was :a re'finer of sugar, in the city
of Philadelphia, and had a large quantity of refined su . gars in his refinery,. on the 1st of July, 18o2.

In April, 1802, Congress passed an act to repeal the internal taxes. The first section of the repealing .law enacts "that from and after the 30th day of June next, the internal duties," &c.'
To recover the duty on sugars refined 5.efire"th " 30th of June, and sent-out afterwards, this action was brought. The single question is, Whether the duty had then accrued, and was.on tha ,'dayoutetanding? This is admitted on both sides'; 'and tfie repealing law. is to be construed, as if it had passed on the SQth of June, to take effect immediately, and the proviso had. been expressed in words of.the present, tense, thus, "provided, that for the recovery and receipt of such duties as have now accrued, and nowv remain outstanding, the provisions of the aforesaid act'shall'remain in' full force-and virtue."

Had the duty accrued, and was it but'tanding in contemplation of the legislature, on sugars refined bht not sent out of the building in which the operation was p'erformed?

The solution of this question depends on the construction of the act by which the duty was imposed,

This act passed in June 1794, and is entitled "an act laying certain Iluties on snuff and refined sugars." -The first s 'ction imposes a duty on snuff, which shall be inanufactured after the 30th of September then next ensuing, and the second section is in these words, " And be it further enacted, that from and after the
said 30th da:" of September next, there be levied, col-

P u-o"
TON
Coxz.

SUPREME- COURT U. S.
lected andpaidupon all sugar which shall be refined within the United States, a duty of two cents per
p9und.
The fourth'section of the act contains provisions respecting the duty on snuff, and the fifth-section, after making several regulations requiring the refiner of sugars to report the building and utensils to be employed in the manufacture, and to give bond with condition that he shall keep books in which he shall enter daily the sugars refined, as well 'as those sent out, proceeds -to enact, " that he shall on the 1st, day of 7anuaru, April, Yuly, and October, in each year, render.a just and true account- of all the refined sugar, wvhich he or she shall have sent out, or caused, or procuted to be sent out, from the first time of his, or her entry and 'report aforesaid, until the day which shall first ensue, of the days above mentioned, for the rendering of such account, .and thenceforth- successively, from the time when such accovint ought to. have been, and up to-which it shail have been last rendered, until.the day next. thereafter, of the days above mentioned, for the "rendering of siuch acc6int; prodticing and showing therewith the original b6ok or paper", whereon the eotties, from day to day, to be made as aforesaid, have been made : and he or she shall, at the time of rendering cach.account, pay or secure the duties, which by this .act ought to be paid upon the refined sugar in the said account mentioned."
Other sectionrs. ofthis. act.have been relied on by the counsel on both sides, and the phraseology 6f the law, in other acts said to be inparimateriahas been brought into view. They have'not been unnoticed by the court in forming the opinion now to be 'delivered; but as the case depends principally on the just constructibn of the sections which have been quoteO, those sections only ?re stated for the present,
That a law is the best expositor of itself, that every part of an act is to be taken into view, for the pur-' pose of.discovering th6 mind of thd'legislature; and that the details of one part may contain regulations restricting the extent of general expressions used in another part of the same act, are among those plain rules lWd 'down by common sense for the exposition of statutes

FEBRUARY, 1804.

.5S

which have been uniformly acknowledged, If by the
application of these rules it shall appear, that the duty on refined sugars did "accrue, and was outstanding"
before the article was sent out of the building, then the
refiner is unquestionably liable to pay it, notwithstanding 'the repeal of the law by which it was imposed.

PzwIqNG-
o co;z.

To support the proposition, that the duty did accrue, 'the words of the second section of the- act for imposing it, have been relied on. These words are, "that from and aftgr the 30th day of September next, there be levied, collected andpaidupon all sugar which shall be' refined witiin the United states, a duty of two cents per pound." These words, it is said, contain an express
charge upon all the sugars to be refined within theUnited States.

It is admitted by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, that such would be the operation of the section if unex'plained, and not restrained by other parts of tl~jaw.

In order to determine the.influence which. othersec. .tions musi necessarily have on this, it is.proper to ascertain with'precis 9n the import of the words which have been stated.

There shall be levied, collected and p5aid," &c. Each of these words, implies a charge upon the ard .cle, and if either of them had been used singly, no; doiubt could have been entertained that the article-
would have been burthened with the tax. They' present to the mind distinct ideas, and when used together seem to designate distinct actions required by-the law.

It would not, perhaps, be.- assuming more" ihan is warranted. to say, that either of them exclusively imports the creation and imposition of -the uty. ' The word levy is selected fobi this purpose; and yet, in the succeeding.section, the.term is again used with -areference to that now under consideration, apd very pIainly
designates the duty of the officer,'not the operation of the.act. The words of the third section are, "that the duties aforesaid shall be levied, colleced and ac-
counted for bythe same officers," &c. The meaning.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PENNING.
TON V.
CoxE.
.tion

of the term in this section is by no means equivocal, and there does not appear sufficient ground for saying,

that it was used by the legislature in the preceding sec-

in a different sense. Unquestionably the requisi-

tion that a duty shall be levied, collected or paid, im-

plies the existence of that duty: it seems to be as clear-

ly implied by the one term as by the other. But, how-

ever, this may be, they act on the same subject and at

the -same time. The object of each verb is precisely the

same. " There shall- be levied"-on what? On " all

xsugars to be refined within the United States." - There

shall be " collected and paid"-from and on what? ".all sugars to be refined within the United States." It

has then' been very correctly said, that these words,

though not synonimous, are certainly as they stand iV

the sentence, co-extensive in their operation. They

reach and embrace the sami article at the same time.

If then the other parts of the act demonstrate, that the

words collected and paid, have not for their object all--

sugars to be refined,, this section is necessarily restrain-

d in!its ptperati6n- by those which fo11w-and designate

more-paticularly what ig in the first instance expressed

in general terms.

' ,

- ::

--

That such-is the real effedt of the law is acknowledged. It is -admitted by the co~unsel for the defendant in error, that the duties are not to be collected and paid on all sugars to be refined, ,but on all sugars to be refined and sent out of the building. It follows then, that the, general terms of the second section were intended, by the legislature to be, understood, in like manner, as-if their intent had been expressly qualified, by adding the words " according to the, regulations herein after prescribed ;" or other..#Wr.ds of similar import.

But admiting this view of the case to be correct, the

great difficulty remains to be solved. It is. contended

by the defendant imposes

in error,

that

the

fifth section

neither

a duty, nor :restrains to a more limited object

the duty which was before imposed, and. that its only

effect is to prescribe the time of payment-that the

duty on the article, taking the two sections together,

constitutes apresent debt to be paidinfuture.

On the other hand the plaintiff in error insists that

FEBRUARY, 1a04.

55.

the general terms of the second .section, are defined Pzi;Nc. and restricted by the fifth, as well with respect to the To2
object of the tax i as to the time of its collectionandpaj. C0v. WMt.

The court has felt great difficulty on this point. It isone on which the most co-rect minds may form op.
posite opinions, without exciting surprise; After the most attentive examination of the laws and the arguments of counsel, a judgment has at length been forined, differing from that rendeged in the circuit-court..

*The object of the act imposing the.du'ty bemngrevnue, and not to discourage manufactures, it is reason bleto suppose that the attention of the legislature would be'devotedto the article inthat state in whic it Was designed to" be productive of reveinuew There could b6 no.motive' for imposing a duty never to be coHLcted,, or-for imposing it on the article in-that condition, in which it
might remain foreveii without yielding. ILcent to the treasury. The duty not being progressive, but complete in the instant of its coinmencement, being one entire hing, no purpose was-to be effected by charging it on an object, from which it was not afterwards to be
drawn.

If therefore, we find' the whole attention of the legislature. directed to the article.in one state, 'iwfe find
t productive only in one state, there is no.reason for supposing, dnless the words require that construction;: that the duty was iiposed upon it in a different state.

All those provisions of the act, which are calculated
to bring the money arising from this tax, into the treasury, or to create any liability in the person who is.to pay it, apply exclusively to sugars:sent out of the building.

Of those sugars only is an account to be renderecd; on those only are the duties to be paid or secured. It can scarcely be imagined that the legislature, .if imposing a duty on all sugars refined, should entirely neglect to take any means whatever, to secure the collection of that duty, and should postpone. those means until a subsequent evept should happen, which might-never
occur.

56

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PE.NING- It is argued by the counsel for the defendant in error, TON that the happening of this event was certain, and that

COXE.

it was unnecessary for the legislature to perform any Sact which might occasion it, because the interest of the
refiner, was a sure pledge for his sending-out the sugars
he had refined.

This is true, but the argument is not less strong
when urged to prove, that the legislature might rely on this interest to produce .the state of things, which would create the charge. If this interest was relied upon, for the fact on which a: duty should become payable, it
might well be relied upon to produce the fapt on which the article should be chargeable with the duty ; and it is
uiquestionably in the common course of legislative proceedings on the subject of revenue. .to obtain security -forthe payment 'of duties, at the first conivenient time after they shall have accrued.

If, as is contended for the defendant in error, the act of refining the sugar, creates a debt.to be paid When sent out of th.e building,- t4en the refiner becomes immediately the debtor of the government, and his situation by sending out the sugar, is changed in no .other respect whatever, than that the debt before created does by. that fact becom6 pay~a1le. The position to be proved is that A, the refiner of sugars, becomes the debtor of the United States, to the full "mount of. the sugars refined, which debt does not accrue but only becomes
payable on the fact of their being sent out of the build-
ing.

Let this proposition be examined.

If A Becomes the dbtor by the mere act of refining, then he remains te "debtor'untilhe shall be legally dis.charged. Suppose him to pait with his manufactory
and his capital stock, there being at the time of transfer
a quantity of refined sugars in- the building, which pass with it- to the purchaser. If, by the act of refioing, A became -the dktor of the gdvernment, which debt became payable whenever the sugars should !e sent.-but -of the building, then A would remain the,
debtor-notwithstanding his sale, and would be liable for

FEBRUARY, 184.

those duties, if the purchaser should send them out without rendering any account of them, or securing their payment.

Pzr xxx -. TOM
V.
Cox.

Yet this construction would be admitted to.conflict with the obvious meaning of the law. Not only the person who sends out the sugars, is to account and pay for them, but if he fails to do so, the consequences of his failure fall entirely on himself. The sbgar.is forfeited, and if lost to the purchaser, his recourse could only.be against the person from whom he purchased.

But let itbe supposed, that A sends outhis sugars and parts with his building, before the day bn which the account is to be rendered, and the duties paid or secured. Who then would be the debtor of the'government? Who in that case would be liable for the duties that had thus accrued? It is believed that only one answer could be given to this question. The person who sent out the sugars, .would unquestionably be liable for the *duties on them, and if they should be seized for the non-payment ofthemthe purchaser would have recourse to him for compensation.

If,these positions be correct, it would seem to be a plain and necessary deduction from them, "thit the fact of sendingout the suegrs, not the fact 6f refining them, created the debt, and that the perion sendink them out became the debtor.

It has been argued that the pr6viion of the 5th section, which requires .a daily entry to be made on the books, of the quantity of sugars refined, evidences an intention in the legislature, to impose a tax on the ar-" ticle immediately. But this argument did not appear to
bh-much relied on, and it is too apparent that the regulations of the 5th section ivere designed to furnish the means of 'detecting any fraud which might be attempted, in the account of sugars sent out of the building, to require that the court should employ any time in demonstrating the correctness-of that construction.

The argument drawn from the 3d section, "which uses the expression "the duties aforesaid," does not

58

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Psn-;N!No-
TON
V. Cox,.
m

appear to operate more in favour of the construction
contended fr by the counsel for the defendant in error. The section is employed not in designating the tax to be collected, but the person to collect it, and the words have the same import, as if instead of "the duties afore3aid," the language had been changed and the words, "the duties imposed by this act" had been used.

The sections respecting drawbacks have been relied on by"both plaintiff and defendant, as completely supporting his own construction of the act, but the court can perceive nothing in those sections in any degree af-
fecting the case.

It has been stated by both-parties, that all the revenue acts of the United States, may be consideredt as in pari nzateria, as forming one connected system, and therefore to be compared together, when any one of them is to be construed.

In pursuance of this doctrine they have been resorted to by the defendant .inerror, to show that the terms
used in the 2d section of the act undercon sideratioff are such as in all those acts import the impqsition of a duty.

This is not questioned. It isnot denied that a.tax -is imposed,. nor would this have bien denied if two of the three words Used in the ict had been omitted. It is the general phraseology of laws enacted 1r6r the purpose of raising money, but to reason by way of analogy, from the acts quoted to that under, considerati6n, itwould be necessary to show, that these general terms had been construed to be more exteiisive than the particular regulations, which follow for the purpose of carrying them into execution. It is not recollected that this has been attempted.
It has bien argued that the duty on spirits of the home manufactory, is laid on their distillation, not on their removal, and that the legislature must therefore be presumed also, to have imposed the duty on sugars, on the act of refining them, and not on the act of removal.

FEBRUARY, l84.

59,

But the force of this argument is not admitted. Those political motives Which induce the legislaure to select objects ofrevenue andto tax them under particular
circumstances, arc not for judicial consideration. Where the legislature distinguishes between different objects, and in 'imposing a duty on them evidences a
will to charge them in different situations, .'it is not for the courts to beat down.these distinctions on tlie. allegation that they are capriciously made, and therefore to be disregarded. It is the duty of the court to disco-
ver the intention of the legislature, and to respect that intention. Where the provisions of two acts are so unlike.each other, that the comparison exhibits only
a contrast,'instead of saying that their opposing re-
Ilations were designed to be similar, it would seem much more reasonable to say that the One act exhibits a legislative mind materially variant in the particulars
where the difference exists from what is -exhibited by
the other.

PENNING. ToN
CoX,.

Every re'gulation of the act imposing a duty on spirits distilled within the United-States, respects exclusively the. time of '-distillation, 'and they are all essentially variant'frbm the regulations of the act imposing aduty on snuff and refined sugars.

The duty on spirits'is to be paid or secured previous to their removal. That on sugars is noi to be paid or secured until after their removal.

The credit for the'duties on distilled spirits is allow-
ed from the date of a bond, to be quarter annually given for all the 'spirits distilled whether removed 'or not, so that the credit is as near as possible from -the date"of distillation.

The .credit for the duties on iefined sugars is allowed from the date of a bond quarter annually given for all the sugars removed from the building, sothat .the credit is as near as possible from the date of the removal,

Spirits having a duty imposed on them at the time
of distillation are liable to seizure and. confiscation if removed without paying or securing the dutv.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PE-vN.o
CoxE -.j.i- r

Sugars not being liable for the duty till removed are not seizable nor confiscable unless the refiner, after removal, shall have failed to pay or secure the duties which became payable at a given day after their removal.

With respect to country stillq, the tax is laid on the capacity of the still, and is to be paid without regard to the qluantity distilled, but if this tax should become oppressive it may be discharged by paying the duty on the quahtity actually distilled. In this case no respect whatever is paid to the removal of the spirits. Their
distillation alone attracts the attention of the legislature.

With respect to all refined sugars no duty can ever be demanded, unless the demand be predicated on the fact of removal.
Sp*rits being chargeable with the duty when distilled cannot be removed without a permit.

Sugars being only chargeable when sent out may be removed at the will of the refiner.

It is going very far indeed to argue a sameness of intention from these dissimilar regulations. The court thinks it much more correct to say that the intention of
the legislature with respect to these different objects was entirely different, and that .n the case of spirits the duty was imposed on the distillation, while in the case of sugars the duty was imposed on the removal.

It is not improbable that Lhe difference in the progress made in the two pursuits, and the greater degree of forbearance required by the one than by the other;
or that the difference in the facility with which frauds
might be practised in the two cases, might occasion this apparent difference in the time of imposing the duty on
the article. But this, it is repeated, is a legislative not a.!udicial inquiry and, if the difference exists, it must be respected, whatever may be the motives which produced it.

Some arguments have been drawn from the repealing law which have too much weight to be unnoticed.

FEBRUARY, 1.804.

It has been said that the provisions intended as a guard, to prevent frauds in the collection of duties on
sugars sent out of the buirding, are dispensed with so far as respects sugars refined before the 30th of june, but sent out after that day, and from thence it is argued that the legislature could not have supposed sugars under such circumstances to be liable to a duty. The
weight of this argument if supported by the fact, is so apparent that the counsel for the defendant in error, controverts the fact itself, and not the inference drawn from that fact, if it be correctly stated.

Pzxco
TON
Cox.
%

It is- and must be admitted, that the first part of the first section of the repealing law does away any forfeiture which was to be produced by the future operation of the act repealed. If therefore such forfeiture is retained, it must'be by virtue of the saving in the subsequent part of the section. That'saving clause is in
these words,. " Provided, &c." It is contended that .the foifeiture of sugars sent out after the 30th of /une 1802, and refined before that period, is preserved by this proviso.

But this construction is deemed totally and clearly inadmissible. The-forfeitu'e of the thing is not the re-
covery and receipt of a duty, but a punishment for the non-payment of it, and is never to be protected by a proviso extending only to remedies given for the recovery of the duty itself.' To render this point still more clear, the proviso in express terms comprises fines,.
penalties and forfeitures incurred before the 30th. of June. .It is impossible to suppose they would not have
deemed it equally necessary, to provide expressly for the preservation of those -which might afterwards be incurred, if it was contemplated that the state of things introduced by the act ad-mitted of such subsequent forfeitures.

The force of this argument therefore remains undi. minished.

It has very properly been observed at the bar, that it was most apparently the object of the legislature through their whole system of imposts duties and ex,-

PFXXINGco.
CoxV.
'sugars

SUPREME COURT U. S.
cises to tax. expense and not industry, and that, in the particular case of the duty now in question, this intent is manifested with peculiar plainaess. The refiner of
never hazards the payment of the duty himself, I-ecause he is never to pay it until they are presumed to be sold, by being sent out of the building in which they have been refined. In most other cases it has b:en deemed sufficient to secure this object by a credit, which will allow time for the sale of the article, -after which the duty must be paid whether the article be sold or not. But in the case of refined sugars, the refiner never can be liable for the duty, but on a fact which is considered, and properly considered, as evidencing a -sale, after which a credit for the collection of the duty is s ill al. lowed him. With respect to the refiner of sugars, then, it must, on an inspection of vie act, emphatically be said, that the legislature designed him to collect the duty from the consumer, but never to pay it from the manufacture ; that the tax should infallibly be imposed on expense, and never on labour. If this proposition be true it furnishes an additional argumentin favour of that construction which is believed to be correct.

If the duty is payable on sugars refined" before the 30th of rune 1802, whenever they may be sent out, that duty will, fall on the refiner himself, because sugars
refined before the 30th of Yfuhe, must come into the market at the same price with those refined afterwards and cannot sell, in consideration of the duty with which they are burthened, at a higher price than sugars admitted not to be chargeable with that duty. S6 far as this effect would be produced by the repealing law, it would occasion an oppression which the enacting law has manifested a particular solicitude to avoid.

This effect, it is said, is produced in the case of those distilled spirits which are subjected to a duty on the quantity distilled or removed, and therefore the refiner of sugars ought -to be considered as receiving the same
measure.,

But it has already been shown that a difference is
inade in the first creation of the tax between the distiller and'the refiner; and the same difference may be 13ercelved throughout. But if they were viewed w;th

FEBRUARY, 1804.
precisely the same degree of favor, yet'there is a dif.. -ENzxxc.. ference between relinquishing a r·ight which was corn- TVo. 3 plete, when the law under which it accrued ceased to COXE. operate, and one depending on a fact afterwards to hap- k pen.
The argument .which controverts the proposition, that the legislature designed in no instance to. subjedt the refiner of sugars to the tax on the article till a sale should take place, is founded on the circumstance, that the refiner may be-himself a retailer, and mar removehis. sugars"from the building to his retail. store, and thus become liable for the tax before the sale.
But'the fallacy of this argument is immediately detected. A erson acting in two distinct characters must in manj respects be considered as two 'distinct persons. The refiner who is in a different place the retailer of sugars, must be considered as selling them. from the manufactory, when'he sends them out of it to his retail store. The law contemplates the fact exactly in the same manner, and must give to it the same effect as if they had been sent to the. retail store of a different person and considers them as sold.
It has also been contended, that the proviso in the act would be unnecessary, and absolutely inoperative, unless it be construed to apply to the duties on thi sugars remaining in the building on the 30th of .7une. 'Those duties which were bonded, cannot, it is said, be the: object of the proviso, because they, in contemplation of law, are not outstanding: they are' paid by. the bond given by the debtor, and there remains only the duty on sugars not sent out, which is outstanding, and is to be preserved by this part of the act.
It requires but a very slight attention to the subject, to perceive that this argument is not entitled to. the weight which has been attributed'to it.
.The act imposilg the duty, does in terms speak of its being*bonded in contradistinction to its being paid. The duty is either to be paid, or secured by bond. To say then, that a duty secured by bond was not outstanding in contemplation of the legislature, but was paid, would be to violate the very words of the act.

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

PENNING;TON V.
COXE.

In addition to this circumstance, it ought to be observed, that the repeal takes effect at the close of the
30th of 7une, and the law has no existence on the 1st of Yuly. Yet the duties on sugars sent out during the
last quartcr are to be secured or paid on the 1st of Yuly. All admit that there was no disposition to relinquish these duties. Of consequence, if the proviso could be necsary in any possible construction of the law, it was
necessary in this case.

After the most attentive consideration of the acts of Congress and the itrguments-of counsel, the court is of
opinion, that the duties on refined sugars remaining in the building on the 1st of 7uly, 1802, had not then accrued and were not then outstanding. Thejuidgment of the circuit court, which was in favour of the plaintiff elow, must therefore be reversed, and judgment ren-
dered for the plaintiff in error.

ALEXAsDt. ALEXANDER MURRAY, Esq. v. SCHOONER

MURRAY,

CHARMING BETSY.

Esq.

SCHOONER

THE facts of this case, are thus stated by the dis-

CH RmiNG trict judge in his decree.

BETSY.

An American vessel sold na Danish island, to a person who was born in the United States, but who had bona *bfiudregbheecromofe" a
that island, and sailing from thence to
a French
island, inz 1800, with a newcargopurchased by her
nlew owner,

t " The liAbel, in this cause, is founded on the act eii" titled 1 An act further to suspend the commercial in. "tercourse between the United States and France, and "the dependencies thereof;" (Vol. 5. c. 10. p. 15.Pass-
ed February 21, 1800) and states that the Schooner " sailed from Baltimore, after the passing of that act, " owned, hired or employed, by persons resident within "the UnitedStates, or by citizens thereof resident else"where, bound to Guadaloupe, and was taken on the " high seas, on the 1st of 7une 1800, by the libellant, " then commander of the public armed ship the Con46 stellation, in pursuance 9 f instructions given to the "libellant, by the President of the United States, there
.being reason to suspect her to be engaged in a traffic, "or commerce contrary to the said act, &c.

and under the

JjDish flag,

"The claim aid answer, replication and rejoinder,

was not liable (c are referred to for a firther statemnent of the Tic-

to seizure un-

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

PENNING;TON V.
COXE.

In addition to this circumstance, it ought to be observed, that the repeal takes effect at the close of the
30th of 7une, and the law has no existence on the 1st of Yuly. Yet the duties on sugars sent out during the
last quartcr are to be secured or paid on the 1st of Yuly. All admit that there was no disposition to relinquish these duties. Of consequence, if the proviso could be necsary in any possible construction of the law, it was
necessary in this case.

After the most attentive consideration of the acts of Congress and the itrguments-of counsel, the court is of
opinion, that the duties on refined sugars remaining in the building on the 1st of 7uly, 1802, had not then accrued and were not then outstanding. Thejuidgment of the circuit court, which was in favour of the plaintiff elow, must therefore be reversed, and judgment ren-
dered for the plaintiff in error.

ALEXAsDt. ALEXANDER MURRAY, Esq. v. SCHOONER

MURRAY,

CHARMING BETSY.

Esq.

SCHOONER

THE facts of this case, are thus stated by the dis-

CH RmiNG trict judge in his decree.

BETSY.

An American vessel sold na Danish island, to a person who was born in the United States, but who had bona *bfiudregbheecromofe" a
that island, and sailing from thence to
a French
island, inz 1800, with a newcargopurchased by her
nlew owner,

t " The liAbel, in this cause, is founded on the act eii" titled 1 An act further to suspend the commercial in. "tercourse between the United States and France, and "the dependencies thereof;" (Vol. 5. c. 10. p. 15.Pass-
ed February 21, 1800) and states that the Schooner " sailed from Baltimore, after the passing of that act, " owned, hired or employed, by persons resident within "the UnitedStates, or by citizens thereof resident else"where, bound to Guadaloupe, and was taken on the " high seas, on the 1st of 7une 1800, by the libellant, " then commander of the public armed ship the Con46 stellation, in pursuance 9 f instructions given to the "libellant, by the President of the United States, there
.being reason to suspect her to be engaged in a traffic, "or commerce contrary to the said act, &c.

and under the

JjDish flag,

"The claim aid answer, replication and rejoinder,

was not liable (c are referred to for a firther statemnent of the Tic-

to seizure un-

FEBRUARY, 1804.

65

"ceedings in this case, on all of which I ground my Mu.ar-

"decree.

S VHooNER

CHARMING
nOn a careful attention to th exhibits and testimony BETSY. in this cause, -and after hearing of counsel, I am of 1.'* . opinion, that the following facts -are either acknow- der thfe non.in. ledg'ed in the proceedings, or satisfactorily proved. tercourse law
of 27th of Fe.

"That on or about the loth of April 1800, the th wa1800. "schooner, now called the 'Mrming "Betsy, but then frCe asno
called the 7ane, sailed from Baltimore in the.district ground ofsus. "of .- ,larylanda,n American bottom, duly registered piconfthat she "according to law, belonging to citizens of, and resris--trwaadsinagvceosnsetra.

"dent in, the Unltedstates, and regulirly documented ry to that law,

"with American papers; that she was laden with SaetrheocfoamUmMahnedd-

"cargo belonging to citizens of the United -Stale*S; tate ship of

" that her destination was first to -St. Bartholomew $., war, whofs.

" where the captain had orders to effect a sale of both zes and sends-

"'vessel and cargo; .but if a sald of the schooner her in, isliai

"could

not be6e4ffected at St. Bartholomiew's,which was

ble fordaima. leo.

"to be considered the "primary object" of. the voyage, The report of

"the daptain was to proceed to St. Thomas's, with the tahpepoainstseedsobrys

"'vessel and such part of the flour as should be unsold, the court of

"where he was to accomplish the sale. That although admiralty to

"a sale of the cargo, consisting chiefly of flour was assess the da-

"effected at St. Bartholomew's, yet the vesel could not roages, ought

to state the

there be advantageously disposed of, Ond the captain principles on

"proceeded, according to his insttuctions to 5*'. Tho- which it is " may's where a bonqftde sale was accomplished, by founded, and

ccaptain

ames P4iips, on *behalf of

the

American

not a gross
sum without

"9owners, for a valuable consideration,'to a certain f/a. explanation.

"red Shattuc, a resident merchant in the island of. St. Anr-er'

cinitgiziennafroerseidig. n

" Thati although it is gCroannntetli*cutthaacqt"ufiarered Shattuck countrythmeay was born in Connecticutbefore the American revolu- commercial "tion, yet he had removed long before any differences privilges at-
"with France,in his early youth, to the island of St. tschedtohis
"Tomas, where he served his apprenticeship, iiter- ddmil' and
te-by making
!"married, opened a house of trade, owned sundry yes- himself the "sels, and as it is said, lands; which none but Dani.h subject of a fo, "subjects were competent to hold and possess. About rpelaigcnespohwilerrshele
"the year. 1798, he became a Danish burger, invested out of thepro. with the privileges of a Danish subject, and owing tection of the
"allegiaaio to hia:Dani, h majesty. The evidence on UwhiitleedwiSthtaine,

66

SUPREME COURT U. S,

MuauAy " this head-is sufficient 'to satisfy me of these facts;
gV~. o~za'.'tthough some of themn might be'more fully proved.

CHA5I " It does not appear that .7fr'dShattuck ever returned BTSY. ".t the United Statcs to resume citizdnship, but con'' "stantly resided,' and had his domicil,.both before and
tt le SovLe'rtoexigndf '4 at the time of the purehas6 of ihe schooner 7ane, at

to whom he " St. 7 hom-as's. That although -the schooner was arm-.

has sWorn ale- ." ed and furnished, with ammunition, on her sailing

90-"ve'nree, wi,~e "froi Baltimore,and the cannon, arm-satasnpdraesftoores, were

theracitizenof "sold to Yared Shattuck, by .a contract separate fron

,the United - ." that of the vessel, she was chiefly dismantled 6f ihese

States, can di.- articles at St. 7hwnas', a small part of the ammani-.

vesi himself

a

o

*absolutely or "tiorl, and a trifling part of the small arms excepted.

that char'acter "That the name of the said schooner was at St. Tho.

otherwise'than "* mjaS's. changed to that of the ChuiriningBetsy,- and

-in such man. -cshe was -docurihented with Dani . papers,. as the"

neras,may be

prescribed by property of a'redS/attuok. . That so being the bona

1a'~,"

bqfde property of' -yaredShattuck, she took in a cargo

.Whether, by "belonging-to hijn, and no othev', as appears by .the pa.

ecomin te Mubject-of a

,pers fouid on board and delivered to this court.

foregn power,

he is reucd "That she sailed, with"the said cargo, from St. tho-

from unish- "mas' on or about the 25th day of Yune 1800, corn-

ment for a

crime against ." manded by a certain Thomas .Wright,. a Dani-sh

he 'ted " burgher, and navigated acdording to the laws of Den-

S;tates.

" n,arh; for aught, that appears to the contrarybound-to

W of ahramtiinr-oc'eon- " thei-s±land .o. f Guadalo:rpe.

st'tntesau

armedvessel?

" That on or about the first of .Julylast, -1800, she
".was captured on her passage o Guadaloupe, by a "'French privateer, and a prize-master and seven or "eight han~Js put on board. The Danish 'crew (exce p
captain Wright, an old man and two boys,) being "- taken off by the French privateer. That on the 3d " of the same July, sht was boarded and takeit pos-
" srssion of, by some of the officers and crew of the " Constellation, under the orders of captain Murray, ".and snt into the port of St. Pierre, in Itfartiniqud, "where she arrived on the 5th of the same month of
""-uly. I do not state the contents of a paper called a "procee verbal, which however will appear among the "exhibits, -because in my opinion it contains state"ments, either cbntrary to the real facts, or illusory ; "and calculated to serve the purposes of the French

FEBRUA°RY, 1804.

*' captors. Nor. do I detail the ntmber of cutla,sses, a musket and a small quantity of ammunition found

.
on" board whei the schooner was boarded by captain Murray'"orders. Tie Danishpaperswere on board, "and.except the proces verbal formed by the French

ILcaptors, no othership's papers. The instructions to captain iVurray from the President of the Unijed
"States 6omprehend the case of a vessel foufid in. "the posessior of French captors, bultthen it should.

"seem ivnust be-a vessel belonging.to citizens of the "United States. It does not appear that captain. ZfRur"ray had any -knowledge of )ared Shdttuck being a "native of Connecticut, or of any of the UnitedStates, ." until he was informed by captain Wright'atMar-

" tini'ue.

.

-

Mvly-
S..
SCHOON"0t
CUAR)f$II
B E

It is unnecessary to go into any disquisition about

the instructions to the commanders'of public armed

"ships, whether- they were 'directory *to'captain ilfur. " ray in the case in question; "And if so,'whether they

"1were, or notj strictly conformable-to- law does not

" finally justify an.act which on investigation turns out

" to be illegal, iither as -it respects the municipal laws

"of our' country% 'or the- laws of.- nations. Captaiii

"Murray's respectable-. charadter, both- as. a , officei

"and a citizen, foribids'ank idea of hi intention to do.

"a wanton, act of violence towards" either a citizen af

"the United States, or- a subject of another nation.

"He, no. dodbt, thought it his duty to send the vessel

" iti uestion, to the United States for adjudication.

"He had also res'ons prevailing -with him, to- sll

"faredShattuci's'cargoin fartiniqite. His seiding

"the schooner to' 'Martimquie was' evidently -proper,

" and serviceable to the owner as she had not a s.ufficient

"number of.the crew-on board to niavigate her. But

"the further proceedi13g 'turns out; in my opini6h

"wrong. Whatever probable cause might appear to " captain Murrgy, to jdstify his conduct; or excite " suspicion at thi6 time, he runs the risk of, and is altie- "

"nable for consequences.

"

"

" OA a full'consideration of the facts and circum'stances of thi.--case, I am of opinion, that the schoon-
"er. Yane, bain the jsame ii the libel mentioned, did

64

SUPREME C.OURT U. S.

MU.1tu& V.
S CIoON ER
CHARMING
1.JT'sY. "

" not sail from the United States with an intent to vio" late the act, for a breach whereof the libel is filed.
"That.she did not belong, when she sailed from St. " Thomas for Guadaloupe, to a citizen of the United
States, but to a Danish'subject. 7ared Shattuch
either never was.a citizen of the United States under " our present national arrangement, or if he should at ¢'any time have been so considered, he had lawfully ' expatriated.himself, "andbecame a subject of a friend" ly nation. No fraudulent intent appears in his case, " either of eluding the laws of the United States in 49carrying on a covered trade by'such expatriation. cr ·Pthat he became a Danish burgher for any purposes
which are considered as exceptions to the general "rule which seems established on the subject of thfe 5Cright of expatriation. -That, being a Danishiurgher"
"and subject, he had a lawful right to trade to the i~land of Guadaloupe, any law of the UnitedStates
"notwithstandink, in a vessel bonafide purchased, either .' fror citizens of the United States or any 9ther yes"sel documented and adopted by'the Danishlaws. I
do not rely more than it deserves, on the circumstance I of Vared Shattuck's burghership, of which the best ."evidence, to wit, the brief, or an -authenticatedcopy, " has not been produced. I know well' that this ·brief "ialone,. unaccompanied by the strong ingredients in "his case, mightbe fallacious. I take the whole com." bination to satisfy me'of his being bonafide a Danish
"adopted subject ; and altogether it amounts, in my "mind, to proof of expatriation. The captain (Wright) "produces his Danish burghers brief. He is a native '.' of &otland. But even the British cas e of Pollard v. " Bell, 8. T. R. 435. to which I have been referred,
"shews that, with all the inflexibility evidenced in the "British code, on the point of expatriation, a vessel "was held to be Danish property, if documented ac"cording to the Danishlaws, though .the captain, who "had obtained a Danishburgher's brief, was a Scotch" man. It shews too, that in the opinion of the British ".jdxdes (who agree, on this point, with the general
-' current of opinions of civilians and writers on general. f' law,) the "mtaicipal laws or ordinances of a country °fdo tiot contp, the laws of nations.. The British
V i~~st~hat g~ ~ge~tlengths to -mod-if their-anciepT.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

69

'feujal law of allegiance, so as to modbrate its rigor, MuRRAY

"an4 adapt it to the state of the modern world, which "has',become.most generally commercial. They hold "it to be clearly settled, that although a natural born sub. "ject cannot'throw off his allegiance to the king,. but

V.
Co
BzTsY,

"is always amenable fLir criminalacts against it, yet for " commer'al purposes, he may acquire the rights of a "citizen of another country. Com. Rep. 677. 689. "I 'cite British authorities, because they have been pecu"liarly tenacious on this subject. Naturalization in "this country may sometim'es be a mere cover, so may,

"and, no doubt, frequently are burgher's briefs. But

"the ca.e of Shattuck is accompanied witho .many "corrobating 'circumstances, added to his brief; as to "render-it, if not incontrovertibly certain,. at least an "unfortunate case on which to rest a .dispute*as to the "general subject of expatriation. I am not disposed

"to treat lightly the attachment a .citizen'of the United

"States ought to bear to his country. There are cir-

cumtsthnces in which-a citzen ought not to expatriate him"self. He never should be considered as having

"changed his allegiance,- if mere temporry, objects,

"fraudulent designs, or incomplete change of-domicil,-

"appear in proof. If there are any-such in Shattuck's

"case, they do'not appear, and therefore I "Must take

"it for granted that they do not exist. Thatherefore

"the ultimate destruction of his voyage, and sale of liis, :

"cargo, are illegal.'

.. "

" The vessei must be restored, and .the ambunt of "sales of-*the cargo paid to the claimhrt, or his lawful "agent, together with costs, and -such dimages as "shall be assessed by thz clerk of this codrt,..who'is "hereby directed to inquire into and report the amount "thereof. And for. this purpose the.clerlE is directed "to associate with himself two intelligent merchaiti of "this district and duly- inquire what dam, ".7ared "Shattuck, the owner-of the schooner CharmingBetsy "andher cargo, hath'sustained by reason of the premi. "ses. ,Should it be the opinionof theclerk, andthe as"sessors associatedwith h;m,- that the officers and-crew "of the Constellationbeneftedthe ozbner ofthe Charming
B.Metsy, by the rescue from the French captors, they

MuR.Ay
SC1iO0MR CHAUMZNG
BETSY

-0

SUPREME COURT. U. FA

" should allow in the adjustment, reasonablecompensation

'for this service. (Signed.)

" RICHARD PETERS.
" 28th1I.pril, 1801."1

On the 15th of Jlfay following, upon the report.of the clerk and assessors, a final decree was- entered, for
20,594 dollars and 16 cents damages, with costs.

. From this decree the libellant appealed to.-the Circuit Court, who adjudged, " that the decree pf the District " Court be affirmed so far-as it directs.restitution of the " vessel, and payment to the claimant, of the- net pro-" ceeds of the sale of the cargo in Mlartiniyue, deduct"ing the costs and clrarges there; according to the ac"count eihibited by captain Murray's agcnt,, being one "- of the exhibits in t::is cause ; and that the said decree "be reversed for the residue, each party'to pay his owl" costs,:and one moiety of the.custody and wharfagL-bill-
'for keeping the vessel until restitution to the clai-
Smant -

From this decree both parties Appealed to The supreme

court.

-

The cause was arged at last terh, by Afartin, Key,

and Mason for the claimant.

No counsel -%as present for the libellanti

For the claimant it was contended, that the sile ot the schooner to Shattuck was bonande, and that he was
a Danish subject. That although she was in possts3on of French mariners, she was- not an armed Frvnch vessel within the acts of congress, Which authorised dhe capture of such vessels. That neutrals are not bouiid to take notice of hostilities between tw nations, urde!s
war has been declared.

That the right of search and seizure is incident only
to a state of war. That neutrals are not bound to take notice of our municipal regulations. That the non-intercourse act was simply a tnunic;pal regulation, binding qnly upon our own citizens) and had nothing to do with

FEBRUARY, 1804.

the lawy of Oations ; it could give no right-to-search a
neut al. That in all cases where-a seizure is made u-nder a municipal law, probable, cause ij nojustijfcation, unle s it is made so bk the municipal law uider which
the seizure is made.

MuRRAY
ScnooEr. CuA.iRMI " BFsv-.

. As to the positiQn, that the sale was bonafde, the. counsel for the claimant relied on the evidence, which came up with the transcript of the ,record, -which was very strong and satisfactory. Upon the question Whether Shattuck was a Danish:subject or 4 citizen 'of the UnitedStates, it was said, that.ahh6ugh he was born in Connecticut, yet there was no evidence that he had ever resided in the United-States, since their separation from. GreatBritain.. But it appears by.the testimony'that he
resided in St. Thomas's during his minority, and served 'his apprenticeship there; That he had married into'a
family in that island, had resided there ever since the year 1789, had complied with thelaws W.hich enabled him to become, a burgher, and had carried on business as such, and had for some years been-the owner-f ves-
sels and lands. Even if by birth he had-been.a citizen of the UnitedSthte', he had a right to expatriate him-; self. He had at least the whole tiiae of his minority,-" in which to niake his election of what counti'he would become a citizen. Every citizen of the United States,
has a right to expatriate himself and become a.citizen of any other country w¢hich he may prefer, if it b6 done with a bonafide andhonest 4$01tton, :at a propertime, " andin a public manner. While we are inviting al.the·
people of the ea-th 'to becolne'citizens, of the United States, it sukly,does not become us to. hbld a contrary' doctrine, and deny a similar choice to our own citizens.
Citcumstances -may indeed shevi -the intention to be fraudulent and collusive, and-merely for thepurpose of illicit trade ,.&c. But such circumintahces do not appear'in the present case. Shattuck Was'fairly and bonajfde domiciPated ai Sr. Thohnas's before, our disputes arose witb;France. The act of Congress, "further to suspend,". &c. cannot, therefore, be considered as ope" rating upon such, a person. The first act to suspend the intercourse w~xs passed on the 13th'of June; .1798,
vol. .p. 129,'and expired.with the end ofthe next session of Congress. The next act, "further to s4spend2'

7"2

SUPREME COURT U. S.

SiCooER CxA.uImo
Bil'sy.

&c.wgs passed on the 9th of February, 1799, vol. 4.5. ?44, and expired on the 3d of &farch, 1800. "Theact upon which the present libel is founded, and which has the same title.with the last, wat passed on the 27th of "February,1800, vol. 5. p. 15. All the acts are con-
fine in their operations to persons resident within the United States, or under theirtrotection.

She-was rot, such. aiarmed French vessel as comes
within the description of thos& acts of Congress, which authorised the hostilities with France. She had only one musket,- twelve ounces of powder, and tvielve.ounces of le~d. The only evidence of further arms arises from the depo ition of one J'Farlan. But he did not go on board of her tilLsome days after the capture, and
his deposition' is in.dmissible testimoy, because he was entitleil to a share of the prize money if the vessel
should be condqemnd; and although a release from him to captain AZurray appears among the papersi yet
that release ,wasnot made. until after the deposition was taken ; -and the fact is expressly contradicted by other testimony. The mere possessior by nine Frenchmen *did not constitute her an armed vessel. She was una- ble'to annoy the commerce of the United States, which ,was the reason of tho adjudication of this court; in the case of the Amelia, (See I Cra. Rep. 1. Talbot v. See-
man.) , The procesverbal is no evidence of aay fact but its own existence. If she had arms they ought to have been brought in, as the only competent evidence of that fact. No arms are libelled, and none appear, by the account of sales, to have been sold in Msartinique.

It being then a iieutral unarmed vessel, captain Alur-ray had no right to seize and send her. in. A right to
search a neutral a:ises only from a state of public known war, and not from a mtnicipal regulation. In time of peace the flag is to be respected. Until war is declared, neutrals are not bound to iake notice of it.

The decrees of both the courts below have decided, that the vessel was not liable to capture. The only' question is, whether the claimant is efititled to dama-
pes P Captain _tiurray has libelled her upon the nonIntercourse act." He does not state that he seized her because she was a Frehch armed vessel, although ne

FEBRUIAIry, 18.04.

sates her to be rmed at the time of capture. It has also been decided by both the courti that she is Danish
property. If an American vessel hiad been illegally captdred by captain Murray,he would have been liable for damages; afortiorin the case of a foreign vessel, where, from motives bf public policy, our conduct ought not only to bejust but libeial

mu- T s, V. V
CHiRM'ZN
BgT51t.

In cases 4f personsl arrest, if nb criiiae has in fact been commi'tted, probable cduse. is not a justificatioii,

unless it b made- so by municipal law. As in the case of Ht da'dCr,, he who raises it is'liabl if it be

false.

"

* If the sl eriff has a writ against -A, 4nd Bis shewn to him as thq person, and he arrests B instead of A, he is liable to ah adion of trespass at the suit of B. .+1 Bu.. 149. Wale v. Hill. .So.if he repleyies wrong goods, or fakes the goods of one'upon afifa,.against another. In' thes'e'cased it is nojustification to te officer that he was informed, or bilieved he was *right.- He must "in all cases seize at his peril. So it is.with alL.ther officers,
such as thdse, of the revenue, &c. probablecause is not sufficient to justify, unless the law makes .it a justification. If the informlation is at common law for the thipg
seized andthe seizure is found to have been illegallymade, the injured party must bing his action -oftrespass; but by the course of the admiralty,, the captor, -being in coirt, is lIble to a decree against him for damages. 2 "Rob.202.. (.The Fabu6.) The case of Wale v..1111, in 1.Bulstrode 149, shews that where a cringe has not been committed, .there probable cause can be no justifi/cation. But where a crimeI has been committed, the party arresting cannot justify'by the suspicion of others; it must be upon his own suspicion.

In fJe case of Pllonv. Buchner, Hardr,478, although the gw.s seized had' been condemned by the c6mmissi6niff of excise,. -yet it was not held to be a good Jusifitation. In 1 Dall. 182. Purviance v. An. 8, it was held that ad error in judgment would not excuse an illegal capture; and ia Legk.e y. Pt~mpante,

r4

SUPREME COURT U. S. -

uaa,&Y
CN4S:M; ro B tsx.
h

2 Str. R20, it is adjudged that probable cause of seizure
will notjustify the officer.*
.In 3d Afistruther 896, is a cgse-of seizure of hides, where no provision was made in the law that probable cause should be a justification. This case cites 7 T. R. 53,
Pickeringv. Triuste. For what ieasori do the revenue laws pr6.vide that probable Cause shall be ajustification, if it would be so without such a provision ? In these cases the i.iiry by improper seizures can be but sitiall, compared -%ith those which might arise under the non-intercour.e laiv. "GreaBt ritain has never mafe probable cause, an excuse for seizing a neutral vessel for violating her mumicipal laws. A neutral vessel is only liable to your rmumicipal regulation. while in your territorial jurisdiction. But as soon as she gets to sea, you have lost your remedy. You cannot seize her' on the high seas. Eyefi in Ureit Britain,"if a vessel gets out of the jurisdiction of owe court of admiralty, "she cannot be seized in another.
t is-admitted that a law may be passed authorising si:ch
a sevztxre, but then it becomes a question between ihetwo iatlons." If the present circumstances are sufficient to raise a prohable cause for the seizure, and if such pr~bable cause is ajustificadion, it will destroy the trade. of the Danish islands. The -inhabitatits speak our language, thdy-buy our ships, &c." It wlhl be hig)ly injuiious to the interests, of the United States; and this court will consider what cause ofcomplaint it would furnish to the Danishnation. If arivate armed vessel had made this seizure, the captain and owners would have been clearly liable on their bond, which the law obliges them to give. Te objbct of this act of Congress, was more to prevent our vessels falling into the hands of the*French, than to make it a war measure by starving&he Frenchislands.

The Ch. J observed, that this case was overruled two years after. wards, in a case-cited in a note to Guiuim'a edition of Bac. ab.t The case cited in tile note-is from 12. Vin. 173. Tit.evidence. P. b. 6. in .Aich it is said "that Lord Ch. Baron Bury, Montague and Page, against
Price, held ttiat where an officer hadmade a seizumv" and there was an "information upon it, &c. which wenf-In favour of Tbe party who after. ' waIrs brinjp trespass; the shewing these proceedings was sufficient tn "eaumse the officer: It was'competentto make out a urobable cause for ,hii doirv the act. ,Mach. 6 Geb
t The case of Leglise v. C(hamAste was in "2Geo. 2. That cited in the
note to Bac. ab. referred to by the Ch. J.was in 6 Geo. 1. The mistake arises from the note in Gwillim'e dition not mentioning the date of the tase cited from Finer.

FEBRUARY-, io4.

75

Even if a Danishvesgel should carry.-American papers :a.d Amrridan colours, it would be no justification. In :g stateof peace we have iio right to say they shall not se -thein if they*please.- In'timie of war, double papdrs, or.
throwing over papers, are probable causes of seizure;' but.this does not alter 'the property; it is no cause of 'condemnation.- The vessel is' to be rest6red; but without damags..

MviRA-T ScsooV4.¢z*.
I Bg-nY.·

Then.mod e .6f asdertaining the "daiiiagesadopted, by-de. district court, is conformable to,,the usual practice i" *courtA of admiralty. See Marribtt4ARPortm; and'in.the same book, p. 184, in the case of the Vdnderke, "liberi1 damages were given.

In the revenueJaws of the UnitedStatesi vol 4.P. 391, probable cause is mrn. axi expcuse for the seizure; but no such.provision is, or.ought t6 have been made in the 'non-
intercourse law. The: powers given were so -iable to
isdt,hat the rommander ouglt to act-at his peril.

The Ch. J. mentioned the case of the Sally, capt. i.oy,.
In 2 Rob. 185. (Amer. Ed.) where a vice-admiralty had decreed, in a revenue cse," that there wasi, probable cause of seizure.

This cause camie on again to be argued at this term by .DdZs for the libellant, and'Nartinand Key for the clh. ,mant.

Dallas,, as- a-prelimnary rehmark, bbserved, that thi Judge of the district court had referred to the clerk and his associates to ascertain, whether any and What salvage should be allowed. 'This was an impioper .delegationof his authority, not warranted by.the practice of "courts of admiralty, or by the nature of his office. Although they had not reported upon this point, yet he submitted it to the court for thpir consideration.
After statmg.Lhe facts which appeared upon;the record, and such as were either admitted or proved, he divided his argument into three general points.
1. That yared Shattucl was a.citizen of the United 't.tes, at the tiime of igapi.re an4 recapture; and there-

76

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MuRRAY V.
C.ARMZNG" BETSY.
Y2.

fore the vessel was, subject to seizure and condemnation, under the act of Congress usually called the non-intercourse, act.
That she was in danger of condemnation by the French, and therefore, if not liable to condemnation under the act of Congress, capt. Murray was at least entitled to salvage.

3. That if neither of the two former positions car be

maintained, yet captain Murray had probable rause to

seize and bring her in, and therefore he ought not to be

decreed to pay damages.

""

1. The vessel was liable to seizure and condenination" under the non-intercourscact; Shattuak being a citizen of
the United States, at the time of recapture.

Captain Murray's authority to capture the Chaizning Betsy, depends upon the municipal laws of the United. States' expounded by his instructions, and the law of nations.

Before the non-intercourse act, measures had been taken by Congress. to prevent and repel the injuries to our commerce whichwere daily perpetratedby Frenchcruizers.
By the act of 28 oIay, 1798, vol. 4. p. 120, ailthority was given to capture " armed- vessels sailing under authority or pretence of authority from the republic of France,"&c.'and to retake any captured American vessel.

The act of 28 Yune, 1798, vol. 4. p. 153, regulates the proceedingslagainst such vestels when captured, ascertains the rate of salvage for vessels recaptured, and provides for the confinement of prisoners, &c.
The act of Yuly'9, 1798, vol. 4. p. 163, authorises the capture of armed French ressej&any wherepon the high seas-and provides for the granting cominsions to private armed vessels, &c.

The right to retahe an armed, or unarmed neutral vessel in the hands of the French, is no where expressly given ; but is an incident growing out of the state of war ;-

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

and is implied in several acts of Congress. This was decided In the case of Talbot v. Seeman in this court, at AUg. term, 1801. t
The right of recapture, carrying with it the right of salvage, gave the right of bringing into port; and that port must be a port of the captor.

MflRAX
CHARXING
BETSY.
.'yu

The first non-intercourse act was passed 7une 13, 1798, vol. 4. p. 129.-*A similar act was pashed Feb. 9, 1799, vol. 4. p. 244.

The act upqn which the present libel is founded was passed Feb. 27, 1800. Vol; 5..p. 15.

These are not to be considered as mere municipal laws
for the regulation of our own commerce, but as part of the war measures which it was found necessary at that time to adopt. It was quoad hoc tantamount to a-declaration of war.

Happily there is not, and has not been, in the practke of our government, an established form of declaring war.

Congress havethe'power, and niay by one general act,
or by a variety of acts, place the' nation in a state of war. As far as Cbngress have thought proper to legislate us into a state of war, the law of nations in war is to apply.

By the general laws of war, a belligerent ha a right
not only to search for her enemy, but for her citizens trading with her enemy. If authorities, for this position were necessary, -a variety of cases decided .by Sir William Scott might be cited.

As to the present case, Francewas to be considered as. our enemy. The non-intercourseact of 1800, prohibits all commercial intercourse "between any person orpersons re"sident within the UnitedSta.s, or under ther protection, " "and anyperson or persons resident within the terrkories of "the Frenchrepublic, or any ofthe dependencies thei'eof," "And declares that" any ship or vessel ow'ned,hired, or "employed, in whole, or in part, by any person or per"sons resident within the United.States or any citizen
t 4n Vol, i. p. 33.

SUPREME COURT-U. S.

MumtRY
V.
CHARXYNO
BZTsi.

"or citizens thereof risidenji elsewhere," 'c. k, shall-be "forfeited and may.be seized and cond-inred."'
A. citizen of the UnitedStatet,resident "' elsew here," must mean a citizen resident in a.tneutral countty. If Shattuek was such a citizen, the caseis clearly within the statute. It is not iecessary that the vessel-should be registered as an American vessel; it is sufficient ijf owned by aritizen'of the UnitedStates Registering-is-oinly necessary to give the vessel the privileges of an American botton . Nor is it it necessary. that she should have been built in the United States.

By the 8th suctionof the act of 27th Feb. 1800, vol. 5. .p. 20, reasonae'suspicion is made a justiicatioli of seizure, and sending in for .adjudication. The officqr is
bound to act upon suspicion-and that suspicion applies both to-the character 6f. the vessel, and to the nature of the voyage.

Although the act of congress menlions only vessels of the United States, still from the natnie df the case, the right to seize and send in must extend to apparentas, well as real American vessels.

Such is the cotemporaneous exposition given by the instructions of the executive.t

The'words of these instructions are "you are not only "to do allthat inyou lies, toprevent all intercourse whether "direct o&circuitous, between the ports of the United "States, and those of France and her dependencies, in
"cases where the vessels or cargoes are apparritly,as "well as really American, and protected by American "papers only, but you are to be vigilant that vessels or

t Upon Mk Dailas's offering to read the instructionk:

Chase J; said, he was always executive; becausz if they go no

against reading.the instructions of the futher than th J~i±hey re-unnecessa

r; if they exceed it, they are not= -Mrranted.-
Marsho, Ch. J. I understand itto be admitted &j both parties, that
the instructions are part of the recprd. The construction, or the effect they are to have, will be the subject of further consideration. They may ke read.
Chae, J. I can only day, I am against it, and' I wish it to be gene. iy known. I think it a bad practice, and shall always give my voice
ainst it.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

"cargoes really American, but covered by Danisi or othr "forqigh papers, and bound to orfrom French pots, do "not escape you."
-
The law and th6 instructions having thus made it his duty to act on reasonable- suspicion, he must be safe though the ground of.suspicion should eventually be removed.

MyaRAY V.
SCHOO2fr caoo~z. Br.TSY'

Udder our municipal law, therefdre, the folloWing propositions are maintainable.

1. That a vesiel captured by* the French, sails.under. Freozch authority.; and if armed, is, quoad hoc, a Frenclh armed vessel. The degree of arming is to ,be tested by the. capacity to annoy the unarmed conimerce of the United States.

2. The right to recapture an unarmed neutral, is an mci-den t ofthe war, and implied in theregusltions of congress.

4.- The non-intercourse law justifies 'the seizure-of apparent, as well 'as of real American vessels..

Nor does this doctrine militate'with the law of nations. A war in fact existed 6ei#een the' United itates, and France. An army was raised, a navy equipped, treaties were annulled, the intercourse was prohibited, and commissions were granted to "private armed vessels. Every instrument of war Wias employed; but its oper.ation" was confined to the vessels of war of France upon the high. seas.

So far as the war was allowed, the laws of war attached.

That it was a public wzr;was decided in the case of Boas v. Tingey, in this court, Feb. Term, 1800.

No authorities afe necessely to shew that a state of
war may exist- without a public declaration. And the right to search fcllows the state of war. Vattel, B. S. c. 7. § 114-1. Rob. 304. (The .M2aria,) 8 Term. Rep. 234. Garre&v. KensingtoT. Whether the vessel was Americam or Danish,she was taken out of the hands of our enemy.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURaAY

The law'of nations in war, gives not only the right to

SOHOvO.NE'R searcha neutral, but.a right to recapture from ihe. enemy.

CIAR71NG On this point the case of TalTot v, Seenan is decisive, BTft. both as to the law of ntions, and as to the acts of Con-

\ W - gress, and that the rule applies as well to a partial -to a

generalwar.

Captain Murray'sauthority, then, was derived not only from our municipal law, and his instractions ; biit from the law of nations. If he has pursued his authority in an honest and reasonable marnner, .although he may not be entitled to reward, yet he cannot deserve punishment.

It remains to consigIer" whether the vessel was, in-fact, -liable to seirureand condevmrition.

What where the generalfacts to create suspicion at the time P

1. The vessel was originally American. The transfer was recent and'since the non-intercourse law. The vov2 e was to a dependency of the French republic and
erefore prohibited, if she was really an Amerlican vessel.
2. The owner wa&an American by birth. The captain *ds a Scotchman. The crew were not Danes, but chiefly Americans, who came,from Baltimore.
3 The proces verbal calls het an Arherican, vessel; which was corroborated by the declafati6ns.of some of the crew.
4. The practice of the inhabitants of the Danish Wands, to cover American property in such voyages.

--What Was there then to dispel the- cloud of suspicion, raised by these circumstances.
1. The declarations of Wlright, theqapptain, whose tes-
timony was interested, inconsistent wo itself, and con-
tradficed by others.

SIs The documents found on board.
Thee were no other than would have been found,. if fraud had been intended. T were

FEBRUARY, 1804,

81

1. The sea letter or pass from the governor-general of the Dani8h islandsi who, did not-reside at 'St."Thom , but at St. Croix. It .states only by way of recital that
-the.vessel was the property of .ared Shattuck'a burgher andinhabitantof St. Thomas's. It does not'state that he was natuializ.ed.or i subje~t of Denmarl.

Midil,& S,
CEAIMION
BZTSY.

2. the muster roll, which states the names and trumber" ofthe'captain and crew, who were ten besides the captain, -. viz. Win. Wright, c'aptain, DavidWeems, .ohn Robinson, ,a~ob Davidso, -_7ohn Lampey; Vohn Mholas, Frederick Y.nsfy, George Williamsoh,"William George, Prudentio, -a Corsican,"and Davy Vohnson, a Norwegian. . There is b4t on foreign name in the whole. Wright in his de-" position says, that three were Americans, one a-NorweSgian and the rest were Danes,.Dutch andSpaniards.
The muster'roll was not on oath, but was the mere declarationof the owner..
3- The invoice, which only says that Slattuck was the
owner of the cargo.

4. The bill of lading, which says that he was the shipper.

5. The certificate of the oath of property of the Cargo,
istates- 6nly by way of recital, that Shattuck,:a.burgher, inhabitant and subject &C." was the owner. of the Cargo, but says nothing of the property in the vessel.

By ,:comparing this certificate *with the oath itself, it appears that the Word "sbject" has been inserted by the Qicer and was not in the original oath.

6. ".Shattuch'sinstructions to captain Wright.

7. The bill of sale by Phillips, the agent of the American owners, to Shattuck--but his authority to make tho dale was not ofi oard.- To, shew what little credit such documents are-.V'titled to, he cited the opinioni of Sir W.
Sfcott, in the cas of the igilantia, 1 Rob. 6, 7, and 8. .Amer. ed. 'andin the.case of the Odin 1. Rob. 208, 21t

The whole evidence on board was a merd custom-house affair, all depending upon his own oath of property. His

82

SUPREM)E COURT U. S.

MaAV"
Scuoo l1:&X11qp
BETSY-.

mbrgher's brief was not on board, nor did it appear even
by his own oath,. tha6t Shattcck Was a burgher. Andno. document is yet produced in which he undertakes-to swear that he is aDanish subject.

"Such documents could, not remove a reasonable suspi¢ion founded upon such strong facts.

'There could never be a seizureupon"suspicioni If this was not warrantable at the time.

What has appeared since. to.remoye the suspicion, and. to prove Shattuck to be a Danish subject ?
All the original facts remain, and the case rests on Shat-
tuch'.s expatriation, whence prise two inquiries.

l. As -tothe right, in point of law,' to expatriate.-

2. As to the exercise of the right, infact.

1. ,Asto the right of expatriation.

He was a native of Connecticut, and, for 'aught that .appears in the record, remained here until the year 1189,
when we first hear- of him in the islalid of St. Thomas's.
This was after the revolution, and therefore there can be no question as to electon, at leasf there'is.no proof of-his electiori to become a subject of Denmark.

'Ifthe account of the case of Isaac Williams, (1. Tucker's Black tone, part 1, appendix,p. 436) * is eorrect, it was

'The state ofthe case and the opinion of .Elc.orth, as eit'act.
ed by Judge Tucker, from" The Yational Magazine,*2No 3, p. 254. are

as follow.

On thetrial ofIsaac Williamuin the Diitrct(qu. Circuit7 ) Court of Connecticut, Feb. -7, 1797, for accepting a commisilon under the Frehch republic, and under the authority thereof committg acts of-hostility against GreatBritain, the defendant alleged, and offered to prove, that

he'had eapatriated himself from the Tnited Statee ikd become a French citizen before the commencement ofthe war between .tance and England. This produced a question as to the right of expairiation, when Judge

Elswnorth, then chiefJustice ofthe United State:, is said to have delivered

an opinion to the following effect."

..

"The'conmon law of this country remains the saine as it was before

"theevolution. The present question, is to be"decided by two great

"principles ;'one is, that altlhc mcq er ofa dvi omgxnity are bound.

FEBRUARY,,i'84.

83

the opinion 6f Ch.Y. El,worth, that Otitizen ofthe United States c6uld-'iot 'ixpatriate himself. That learned
Judge'iS reported to have said in that ca'e, that th coinmon kaw of this -country remains the same as it was bfore the revolution.

MWvxm V..
sCHoRoMz

But in the case of Yanon v. Talbot, 3. DlZ 133, this
Court inclined to the opinion that the right exists, but the' difficulty 'was i iat the law ·had.not pointed out the mode of election ind ofprof. "
It s ad ed-iha the right does exist, its

exercise must be accoinpaiiddby three circunistances.

1,. Fitness inpoint of time.

S. Fairness of intent.

t4oomeapcahc octhaenrnbotydciossmoplvaecitt;bythe other is, that oneof the Pares to this his own act. The compact between our
"community and its members .is, that the com unft 'shall protect its * "members; and on the part of the members, that they will at all times

'' be obedient tthe laws ofthe community and fai-tful to its defence. It c necessarilV results that the member cannot.dissolve the compact without " the consent, or default of the communit. There has beenn'io cbisen4,

no default Express consent is not claimed'; but it is argued that the - "consent ofthe-community is implied, by its policy, its condition, and

1It*acts In countries so crowded with inhabitants that the m ans of " subsistence are difficult to be c6lned, it is reason asd polic. to pernit"

emigiation; ;but our plicy is different, for our countryis b4t scarcely

"settled, and we haveno inhabitants to spare. Consent has been argued.

from the condition ofthe country, because we ire in a state of peace.

:' But though we were inpeace, the"war had commenced in Europe: we' "wishedto hive nting to do with the war-b4ut the 'war would hive sometbingto dowith u. It has beendifficult for uitokee'o'it ofthe "war-the progress ofit has threatened to involve us. It has been ne. "cessary for our government-to be vigilant in re-trainifig our own citizens .

"from those acts which would involve us in hostilities.

-"

"The" most visionary writers on this subject do not contend for thie

principle in the unlimited extent, that a citizen may at any, and at all times, renouncehis own, andjoin himselfto a foreign country.

"Consent has been argued fromthe actacofoultovernim.nepermitti-

"the naturalizatm. of foreigners. When a foreigner presents himself

"here, we dQ tiiLquire wha..bis relation is to his own country; we.

haveot the mris of knowing, and the inquiry wuuld be indelicate "weleavehimtojudge of that. If he-embarrasses himself .by contract.-. .ing contradictory.obligations, the fault and folly are hisown : but this iteplfes no consent of the government that our own citizens should also "expatriate themselves. It is therefore my opinion, that these facts

"whichthe prisoner offiers to prove in his deece,1e totall irrelei'ant" Stc.: The prisonez wa4 accorditigly fouild guiWty fned:and imprisoned.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

NvRRAY V.
CSHCAHOooMNnEGR
BETSY.

3, .Publicittr of the act.
But the .right of expatriation, has certain characteristicks, which distinguish it from a locomotive right, or a right to change the domicil.

By expatriation the parts' ceasesto be a citizen and becomes an alien. If he would again become a citizen, lie must comply with the terms of the law of naturalization of the country, although he was a native.
But by a mere removal to another country for purposes oftrade, whatever privileges be may acquire in that country, he does not cease to be a citizen of this.
With respect to other parties at war, the place of domicil determines his character, enemy, or neutral, as to trade. But With respect to his own country, the change ofplace alone does not ji stify his trading with her enemy ; and he is still subject t( such of her laws as apply to ciizens residing abrqad. i Rob. 165, (The Hoop.) 1 Term Rep.'84. Gist v. Mason, and particularly 8 Term Rep. 548. Potts. v. Bell, where this pririciple is advanced by Doct. Nicholl, the king's advocate, in p. 555, admitted by D6ct. Swabey inp. 561, and decided by the court.
This principle of 'general law is fortified by the positive prohibition of the act of conress,
In France the 'character of Frenchcitizen remains Until a naturalization in a foreign country. In the Uhited States we require an oath of abjuration, before we admit a person to be naturalized,

If he was naturalized,' he ha ,done an act disclaiming

the protection of the United $tates, and is rio longer -bound to his allegiance. But if he has acquired only a

special privilege to trftde, it must be subject to the laws

of his country.

"

2. But has he in fact exercised the right of expatria-

tion ? And is it proved by legal evidence?

His birth is primafade evidence that he is a citizen

FEBRUARY, 18o4.

85

of the UnitedStates and throws th' burden of proof upon him. No law has been shewn by which he,could be a
nmaturalized subject of Denmark, nor has he himself ever pretended- to be more than a burgher Qf St. Thomass. What is'the.character of burgher, and what is-ihe nhtuire of a burgherabrief?

MURRAY
V.
CHARING
BETSY-
-

It is said that to entitle a person to own ships, there
must have been.a previous'-residence ; but no residence is necessary to enable a man to be -acaptain of a Danish vessel

It is a mere licence to trade-a permit t6 bear the flag of Denmark-likethe freedom of a corporation. It implies neither expatriation, an oath of allegiance, nor residence. 1 Rob. 133. 7The.Argo, 8 Term Rep. 434, Pollardv. Bell. These cases shqw with what facility a man may become a burgher; that it isa mere matter of purchase, and that it is a.character which may be taken up and' laid aside at pleasure, to ahswer the purposes of trade.
Bit there is no evidence that he ever obtained even this burgher'sbrief. He went'fi-om Connecticut,a lad, an apprentice or clerk in 1788 or 1789. He was riot seenin business there until 1795 or 1196. In gQing in 1789, he had no motive to expatriate himself, as there was then no war. We find him first trading in 1796, after the war, and the law of Denmarh fo.rbids anaturalization in time of war.-
At what time then did he become a burgherP If he ever did become such in fact, and it was in time, he can prove it by the record. Wright's burgher's brief is prdduced and shews that they are matters of record. The brief, itself then, or a copy from the record duly authenticated, is the best.evidence ofthe fact, and is in the power of the party to produce.

-Why is it withheld, and other exparte evidence picked

up there, and wfiesses exaiined here ? All the evidence they have produced is merely matter of inference.. They

have examined witnesses to prove that he tarried on trade

at St. Thomas'*s, owned ships arid land, marri.d and re-

sided there. By the depositions they prove that a man is

not by law permitted' to do these things without being a

krgher; and hence they infer his -birghership,

" "

MulatY
S V.

SUPREME'.COURT U. S. These facts are equivocal.in themselves, and not well prov&d.

ZrITSY.

\..

m

Certificates of citizenship are easily obtained, but arenot always true. This is rloticed by Sir W. Scott in the cases
before cited.. A case happened iii this country, 2 -Dal, 370, U. Si v. Gallato, where a pers6n having taken the oath"of allegiance to Pennsylvania; agreeably to-the- atralization act of that state, obtained a certifcate fr~i a magistrate confirmed by -theattestatior bf the stpieme executive of thestate, iat he was a -citizen of the .U. States. Biit upon a trial in the circuit court of Pennsylvania,itwa"s adjudged that he was uot a citizen. Captaini Barney also went to Franee, became a citizen, took- command. of a Frenchship of war, returned to this country, and is now certtied'tobe'acitizen of the U. S. So irfthe case of the information .against the ship Yohn and Alice, Captain WMitesides, he was generally supposed to be -a-citizfn-of .the 1. S.

Onthe triab evidence of. his citizenship was call&d: far, when it appeared that hi' father, brought him into .this country in the year 1784, .andremained herd-untll792, when the father died.- Neither he nor his father were natuialized, and theviessel-was condemned. These instwA-' ces shew the danger of crediting such custom-house cer-. tificates..-
All these certificates, in the present case do not form 'the best evidence, because better is stll'in the posission of the party, and he ought to produce it.
Th6 genera-and fundamental rules of evidence are'the same i courts of admiralty as in courts of conimoniw. If they appear to relax, it is only in that stage of the business where they are obliged to act upon suspicion.

In the present case the opinion of merchants only 'is taken s to the laws of Denmar .-- NofJ icialcharacter,
not even a laoyer was applied to. Certificates of merchants are no evidence of the law. 1 Rob. 58. (The Santa Crux.)

The evid~nce offered, is both exparte, andexpostfact. Fraud is nottobe presumed but why wads not the, burg-

FEBRUARY, 1804.

87

her's brief.produced, as.well as the other papers, such as Mua*Av the oath of property, &c. when it-was ce1tainly tle most SczV.

important paper in the case ?

CRARMINQ

The only reason which can be given, is, that it did wot exist. Itwas a case like that of Captain Writesidea,-where people .were led into a mistake from the length of his resi"denced and fromrniavijag seen him there frof the tline-f his youth.
Upon the whole then We have a right to conclude that ared Shattuch was not -a Danish subject---or that ifhe was, the fact is not proved, and. therefore he remains a citizen of the'U. S. in the words of the act of congress, " residing elsewhere."

-The "consequiize must be a- condemnation of the vessel"

IL She was in danger of condemnation inthe French courts of admiralty, and therefoie Captain _virray is intitled to salvage.

This 'depends 1. on the right to retake-2; on the de-. gree of danger-and"3. the service rendered.

1. He had a right to'retake, on the ground. of suspi-

cion of illicit trade, in violation of the non-ntercourse

azb,. as well as on the"ground of her being a vessel sail-

ing under French authority, and so armed as to be able

to annoy unarmed -American

vessels. He had also a

right to.bring her in for salvage' if a service was ren-

dered.

If his right to retake depends upon the suspicion ofi illicit trade, or upon her being a-French armed vessel, he could take her only into a port of the U. .

- The point o'f.icit tradehas already been discussed. That the*vessel was sailing tinder French authority is
certain; the only question is whether she was.capable
of annoying our commerce.

She had port-holes, a musket -powder anidballs, and

88

SUPREME COURT U. S.

tvi-A-Y
H.
CKARMING
.BETSY.

eight Frenchmen, who probably, as is usual,-had each a cutlass. Vessels have been captured.without a single musket. Three or four cutlasses are often found suf-
ficient.

The vessel was sufficiently armed to justify,Captain Murray under his instructions in bringing her.in.
If then the taking was lawful, has she been saired from such danger as to entitle Captain Murray to salvage?

There is evidence that Captain Wright requested

Captain Murray to take the vessel to prevent her falling

into the hands of the English. He consented to be car-

rpireidvatienetro,

Mfartinique. not

He protested only againot the

against Captain Murray.. His letter to

Captain Murraydoes not complain of the recapture,

but of the detention. The taking was an act of hum'an-

ity, for if Captaita Murrayhad taken out the Frenchmen,

and left he vessel with onl Captain Wright and the boy,

they could not have navigated her into port, and she

must have been lost at sea, or fallen a prey to the bri-

gands of the islands. This alone was ar-service which

ought to be rewarded with salvage.

But she was in danger of condemnation iu the French courts of admiralty.

The case of Talbot v. Seeman has, confirmed the principle adopted by Sir W. Scott in the case of the War
u Ian, 2 Rob. 246. that the departure of Francefrom the general principles" of the law of nations,, varied the
rule that salvage is not due for the recapture of a neutral out of the hands of her friend ; and that the general
conduct of Francewas such as to render the recapture
of a neutral out of her hands, an essential service which would intitle the recaptors to salvage. If she had been carried into aFrench.port,how unequal w.ould have been the 'conflict? Who would have been believed, the pri. vateer or the claimant? The Danish papers would have been cofisidered only as, a cover for Ainerican property., The danger is shewn by the apprehensions of Captain Wright and his crew; by the declarations of the priva-
teer; by the proces verbal; anid by the actual imprisont iment of the crew

FEBRUARY, 1804.

89

But independent of the general misconduct of France, there are several Frenchordinances under which she
might have been condemned. The case of Polardv. Bell, 8 Term Rep. 444 shews that such ordinances may justify the condemnation. The case of Bernardiv. Motieaux, Doug. 575, shews that the Frenchcourts actually do proceed to condemnation upon them, as in the
case of throwing over papers, &c. So in the case of
fayne' v. Walter, Parh dn Insurance, 414, (363) the condemnation was because the vessel had an: English supercargo on board.

MuARAY
V.
CHARMI G BETSY.

By'the ordinances of France, Code des prises, vol.. 1,. p. 306' § 9, "all foreign vessels shall be good prize in
which-there shall be a supercargo, commissary, or chiefoffier of an enemy's country; or the crew of which shall be composed of one third sailors of an enemy's state ; or which shall'not have on board the roles d'equipage certified by the public officers of the neutral places from whence the vessels shall have sailed."

And by another ordinance, 1 Code desprises, 303, § 6i "No regard is to be. paid to the passpqits granted by neuiral or allied powers to the owners or masters of vessels, subjects of the enemy, if they have not been naturalized, or ifthey shall not have transferred their domi-,
cil to the states of the said powers three months before the 1st of September in the present year ; nor shall the
said owners and masters of vessels, subjects of the eneniy, who shall have- obtained such letters of naturaliza. tion, enjoy their effect, if, after they shall have obtained -them, they- shall return to the states of the enemy, for the purpose of there continuing their commerce;" and by the next article, "vessels, enemy built, or which
shall have been owned by an enemy, shall not be reputed neutral or allied, if there is not found on board au. thentic documents, executed before public officers who
can certify their .date, and prove that the sale or transfer thereof had been made to some of the subjects of an allied or neutral power, before the commencement of hos.
tilities ; and if the said deed or transfer of the property
of an enemy to the.subject of the neutral or ally, shall not have been duly enregistered before the principaloffi-
cer of the place of departure, and -signed by the owner.
or the person by him authorised."

90

SUPREME- COURT U. S.

MURRY In violation of these ordinances, the chief oficer, Cap-

ScHONR CHARMING
BETSY.

tam Wright, was a Scot, an eliemy to France; for although he had a burgher'sbriejy yet it did not appear that he had resided three months before he obtained it; and we have before seen thata previ~us residencewas not ne-
cessary by the laws of Denmark to entitle him to a burgher's brief for the purpose of being master of a vessel. In ile next place, the whole number of the crew, with the Caotain, being eltven, and three of the crew being Americans and the captain a Scot, more than one third
of the crew were enemies of F'rance. The muster roll did not describe the place of nativity of the crew. The vessel was purchased after the commencement of hostilities between Franceand the U. S.-And there w- s no
*auth6rity onboard from theAmericanowners to Phillips, the agent who made the sale, in violation of the regula-
tion of 17th February1694, Art. 4. 2 Code des prises,p. 14, which declares "the vessel to be good prize, if being enemy built, or belonging originally to the enemy, the neutral, the allied, or the ,French propietor, shall not be able to shew, by authentic documents found on
board, that he had acquired his right to her before the declarati6n of war."-See also 2 Valin. 249, § 9--251 § 12 and 244.

What chance of escape had this vessel, under all these ordinances which the French courts were bound to en*force? The case of Pollardv.Bell, 8 Term, 4,34, is precisely in point. The vessel in that case was Danish,
and had all the papers usually carried by Danish vessels. But she was condemned in the highest cuit *of appeal in France because the captain was a Scot who
hd obtained a Danishburgher's brief subsequent to the hostilities.

Has there, then, been no service rendered ?

It is no objection to the claim of salvage that it is not made in the libel. Salvage is a condemnation of part of the thing saved. The prayer for condemnation of. the whole includes the part. It may be made by petition, or even ore tenus.

The means used for savingneed not be used with that sole view. Talbot v. Secman.

FEBRUARY, J.804.

91

As to the quantumof salvage, he referred to the opin. ion of Sir W. Scott, in the case of the Sarah. 1 Rob.
263.
III. But if the Charming Betsey is noi liable to condemnation under thfe non-intercourselaw,and if Captain Mfurray is not entitled to salvage, yet the restitution ought to be -made of the net proceeds of the sale only, and not with damages and costs.

Mustiy v.
CEAEMXOlq
BETSY-

In maritime cases probable cause is always ajustifica. tion... The grounds of suspicion in the present instance hiave been already mentioned; and when to these are added' the circumstances.that it was at Captain Wright's
request that Captain Xurray took possession. of the vessel-that he consented to be carried into M"Iartinique-. that if he had taken out the Frenchmen and.left the vessel in the midst of the ocean .with only Captain Wright and his boy, thdy would have been left to destruction-
that part of the cargo was damaged, part rifled, nd all perishable-and that Captain Murray offered to release the vessel and cargo, on security, there can hardly be a stronger case to save him from a decree for damages.

In the case of the Two Susannahs, 2 Rob. 110, it is by
Sir I. Scott, taken as a principle thAt a seizure isjustified by an order for further proof, and he dec'eed a restitution of the proceeds only, it not being shewn that the captors conducted themselves otherwise than with fair intentions.

In the present case there is no pretence that Captain Murray did not act from the purest motives, and from a wish faithfully to execute his instructions.

Key, contra.

1.The schooner CharmingBetsey and her cargo were neutral property, and not liable to capture under the non-inter(purselaw.

2, When recaptured she was not an armed Frencti
vasel capable of anmloying our commerce, and therefore not liable under the acts of congress authorising the capture of such vessels.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MuSmy
SC11O.SEr CHARMIZNG
Bprsy. ~'~d"

3. She was not inimminent danger when recaptured, and therefore Captain Murray is not entitled to salvage.
4. Under all the circumstances of the case, he acted illegally, and isliable for dmages 'vhich have been properly assessed.

I. As to the neutral character of the vessel and cargo, he contended,

1. That fared Shattuck never was an American citi. zen.

2. That if he was, he had expatriated himself, and had become a Danish subject.

S. That ifnot a Danish stibject, yet he was not a citizen of the U. S.

The evidence is that he was born in Connecticut, but' before the declarationof independence, and was therefore
a natural born subject of Great-Britain.He was in trade
for himself in St. Thomas's in 1794.-This he could not do until he was 21 years of age, which will carry back
the date of his birth to the year 11V3. -He was an ap. prentice at St. Thomas's in the year 1788 or 1789.-
There is no evidence of his being in the U. S. since the declaration of independence. But if he hadf been, yet he went away while a minor, and he could not make his election during his minority. There is no evidence that
,his parents were citizens of the UnitedStates. Being a natural born subject of Great-Britain, he could not be-
come a citizen of the U. S. unless he was here at the time of the revolution-or his parents were citizens, or unless he became naturalized according to law.

It is incumbent upon Captain iurrayto prove him to be a citizen of the U. S. -It is sufficient for us to shev that he was born a subject of Great-Britain..-Theymust shew how he became a citizen. This is a highly penal law, and every thing must be proved which is necessary to bring the case within the penalty.
2. But if he ever was a citizen of the U. S. he had expatriated himself.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

That every man has a right to expatriate himself, is Mrn~r

admitted by all the writers upon general law ; and it is a

V.

principle peculiarly congenial to those upon which our C .ARINr

constitutions are founded.

BzTsx.

Some of the states of the Union have expressly recognized the right, and even prescribel the form of expatriation. But where the form is not prescribed, nothing more is necessary that that it be accompanied with fairness of intention-ftness of time-andpublicity of election.
In the present instance, all these circumstances conrur.
No time could have been more fit, than the year 1788 or 1789, when all Europe.and America were in a stateof profound peace. His country had then no claim to his service.
The.fairness of intention, is evidenced by its. having been carried into effect by an actual bona fide residence of 10 or 11 years-by serving an apprenticeship-by actual domicilitin-bymarriage-by becoming a burgher-by acquiring lands-and by owning'ships.
The publicity of election, is witnessed by the. same acts, and by taking the oath of allegiance to Denmark.
The United States have prescribed no f6rm of expatriation. All that he could do to render the act public* and notorious.has been done.
It is said a man cannot .cease to be a citizen of one state, until he has become a citizen or subject of another. But a man may become a citizen of the world--analien to all the governments on earth.* It is in evidence'that by the laws of Denmarh, aman cannot become a subject and carry on trade, without being naturalized-that an oath of allegiance, and an actual domicil are necessary to naturalization--but thaL domicil is not necessary to
C11 I-.There can be no doubt of that Dadai, said he had been misunderstood. He only said that.the act of becoming a citizen of another state was the most public act of expxat. tiQ4 a dtIe best evidence of the fact.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY
V.
SCHOONER CHARMING
BETSY.

become a burgher for the purpose of navigating a Danish vessel.
In the two cases cited from,1Rob. 133, the Argo, and 8 Term Rep. 434, Pollardv.Bell. the question was only as to the national character of the masterof the vessel, not of theowner; and therefore they do.not apply to the present case.

The burgher's brief of Captain Wright is dated 19th 2 ay, 1794, and certifies that he had taken the oath of. fidelity to his Danishmajesty, and was entitled to all the privileges of asubject.

3. But if the facts stated in the recordare not sufficient to prove Shattuck to be a Danish subject, -yet they do
not prove him to be a citizen of the U. S. and if he is not a citizen of the U. S. it is immaterial of what country he is a subject.

By the law of nature and nations a min may, by a bon
fde domicil, and long continued residence in a country, acquire the character of a neutral, or even of an enemy. in the case of Scott v. Schawrtz, Comyns' Rep. 677, it
was decided that residence in, and sailing from Russia, gave the mariners of a Russian ship, the character of Russian mariners, within the meaning of the British navigation act: and in the case of the Harmony, 2 Rob. 264, Sir W. Scott condemned the goods of an American citizen, becaue by a residence in Francefor four years
he had acquired a domicil in that country which hid given his property the character of thi goods -ofan enemy. In the case pf WiLon v. Marryat, 8 Term Rep. 31, it was adjudged that a natural born British subject might acquire the character of a citizen of the US. for commercial purposes.

II. The CharmingBetsey was not a French armed vessel, capable of ann6ying our commerce, and therefore not liable to capture or condemnation, by* virtue'of the limited war which existed between the UnitedStatesand
France.

In supporting this proposition it is not intended to in.

'FEBRUARY, 1804.

95

terfere withthe'decision of this court in the case of 'Tabot v. Seeman.. ,There is a great difference between the
force of the Amefia, in that case, and that of the Charmin.Betey.-The Amelia bad eight cannon, was man.-
ned by twelve Frenchmen, andhad been in possession of the Frenihten days,. and must be admittedto have been such an armed French vessel as came within the meah. ing ofthe acts of congress

Mui"T S oa'
cix.&
B3Tsy

But in the present case, the vessel was built at.Baltimore, and owned by citizens of .the UnitedStates.When she sailed from Baltimore she had four cannon, a number of muskets, &c. which Shattuck was obliged to urchase with the vessel, and which he afterwards so at a considerable*loss.
"Ihe.captain swears that at the time of recapture she had only.'ohe musket, a few balld, and twelve ounces of powder; and although _ Farrian leposes to a greater quantity of arms, yet it appears that he did not go on board of her until eight days after the recapture.
It.arms. were on board, they ought -to have been brought in with thd vesseL This is particularly requireid by the act of congress.. No armi are mentioned in the account of sales. It is to be presumed, as none were brought in, that none were on board. - The captain ix. piessly swears that the Fienchpiut no force orarms on board when they took her.

$.he could not, therefore, be such an armed vessel as was intended by the acts ofcongres!.
III. She was not in imminent danger when recaptured, and therefore the recaptors are not entitled td salvage.

It is a general principle that the recapture of a neuiral does not entitle to salvage.

It is not intended to question the correctness of the
decision of this court in the case of Talbot v. Seemim, fior that of Sir W. Scott, in the case ofthe War Outahn. Those cases were exceptions th the general rule, because the conduct of Francewas in violation of the law

96

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MuRVR. AY
SCH0ONR cH&RmIxo
BzTSY.
'captured

of nations, and because neutral vessels had nochance of.
escaping the rapacity of the Frenchprize courts. This system ofdepredation upon neutral commerce continued during the years 1798 and 199. The Amelia- was re-
by Captain Talbot inSeptember, 1799, while the arret of 18th Yanuary 1798, so injurious to neutral commerce, and the violences of the prize courts were in full operation.

The Charming Betsey was recaptured by Captain .Murray on the 3d of Yuly 1800. During this inter-
val great events had occurred in France.

On the qth of November 1799, Bonaparte was placed at the head of the government, anda new order of things commenced.

On the 24th of December 1799, the arretofthe council of five hundred of 18th Vanuary 1798, which made
the character of neutral vessels dependent upon the quality of the cargo, and declared good prize all those laden
inzwhole orinpart with the productions of Englandor her
possessions, was repealed, and by a new decree the-ordinance of 1778 was re-established. The government adopted a more enlightened and liberal policy towards neutrals.

On the 26th of March 1800, a new tribunal of prizes was erected, at the head of which was placed the cele-. brated Portalis,author of the Civil Code.

On the 29th of MAay 1800, their principles were tested in the case of the Pigou, an American ship belonging to Philadelphia. This case was a public declaration to
all the world that ihey began to entertain a proper respect for the law of nations, and from this time the rule of-slvage;as established in the case of the.War Ou&an,
ceased.

The Pigou had been condemned in an inferior tribunaL
On an appeal to, the council of prizes, Portalis,with a degree of liberality and correctness which would confor honour upon any court' in the world, declared that

X2t TARY, 1804.

17

"excepting the cas6 whena prize is ·evidently andnac." tually enemy's property, all questions about the valid"ity or invalidity of prizes, come to the examinationof a fact of neutrality." A.d in discussing the question as to the necessity of a role dequipage,he says, "I will

Mux.&A "
StkoozR
BETSY.

"begin with the principle tiat all questions about "neutrality, are-what are called in law; questions bona

"fide, in which due regard is to be-had to facts, -and "weigh them.propely without adhering t6-ifing ap. · "pearances. -,".Bat it would be i gross errorinbe-

"liev.ing that.the want of, or the least irreglaty nm;

"' one of these papers, could operate so far-as t9 CAUse.

4 the vessel to be adjudged go'od prize.."- . -

S,ometimes regular paierscoyer an eteyspro er" ty, which'other circumstances unmask. In other.,Fr1-

.cumstances the stamps 6f :ne.utrali.t! bre6k thrqugh-

-" omissions and irregularities in .he forms," proceeding

"from mere negrigbnce, ,oi grpunde'd on motives free

"from fraud.

·

"We must speak to the point; and in these matters Ac as iell as in.those Which .are to be determined, we
' must decde not by mere strict forms, buiby tNierm. " cipkle of good fatit; we must say with.thejaw, that
"mere omissions or mere irregularities in the forks, "cannot. prejudice the truth,, if-it is stated by.Any _other '"4ways : and si dli'quldxe oemntibu de ,ciat,cum equitas" "Poscit, 8ubveniendumn est."-" The main point in lve"ry case is, that the judge may be satisfied that.tht "9property is neutral or not." He then cited a case decided upof the 6th article of the regulation of the 21st of October 1744 ; by ihich article the act'of throwing over papers is-made a substantive ground of condemnation.. 'But itwas decided that the papersought to be of such-a nature as to prove:the property to be enmy's.

The two gpounds upon which the Pigouwas.condemned in the inferior tribunal .were, that she was armed for war, withdit any commission or guthority fromnthe U. S1'. and that there was on board m? roled'equipage attesied by the public officers of the port of departure. She mounted ten guns,*and was provided with muskets and 'other warlike store's.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY

Upon the first point it was decided in the council of

ScHOOEa prizes that she was not armed for war, but for lawful CH 4ING defence ; and on the second that a role d'equipagewas
BETSY. not absolutely necessary, if the property appeared othSerwise clearly to be neutral.*

* There is so much'reason, justice and good sense appearingthrough a bad translation of probably, not a very accurate account of this case, that it is with pleasure tr-anscribed as it has been published in this eountry from the London public prints.
Opinion of Portalis.-After having read the opinion of commissioners of the government, left in writing on the table, which is as follows :
It appears that a judgment of the tribunal of commerce at l'Orient,had .granted Captain Greenthe replevy of his vessel and part of the goods ;nd specie vhich composed the cargo ; and that on the appeal entered by the
comptroller of marine at l'Orient against that judgment, the tribunal of the department of Morbihandeclared the vessel and cargo a gold prize.
The grounds on which rested the decision ofthe tribunal of Morbihan were, that the Vessel was armed for war without any commission or authorization from the dmerican government; and tha there was on board
no role d'equipage .attested by the public officers of the port of his de. partue.
The capturedclaim the nullity of the prize, and that the vessel e rein.
stated in the situation she was in when captured, and that she bedelivered up as well as her cargo, and the dollars which were on board, and also the papers, with damages and interest adequate to the losses they had sustained.
To be able to determine on the respective demands, we must'first fix upon the validity or invalidity of the-prize, excepting the 4aoe -when a
prize'isevi ntly andactually enemy'*property, all question&about the validity or invalidity c prizes come to the examination of a fact of neu. trality.
In this case, was the tribunal of Morbihanauthorised to determine
that the ship Pigou was in such circumstances as to beprevented from being acknowledged and respected as neutral ?
It is said the vessel was armed fof war, and without any authorization
from her government; that she mounted 10 guns of dflerent rates, and that muskets and warlike stores have been found in her.
The captured reply, that the vessel being biund to India,was armed for her own defence, and that the warlike a-munit'in, the muskets and guns, did not exceed what is usual to have on board for long voyages ;. for my part, I think it is not for havi.g arwns on board only, that a veseel can hesaid to be armedfor war. The warlike anmament is merelv efan offensive nature ; it is decmed so when there is no other end than attacking, or at least wbeh every thing shows that attack is the main 'point of
the armamqnt: then a vessel is reputed inlm;cal, or pirate if she has no commission or papers which may remove the suspicion. *Butdetianrc is of natural right, and every mens of defence is Lawful in voyages at sea, as in evu-y other dangerous occurrence of life.
A vessel consisting but of a small crew, and whcse cargo in goods a. mounted to a considerable svmn, tas evidentl- intended for trade, and not forwar. The arms found on board were not to commit plunder and hos: tility, but to avoid them ; not for attack, but fir defence. The pretence ofarnament for war, in my opinion, cannot be founded.

FEBRUARY, 1804.

99

in another case. (the Statira) which was decided ve- MUMMAT

ry shortly after that of the Pigou, by the same. council

.

-CHAMNGE

I am noir t6 discuss ihe second &rument agaList :he captors on the

want of a role d'equipage, attestegby the public officers of th place of

her departure. To support "thevalidity of the prize. -they allege the regilation of the
21st October 1774, ofthe 26th of fuly 178,and the decree.of the directory ofthe l12th ;entose, 5tlyear, which require a role d'equipage.
The captured, ontheir parr e:aim the executof the treaty of commerce, between .Franceandthe Unied States 6f .dmerica, of the 6th Feb-" rarj 1778; they contend' that general regulations coid n6t derogate from a special treaty, and thtthe directory cofd nt infiigc'the treaty

by an arbitrary decree. It is a fact that th; regulations of 1774 and .1778; and the decree ofthe
dietory require a role a'equipage asserted by the pvblic officers of the place of departure. It is also a fact; that the role'd'equifage is not

mentioned in the treaty of the 6th Februdy, as one of the papers requisite zoestablish neut.-ality, but I believe I am not under the necessity of

discussing whether the treaty is superior to the regulations, or whether

the regulations are superior to the treaty.

I"ill begin .with tMi principle that altquesion: about neutrality,are

what are calledin law, questions Bo.& r2cz, in which due rrd is to

be had to facts which are to be properly weighed, without ering.to

trifling appeaxrnces.

.

Neutrality is to be.proved ; for this reason, the regulation omar'neof

1681, aricl 9, on'prizes, states, .that vesscls with their cargoes, which shall not have on'board charter pa,es, bills of lading, nor invoices, shall

be considered as good prize.

From the same motives, the regulations of '1774 and 1778, put the commanders of neuu-.a vessels tnder obligation of proving at sea their

property beingneutral, by passports, bills of lading, imvoices and vessels'

papers.

The regu _tioonf 1774, whose enacting parts have been renewed by ..the directory, literally expresses, among the papers requisite to prove neutral property, that there must be a role d'equiage in dueform.
But it would be a gross error to suppose that the wantof, or the least ireulrty in, one of these papers, couldl operate so far as to cauxe tte

vessel to be adjudged good prize. Sometimes regular papers cover an enem;'s property, which other cir.
cumstances unmask. Intother circumstances the stamps of neutrality' break through omissions and irregulrities in the forms, rocding from

mere n6gligence, or.grounded on motives free from fraud

g

We must speak to the point, and in these m.atters as well as in those which are to be determined, we must decide not by njere strict forms,

but by the principles ofgood faith ; we must say with the law, that mere omissions, or mere irregularities in the forms, cannot prejudice the truth,

if itis stated by pny other ways : and "zialiquid ex aomnibus ' efi'at, cam equita, pdocit, ubveniendum est.

Therefore, the regulationof the 26th uly, 1778, art. , after having stated that the masters of neutral vessels sha, prove at seatheir property being netrAl by passports, bills of lading, ivoices and other ves.gIlpa. pers, adds, one of which at least shall establish the pi~pety beng nei-
trA_ or shall contain an exact description of ii
It is notthen necsayi vr case to prove: , he piroperty neutral.by the multane6us concrrenceof all the papers-r-merated m teregula ion&. But it is suffibient accordin, to th; ctimst-nces, that one of

BTiSy.

100

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY of prizes, two questions arose-ist, whether the Statira,

V. ,
SCHOONER

being an American vessel captured by a British ship and

CHARMING
BETSY. these papers establish the property, if it is not opposed or destroyed Sby more peremptory circumstances. The mainpoh.! i,.very case is, tkat thej dge may be satisfiedthat'the property isneutra"or .jot. We have a precedent ofwhat I assert inart. 6, of the regulation of the 21st October 1774; by that article every vessel belonging to what nation soever, neutral; enemy or ally, from which papers shall be'proved to have been thrown overboard, shall be adjudged good prize, on the proof only of the papers having been thrown over oard; nothing can be more explicit. Some difficulties arose on the execution of that severe clauseof the law, which has been renewed by the regulation of 1778.
On the 13th NYrovember 1779, the king wrote to the admiral, that heleft entirely to him and to the commissioners of the council of prizes to apply the rigidity ofthe decree, and of the regulation of the '6th Ady, or to moderate their clauses as peculiar circumstances would require it i their opinion.
A judgment of the council of the 27th Decemher, in the said year,
- rendered between Pierre.Brandebourg,master of the Swedish ship Fortune and M.de la Rogredouiden, captain of the king's xebec the Yok, liberated the said vessel notwithstanding some papers had been thrown overboard.- It was determined that to ground an adjudication of the vessel on the papers bei g thrown overboard, they ought to be of uch nature as to prove thepropery enemy's, and that the captain ought to have had a concern in throwing his papers overboard; which was not the case with the Swedish captain. In this case without discussing whether American captains are obliged, or not to exhibit a role d'equipage, attested by the public officers of.the place of their departure, I observe that this role is supplied by thepass. port, and that the captured allege the impossibility for them to havetheii roled'equipageattested by public officers in Philadelphia, since theintercourse was foridden, under pain of death, with Philadelphia, where a
most tremendous epidemic was raging: I must add, that the passport, the invoice, and 4lithe vessel's papers, establish evidently theproperty ofthe vessel andcargo being neutral; none of these papers have ever been disputed. Thus the invalidity of the capture is obvious; wheice it follows that every thing which has been taken from them, ought to be restored in kind or by a jxiut indemnification.
As to their cl.%iW°for damages and interest, I must observe, that such a claim is not in eiey case the sequel of the invalidity of the capture.
Suspicious proceedings.of the captured, may occasion the mistake of the captors. But when the injustice on the part of the captors cannotbe
excused, the captured have a right to damages and interest. Let us apply these principles to the cause, Could the captors enter-
tain any grounded suspicions against the captain ofthe ship Pigou. was not the neutrality of the s*p proved by her being an American built ship, by her flag, by her destinition, by the crew being composed of'dmeri. cant, by her cargo consis .tdrofAmerican goods, without any contraband articles, blrhe name and thv chairofCaptain Green, very wellknown
by services he rendkred to the Frenchnationby theregister, thepassport, the invoice, by the papers.fa board, finaly, by the place wWc she was captured, which w.as far f'*i any..upicious distination.P It was then impossible for the ,captors ,o snke any'rmstake ; the vessel struck her
ors at the first supmnons, the officers and crew made faithful declar.

FEBRUARY, 804.

recaptred by-a Frenchprivateer, was liable to confisca. tion cn the ground of her being in the hands of an enemy; and 2d, whether her cargo was ground of condem-
nation ?

Munu.A& ScHoVoE
CrAEMI*G
Br.sr..

On thefrstpoint it was held, that the mere capture does not before condemnation, vest the property in the captor, so as to inake it transferable to the recaptor, and therefore no ground of confiscation.

On the 9d there were two inquiries. 1st, whether, in point of law, the character of the vessel, neutral or not, should be determined by the nature of the cargo ? 2d. whether.he cargo consisted of contraband ?

- As to the first, the commissary (Portalis,) reviews the
laws upon this subject prior to the arret of the council of 500, of the 29th Nivose, yeai-6, (.anuary 18, 1798,)

6=4, they ar~swered plainly in their examination; no pretence whatever ivas left to the captors ; they don't appear to have observed the forfts prescribed by.the rgula tion. Some very heavy .chargea are uttered a..
ast thern ; but thinkit is not time yet totake noticeofthem; they

wil be discussed whin thi articles captured are restored. In these circumstances I am of opinion, that a more absolute and full
replevy be gFanted to Captain Green of the Americanship JPigou,and her cargo, as well as the papers found on board; as to the claim of damages and interest, made by Captain Green, that the former be granted to him, and they shall be settled 4y arbitrators in the usual form.'

(Signed)

PORTALIS.

- Paris,6 .Prairial8,th year.

The council declaie that the capture ofthe ship Pigou and her cargo, is null andof n~o effect'; therefore, grant a full and absolute replevy of the #essel, rigging and kppard, together with thepapers and cargo, to Captain lohGnreen; as to the damages and interest'claimed by Captain Green, the council grint them to him, and they shall be settled by arbi. trators in the usual forms.
DoN at Parison the 9th Prairhl,8th year ofthe Republic. Preaent,
Citizen - RznoN, Presidcnte Nxou CANTz;

MOREAU,

MONTIGNY,

MONPLACID,

]BARENZIES, IJUSAUB,'

PAREVAL,

9RANDMAISON,

TOURNACHFM.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

RurzAYr the severity of which, he. condemns; but as the Statira V. was captured whife.it was in force, the captor was entitled
SCcHaAoRo.MIZG, to have the capture tried by it. H observes that such

BS.
t ar-.r-%*

regulations are improperly styled laws, and they. are essentially variable pro tbmporibus et causis ; that they

should always be tempered by 'iisdom and'equity. He

,adverts to the words in whole, or in part,. by which he

says ought to.. be understood a 'greatpart, according to

.the judicial maxim parumpro nihilo habetur. Upon this

prnciple he is of opinion, that a ship ought not to be Aub-

ject to confiscation, even under the law of the 29th Nivose,

'unless such a part-of the cargo comes under the descrip-

tion of what is there made c9 ntraband, as ought to excite

a presumption offraudagainstall the rest.

"

The question of contraband, related to 40 barrels of pitch, part of the cargo of the Statira. He observed that pitch was n6t made contraband by the treaty of 17V8,'but ds Francewas by that treaty, entitled to all the advantages of the most favored nation, and as by a subsequent treaty between the UnitedStates and Great Britain,pitch was among the enumerated articles of .contraband, it necessarily became such in regard to France.

He however decides the quantity to be too small to justify cbndemnation, even upon the principle of the law of 24th, (quere 29th) Nivose. And the ship was re"I stored.*

* The following account of the case of the Statirais extracted from London papers of JNne 1700. ,
We stated to our readers some time ago the principles up6n which the new council of prizes at Parisproceeded with respect to neutral vessels, and we gave the decision at length upon the ./gricanship Pigou,which was ordered to be restored with costs. That decision shewed, that a greater .degree of system had been established, and tfhat the loo~se and frequently
unjust p: inciples upon which the directory acted with respect to captures of neutral ships, were meant tor be abandoned. The following is the decision of the council on another case, that of the Statira:
.The Statira, captain Seaward, an American ship, had been
captured by an English vessel, and recaptured by the French privateer the Hazard.
The first point which the commissary considers is, the effect Which the Statirahaving been in the possession of the .Eng.igh
ought tohaw

FEBRUARY, 1804,..

These cases are read to show that Francehad abstained MumRAy

from tlose violations of the law of nations, which had

V.
Sciloo-4EIL

He observes, *at if the vessel captured and recovered had CxTSY.
been French, and recaptured by a national vessel, there would \.ov..-m./ have been nothing due to the re-captor, because this is only the.exercise of that protection which the state owes to.all its sub-
jects in all ci.rcumstances. If it had been recaptured by a privateer, the Frenchregulation gives the property of the vessel to the recaptor, on account of the risk and danger of privateering. It.rpightbe an act of generosity to restore the vessel -to the original owficr but it is not of right that it should.
In the next place, he considers the case of 4 neutral recaptured from the enemy. If really neutral, he says the"vessel' must be released. The ground of this higher degree of favor for a neutral he states to be, that the French vessel must have been lostin.the country. But it is not certain that the neutral captured by an enemy may not be released by the admiralty courts of the enemy. The mere capture does not vest the property immediately.in the captor, so as to make it transferab1i to the recaptor. The commissary considers'the property not vested in the captor till sentence of condemnation.
We believe this is much milder, and more favorable for neu"frals than our practice. The being a certain time in the enemy's custody, or intra mania,trarisfers the property to the captor. This was held in the late well known case of the 8.tzaniah prize, captured by the French, and recaptured by the .Engieh It is to be observed, however, that a principle of reciprocity is pursued, and .that we give the same indulgence to the neutral
which they would have given us in a similar case. Having proved that the Statira was not'liable to confiscation,
on the ground of her being in the hands of an enemy, the
commissary considers whether her cargo was ground of confiscation.
Upofi this point he considers two questions, Ist, whether in point of law, the character of the vessel, neutral or not, should
be determined by the nature of the cargo? 2d, whether the cargo consisted of contraband?
He then reviews all the laws upon this head.. He shews that till the decree of the 29th erivose, (year 6) Jantua?:y 18, 1798, the regulation states, "His majesty prohibits all priva-
teers to stop and bring into the ports of the kingdom the ships of' neutral powers, even though coming from or bound to the ports of the enemy, with the exception of those carrying sup-
plies to places blockaded, invested or besieged. With regard: to the ships of neutral states laden with contraband commodi-
ties for the enemy, they may be stopped and the said commodities shall be seized and confiscated, but the vessels vnd the

104

SUPREME COURT U, S.

musamv caused the rule in the case of the War,Ou&an; and t6 V. bring the present case within the princisles established by

CHjAnNG the court in the case of Talbotv. Seeman.

BETSY.

\residue

of their cargo shall be restored, unless the said tontra-

band commodities constituted three-fourths of the value of the

cargo, in which case'the ship and cargo shall be wholly confis-

cated. His majesty however reserves the right of revpking the

Rrivileges above grantedif the enemy do not grant a reciprocal ifidu1'ence in the course of six months from the date hereof.
T ,elaw ofthe 29th .Mrvoae, (year 6)overturned all this sys-

*tem, and enacted, "That th6 state of ships in regard to their being neutral or hostile, should be determined by their cargo,; that accordingly every vessel found at sea, lalen inwhole or in

part with crmnuodiies coming from England or its possessions,

should be declared good prize, whoever might be owners of

their articles and commodities." The severity of this regulation the -commissary cqndemns,

'butas jhe Statire was captured while it was in forde, the cap,

tor was entitled to have the capture tried by it. . He examines next how the regulation applies, premising his

opInion that such regulations are improperly stiled !aite, and

"lniy are essentially variable pro'tempo bue et caumi ; that they

should always be tempered by wisdom and equity. He adverts to iewords inwhole or in part. By the whole, he says, ought Stloeunderstobdp great part, according to the judicial Viaxim

tarum pro nihilo'habetur. Upon this principle then, he is of

opinion that a ship ought not to be subject t6 confiscation even " inder"the law of the 29th .rvoe unless such a part ofthe car-

go comes under the description of what is there made 6ontra-

barid, as ought to excite a presumption of fraud against all the

rest. What that part should be is not capable of definition, but

,ah6uldbe* left to the inlightened equity anidsound discretion of. the judge.
The Statira bad on board sixty barrels of turpentine and for-

Ay barrels of pit-ch. The captor contended that these were contraband ; the captured §ul, that by the treaty of 1778 with the

Americans, they were noL enumerated as contraband. But the co'mmissary %hews,that the Americans by the,treaty

were bound to admit the Frepch.to all the advantages of the

most fvourite nations; that having, in a subaequdiittreaty with England, rrmade pitch contraband, with respect to the latter, ne-

cessarily it. became contraband withregard to France. The: learned commissary, however, thinks that'even upon the

principle, of the law' of the 24th .lrvose, the quantity of pitch was too small tojustify -confis~ation.

In t.te nextplace the ciptor alleged, that 2911 pieces ofCam-

FEBRtTA.RY-,0 o.
'The- geheral conduct of France havihg beei changed,
it is to be preiumed, she would -have been released with damages and.costs ; if not upon the principles of justice, good i th, and the law of nations, vet upi ., se of policy. Fracewas at war wiih GreatBritain; partial hostilities existed with the United States. The ron4ntercourse law prevented our vessels from trading with Franceor lier dependencies ; and the French Vest-Indies could only be supplied from the.Danish'islands. It is not to be believed, therefore, thit they would, by condemningthjs v'essel, (coming to them vith those very supplies -which' ther wanted,) erbarrass a trade. necessary to their very existence.

MuakfeV.
SCAOR
UTSY.

But independent of the general Tnisconduct of France towards neutrals, the captbrs rely upon three points arising under French ordinances.
1. That the Rd dEquipaee wants the place of natvity of thd crew. But according i0 the opinion of -'orA$ f/s, this is not a fataldefect, nor is it, of itself, a ,ufficien-t ground of condemnation.

peachy wdd, part cargo of the Statira, was thd liroduce of

--ETnghiilszppooisnsteshsoiownesv. er

h bad not

--
been

regularly ascertained,

as

the report on-the subject. Was made without the captured being

called as a party. ,

..

-

The commissary states, Anowever, itrotig circumst .ces of'

Mnspicion on this head. The captured had not appealed against the confiscation of the 'cargo. The point came under 6e con- · sideration of the court on the appeal of ihe'capt6r, who wanted to get both ship and cargo.
The commissary therefore: sawF no reason for .ondemning the ship, which was clearly "neutral ; but on 4cecount of the duspicions a-ainst the character of the cargo, .:he thought no

indemnification whatever was due to the captired. ".-

Judgment was pronounced accordingly.

-"

The piratical decree of the 29th Nfifose, (year 6) m dioned above with so much Eeverity by Porta&s has be n'rejealed,

and things have been placed upon the footing of the regulation of 1778; that is, the French are to treat neutrals in regai'dto contraband in the same way in which they are treated by us; they will not allow the .dme_.can to carry into £ng/and a cominodity which the Englishwould seize as contraband oing inti theports of France.

MuRray
SCH VaF.t
Cf.,tR.Nfl
Bwrsy.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
2. That more than one third of the crew were enemies
of France. The word rnatelot in the ordinance of 1778, means a sazdor, in contradistinctioii to the captain or master. ExAude the captain and there were only 10 persons on board, and o ly three of those are pretended to be enemies; so ".nat one third were 'not enemies within the meaning of the ordinance.

But these three pretended enemies were A'mericans. The hostilities which existed between France and the
UnitedStates,'amounted at most to a partial, limited war, according to the decision of this court in the case of Boas v. Tingey. It was only a war against French armed force found on the high seas.

It did not*authorise private hostilities between the citi-zens of the two countries. Individuals are only enemies to each other in a generalwar. The war extended only to thse objects ppinited out in the acts of Congress ; as to every thing else, the state of the two nations was to be considered as a state of peace. It was a war only uoad hoc. The individuals of the two nations were aways neutral to each other. A citizen of the United States could only be con~idered an enemy of France ivfile in arms against her; the neutrality was the counterpart, or (to; use a-mathematical expression) the complement of the war. A citizcn of the UnitedStates, peaceably navigating a neutral vessel, could not be burthened with the character of enemy.
S. The captain was a Scot by birth.

The ordinance cited from 1 Code des prises, S03. §6. in support of this objection, is in the alternative. The master of the vessel must be naturalized in a neutral country, or must have transferred his domicil to the neutral country three months before the first of September in that year. Naturalization is not necessary, if
there be such a transfer of the domicil ; and the domicil
is not necessary if the party be natturalized.

]gut the authority of Portalisshows that these decrees aie noi to be considered as laws but sub hodo.

FEBRUARY, 180 .

107 -

They are only regulations made at.particular times, KURRAY

for particular purposes.

V.
SCH00SEP

CHARMING
if the same evidence had been produced at Guadaloupe BFr.Ty. which has been brought here, (and the same would have been more easily obtained there) there can be no doubt the vessel would have been restored.

. It is in evidence that other vessels of Mr. Shattuck had been released.-

*No salvage catl.be allowed unless the dafiger was imminent, not problematical.
IV. Under all the circumstances of th6 case, Captain. Mirray acted illegally, and is.liable for damages ; whiclh have been propeily assessed.
His suBsequent conduct rendered tl'e transaction tortious ab initio- If hi was justiked iinrescuihgthe v-.ssel froiia the hands of the French, his subsequent detention 'of tle vessel, and the sale of the cargo at Plartinique by,his own agent, without condemnation' Were unanthorised acts in violation of the rights 6fnetitrelity.

.The libel says nothing of the cargo. It is first men-. tioned in the re.plicatioh. The libel only prays co..demnation of the vessel, on .the ground of violation of the'. non-intercourse law.

By lavr he was bound to bring the vessel and cargo
into a port ofthe UndtedStatesfor-adjudication, and had no authority to sell the cargo before condemnation.As to the lretenee of her being an armed French vessel, he ought to have sent the arms into port with the vessel as the only evidence of their existence.

The commander of the French privater, in his commissioj to the prize-master, calls her the Danish schooner Charming.Betsy, William Wright master.

There was no evidence to impeach the credenice due to the papers found on board of her, and which at that

108 .

SUPREME COURT U. S,.

MUERAY
V.
SCHOONER
CHARMI ' G BErsy.

tim had every appearance of fairness, and which have
since been icontestibly proved to be genuine.
The facts sated ip the piroces verbal, are that sle had no log-boo'k.-,-that the mate declared himself to be an Anerican-that the flag and pendant were Americanthat the Danish. flag had been made during the chase, which was confirmed by the two boys-and that she had no pass from the French consul. Whatever weight might be, given to thcse facts, iftrue, yet the outrageous and disorderly conduct of the crew of the privateer, entirely destroys the credit of the proces verbal, and at best it would be only the declaration of interested plun; derers.

But it is- said that, by the law of nations, probable kAuse is a suflicient excuse ; and that"this law operates as the law of nations.

. In revenue laws, probable cause is no justification, imless it is made so by the laws themselves.

This is not a war measure. If the UnitedStates were at war it was unnecessary, because the' act of trading with an enemy ig itself a ground of condemnation. This
law was passed because the- United States were not at war, and wished to avoid it; by shewing their power
over the French colonies in the West-Indles. It is a mdnicipal regulation, rs well suited to a state ofpeace as of war. Itaffects our own citizens only. It is no part
of the law of nations. What would other nations call it, were they bound to notice it ? It cap. give no right to search and seize neutrals. It could not affect their rights.

He who takes must take at his peril. The law only gives authority to seize vessels of the United States. If he takes the vessel of another nation, he must answer it.

As to the damages. Nothing can justify Captain
Murray ; but it was a mistake of the head, not of the heart. His intentions were honest. and correct, but hi suffered his suspicions to carry'him too far. If it was n error in judgmenit, shall he*have salvage ? If an injiiry has been done to the'innocent and unfortupate:

FEBRUARY, 18Q4.

109

owner, shall he have no redress? The consequences to himhi iA'ere the same, whatever might have beenthe mo-
tive. The damages have been properly assessed in the District Court. If damages are to be giaen they ought not to be less than the original cost of vessel and.,cargo, with the outfit, insurance, interest and expenfses ; and upon calculation it will be found that the damages ass's-,x sed do not exceed the amount ofthese.*

mz.ai " v.
S CHONERX
c.~nle-
BETSY.

Dallas. It is said that Mr. AShattucl never was a citi-

zen'of the United States.

What is averred.and admittdd need not be proved.

Mr.Soderstrom,in his rejoinder, expressly admits that he was once a citizen of the United States by alleging that.he had transferred his allegiance from the.gover.
ment of the UnitedStatesto his Danishmajesty.

Mr. Sbattuch'sburgher's brief, is at length, for the first time, produced and admitted to be made a part of
the record. It bears date on the 10h of April; 1797. It may here be remarkedthat some of the wit*ne.ses have testified thathe became a burgher in 1795; This shews how little reliance ought to be placed upon 'their testi-
mony. If then Mr. -Shattuck did expatriate himself, it was not until 'April.1797. It has been- conceded, that a man cannot expatriate himself unless it be done in a fit time, with fairnessof intention, and publicity of act.'.

AS to the fitness of the time. What was the situation of this country.and Prance in the year 1797.

In 1795 the Britishtreaty had excited thejealousy of Praice. In 1796 she passed several edicts highly injurious to our commerce. Mr. Pinckney had been 'sdnats an Envoy extraordinary, and was refused. Prancehad gone orn in a longcourse of injury and insult, which at
-MarhalC, h. . What would have been the law as to probable catae, if there -had been a public general war between France and the Ujpited States, and the vessel had been taken on suspicion of being a vessel ofthe United States, trading with the enemy, contrar4 to the laws of war ould probablecauieexcuse, in such a ca , if"it should turn ofut that she was a neutral ?

SUPREME COURT U. S.
MURRAY length roused the spirit of the nation. On the 14th of SCHOONER 7une 1797, the act of Congress was passed, prohibiting CHAAMING the exportation of arms-On the 23d, the act for the
BETSY defence of the.ports and harbours of the UnitedSatesSOn the 24th the act for raising 80,000 militia-On the 1st of Yuly, the ac providing a naval armament-On the 13th of rune 1798, the first non-intercourse bill was passed, and on the 7th of .uly the treaties with France were annulled.
Thiese facts shew that the time when Mr. Shattuck chose to expatriate himself, was a time of approacling hostilities, and when everything indicated war.
*As to the fairness of his intention. The game facts shew what that intention was. It .was to carry on that tade which every thing tended to shew would sopn become criminal by the laws of war, and from the exercise of which the oth6 citizens of the United States were about to be interdicted.
The act of. Congess points to this very case.. It was to prevent transagions of this nature, that the word " elsewhere" was inserted.
But why was not this burgher's brief, or a copy of it, put on board the vessel ? The answer is obvious-because it would have discovered the time of expatriation, which would have.increased the suspicions excited by the origin of the vessel, by the recent transfer, by the nature of the cargo, arid by the character of the crew.
Domicii in a neutral country gives a man only the rights of trade: it will not justify him in a violation of the laws of his country.
If then Mr. Shattuce could not expatriate himself, or if he has not expatriated himself, he is bound to qjey the laws of the UnitedStates. A nation has a right to bind, by her laws, her own citizens residing in a foreign country; as the UnitedStates have done in the act ofCongress respecting the slave trade, and in the non-intercourselaw.
The question, whether the vessel was capable of annoying our commerce, depends upon matter of fact, of which

FEBRUARY, 1804.

the court willjudge. The number of men was sufficient; the,te~timony respecting the cutlasses is supported by the
nature of the transaction and by the usage in such cases. Some arms were necessary to prevent Capt. Wright and his boys from- rising and rescuing the vessel. Circumstances are as strong as oaths, and are generally more saAisfactory.

MURXAr Sciovo.lmit CHARMIN.
BETrsr.

The vessel, having port-holes, was constructed for war. and in an hour after her arrival at Guadaloupe might have been completely equipped. Upon the principles of the* case of Talbot v. Seeman, Captain Murray was bound to guard against this, and he would have been culpable if h6" had suffered her to escape.

But it is sid that she was not in danger.of condemnation by the French, because Francehad ceased from hcer violation of the-laws of nations, because she had repealed the obnoxious arret of 18th Yanuary 1798, and because one third of the crew were not her enemies.. Admitting all this, yet if one ground of condemnation remained, she would have been condemned. The vessel was transferred
from an enemy, to a neutral, during the heat of hostilities. This alone was a sufficient ground of condemna-
ton under the ordinance already cited from. 1. Code des pri me, 304. Art. 7. In the case of Talbot v. Seeman, the ground of salvage was, that the vessel was liable to condemnation under a French arret-And that the courts of Francewere bound to carry the arret into effect.'

The conduct of Captain utrray was not illegal. He was bound ly law, as well as by his instructions, to take the vesel out of the hands of the French. It was with the consent, if not at' the request, of Captain Wright ; and it was in itself an act of humanity. His conduct was fair, upright and honorable in the whole transaction. H& offered to take securitY" for the vessel and cargo. The cargo ws.perishable ; if it'hadlbeen brought to the United States it would not have been in a merchantable condition;
or if it hid been, it would, not have sold so high here (being chiefly articles of American produce) as at Marti-.
nique. . The sale was fair and the proceeds brought to the United States to wait the event of the trial.

Probable cause is a thing of maritime jurisdiction ; and -authorities in point may be found even at common law.

i1"2

iUPRMF, .COtJRT U.'S.

Mt?-AY

If it is a municipal regulation, it is one which affects tht

ScHoNEa whole world. It is engrafted upon the law of nations. CHARMINO It is municipal only as it emanates from the municipal
BETSY. authority of the nation. But the whole wbrld is bound to %--Yi*y " iotice a law which affecis the intei sts of all nations in the

world.

As to the damages ; the principles uppn which they'are 4ssessed do not appear from the report of the assessors, but the probability. is that they were founded upon the" estiniates of the probable profits of the voyage, as stated in the lestimony of some of the witnessbs. In a c'ase of this kind, where the pufitr of intention is.admitted, it can never be proper to give speculative or vindictivedamages.t,
,Martin,in reply.
1. s to the national character of Shattzick;
He was born before the revolution ; probably in 1 '79or 1774; at least 21 vears befoie *.April 10th 1797, which iull bring it befoe the declaratibn of independence.

In Duanc'scase, it was .ecided that even if it had seen proved that he was b6rn in New-rork, yet hs'birth being before the reyolution, and having been carried t6 Ireland during tis mifiority, he w" an alien.
The rejbinder of Mr. Soderstrom does not admiit the fact, that Shattuch was a citizen of the United ;States'; but if it did, itis coupled writ an express allegation, that he had duly expatriated himself ; and if part is taken, the whsle must be taken. The words of the rejoi'nder are, "and this party expressly alleges and avers that " the said 7areaShttuch, at the several times and pe"n iods above mentioned, and long before, and in "4the intermediate times which elapsed between the ".said several times. or periods, had been, then was, "ever since hath been, and now is, a subject of his
majesty the king of Denmark,, owing allegianxce to his

4t In answer to an inquiry by the Chief futice for authorities to sup..

,port the position that probable cause is always ajustictioin in rharitinme

cases, Mr.. Dallasreferred generally to Brovn's Civil and Admirao"

Law, and to the dqcisiow- of Sir Win. Scott. ' ,

I

FEBRUARY, 1804.

113

99 said majesty, and to no other prince, potentate, state "9or sovereignty .whatever;. and that he the said Vared
Shattuck had, longbefore his said purchase of the said "schooner, duly expatriated himself from the domin"ions of the United States, to those of his said Iftajesty , "and transferred his allegiance and subjection from the "said United States and their government, to his said "majesty and his government." ,The whoh,purport of which is, that if he was. ever a citizen of-the Urited States he had expatriated himself.

M-iUL-y SCHOOvN.ER CEAEMING
B TSY.

Even "ifit was an admission of the fact, yet it could not prejudice Mr. Shattuck, as the rejoinder is by.Mr. Soderstrom.in character of.Consul of Denmark, and as the representative of the nation.

If he was born before the revolution he never owed natural allegiance to the United States ;'and if he re-. mained here after the revolution, during part of his minority, he owed only a temporary and local allegiance; during the existence of which, if he had taken up arms
against the UnitedStates, he would have been. guilty of treason; but that allegiance continued only while he was a resident of the country; he had a right to transfer such'temporary allegiance whenever he pleased. Poster
Lraw. , 183. 185.

That'he acted with a fair and honest intention is pro. ved by his bonafldiresidence and domicil for 10 or 11 years. . Brown's Civil andAdniralty Law, 328.

The navigation act of Great Britain is a municipal law, and yet a'bonafide domicil and residence of for'eigners were held sufficient to bring the persons within
its provisiQns. Comyns' Rep. 677. Scott Jui tam v. Schwartz.*
Thevage of'Sco v. Schwoartz, was an information against the Russian ship The Const nz because the master and three fourths of the mariners werenot of that country orplace, according to the .Satuteof 12. Car.2. a..18.- § 8. The ship was built in Russia, and the carge wus the product. of that country. T-he master was born out of the Russian dominions, bui in 1733 wds admitted, and ever since continued a burgher of Riga ; aind had been a residerit there, when not engaged inforeign voyages, and traded from thence, 9 years before the seizure. There were only 11 marners 6ri-board, ofwhom 4were bornin .Rmaia; Morgan a fifth was born-
P

114

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Murt-.AY
S V.
CHIARMING RTSY.

But a stronger case than that is found in 1 Bos. V Pul.430. Marryattv. Wilsqn, in the Exchequer chainber, on a writ of error from the King's bench.
In that case a natural born Britishsubject, naturalized in the United States since the peace, was adjudged to bp a citizen of the United States within the treaty, and navigation acts of Great Britain, so as to carry on a direct trade from Englandto the British East-Indies.

Thet opinion of Eyre Ch. very strong in our favour.

bee.gining in p. 439,.- is

' There is no probability that the vessel w'ould have been
condemned at Guadaloupe. Mr. Shattuck, and his course of irade, were well known there, and they had aheady
released some 9 f his vessels. Another reason is, that Bonaparte was at that time negotiating with the northern powers of Europe, to form a coalition to support the
principle-that free ships should make free goods ; and he would have succeeded, but for t.he qble negotiations of Lord Nelson at Copenhagen.

In Parkon Insurance, 363, it is said, "tIf the ground cc of decision appear to be, not on the.want of neutrality, C but upon a foreign ordinance manifestly unjust, and
" contrary to the law of nations, and tht insured has Sonly infringed stich a partial laxi ; as the condemnation did not proceed on the point of neutrality, it cannot
apply to the warranty, so as to discharge the insurer." And in support of this position he cites the case of .Mayne v. Walter.

There is no ordinance of France, which, upon the principles established in the case of the Pig ou, would have been a sufficient ground of condemnation.

in Irelandandthere bound apprentice to the master, and as suchwentwith

him to Riga, and for three or four years before the seizure, served on

board thesame ship and sailed therein from .Riga, on this and fornen

voyages. The other 6 were born out of the dominions of.Rusia, but

Stephen Hanson, one of theni, had resided t R.iga 8 years next before the

seizure-Hans Tasper 5 years.-Rein Steingrave 4 years, and Derrick An.

drews, thd cook, 7 years, and these 4, during thoseyears had sailed from.

Rigain that and other vessels.

I

It was adjudged that thesepeople were of that cou.n*orplacl, withiat
the meaning of the Statute, and-the vessel properly manned and navigated;

FEBRUARY, 1104.

The circumstances required by those ordinances are only evidence of uijeutrality,. which is always a question of hona fide. A condemnation upon either of these
ordinances alone wo.uld have been contrary to the-laW, of nations ; but if they are considered as only requiring certain circumstances tending.to establish the fact of neutrality, lhey are perfectly consistent with that law. This -i. the . light in which they have been considered by
Portalis.

MURRAY
ScuoET.
CUARMING
BnTsY.

The French 'have 'never considered our vessels ds the vessels-of an enemy. Otir -vessels have-not been condemn'd by them as enemy-property.; but their sentences have always been groupded'upon a pretended violation of some particular ordinance of France. Hence it appears
that they would not, havte considered an American vessel, sold to a Dane, as an -enemy's vessel- .transferred,to a' iheutral during a state,of Va.-

But the daim -of salvage is .an after-thought. It was

not necessary to bring her to the UnitedState to"6btai "

salvage. Salvage is a question of the laW ,of nationsi and may decided by the :courts of anrcivilized nation...

Instead 6f rendering'a service, he has. done a tenfold

injury. Captain Murray's hitentios were undoubtedly .correct and honourable, and we- do -not wish. vindictive

damages , but Mr. Shattuckwill be a loser, even if he.

gains his' cause, and recovers .the.'damages already-

assessed. -

-

Probable cause cannot justify the taking and bringimg in aneutral; but it may prevent vindictive damages.

Feb. 22d. Tarshall, Chief Justice, delivered the opi-
nion of the court ;--The CharmingBetsy was aft American built vessel, belonging to citizens ofthe Up2itedStates," -and sailed from Baltimore, under the -name of the tane, on the Toth of April, 1800, Vith a cargo of flour for St. Bartholomew's; she was sent out for the'purpose of being sold. The'cargo was disposed of at St. Bar.tholomew'W
but finding it impossible to sell the vessel at that place, the captain proceeded with her 'to the island of St. Thomas,
where she was disposed of to Vared Shattuck, who .changed her name to that of the Chfrming Betsy,. a4

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY
V.
SCHOONER
CHARMING
BETSY.

having put on board her a cargo consisting of American produce, cleared her out as a Danish.vessel for the island
of Guadaloupe.
On her voyage she was captured by a Frenchprivateer, and eight hands were put on board her for the purpose of taking her into Guadaloupe as a prize. She was afterwards recaptured by captain M1urray, commander of the Constellation frigate, and carried into Martinique. It appears that the captain of the Charming Betsy was not willing to be taken into that island; but when there, he claimed.to have'his vessel and cargo restored, as being the property'of ,tared Shattuck, a Danish burgher.

faredShattuck was.born in the United Stqtes, but had
rerioved to the islrad of St. Thomas while an infant, and -was proired'to have resided th.ere ever since the year 189
or 1790. He had been accustomed to carry on trade as
a Danish subject, had married a wife and acquired real property in the island, and also taken the oath of allegiance to the crown of Denmark in 170;.,'

Considering him as *an American citi.zen who was violating'the law prohibiting all intercourse between the United States and Franceor its dependencies, or the sale of the vessel as a mere.cover to evade that law, captain Murray sold the cargo of the Cha.rmingBetsy, which consisted of American produce, in Nartifique,'and brought the vessel into the port of Philadelphia,where she was libelled under what'is termed the non-intercourse law. The vessel and cargo were claimed by the'consl of Denmark as being the bonaf'7de property of a Danish subject.
This cause came on to be heard before the judge for the district of Pennsylvania, who declared the seizure to be. illegal], and that the vessel ought to be restored "and the proceeds of the cargo paid to the claimant or his lawful agent, together with costs and such damages as ihould be assessed by the clerk of the court, who was directed to inquire into and report the amount thereof; for which purpose he was also directed to associate with himself two intelligent merchants of the district, .and duly inquire .what damage .7aredShattuckhad sustained by reason of the premises. If they should be of opinion that the

FEBRUARY, 1804.

117

officers of the Constellationhad conferred any benefit on the owner of the CharmingBetsy by rescuing her out of the hands of the French captori, they were in the adjustmenit to allow reasoni.ble compensation for'the service.

MURRAY V.
CHARMING BETSY.

In pursuance of this order the clerk associated with himself two merchants, and reported, that having exa-
mined the proofs and vouchers' exhibited-in the cause,
they were' of opinion s..bat -the owner of the vessel and cargo had sustained dainage to the amount of 20,594 dollars and 16 cents, frorh which is to be deducted the
sum of 4,363 dollirs and 86 cents, the amoint of monies paid into court arising from the sales -ofthe cargo, and the further sum of 1,300 dollars, being the residue of the proceeds of the said sales remaining to be brought into court, 5,663 dollars and 86 cents. This estimate is exclusive, of the value of the vessel, which. was fixed at 3,000 dollars..

To this report an account is annexed, in which the damages, without pirticularizing the items on which the estimate was formed, were stated at 14,930 dollars and 30
cents.

No exceptions having been taken to this report, it was confirmed, and by the final sentence of the court captai4 Murray was ordered to pay the amount thereof.

From this decree an appeal was prayed to the circuit
court, where the decree was affirmed so far as it directed:
restitution of the vessel and payment to the claimant of the net proceeds of the sale of the cargo in Martiniqiue, and reversed for the residue.

From this decree eachparty has appealed to this court.

It is contended on the part of the captors in substance,

1st. That the vessel Charming Betsy and cargo are coxfiscable under the laws of-the United States. If not so,
2d. That the captors are entitled to salvage. If this is
against them,
3'd. That they ,ought to be excused'from damages,

118

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY because there was probable cause for seizing the vessel V. and bringing her into port.

CHARM NG

BETSY.

Ist. Is the Chzming Betsy subject to seizure and

-condemnation

for having violated a law of the United

States P

The libel claims this forfeiture under the act passed in .February,1800, further to suspend the commercial intercourse between, the UnitedStates and Franceand the dependencies ther'eof.

That act declares " that all commercial intercourse,"
&c. It has been very properly dbserved, in argument, that the building of vessels in the United States for sale to neutrals, in the islands, is, during war, a profitable business, which Congress cannot be intended, to have prohibited, unless that intent. be manifested by exprest" words or, a very plain and necessary implication..

It has also been observed that an act of Congress ought never to be construed to violate the law of nations if any
other possible construction remains, and consequently can never be construed to violate neutral rights, or to affect neutral commerce, further than is warranted by the law of. nations as understood in this .country.

These principles are believed to be correct, and they ought to be kept in vieW.in construing the act now under. consideration.

The first sentence of the act whic' describes the per-
sons whose commercial intercourse with Frqnce or her dependencies is to be pr6hibited, names any person or persons, resident within the UnitedStates or under their protection. Commerce carried on by persons within this description is declared to beeillicit.

From persons the act prbieeeds to things, and"declares e~plicitly the cases in which the vrssels employed in this illicit commerce shall be forfeited. Any vessel Qwned, hired or employed wholly or in part by any per-
son residing witfiin the United States, or by any citizen therebf residing elsewhere, which shall perrorm certin

. FEBRUARY, i804.

acts recited in the law, becomes liable to forfeiture. It seems to the court to be a correct construction of these words to say, that the vessel 'must be of this description, r4ot at the time of the passage of the law, but at the time when the act of forfeiture shall be committed. The cases bf forfeiture are, 1st. A vessel of the description mentioned, which shall be voluntarily carried, or shall be destined, or permittedto proceed to any port within the French Republic.. She must, when carried, or destined, or pdrmitted to proceed to, such.port, be a vessel within the de'scription of the ace. . .

MURRAY-
v.
CHARMING
Erry.

The second class oC' ases are .those where vessels
shall be sold, bartered,. entrusted, or transferred, for the purpose that the/ may prodeed to such port or place. This part of the- section makes the crime of the sale
dependent oh the purpose for which it was made. If it was Intended that any American vessel sold to.a neutral should, in the possessibn of that neutral, 'be liable, to the commeroal disabilities imposed "onher while she belonged to citizens of the UnitedStates, such extfaordinary intent ought to have been plainly expressed; and if it was designed to prohibit tre sale._of. American vessels io neutrals, the words placing. the forfeiture on the intent With which the sale was made ought "not to have been inserted.

The third class of cases are those vessels which shall be employed in abv tmffic by or'for any person resident within the terrItoriesof the French Republic, or any of: its dependencies.
In these cases tco the vessels must be within the description of the act at the time the fact producing the forfeiture was committed.

The 7a, -having been coirpletely transferred in the island of . "Thomas, by a boafide sale to faredShat-. tuck,. and the forfeiture alleged to have accrued on- a fact subsequent to that transfer, the liability of the vessel to forfeiture must depend on the inquiry whether the purchase was within the descriptiori of the act.

'ared Shattuck having been born within the United

120

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MuRVtR. AY
ScaooKEP.
CHARMXNG BFr-sy.
Y

States, and not being proved to have expatriated him-
self according to any form prescribed by law, is said to remain a citizen, '4ntitled to the benefit and subject to the disabilities imlbsed upon American citizens ; and, therefore, to come expressly Within the description of the act which comprehends American citizens residing elsewhere.

Whether a person born within the Unit'd States, or becoming a citizen according to the established laws of the country; can4divest himself absolutely of that character otherwise than in such manner as may be prescribed by law, is a question which it is.Jot necessary at present
to decide. The cases cited- at bar and the arguments drawn from the general conduct of the United States
on this interesting subject, seem completely to establish the principle that an American citizen may acquire in a foreign country, the 'commercial privileges attached to his domicil, and be exempted from the operation of an act expressed in such general terms as that now under consideration. Indeed the very expressions of th6 act" would seem to exclude a person under the circumstan-
ces of 7aredShattuck. He is not "a person under the protection of the UnitedStates. The American citizen
who goes into a foreign country, although h e owes local and temporary allegiance to that country, is yet, if he performs no other act changing his condition, entitled
to. the protection of our government ; and if, withovt the violation of any inunicipal law, he should be oppressed unjustly, he would have a. right to claim that protection, and the interposition bf the. American go-
vernment in his favour, would be considered ajustifiable
interposition. But his situation is completely changed, where by his own act he has made himself the subject of a foreign power. Although this act may not be sufficient to rescue him from punishment for any crime committed against the Uvited States, a point not intend.
ed to be decided, yet it eartainly places, him out of the protection of the United States while within the territory of the sovereign to whom he has sworn allegiance, and consequently takes him out of the description of
the act.

It is theJefore the opinion of the court, that the

FEBRUARY, 1804,

hCehrarremcaipntgixBi ettshye, bwointahfihdeerp'rcorpgeor,tyboefinagDaatntihsehbtiumrgeheot,f'- S*. -"y.nr

is not forfeitable

in ctnsequeneje~dof ier being emloyed'

GROONZ*
Ca zG

-in carrying on trade .and, commerce with a tF~ench §aZT$i.

island.

The vessel not.being liable to confiscation, the cows

is 6r6ught tp the second question, which is - "

2. Are. the recaptors entitled to .salvage?-

In The case of the Amelia* it wis dicided, on "mature onsiderition' that a etrutral armed vessel in possession. of the Prenchmight, in the then existing state of hos. tilities between'the two' nations, be lawfully captured;
and" if theie were well founded reasons for the opinion that'sh-e was in imminent hazard of being cbndemned *p ,ahprize, the recaptors would be entitled to salvage. The court is well satisfied with the decision given in 'that case,. and "consideis Wt'as a precedent not to be de-
P6arted from' in othe- cases attended with"circumstances substantially similar to those of the Amelia. One of these circumstances ib, that the vessel should be in a conditioh to annoy Americancommercp' .

The degree of arming which sh'ould bring a vessel
Vwithin this .description has not been agcertainbd, and p-whaps it would be difficult precisely to mrk the limits, fh passing of which would bring a capture4 vessel within'the. des'crip.'an uf the acts of Congress t&.'*s subjeet. But althoigh there may be difcuiyiome cas's, there'appears to be none in this. According td the testimony of the case, there was on boa 4 but one musket, a few ouices -of powder, 'and a' few balls. *The testimony respcting the cutlasses i' not co~iiidd as shewing that they were ii the' Vessel at the time o her recap e. The capacil r of this vessel for offence *appears not sufficient to wanant the capture of her as an armed vessel. 'Neither is it proved to the satisfa&' tion of the court, that, the Charming Bets'y'was i4 such imminent hazard of being condemned as to entitle the recaptors to salvage.
0 .ntevol. .P. 1.

122

SUPREME-'COURT U. S.

MURRAY
v.
CARMING
BETSY.

It remains to inquire whether there was in this case such probable cause for sending in the CharmingKetsy for adjudication as:.'iU justify captain 2liurrayfor~having broken up*fer voy~ge, and-excuse him from the damages iustained thereby.

To effect this there must have been stbstantial reason for believing her to have been at the 'time wholly or in
att an 4nericanvessel, within the description of the act, or hiredA.r employed by Americans, or sold, bartered, or trusted for the g r.pose of carrying on trade to som, port or place belongiW to the French.Republic.

The crcumstances relied upon are prlncipall:, 1st. -The proces-verbalof the French captors.

"zd. That'she was a'Americanbuilt vessel.
S Tha the sale was recent.
4th. That'the'captain was a Scotchman, and'the mpstir roll shewed that the crewr were not Danes.
5th.. The general praaice in'the Danishislands of covering neutral property.
".'1st.Theproces verbal contains 'an assertion that the mate declar6d thabt he was hn American, ana'tlat their fla'g had been -American, and had. beensehanged during the cruise td Danish; whic4' delartiol Was confirmed- by s.veral-of the crew.

If the mate had really been an American, the vessel
-Would not on..that account have been liable to forfeiture, nor should that fact have furnished any conclusive testirn'ony of the character of the vessel. The proces verbal
hbwever ought for several reasons to have been suspected. The general conduct of the French West-India cruisers and the very circumstance of declaring that the Danish colors were made during the chase, were'sufficieht to destroy the- credibility of the proces verbal. Captain .Miurray ought not to have believed that an America'n'vessel trading to a French port in the assumed character of a Danish bottom, would have been withoit Danish colors.

PEBRUARY, 1804.

103

-.That ihe was an-.Americanvessef'and that the sale was MtRn-Y

recent, cannot be admitted to fdrnish just cause of suspi-,

v.

- cion.,unless the sale of Anerican buili vessels had been an CHARzoMG

illegal or-an unusual act.

BET-SY.

That .the captain -was' a Scotclman and that the names of the ,rew were not g~nerally Dainish,are circumstances of"small import, when it is recollected that a very great
proportion of the inhabitants of St. Thomas6. areBritish and Americans.

SThe praciie of cdvering American, property in'.the islands might and wouidtjustity captain Murray in giving to other causes of "su§picion more weight than they woul4 Qtherwise be entitled to, but cannot be itself a motive'foi
seizure.. If it was, no neutral vessel could: es'pe, for this g'ound of suspicion would be applicable to them

These causes bf suspicion taken together .ought not to

- have been deemed sufficient to counterbalance the evidence "of fairness with which they were opposed- - Th6 ship's

papers appear to have been perfectlyr correct, and the infor-

Tnation of the captain uicont'adicted by those belonging to

the vessel who were taken. with him, corroborated their

verity. No circumstance existed,, which ought to have.

discredited them. That a certified copy.of Shattuck'.s

oath, as a -Danishsulfject, was not -onboard, is immate--

- rial; because, being apparently' on all'the papers a burgher

*and it being .tnknQu.n that he -(vas- born in. the Unied"

States, the question" vhether he had ceased.to bL-a citizen

of the.UnitedStates could not present itself.

·-- ·

Nor was.it material that the power given by the owners
of th e vessel, to'thei captain to sell her in the West-Indie', was not exhibited. It certainly was not necessary toe4-hibitthe instructions under'whichthe yessel was acqub ed, when the fact of acquisition was fully proved by tb " documents on board and byotner testinny, -

Although there does. itioappear te- have-I cem~uch 'cause to suspect. the Chainziig Betsy and bhe .csro to'.
have been Anierican, ai would Justify:jgapI87h iAwray in bringing her in for avjadication,-yet man' o.txle.rcumstances- coitbinr lyitkihe fairusi Qf his r c.f"to pro- -

124

SUPREME COURT U. S

MultAv
SOUO0vl.NERR
.i;ARX KG Bm'rsv.

duce a coixviction that he acted upon correct motives,
from a sense of dut4; for which reason this hard case ought not to be reindered still 'more so by a 4epision in any respect oppressive.

His orders were such as- might well have ind.ued him

to consider this as an armed vessel within.the law, sailing

under authority-from the French republic; aid such too

as might well have induced him to trust to very light sus-

picions respecting the real character of a vessel appearing

to -belong to on -of the neutral islands. A public officer

entrusted on the tngh seas to perform, a duty deemed fie-

cessary by his- country, and executing according to the

best of his judgment the!:qrders he has received, if he is a

victim of any misfake he commits, 'ought certainly never

to be assessed with 'viidictive or speculative damages. It

is fiot only ihe duty of the court'to relieve him from'such

when they plainly appear to have been imposed on him,

- but no sentence .against him ought to'be affirmed. where,

from the nature ofthe proceedings, the whole case appears

upon the record, unless those pr6ceedings are such-as to

shew on *hafthe'decree'has been foundedi and to sup6ort

that decree.

-

* Inthea e at bardamages re'assess.ed'as theywoild be by the -verdic of.tlejur,, without any specifications iff items whi h ca "shewhow.the account was niade up, or on what .principlesfhe'sum given, as'dimaes ias assessed. This -,Wdde b proceeding.would 'not.be approved of if it was. Sererr orobable from the testimony cotained in the record
thatfie sti. rgpoited by the commissioners of the dis,trict court was ielly tie- sum due. The district couft. ,ought.not to hl.'e been satisfied with a report giving a grossim in idamages uilaceompanied by any explanation, ,of th6 principles bit which -that 'sum was given. It is trueiapthin,Narray ough to h'aie excepted to this:report.
4is-:not htving done so hokvever does not cuie an error pparent upor! it4 and the o9rission to shew how the damages which were given hd accrued, so as tq enable the udge to decide on the. propriety of the assessment of "iicommissioners,.is such ai error.

Although the court would-in any case disapprove of
jjtisn ode of proceediig, yet.in order to save.the parties - ie co.ts of further prosecuting-this b.siness in the. circuit

FEBRUARY, 1804.

1:25

'court, the error which has been sftted might have been )zrRAY
passed over, had it not appeared probable. that the sum, SCROONER for which the. decree of the "distridtcourt was render- C.,,oING -ed, is really greater than it o'ught to have been according BETsY. to the principles:by whih the claim should be adjugted. ',vs-'

This tourt is not therefore satisfied with.eitherithe decree
of the district or circuit court, and has directed me to report the following decree:-

Decree of-the 6~urt.
THIS cause came oD to be-heard on.the transckipt of ·th-er.ecord of th circuit court,. arid was argued by coun-. sel; oA.consideration whereof, it isadjudged, ordered,' and decreed, as follows, to wit: -That'thq decree of the circuit court,. so far as it affirms the decree of the district court, which directed restitution of the vessel, and payment to the claimafit of the net proceeds of the sale of the -cargo in Martinique,- deducting the costs and charges" there, according, to amount exhibited br capt.
furray'&agent, .being one of the exhibits in the cause, andto far as it directs the parties to bear their own costs, be affirmed; .and that the residue of the said decree, whereby the claim of the, owner to darnges for the sei. zure and detention of his vessel was rejected,be reversed.

And the court, proceeding to give such further decree as'the 'circuit court ought to have given; 'doth further adjudge, order, aniidecree, that so much of tlie-decree:
of the district court as adjudges the libellant to pay costs and. damages, be affirmed; but that the iesidue thereof, by which the said damages are estimated at'20,594 dollas, 16 cents, and by which -the libellant was directed to pay that sum, be reversed and annulled. And this court does further order and decree, that the cause be remanded to the circuit court; with directions to refer it to commissioners, to ascertain the damages sustained bythe claimants, in consequence of the refusal of the libellant to testore the vessel and cargo at Martinique,
and in consequence of his sending her into a port of thit United State's for adjudication ; and that the si4 commissioners be' instructaed to take the actual prime. cost Oek
the cargo and vessel, with interest thereon, including

126

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MURRAY
V.
S CHO01q]R
CHARMING BE'TrY.
Y

the insurance .actuallUypaid,. and such expenses as were neces,sa%rily sustaine.d in 'consequen-c-e of bringing"the
vessl 'into the United States, as the standard by which the damages ought to be measured. Each party to pay his own costs in this court and iii the circuit court.All which is ordered and decreed accordingly.

A true -copy.

-E.B. CALDWELL, Clerk Sup.*Couri U. States.

'Cajthin XMi2rray was reimbursed his damagers, interest and charges. out of the Treasry of th* Unted Staews,1y an act of CongrA,.Yanuary 31st, 1805.

CAPRoV.

CPRON v. VAN NOORDEN;
' "

). o- ERROR to the Circuit Court of North-Carolina. The

1proeeedings stated Van Noorden to be late ofPittcounty,

A plintiff- -but did not allege Capron, th6 plaintiff, to be an alien,

may assign for nor a citizen of-a-ny'state; nor the place ofhis residence.

error the

n

want of jurisdiction in that

Upon the general issue, in an action of trespass on

court to which the case, a verdict was .found for the defendant, Van

to resct.

Noorden, upon~which judgment was rendered.

A party may

take adva..

The writ of'Error was sued out oy Capron, the

rot in htis' fa- plaintiff below, who assigfied. for error, among other

VOr.ifit be an things, first" That the ciicuit court aforesaid is a court

error of the "of limited jurisdiction, 'and that by the record afore-

Court-

"said itdoth not appear, as itought to have done, that

The Courts of cc itrth o a r, asroit o the donertat

the U. S. havw either the said Gorge Capron, or the said Hadrianus

not jurifsdic-

VarNoorden was an alien at the time of the commence-

trieocnordnlselsiesvtshe "ment of said suit, or at any other time, or that one of

thatteparties "thte'seaid parties was at that or any other time, a Eiti-

are eitizes-of 1"zen of the state of' North-Carolinawhere the suit .vas

differcnt

"'brought, -and the other a citizen of another state ; or

states' or tbat "that they the said George and Hadrianus were for

oneis an alien, " causepersons

of

.

any causewhatever,

within thejurisdiction

" the said court, and capable of suing and being sued

"there."'

