SUPREME COURT U, S.-

MA1L74GJ MILLIGAN, ADMINISTRATOR OF MILLI.

MILL.IGE

GA.N. .v, M.ILLEDG, & WIFE.*

M DILELDGE

A plea in ERROR to the circuit. court for the district of bar to a bill in Georgia, in chancery sitting.
chancery, denying only
part of thp \ The object of the bill was to recover from the de.
staterd.infatchtse fendants, as l'egatees and devisees of George Galphin, i t
bill, is not deceased, a debt due by him to the complainant s in, good. A mere testate, as surviving partner, of Clark and Milligan. enial of facts The bill - charges, that Clark, and Milligan were meri*s1n parnospwerer,for chants in London; that Milligan survived Clark, and

but not for a that the complainant is the administrator of Milligan,

plea.

the survivor; that in the year 1770, they supplied

The want of George Galphin with goods; that in 1773, George

proper'parties

Is not a good Galphin requested them by letter to supply goods to

plea, if the his three sons, Thomas, Georgeand John, his nephew

bill sug ests David Holmes,, and John Parkinson, under the firnM

that such par- of Galphin 4nd Holmes; that on the credit of G,
ties are out of

the jurisdic- Galphin, the elder, they shipped *goods, &c. to te tion of the said company.
court.

The want of
proper parties is not sufficfoierndtissgmroisusnigd te bilL

That in 1776,G. Galphin, the elder, wrote to Clark and Milligan,-to furnish goods to the said company, at their store in Pensacola, and that he would see them

paid ; that relying on the said engagement, they shipped further goods to the said company at Pensacola1 and on the 31st of December, 1780, G. Galphin, the

elder; owed,

sterling.

For himself,

£1,120 1 9

For Galphin', Holmes & Co,

1,29Q 5 3

And, Jan. 1, 1784, for the Pensacola firm, 3,959 15 9

al Qf, which is now due and unpaid.

*Present, Marshall, Ch. J. Chisng, Pateriop and Washbigton,
.3Justices.
This cause was.called for argument on the 2d of March, but the counsel not having prepared statements of the points for the cpurt; agr eably to the rule, the court refused then to hear It.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

221

ThiatG. Galphin, the elder, died testate in 1781, or 1782 andduly appointed James Parsons, John Graham, Laughlin M'Gilvrav, John Parkinson, William
Dunbar, and his-sons, John, George and Thomas Galphin, his executors; and left real and personal estate, sufficient to pay all his just debts.

UX.LLIZOJU V.

That all the exedutors declined the trust, excepting

the three sons ; that the copartnership of Galphin,

Holmes & Co. was dissolved on the

day of

without any funds for the payment of their debts;

that John and George Galphin, two of the executors,

never meddled with the deceased's estate, having been

long insolvent, are not within reach of the process of

this court, are unknown to the complainant, and gone

,to places out of his knowledge.

ThatWiriam Dunbar is dead, leaving no assets of $he deceased's estate.

That David Holmes is dead, and left no property, to the knowledge of the complainant.

That Thomas Galphin and John Parkinson are out of the jurisdiction of the court, and not possessed of ;tny propertyj to the knowledge -of the complainant.

That John Milledge, and Martha his wife, who is daughter of G. Galphin, the elder, and a principal legatee and devisee under his-will, have received, and .are possessed of, lands, negroes, and assets of the estate of her father, which came to,them by descent, deviie, or distribution, and liable to the claim of the'complainant.

That Thomas, who resides in South-Carolina, holds
no property of the deceased in South-Carolina ; that the assets in that state have all been exhausted in saisfying.piior judgments, or otherwise.

That all the assets are in Georgia, in the hands of
MIilledge and -wife, who must be considered as the agents and trustees of the executor, Thomas Galphin, pr bf the creditors2 and liable to account for the same.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MI.*LIGAN
M. oE
A"ID WIFE.

Milledge and wife, the only persons made defendrots in the bill, pleaded in bar, as'follows:
IThe plea of Martha Milledge, one of the defend. ants to the bill of complaint of William Milligan.

" The- end of the "complainant's bill is to render
liable to the payment and satisfactionof an unliquidated demand on an open account, said to be due by the estate of George Galphin, in his own right, and as security and guarantee for Galphin, Holmes and com. pahy, certain property, real and personal, which is charged by the complainant to -have come into the hands and possession of this defendant, as one of the devisees' and legatees of the said George Galphin, de.
ceased.

" This defendant, by protestation not confessing all or any of the matters contained in the said bill to be true, in such manner and form as the same is therein set forth and alleged, doth plead in bar of -the same, and for plea saith, that the complainant states that David Holmes, late copartner in the house of Galphin, Hol"mes 4r"Co. and David Holmes and Co. is dead, and left no property or legal representatives, at his decease, within the state of Georgia; that neither John Parkinson, nor William Dunbar, have ever qualified on-the-will of George Galphin, And have never come irito the possession of any of' the estate of the said George Galphin, or if-they have, that it is disposed of and exhausted; that Thomas Galphin holds no property or estate of the said George Galphin, and that the assets of the said estate in the state of South-Carolina, have all been exhausted in satisfying prior judgments,
or otherwise.
" But this defendant avers, that the said David Holmes died .possessed of considerable estate, real and personal, part of which, if not all, mudt be in pos. session of his legal representatives; that William Dunbar yualiqed on the will of the said George Galphin, and died, leaving in the possession of his executors, administrators or legal representatives, considerable estate,'real and personal, which he got, either by being

FEBRUARY, 1805.

223

one of the qwalilfed and acting executors on the said will, or by his intermarriage with Judith Galphin, one of the devisees and legatees under the will of zhe said - George.

MbULLZCa-I
MVLDPE
. wz.

" A1nd this defendent further -avers, that Thomas Galphin and John Parkinson, charged and stated to be 'two of the surviving copartners of Gaphin, Holmes & Co. and-David Holmes & Co. of which this defendant knoweth not, and said Thomas Galphin, being now
the only 'acting and qualified executor of the last will and testament of, the said George Galphin, are, and this defendant is ready to show, that they must be in -possession of coipsiderable real and personal estate, derived from the estate of the said George Galphin, deceased; that they are the proper persons lible and interested to contest, and who can with safety contest, the 'complainant's demands, if any he has, and the relief prayed in the said bill.

" And this dfendant doth further aver, that tho debt or demand of the complainant, if any doth exist, originated in the state of South-Carolina; that all ma-
terial, necessary, and indispensable and requisite parties, to wit, the said Thomas Galphin and John taikinson, and thp executors, administrators or legal representatives of William Dunbar, live, and notoriously and openly reside, in the state of South-Carolina, and in possession of estates, real and personal, sufficient to
pay the complainant's demand, if any he has, and which estates and -property are more particularly liable to the said demand, if any he has; and that the said parties are also amenable and compellable to appear to any suit or bill brought against them by the said complainant, for his said demand, if any he has, in' the
state aforesaid. All of which facts are in the knowledge of the complainant, and to him well known, before the filing of his said bill, for that the complainant also lives and resides in the state of South-Carolina; that this defendant is an entire stranger to, and ignorant of -the merits and justice. of the claim set up by the complainant, not being named as executrix inn the will 6ftthe said George Galphin, or ever having intermcddled with the concerns of the said estate, or any wfys

SUPREME COURT U. 9.

MILTSVLt.o*A
VIL.DOZ AND W,
%

interested in the copartnership aforesaid. All whilematters this defendant doth aver and plead, in bar of
the complainant's said bill, and of his pretended de. mands, for which he seeks to be relieved by his said bill. And this defendant prays to be hence dismissed, with her reasonable costs, in this behalf most wrongfulty sustained."

This plea was sworn to, before ajustice of peace,

The plea of John Milledge was the samef in sub. stance, as that of hi wife.

There was also a joint and several answer of Milledge and wife, which states no other facts than the following: viz. " That there never did exist any secret or special trust, promise, covenant, or under-
standing, between these defendants and the executors of George Galphin, the elder, deceased, as charged in the bill of complaint; or did these defendants, or either of them, ever give any bond of indemnity, or other security whatever, to be accountable to Thomas Galphin, or John Parkinson, or any or either of the executors of the said George, for any property, real or personal, which might have come into the possession, or held by either of these defendants. That there does not now exist any secret or special trust, promise, covenant or understanding between these defendants and the executors aforesaid. And the'e defendants do, jointly and severally, deny all manner of unlawful combination,1 ' &c. "withbut that, that any other matter or thing in the said bill of complaint contained, material or necessary for these defendants to answer unto, not herein answered unto. All whidh matters and things these defendants are ready to aver and maintain," &c.

At May term, 1803, of the circuit court, holden by his honor, Judge Moore, the only entries on the ttanscript of the record which came up, are, as follows: "Bill and amended bill." "Plea and answers." " On argument the plea sustained." There is ho entry of a
demurret', or motion, or of any other proceeding, except the continuances, after filing the pleas and answers until the May term, 1803.

FEtRUTAR-k, 1805.

At May term, 1804, of the circuit court, holden by his honor, Judge Johnson, the following decree was made.

71ILLICA.N
V.
AND wrIP.

"This cause came on to be heard this 14th day of
May, in the year of our Lord, 1804, upon the bill and exhibits, and the pleas and answers of the defendants; whereupon, it appearing that in the term of May, 1803, before the honourable Alfred Moore,
one of the judges of the said court, the cause was heard upon the bill and the pleas, arid that after argument, it was adjudged by the court, at the term of May, 1803, that the said plea be sustained; and it appears that the complainani hath not replied to the said plea. It is therefore ordered and decreed, that the bill of complaint be dismissed, in pursuance and conformity to the decision of the court at the said term, upon the said plea, the same appearing to the court, to be conclusive on the merits of the complainant's bill,
Dated at Savannah, the day and year before written.
WILLIAM JOHNSoN, Jun.

The complainant sued out his writ of error, and assigned for error,

1st. That by the said decree it is adjudged and de.
creed, that the plea in bar aforesaid, and the matters therein contained, are sufficient to debar the complainant from the discovery and relief sought after by his
said bill of complaint, and are conclusive on the merits thereof, and that, therefore, the said plea should be sustained as a valid -and sufficient answer to the bill of the complainant. Whereas, the said plea is altogether irrelevant and insufficient, and contains no matter, which, in law or equity, ought to bar the discovery and relief sought after by the bill aforesaid.

2d. That by the said decree, it is adjudged that the

bill be dismissed, whereas, by the law of the land,

and the rules of equity, a decree ought to have been

made in favour of the complainant, for want of -a suf-

Vol. 11L

G g

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MILLIGAN
V.
Mi r.L DG E
Alin WiFn.
"' .'

ficient answer upon the nierits of the said bill, as to the relief prayed thereby.
.Key, for plaintiff in error, contended, that the pleas in bar were insufficient and informal, and contained matter not proper for a plea.

The defence proper for a plea, must be such as reduces the cause to a partiiular point, and from thence creates a bar to the suit'; 'and is to save the parties ex. pense in examination. It is not every good defence in
equity, that is likewise good as a plea ; for where the defence consists of a variety of circumstances, there is . o use of a plea ; the examination must still be at lar;e ; and the effect of allowing such a plea, will be, that the court will give their judgment on the circumstances of the case, before they are made out by proof. 1 Atk. 54. Chapman v. Turner.

A plea cannot be a mere denial of facts charged in the bill; for such matter-is only proper for an answer. But such a plea may be permitted t6 stand for an answer, with, leave to except 'to its insufficiency. I
Brown, Ch.Ca. 408, 409, 410.

The plea in this case sets forth five several distinct
and independent matters, each of which isa denial of
some allegation in the bill, and is, therefore, not proper for a plea,, but for an answer. Nor do they go to make up one defence.

The most that can be said of the plea is, that it
shows 'that fhere are other persons who ought to be made parties in the cause. Considered in this view', it may be supposed, perhaps, as iequiring that Thomas Galphin, J. Parkinson, the representatives of David Holmes, and those of W. Dunbar, should have been made parties.

There can be no ground of requiring the represen-
titives of Holmes to be made parties, because we seek relief only against the estate of G. Galphin, the elder, and not against that of Holmes. As to the representatives of Dunbar, even if it be true that he qualified

FEBRUARY, 1865.

as executor, yet we are not bound to proceed against them, as there is an executor surviving. We ask no
relief against Parkinson, and, therefore, we need not make him a party. And as to Thomas Galphin, he
is expressly alleged in the bill, and admitted in the plea, to be out of the jurisdiction of' the court, and therefore, we werd not bound to make him a party.
This is expressly laid down by .itford, in his treatise of pleading, p. 93, who says, " if a want of proper parties is not apparent on the bill, a defendant may plead it; and a plea of this nature goes both to the discovery and the relief. But where a sufficient reason is suggestedby the billfornot 7lakingthe necessaryparty; as where a personal representative is a necessary party, and the bill states that the representation is in contest, in the ecclesiastical court ; or where a necessaryparty is residentabroad, dut of theijirisdictionof the court, and the bill chargesthatfact; or where the bill seeks a discovery of the necessary parties, a plea for want of 'partieswill not be allowed. A plea for watit of parties to a bill, for a discovery merely, will not hold ; for the plaintiff in that case seeks no decree." Frec. in Ch.
83. Cowslad v. Cely. 2 .Atk. § 10. Darwentv. Wlalton.

'TLLmr.
M!ILLE'DOU
A.D wir.

As far as our bill seeks for relief, we could recover at law, against the defendants, as executors in their own wrong. It is true, that in equity, an executor de son tort is nqt known, but whenever a person would, at law, be executor de son tort, he will, in equity, be considered as a trustee for the creditors.

Real estate is in Georgia considered as assets. (See the case of Telfair v. Stead's executors,- in this court at this term, ante, vol. 2, 407.)

The bill charges that the defendants have assets.

All the facts charged in the bill, and not denied in the plea or answer, are to be considered as admitted.

The bill also charges, that there are no assets in South Carolina.

We were, therefore, obliged to go against the assets in Georgia.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

X, r A L.O
AND WIFE.

It is no bar to say, that there is an executor in South
Carolina who has no assets ; and it was not necessary that we should make such an executor a party,

MARSHALL, Ch. J. The only question is, whether
it is not necessary that you should bring a suit against the executor in South Carolina, to establish the debt ; because, as to that, he is the proper person to defend. After having obtained such ajudgment, the complainant would be at liberty to follow the estate in the hands of the defendants, in Georgia. It is not necessary to consider them is executors in their own wrong.; fo
you may proceed against devisees or legatees, if the executor has no assets.

Key. If the bill is against the heir, it is not necessary to make the executor a party,

MARSHALL, Ch. J. But that is, where the heir is the proper ptrson to defend.

Key. It is not necessary to make the executor a party; when we can have no relief against him, 2 E. Ca. Ab. 167. But if he ought to be a party, yet itis cause for dismissing the'bill.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. No doubt of that. The bill
might have stood over to make new parties.

March 6.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. The court is of opinion, that the court below erred in admitting the pleas, and dismissing the bill.

Judgment reversed.*
The decree of reversal was as follows: "T h is cause coming on to be heard and considered, and counsel on the part of the u'zpellant being heard, and.the bill, pleas, and answers, being read and considered,
Itis adjudged, ordered and decreed, that the decree of th2 circuit court be reversed, with costs of this appeal ; that the plew of the defendants be overruled, and that they be ordered and decreed to answer the bill exhibited against them."

FEBRUARY, 1805.

19

WILSON v. CODMAX's EXECUTOR.*

WILSo
V.
E-FCU-ion.

ERROR from .the circuit court of the district of In a declara.

Columbia, sitting at Alexandria.

tion, the aver-

ment that the

It was an action of debt originally brought by John aaspsrigonmmimernt of

Codman,.as assignee of a promissory note made by the note wamss r defendant, Wilson, to Andrewi and William Ramsay4f ote rearrd

The declaration was as follows, viz. " John Codman, i! an iMmate-

assignee

of Andrew

Ramsay

and

William

Ramsay,

riaalverment,
and need not

complains of William Wilson, in custody, &c. of a be proved. If

plea that he render unto him the sum of 1,038 dbllars the defendant and 80 cents, which to him he owes, and from him un- plead the

justly detains, &c. for this, to wit, that whereas the the indosor

said defendant on the 26th day of June, 1799, at Alex- in bar, arepliz andria, inthe county aforesai"d, .by his certain note in cthataitonthestantiontge

writing, subscribed with his proper hand and name, has given to

and to the court now here produced, the date whereof, the indorsor,

&c. did promise to pay to the said Andrew and Vil- in trutfor the

liam Ramsay, or order, forty-five days after date, plaintn is not

a departure

1,038 dollars and cents, for value received, negotia- from the de.

ble in the bank of Alexandria; 'and the said Andrew claration

and William Ramsay, afterwards, to wit, on the 23d which alleges

day of October,

inthe year of

our Lord 1802, at the

the note to
have been i.

county aforesaid, by their certain writing indorsed on yen by the de-

the said note, and subscribed with their proper hands fendantforva-

and names,

assigned the

saidnote to

the saidplainti

,lue received. , claims

a-

for value received, of which assignment the said de- gaist the

fendant afterward., to wit, &c. had notice ; by means agent cannot whereof,' and by force of the act of assembly of Virgi- be offset
gainst the
nia, in such case made and provided, before the year principal.

1801, action accrued," &c. There was an office-judg- Upon the meat against the defendant and his appearance-bail, death of the
plaintiffi and appearance of

Present, .arihatl, Ch.J. Cuhing, .Pateonand Justices.

wahington,

j"An act of assembly of Virginia authorises an assignee of a

promissory note to maintain an action of debt in his own name,

against the maker of ti note.

Vol. II.

C c

his executor, the defendant is not entitled to a continuance. Iluthe
may insist on
the produc-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILsoN to set aside which, the latter pleaded nil debet for his V. principal, at June term, 1803.

CODMAN'S

Exculroi.

.At

December term, 1803, the suit was entered aba-

tion of the ted by the plaintiff's death. Afterwards, at the. stme

letters testa-rm, on the motion of Stephen Codman, by his attor.

mentary, be-tem th

fore the exe- ney, it was ordered, " that the said Stephen Codman,

cutor sh.dl be executor of John Codman, deceased, be made plaintiff

permitted to in this suit, with leave to prosecute the same."

prosecute.

At June term, 1804, the defendant gave special

bail, and " moved the court for a rule upon the plain-

tiff to grant oyer of'his letters testamentary, to enable

the defendant to answer the plaintiff, which was oppo-

sed by the plaintiff's attorney, a nd the motion was re-

fused by the court," whereupon the defendant took a

bill of exceptions. The plea put in by the appear-

ance-bail for the principal, was withdrawn, and the

latter pleaded, 1st, nil debet, upon which issue wag

found, and, 2d, that' before the. 23d day of October,

1802, the time stated in the declaration, when A.

and W. Ramsay are supposed to have assigned the

said note to the said John Codman, the said A.

and, W. Ramsay had bt en declared bankrupts, &c.

and on the

day of March 1802, hao duiy (;b-

tained their' final discharge, &c. To this plea the

plaintiff replied, that on the 20th of June, 1799, the

defendant was justly indebted to John Codman, the

testator, in the sum of 1,038 dollptrs and 80 cents, anti

in consideration thereof, on that day made and t xe-

cuted the promissor.N note in tht declaration mentiont d,

fo" that sum, to A. an6 W. Ramsay, as the agents of,

and in trustfor the use qoJ the said John Codsnan, the

testator; and coneluded with a verification. TJo this

replication the defendant demurred specially ; 1st.

Be ause it is a departure from, and is inconsistent with,

the declaration, in this, that the declaration affirms, that

the said note was payable to Andrew and William

Ramsay, for value received, and was by them assigned,

for value received, to the said Jthn Codman ; and the

replication affil ins, that the said note was executed and

deliveredto the said A. anti W. Ramsay, as the agents

of, and in trust for the use of, the said John Codman.

2d. Because the plaintiff, in his replication, ought to

FEBRUARY, 1805.

have traversed the plea, and tendered gn issue thereupon, and ought not to have replied the said special
matter, and concluded with a verification. 3d. Because the said replication is informal and insufficient, &c.

WILSON; V.
CODMA C~'B
Exxcu rQr.
.w-y-%.1

Upon this demurrer the court below adjudged the issue in law for the plaintiff.

Upon the issue in fact, the jury found a verdict also for the plaintiff; and on the trial four bills of exception were taken by the defendant. The 1st was to the refusal of the court to instruct the jury, that the plaintiff ought to produce in evidence his letters testamentry, to bnable him to maintain the issue on his part.

The 2d bill ofexceptions stated, " that the defendant produced testinony to the following facts : viz. that A. and W. Ramsay, on the 13th of August, 1799, when, the note in the declaration mentioned became due, were indebted to him on their own account in a large sum of afoney' to wit, in the sum of 8,000 dollars, and continued indebted to him always thereafter, to that or agreater amount, until they became bankrupt, in November, 1801. That they had taken the said note for the use and benefit of John Codman, and not for their own, and were authorised, as his agents, to receive payment of the said note for his use, from the date thereof, until the day of May, 1800. That the said.John Codman urged paymcnt to be made; and during this-period of time, sundry payments in money -were made to the said A. and W. Ramsay, by the de-
fehidant, who, at the time of .making such payments, did not mention any definite purpose or use for which they were made. That the said Andrew and William Ranmsav, during the period aforesaid, viz. from the 13th August, 1799, to the time of their bankruptcy, had authority to receive no other debt from the said William Wilson, except the debt due on the note aforesaid, and on another note for about the same sum, due for the use of said John Codrran. And the defendant moved the court to direct the jury, .that if they shall be of opinion, that at the times respectively when William Wilson, the defendant, made payments in money to

196

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILsof Andrew and William Ramsay, of sundry sums, after

V. ,the
,CoPM4ANS

note became due upon which this action is brought,

EXECUT9oR. they, the said A. and W. Ramsay, were indebted to him

y

on their own account, always after the said note becamc

due, to an amount exceeding 8,000 dollars, and were

not authorised, during the whole of the time, from the

13th August, 1799, till their bankruptcy, to receive

any other debt due from W. Wilson, the defendant,

for the use of any other person, except the debt due on

the note, which is the ground of this action, and another

note for about the same sum, which they held as the

agents of John Codman, and in'trust for his use; in

such case, those payments of monies may be applied

to the discharge of those two notes; unless the jury

shall be satisfied by testimony, that the said defendant

did make those payments, or any of them, for some

other purpose or purposes, respectively.

" The plaintiff had offered to prove, by the testimony
of Andrew Ramsay, that the payments or advances of money to him and William Ramsay, charged in the account offered by the defendant, William Wilson, in the words and figures fbllowing," [Here was inserted an account current made out by the defendant against A. and W. Ramsay, containing, among others, sundry debits and credits of cash, subsequent to the time when the notes became payable, and before the bankruptcy of the Ramsays; by which it appeared, that they had paid to -the defendant, during that time, more cash than he had paid to them, without specific appropriation ; but the balance of the whole account, (which commences in April, 1797, and continues to October
15, 1801) was against the Ramsays to about the sum of 10,000 dollars.] " were not made on account of
the notes due to John Codman or either of them, and that they were not received by the said A. and W. Ramsay, on account of the said notes, or either of them; and had also offered in evidence two letters from the defendant, admitted to be in his band-writing, in the words and figures following," [Here were inserted two letters from the defendant to John Codman, the first dated 21st January, 1800, saying, that he had paid a small part of the notes to A. and W. Ramsay, and
would gladly settle the remainder, if it was in his

FEBRUARY, 1805.

197

power; the'second is dated 25th February, 1800, offering to pay the notes in real estate, or to give a mortgage.] " whereupon the court refused to give the instruction at prayed;" to which refusal the defendant
excepted.

WLVs.Q CoDMA 's Execuou.

The -3d bill of exceptions was to the opinion of the court, that it was necessary for the plaintiff to prove the assignment of the note, but that it was not necessary for him to prove that the same was madefor valhm received, by the said A. and W. Ramsay, from the said John Codman.

The 4th bill of exceptions was to the admission of the note and indorsement in evidence to. the jury, the indorsement being in these words: " We assign this note to John Codman, without recourse," and signed by A. and W. Ramsay, the payees of the note; inasmuch as ihe indorsement varied from that set forth in the declarati on; the former being "without recourse,' and the latter "for value received."
B. f. Lee, for plaiitiff in error, made the following
points :

1st. That the defendant below was entitled to ofyer Qf the letters testamentary, at the time he demanded it.

2d. That the plaintiff was bound to produce them on the trial, upon the issue of nil debet.

3d. That the plaintiff was bound to prove the assign-
ment to have been madefor value received, according to the averment in the declaration.

4th. That the defendant below had a right, at any time, to apply the payments of money made to A. and W. Ramsay, to the account of the notes in questidn ; the Rasays being, at that time, personally his debtors, and having no right to demand of him money upon any other account.

5th. That the replication to the second plea was bad upon special demurrer.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILsON
V. CODMA'S
EXECUTOR.

1st. The executor was bound to produce his letters testamentary, and the defendant was entitled to oyer at any time.

In Virginia, if the plaintiffdies before office-judgment,
the suit abates, and the executor must proceed de novo. If the plaintiff dies after judgment, the executor must take out a scirefacias, 'n which he must make a pro/ert of his letters testamentary. . When the scirefaciasissues, the cause goes to the rules, and the defendant hits a month.'to plead. In the present case, the change of' parties was made in court, and the defendant had not yet appeared ; he had, therefore, time till the next term* to appear and plead, and had then a right to demand oyer. 6 Mod. 134, Adams v. Savage. Idem, 142, Smith v. liarmnan. Bythe act of congress, vol 1,p. 71, § 31, a scire facias is to issue in case of the death of a part.4 before
judgment. The law of Virginia, Revised Cpde, p. 117, § 20, is nearly the same.

The apt of congress does not do away the necessity of an executor's showing his'letters testamentary, nor'deprive the defendant of his right of oyer.

PATERSON, J. Under the act of congress, do not the
proceedings go on of old ? Are there to be any proceedings de novo P

E. Z. Lee. There is no doubt that the executor must show his letters testamentary on admission to prosecute,
and the defendant.has a right to demand oyer at some time.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. The question is; whether, under the act of congress, a scirefaciasis necessary.

WASHINGTON, J. There is another question, whether the defendant did not crave oyer in due time.

B. Y. Lee. The plaintiff ought to produce his letters
testamentary at the time he is admitted, or when oyer -is prayed, or at the trial, to support his title.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

199

MARSHALL, Ch. J. No doubt the defendant was entitled to oyer, but the question is, has he demanded it m proper time?

WILSoN V.
ExXcuToa.

E. 7. Lee. 3d. The plaintiff ought to have proved
that thenote was assigned for value received. The assignment on the note is expressed to be "1without recourse." There was, therefore, a variance between the assignment on the note, and that set forth in the declaration. The court, thereforg, ought either to have pre-
vented the assignment from being produced in evidence, or have compelled the plaintiff to prove it was really for value received. By thus admitting the assignment to go in evidence, they have prevented the defendant from his
right to offset his payments to A. and W. Ramsay before the assignment.

If there be a variance between the evidence and the declaration, it is fatal, how trivial soever it may be. If the plaintiff undertakes to recite an instrument, although he is not bound so to do, and misrecites it, he must fail. Thus, in trover for a debenture, the plaintiff must prove the number of the debenture as laid in the declaration, and the exact sum to a farthing, or he will be notisuited. But he need not set out the number, (any more than the date of a bond for which trover is brougfit) lor being out of possession, he may not know the number, and if he should mistake, it would be a failure of his suit. Buller N. P. 37. So in the case of Bristow v. Wright, Doug-. ,665, it was held, that in alt action against the sheriff for taking goods without leaving a year's rent, the declarition need not state all the particulars of the demise; but if it does, and they are not proved as stated, there shall be a nonsuit.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. You consider the declaration as
setting forth'the indorsement in hoc verba.

B. _7. Lee. I do.

MARSHALL, Ch.'J. The only question upon this point is, whether the plaintiff has undertaken to set forth the indorsement in hcrc verbai for if so, and there is a variance, there is no doubt it would be fatal.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

'WILsoN C . N' EX, OxA's

E. _7. Lee. 4th. The defendant below had a right to apply all the cash paid by him to A. and W. Ramsay, to the discharge of the notes. They had no right to say it was a gift or a loan, and they had no other right to demand money of him, than for those notes. If the appropriation was not made at the time of the payment, yet it could be applied only to the single debt due.
5th. As to the demurrer. 1st. The declaration states
the assignment to befor value received.. The replication, instead of fortifying the declaration, states, that it was not for value received, which, being repugnant, is a departure in pleading. Thus, if the plea be conditions performed, and the rejoinder shows matter in excuse fornotperforming, it is a departure. 4 Bac'. Ab. 123. Departure its Pleading,L. , Ifanote is given to me as agent for ano- . ther, it is not given to me for value received. 2d. There is no trverse, denial, or confession of the .matter of the plea. 4 Bac. Ab. H. 70.

C. Lee, on the same side.' If the plaintiff is not the true executor, a judgment in this suit would be no bar to an action by the rightful executor. Hence it is necessary
that he should produce his letters testamentary. It does not appear that he ever produced them in the court below 'at any time. He ought to have been compelled to
produce them at the trial, on the issue of nildebet, to support hIs tide. The plea of nildebet put the plaintiff on the proof of every thing necessary to entitle him to recover. It has been considered as law in Virginia, that on that plea the defendant may give in evidence the sta-
tute of limitations, which he could not do on non assum/-
sit ; because the latter plea is in the past tense, and the statute does not prove that he never promised. ' But the plea of nil debet is in the present tense, that he does not
now owe, and, therefore, if the debt is barred by the statute, the plea is well supported. If an executor bring an action of assumpsit, the defendant pleads non assumzpsit,in manner and form as the plaittiff has declared ; that
is, he did not assume to pay to the testator in his lifetime. The plaintiff, in. such case, is only bound to prove that the defendant promised to pay the testator, nd his own title as executor does not come in question. But if
an executor bring an action of debt, and the defendant

FEBRUARY, -ISO.

201

pleads nil debet, he -says that he owes nothing to the present plaintiff, who sues as executor; and if the plaintiff
be not the true executori the plea is supported; the defendani, in truth, owes him nothing. Hence arises the difference between the necessity of producing letters testamentary in evidence on the trial in actions of assumpit, and iuL those of debt on si'ple contract.

Wtisos V.
Exxcuro,

Simms, contra. In this case there was an officejudg-
ment against Wilson and his appearance-bitil. The bail came in and set aside the office-judgment, by pleading for his principal (as he had a right to do undeu the
act of assembly of Virginia) in the life-time of John Codman, and the issue was made up. Afterwards John Codman died. and Stephen Codman, his executor, appeared, and had leave .to prosecute the action.

Wediffer from the opposite counsel as to the con, struction of-the act of congress. They seem to think that the pleadings must be de novo.

But it is .in the discretion of the court what ples to admit after the issue had been made up.

It is said Wilson was not in court. But it was his own fault to suffer judgment to go against him. No man can take advantage of his own neglect. It was a matter of discretion with the court to admit the principal to appear and plead after the issue had. been made up by the bail. It is to be presumed, that the executor produced his letters testamentary, and that the court was satisfied when they admitted him to prosecute as plaintiff. If the defendant did not then pray oyer, it
was his own neglect. He can only demand oyer at the term when the letters were produced, 5 Co. 74, (b.) Wymark's case. Bat letters testamentary need not re-
main in court even during the whole of that term, 2
Salk. 497, Roberts v. Arthur.

As to the demurrer, two causes are assighed. First, that the replication is a departure ; and secbnd, that it does not traverse the matter of the plea.

Vol. II.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WZL.o1 V. ,
ZXFCUToS,
k

1st.. Unquestionably, if it is a departure, it is bad. Butifitis the only fortification of the declaration
against the plea, it must be good. Co. Lyt. 304, (a.) The replication is not repugnant to, nor inconsistent with, the declaration. Iris the same in substance with that in the case of Winch v. Keely, 1 T. R. 619, which ,was adjudged good on demurrer.

2d. It is said, that the replication ought to have traversed the matter of the plea.

What part could the plaintiff have traversed ? The bankruptcy is,impliedly admitted in the replication.

WASrtINGTOWJ, J. Part of the objection is, that the replication does not confess t~le matter of the plea.

Simms. That is not set down as a cause of demurrer,
and it is but matter of form. But it is no cause for demurrer even if it had been specially shown. In a plea
of the statute of limitations, the defendant does not con-
fess that he ever promised at all. So in a replication to such a plea, that the plaintiff was out of the country,
he does confess that the five years have elapsed. So in :pleading a release, it is not necessary to admit the execution of the bond, &c.

No authorities can be produced in support of such an objection.

As topayments of money, it appears from the account itself, that Wilson, after the notes became due, received more cash from A. and W. Ramsay than they received from him; and it is evident , that the cash transactions were mere matters of mutual accommodation, by loans of small sumts for short periods of time.
As, to the first bill of exceptions, it is said, that the
plaintiff ought to have produced his letters testamentary on the trial'; and that a judgment, in this suit, would not be a"bar to an action by the rightful executor.
This we deny. In a suit brought by the name of John, it is not necessary on the trial of the general issue

FEBRUARY, 1805.

203

to prove that the plaintiff was baptized by .that name. WILsoii So if the plaintiff suie, as executor, when he is bsly a4- C. ministrator, and no advantage taken by-plea in abate- Exr r mert, it is not necessary, on the trial, to produce letters testamentary.

The 3d and 4th bills of exception' raise two 9ues.
tions.

1. Whether the assignment ought to hav been proved, on the trial, to be for value received.
2. Whether the assignment on -the note varies from that stated in the declaration.
It is said, that the probataand the allegataihust precisely agree. This is not the -law. -Itis sufficient i they agree in substance. In an action of'assault and battery, the declaration, alleging it to be done 'Vith sticks, staves and swords, is sufficiently supported by evidence that the defendant pulled the plaintiffs nose. Sc if ihe declaration allege, that goods were sold and delivered at the request of the defendant, it is sufficient to prove that" the defendant reluctantly received them at the solicitation of the plaintiff. It is only necessary to prove the material averments to be substantially true.

The-substance, in the present case, is -the .note an the assignment. The manner is totally -immaterial. No form of assignment is prescribed by'the act of assembly ; and it is notnecessary, under the act, to state the precise words of the assignment. If the assignment had been in consideration of a horse received, it would have been sufficient to have stated, geinerally, that it was for value received. The 'iordswithoutrec6urse do not imply without value, nor do they alter the effect of the
assignment as it regards the defendant. The declaration does not pritend to set forth the assignment in hcrc -verba; and, therefore, the case from -Doug. 665.
does not apply, 2 Salk. 658, Biolmanv..Borough. Douge 193, the King v. May.

WXLs0
D.'
hSimms.

204

SUPREME COURT U. S-

MARHAUL, Ch. J. Does not your defence rely on there being no value received ?

I contend not. I shall presently take tho distinttion.

WASHINGTON, J,The departure is alleged upon
that ground.

Simms. A moral obligation on the part of A. and W. Ramsay is a §ufficient cobsideration for the assignment. They were bound in honesty and good faith to assign, and that is sufficient to support the allegation of value received.

The maker of the note has no right t6 inquire into the consideration which passed between the assignor and assignee.

If the note had not been, from the first, held in trust
for Codman, the defendant mighi have ofset all his claims against the Ramsays, which were due before no. tice of the assignment.

. No offset against the trustee can he set up against cestui que trust. The authorities cited in Wincl and Keely can be produced if the court should requir.it.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. There is no necessity to pro. duce authorities. There can be no question on that point. If the agent, appointed to collect a debt, is in. debted to the debtor, the latter cannot offset, against the debt due from him to the principal, claims against the agent. It cannot be contested. No man ever thought, that a person who employs an agent to collect his debts, by this agrees to take on his hands the debts owing by his agent to his debtors, instead of looking to the origi. iial debtors themselves.

C. Lee, in reply.

let%As to.the letters testamentary, -

FEBRUARY, 180.

205

The act of Congress does not take away the necessi- )1ILsoN ty of giving notice to the other party. It does not es- CODA.'S sentially alter the law'on that subject. By that raiv a gCroM . scirefaciai must have issued and would have been returnable to the next term. One' of the clauses of each act is in the same words. The act of congress is equally applicable to the death of plaintiffs and defendants. A scire facias must issue in both cases. And if it had issued, the defendant Would have beeii in time.

2d. Th plaintiff ought to have produced his letters testamentary at the trial, to support his title, on the issue of nil debet.

This has been spoken to before.

3d. As to the demurrer.

It is an answer to the case of Winch v. Keely, I T. R. 619, that in our case the demurrer is speciali in the other it was general. It will also appear, that in that case, the facts of the pleas were expressly admitted in the replication. The demurrer there was for the purpose of bringing into consideration an important question of law.

The 1st cause of demurrer assigned is, that the replication is a departure. It.is only necessary to know
what the declaration is.

The expression, for value riceived, means value received by the-defendant of the Ramsays, and by them
of the plaintiff. The declaration states it to be Ramsay's debt, the replication alleges it to be Codman's debt.

4th. The variance between the declaration and the note offered in evidence, is material. If they had produced a note assigned for value received, the plea of bankruptcy of the Ramsays would have been good. If they had proved their declaration, they would have defeated their action. It is admitted, however, that it
would be a question of some doubt, whether the vari-
ance would be absolutely fatal if the action were on a

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSO
V,
SXECUTOR.

,parol agreement, upon the authority of the note at the
end of the case of Bristow v. Wright, Doug. 669, (3d edition) which confines this strictness of pleading to records and written contracts. 'But the present action is upon a written contract, and, therefore, according to all the authorities, a inisrecital is fatal.

sth; As to the bill of exceptions respecting the testimony, it is only necessary to read the prayer of the defendant to the court, (without intermixing the testimony offered by the plintiff, which only confuses the question) to show the impropriety of the' court's decision.

The amount of the prayer is, that the paym ents ought
to be presumed to be made on the notes, Unless it is proved that they were made for some other purpose, or on some other account; it having been proved that the Ramsays 'bad no right to demand money, from the defendant, except on account of those notes.

NAarch 6.
MARSHALL, ,Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court.
The first 'question whicl) presents itself in this case is, was the defendant entitled to oyer of the letters testamentary at the term succeeding that at which the executor was admitted a plaintiff in the cause?

It is contended, on the part of the defendant, that on
the stiggestion of the death of either pfaintiff or &defendant, a scire facias ought to issue, in order to brizig in his representative ; or, if a scirefaciasshould not be requir-
ed, yei, that the opposite party should have the same time to plead and make a proper defence as if such process had been actually sued. -

The words of the'act of congress do not seem to countenance thbi opinion. They contemplate the coming in of the.executor as a voluntary act and give the scirefacia& to bring him in, if it shall be necessary, and to enable the court "to render such judgment against the estate of the

FEBRUARY, '1805.

deceased party," "as if'the executor or administrator had voluntarily made himself a party to the suit." Froi& the language of the act this may be done instante-. The opinion, that it is to .be done on motion, and that the party
may immediately proceed to trial, derives'strength from the provision, that the executor or administrator, so becoming a party, may have one continuance. This provision shows, that the legislature supposed the circumstance of making the executor a party to the suit, to be no cause of delay. But as the executor might require time to irform himself of the proper defence, one continuance was allowed him for that purpose. The same reason not extending to the other party, the same indulgence is not extended to him.

Wztow V.
CODnA's 'EXECUT0o.L
t.yn

There is, then, nothing in the act, nor is there aiy thing in the nature of the provision, which should induce an
opinion, that any delay is to be occasioned where the executor makes himself a party, and is ready to go to trial.-
Unquestionably, he must show himself to be executor, unless the faet be admitted by the parties ; and the defendant may insist on the production of his letters testamentary, before he shall be permitted to prosecute ; but if the orderfor his admission, as a party, be made, it is too Into to contest the fact of his being an executor.

If the court has unguardedly permitted a person to prosecute who has iot given satisfactory evidence of his right to do so, it possesses the means of preventing any mischief from the inadvertence, and will undoubtedly em-
ploy those means.

The second point in the case"is the demurrer of the defendant to the plaintiff's replication.

Two causes of demurrer are assigned. ist. That it is a departure from the declaration. 2d. That the plea ought to have been traversed, and an issue tendered
thereon.

On the first cause of demurrer, some difference has ex-
isted in the court, but the majority of .the judges concur in the opinion, that the replication fortifies, and does not depart from the declaration.

WILSoN Cov. ,s
CX:2CTos.
k

SUPREME COURT U. S.
The averment, that- the assignment was for value re-
ceived, is an immaterial averment. The assignee, without value, can as well maintain his action as the assignee, on a valuable consideration. It is, therefore, mere surplusage, and does not require to be proved ; nor does it affect the substantial part of the declaration. It is also the opinion of a part of the court, that the duty created by the trust, and which was discharged by .the assignment, may be considered as constituting a valuable consideration to support the averment, and prevent the replication from being a departure from the declaration.

2d. The second cause of demurrer is clearly not main.
tanable. The matter of the replication does not deny, but avoids the allegations of the plea, and, consequently, the conclusion to the court is proper.

It has, indeed, been argued, that the replication is faul" ty, because it does not confess the matter alleged in the plea; but this is not assigned as a cause of demurrer, and it is, therefore, npt noticed by the court.

The demurrer having been overruled, several exceptions were taken at the trial to the opinion of the court.
The first was to the admission of the note as evidence. This was objected to, because the declaration averred the note to be assigned for value received, and the assignment contained no expression of a valuable consideration; but was declared to be made "without recourse." As the assignment is not set forth in hicc verba, this exception is so clearly unmaintainable that it will require only to be mentioned.

The 2d exception requires more consideration. It is, that although the averment that the assignment was made for value received was immaterial, yet the plaintiif, having stated the fact in his declaration, is bound to prove it. In support of this position, Bristowv. Wright,Doug. 665, has been quoted and relied on.
The strictness with which, in England, plaintiff is bound to prove the averments of his declaration, al-

FEBRUARY, J8o5.

209

though they may be immnateriai, seems to have relaxed from its original rigour.
The reasons stated by Lord Mansfield, in.the case re, ported by Douglas, for adhering to the rule, do not ap, ply in the Uhited States, where costs are not affected by the length of the declaration#

WiLson r.
CODXAN%) Exzcuron,

Examining the subject with a view to the great principles of justiqe, anc( to those rules which are calculated for the preservation-of right and the prevention of injury, zo reason ia perceived for requiring the proof of a perfectly immaterial averment, unless that averment be descriptiva of a written instrument, which, by being untruly describ' ed, may., by possibility, mislead. the opposite party. '

Where,-then, the averment i4 the declaration is of a fact dehors the written contract, which fact is in itself immaterial, it is the opinion of the court that the party making.the averment, is-not bound to prove it.

In this case, the- averment, that the assignment was
made for value received, is the averment of a fact, which is perfectly immaterial, and which forms no part of the written assignment ; nor is itlaverred to be : part of it. It is an extrinsic fact, showing how the right of action was acluired, but which contributes nothing towards giving that right of action. The party making this useless averment ought not to be bound to prove it.

No case which has-been cited at bar, comes up to this.. The averments of the declaration, which the plaintiff has been requireat to prove, are all descriptive of records, or of written contracts ; not, of a fact, at
the same time extrinsic and immaterial. The court is, therefore, unanimous in the opinion, that this exception cannot b. inlaintained.

In the progress of the trial, the counsel for the de-

fendant, in the court belbw, also required that court to

instruct the jury, that unless the plaintiff could show

that the Ramsays, who were his agents, had the powar

Vol. m.

.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

73

of two years; when prevented too by a cause not within his controul, and against which the state was bound to
protect him. If such were the case now before the court. I should be of 6pinion that we must resort to general
principles for a deision. With regard to the performance of conditions, it is a well known rule, that obstructions
interposed by the act of God, or a public enemy, shall excuse from performance, so far as the effect ofsuch preventing cause necessarily extends.

HuxDzxo. "1's LESSZ1 DourLASS.

in cases of partial prevention, I should tberdfore be of
opinion, that it would be incumbent upon the warrantee to satisfy thie cpurt that he had complied with the conditions imposed by the act, so far as he was not necessarily prevented by the public enemy.

It may appear singular that a deficiency, of a single
-day perhaps, should produce so material an alteration in the rights or situation of the warrantee. But the legislature of Pennsylvania were fully competent to make what statutory provisions they thought proper upon the subject ; and the court is no further responsible for the effect of the words which they have used to express their intent, than to endeavour to give a sensible and consistent operation to them in every case that can occur.

THE UNITED STATES v. HOOE, ET AL.* Saturday, February23.

TurnUmvz
STATRS
Hoo'zV, . AnD oTHzRs.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Columbia.

Mjifason, attorney of the United States for that district,
on the I 7th of August, 1801, filed a bill in equity against Robert T. Hooe, W. Herbert, 7ohn C. Herbei,and the
executors, widow and heirsof Col 7ohn Fitzgerald late coll-ctor of the customs for the port of Alexandria, and obtained an injunction to prevent the sale of certain real

*Present, Marhall,Chief Justice.-Cuaing aterion, Wtraing.

-toi and .7ohnson, Justices.

Vol. m.

L

The United States have no lien on the real estate or their debtor
rut sirt rought orin.
solvency or bankruptcy has taken
pinlgacuen; aobrl,ebteo.
pay all hit debts, he hbi

SUPREME COURT V. S.

TEEUZT*-t estate in Alexandria, adi;ertised for sale by W. and J. C. .STATES Herbert, under a deed of trust made by Fitzgerald for

.

'the indemnification of Hooe,

\Tha

material facts appdaring uVoii the record are, that

mtarayde aasvolun- Fitzgerald, upon being appointed collector, executed a mento s bond to the United States, on the 10th of April, 1794,

property; or with Hooe as surety, in the penalty of 10,000 dollars, the debtor-ha- for the faithful performance of the duties of his office. In ving abscond- April, 1798, he was found to be greatly in arrears, and

#d, concealed,
or absented

upon

a final adjustment of his accounts, on' the 15th of

himself, his August, 1799, the balance against him wa 57,t57 dol-

property has lars. On the 16th of January, 1799, Hoop having know-

bbyenproactteascsheodf ledge that Fitzgerald was largely indebted to the Unitid

law.

States, but believing that he had sufficient property to

A mortgage discharge the debt, and Fitzgerald being desirous of bor-

porfoppaerrttyy nahdies rowing money from the bank of Alexandria to.meet the

by a collector drafts of the treasury of the United States, and for other of the rey_ purposesi made a deed of trust to W. and J. C. Herbert, nue to his reciting that Hooe had become surety for Fitigerald, in surety in his the bond to the UnitediStates, and Fitzgerald propqsing, official bond when he should wish to obtdin a loan of money from the' to indemnif him from his bank of Alexandria, to draw notes to be indorsed by responsibility -looe, whereby the. latter might be liable'and compelled as surety on to pay the same, and the former being desirous of secur-

the bond, and also to secure him frotn his
existing and future in. dorsemeits
.or the Mortrat bank,
i aida-

ing and indemnifying -ooe from all damages, costs and

charges which he might at any time thereafter be subject

and liable to'by reason of any misconduct of Fitzgerald

h ca in the discharge

of

his

duty as

collector, or

for' or on ac-

count of any notes drawn by him for his particular use

and accommodation, and indorsed b7 Hooe, and negdo-

tiated at the bank of Alexandria. The indenture then

gaist the v-,
nited States, witnessed, that for those purposes, and in consideration although it of the trusts and confidences therein after exprisseiI, &c. ttuhrens cooulltetchtoart and of one dollar, &c. Fitzgerald bargained and sold, &c.
i.va~sas uunna.blele. to to the t_ruste.e. s, vV. md J, . C. Herbert, the real estate

pay all his therein described, to have and to hold the same to them debts at the and the survivor of them, &c. "in trust, to and for the timthemo~rt- uses and purposes herein after mentioned, and to and for

sage was giv.
en, and at- no other use and purpose whatsoever; that is to say, in th6ugh the case he the said John Fitzgerald shall neglect any part of mortgagee his duty as collector of the said port of*Alexandria," &c. _new at the " or in case any note or notes so drawn, indorsed'and ne-

time of taking
the mortgage gotiatwd at the bank of Alexandria, for the particular use

FEBRUARY, 1805.

7s

iand accommodation of him, the said John Fitzgerald, shall not be taken up and discharged by him when the same shall become payable; that in either case, as soon
as any demand shall bi'made upon him, the said R. T. Hooe," &c. " for the payment of any sum or sumn of money which ought to be paid by the said John Fitz-gerald," Kc. then the trustees should, upon notice given them by Hooe, of such demaxid, proceed to sell the property for ready money, and after paving the expenses of sale, should pay and satisfy th. e..sum or sums of. money s;o) .
demanded of Hooe, either as security for Fitzgeraldq due and faithful execution .ofthe office of collector of the said port of Alexandria, or as indorsof of any note or notes so drawn by Fitzgerild, " and negotiated at the bank of Alexandria for the particular accommodation of
the said John Fitzgerald ;" apd lastly, to pay over to him tfie surplus. And in further trust that if Fitzgerald should duly keep Hooe indemnified, &c. and should duly pay the several notes which should be io drawn hy him and indorsed by Hooe, and negotiated at the said bank, "for the particular accommodation of him, thesaid John
Fitzgerald, as the same shall become paTable," then thp trustees should reconvey, &c.

TU.'d*a
STATES
Hoo' A?1
a mans.
that the mort. ggor was debte t the United States, Ctoobbtesawaarrdenedg a wnst" the untedsta.es.

Hooe had indorsed Fitzgerald's notes at the bank to a large amount, and at the time of his death there were unpaid two notes of 1000 dollars each, and one of 1800 'dollars, one of which for 1000 dollars, together with inteiest upon the -whole, -amounting to 288 dollars'and 94
cents, was afterwards paid by Mr. Keith, one of the executdrs, in order to prevent a sale of the property under
the trust. There was also evidence tending to show that the money borrovsed from the bank upon Hooe's indorsement, was applied in discharge of warrants drawn by the-treasury upon Fitzgerald.

Fitzgerald died in December, 1799, havingby his will directed his real estate to be sold for the payment of his debts. There was no positive evidence of his insolvency.

The bill charged that he died insolvent, an~d that the United States had a right, in preference to all others, to apply his"property to. the discharge of the debt, and if there should be a deficiency, to resort to the surety for tbhe balance, as far as the penalty of the bond would jus-

THEUNUTED STATES V.·
MOOE AND
Orri-as.
1

76

SUPREME COURT U. S.

tify;

and'tiiatdse
·

deed of trust was

fraudulent

as to

the

United States.

On the 1st of May, 1802, the injunction was dissolved by consent, and an interlocutory decree entered, ordering the trustees to pay the proceeds of the sale into court, sub, ject to future order, touching the contending claims of the United States and Hooe.

At November term, 180,, the coutt passed the following decree:

"The objects of the bill filed inthis cause were to set aside a deed executed on the 16th of January, 1799, by John Fitzgerald to William Herbert and John Carlyle Ilerbert, conveying certain property therein mentioned, in trust, for tAe purpose of indemnifying Robert Townsend Hooe as indorsor of certain notes negotiable. in the bank of Alexandria, and as surety of John. Fitzgerald in his 'office of collector of the port of Alexandria; to oblige -the said trustees to -accoufit with the United States for 'the said real property, and to compel the executors to account for the personal-estate of the said John Fitzgerald, and to pay the same to the United Statei towards the discharge of the balance due from him ; and further to restrain and enjoin the said trustees from making sale of the said real property."

- An injunction for the said purpose Was ,granted by one ot the judges of this court, in vacation ; and afterwards, viz. at April term, 1802, after the appeaiance .of the defendants, who were.of full age, an agreement was made, -and entered on the records and proceedings of this court, to the followilig effect, viz, that so much of the former order of this court, as" restrained the defendants, W. Herbert and John C, Herbert, from selling the property iithe deed of trust, in the bill mentioned, be discharged; and it was further decreed and ordered, that the said tustees should pay the proceeds arising from the sale of the said property, or of any part thereof, into this c6urt, subject to the future order of the court, touching the' contending claims of the Uiited States, and'of R.T. Hooe, one of the defendants to the said bill ; and %ow0,at November term, 1802, the s;id cause came

FEBRUARY, 1805.

77

afn by-consent of parties, and by order of the court, on the bill, andon the answers of the defendants,
(thoie of the infants being taken by their guardians, appointed for that purpose) and on the exhibits in the said bill and answers referred to, and on those afterwards admitted, and the arguments of counsel. being heard in the said cause, and the same being by the court fully considered; it is the ogfinion of the court, that the deed of trust, in the said bill mentioned, was made bonafide, and for a valuable consideration, and was fairly executed by the said John Pitzgerald, to indemnify, and save harmless, the said R. T. Hooe, from all loss and damage, by reason of his indorse. ment.of several notes, negotiated at the bank of Alexandria, amounting to the sum of 3,800 dollars, to enable the said John Fitzgerald to pay that sum to the United States ; whith appears to have been paid accordingly ; and also, to indemnify and save harmless,
the said R. T. Hooe, against all loss and damage, by reason of his .having become bound in a bond, in the penalty of 10,000 dollars, payable to the United States, as secdrity for the said John Fitzgerald's faithful. performance and due discharge of the office of collector of the customs, in the district of Alexandria. -That there does, not appear to have been any fraud in the said parties, or either of them, and that the said deed is not invalidated by any law ofthe United States.

TuEU.'Tzn, ST1lES
V.
HooE AzD oTuzE*.

It is.thereupon, by this court decreed and oidered,
that the bill in this cause, as to all the- defendants, except R. T. Hooe, W. Herbert, and J. C. Herbert, be retained for t' - further order and decree of this court, and that as to the said defendants, R. T. Hooe,
W. Herbert, and J. C. Herbert, the said bill be dismissed with co&ts to tie said defendants. And as to the money which has arisen from the sale of the
said real property, the net amount of which is 14,318 dollars and 66 cents, after deducting the charges of the sale, and which has been, by the order of this court, deposited by the clerk thereof, in the bank of Alexandria; this court doth decree and "rder, that the said clerk do pay the sum of 4,318 dollars and 66
cents, part thereof, to the said trustees, XV. Herbert and J. C. Herbert, to be by them applied to the dis-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TERUNITED STAVT.ES
Hoon Am)OTHzns.

charge of the sum of 3,127 dollars, due upon certain notes negotiated in the bank of Alexandria, on which
the said R. T. Hooe was an indorsor for the said John Fitzgerald ; and also to the repayment to the execu. tors of the said John-Fitzgerald, of the sum of 1,145 dollars, advanced and paid by them to the bank of Alexandria, for, and on behalf of the said R. T'.
Hooe, in part pa))ment of the notes negotiated in the said bank, for the said John Fitzgerald, and indQrsed by the said R. T. Hooe, which, it was intended, the said R. T. Hooe should be indemnified against,, by the said deed; and the residue, if any there should be, of the said sum of 4,318 dollars and 66 cents, to be paid by the said clerA into the treasury of the United States, in discharge of so much of the balance due from the estate of the said John Fitzgerald; and that as to the residue of the- proceeds of-the said sale, being the sum of 10,06o dollars, the said clerk do pay the same into the treasury of the United States, expressly in discharge of the said sum of 10,000 dollars, for which the said R. T. Hooe is bound in the bond, which, in-the said bill and answers is referred to, and to go also in discharge of so much of the Plaim of the United States against the said John Fitzgerald, and the same is decreedand orderedaccordingly.

To reverse 'this decree, a writ of error issued returnable to February term, 1803, which was dismissed for want of a statemelit of the facts upon which the decree was foundcd.*

The ,November term, 1802, of the circuit court, at which the original decree was enteied, being continued by adjournment, to April, 1803. Mason, af, ter the dismission of the writ of error, moved the
court below, to make a statement of the facts upon which the decree Ias founded, to be sent up witH a new
writ oferror ; and urged, that as it was, in comtempla. tion of law, the same term in which the decree was
made, it was competent for the court to open it for that purpose. But the court, being of opinion, that bv the writ of error the record was completely re.

See Antf 'Col. I.p. 318.

FEBRUARY. 1805.

moved, and the decree thereby made absolute, refused to make the statement.
A new writ of error was sued out by the United States, returnable to February term, 1804,; upon the return of w,ikhi

TuzUITzD
STATE.
Hooz A?.-n
oTrzus.

Swann, for defendants in error,

Contended, that the late act of congress, of 3d March, 1803, vol. 6, p. 315, c. 93, § 2, did not apply
to this case, because it was passed after the final decree rendered; and that the court was still precluded from looking into this case, and correcting the errors in the decree, if any such existed, without a statement of the facts upon which the decree was founded; but,

By the court. The words of the act are, "that from all fihal judgments or decrees; rendered, or to be
rendered, in any circuit court," "in any cases of equity," &c. " an appeal shall be allowed," "subject to the same rules, regulations and restrictions, as are prescribed in case of writ of error."

A perfect analogy exists between the cases of appeals and of writs of error, as to the time in which they may be granted, and the judge, who can grant the one, may allow the other. The act of congress comprehends past cases as well as future.

The causp was continued for argument, and at this term, was argued by Mason, for the United States, and by C. Lee andSwann, for the defendants in error.

Mason, after observing that the evidence did .not
support the allegation, that the money borrowed of the bank, upon Hooe's indorsements, was applied to the use of the United States, conteqded,

1. That the deed was fraudulent, as to all the world, because it empowered Fitzgerald to borrow money

SUPREME COURT L. S.

TirFUxTED upon it for his own use, while ii protected the property STTS from his creditors.

V.

Ho0E AND

,ERas.

2. That Hooe has no preference to the United States;

'

-and even if the deed was not fraudulent, as to all the

world, yet Hooe stands in such a situation, that he

must be postponed to the United States and all other

creditors.

1. Hooe admits, that he had notice of Fitzgerald's
default, to at least the amount of 30,000 dollars, but the exact amount is unimportant. And although, in his answer, he gives an opinion as to the value of Fitzgerald's estate, at the date of the deed, yet he ad. nuits, that such as it then was, ,it now is, -excepting any
depreciation which it may have suffered.

The deed, inasmuch as it contains a power to raise money upon it, in future, for his own use, is a deed in ti'ust for himself, and therefore fraudulent upon
general principles of law. His power to borrow money upon it, is unlimited by any thing but the value of the property and the good will of Hooe; and the money
thus raised upon it might have been applied exclusively
to his own uge ."

The words of the statute of 13 Eliz. c. 5, which
have, in -substance, been inserted into the Virginia code of laws, are large enough to take in this case ; and the cases decided under it clearly apply to the present deed. Indeed, that part of the statute which makes such deeds void as to creditors, is no more than a declaration of the pre-existing rule of the common law. 2 Bac. Ab. Tit. Fraud. 2 Com. Dig. Ti. Covin.

The 5th sign of fraud mentioned in Twyne's case,
3 Co. 81. (b) is, that there " was a trust between the parties; for the donor possessed all, and used them as his proper goods, and fraud is always apparelled
and clad with a trust, and a trust is the cover of fraud." And it is utiimportant whether the trust be expressed or implied. Every gift made on a trust is
out f the proviso of the act.. Here it was part of

PEBRUARY, 180S.

81

the trust that Fitzgerald should raise money upon the deed to his own use ; and a deed which covers the property from his, creditors, and gives the grantor the
whole benefit and use of it, is the very kind of deed
which the statute meant to avoid. If, then, the deed is void as to creditors, Fitzgerald is dead, and the United States must be. preferred in payment.

TnEU.IxTZD STAVTX. 3
Hoo A D oitza3. '-'Y-d

2. Hooe -annot bi preferred to the United States, in consequence of this deed, even supposing it not to be fraudulent under the statute of Elizabeth, but must be postponed to the United States, and all other creditors.

This case stands on the same ground as a bond'.giv. en for duties, in which case it is enacted by the act of 4th of August, 1790, c.' 35, § 45, vol. 1, p. 221, that " in all cases of insolvency, or where any estate in the hands of executors or administrators shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt due to the United States, on any such bond, shall be first satisfied." The insolvency here mentioned, means an inability to pay all his debts, and is
so expounded by the act of 2d of Mlay, 1792, c. 27, § 18, vol. 2, p. 79, in which it is " declared that the cases of insolvency in the said 44th" (4sth) 11 section mentioned, shall be deemed to exttnd as well to cases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his or her debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment therrof, for the benefit of his or her creditors, or in which the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall have been attached by process of law, as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall have been com-
mitted."

A voluntary assignment, for the benefit of his credi-

tors, made by a debtor, unable to pay'all his debts, is

one of the cases in which the United States are to.

have a preference. 'I he word ,1voluntarn" does no

mean without consideration, but without compulsion of

law, as in cases under a bankrupt law. A deed made

to secure a just debt may, in this sense of the word,

be a voluntary deed of assignment. The instant a man

Vol. IM.

M

Tm'HuNXE, STATES V.
HoOE ANDu
OTHERS.
i/vol.

92

SUPREME COURT U. S.

makes such a voluntary assignment, the preference of the United States attaches, if, upon subsequent in-
,
quiry, it shall" appear tLat he is unable to pay all his debts. The act of 2d of March, 1799, c. 128, 65,
4, p. 387, has the same words, explanatory .of the
term insolvency, with those, of the 18th ! of tle 'act, 1792, vol. 2, p. 79. The legislature did not mean to c6nfine it to cases of insolvency, under a bankrupt or insolvent law of any of the states, or of the United States, nor to voluntary conveyances of all the. property of a debtor, for the benefit of his creditors.

,In the present case, all the property repmains in the same state in which it was at the time of the deed, and it is not contended that it is sufficient to pay all
the debts ; for if it is, Hooe an receive no injury ; but if it is, insufficient, then he can derive no benefit, until the United States are first satisfied.'

We do not contend that the United States had a lien
upon the property. That is a distinct question, and has been decided by this court, at the present term, in the case of UnitedStates v. Fisher, et at.

But it is right that the interest of all should prevail over that of an individual.
We admit that Fitzgerald had the right to sell and alien the property, but it does not follow that he could, 'by a mortgage, or an assignment, prefer a particular creditor to the United States.
The object of the legislature was, that if a inan is unable to pay all his debts, and attempts to give a particular preference, his hand shall be stopped, until the debt due to the United States shall be satisfied. If it turns out that he.was actually insolvent, the United States, and not the individual creditor, shall have the preference.
The object of the deed is, that if Fitzgerald's estate should be insufficient to pay all his debts, Hood shall be preferred.

FEBRUARY, .1805.

83

But the act of congress says that, in that event, the TuzUwrSO United States'shall be preferred. -The deed and the STATES

act are inconsistentwith each other, and the deed mdst Hooz A.O

yield to the act.

oTErus.

Among individual creditors, he had a right to prefer one over another, and such deeds would have been effectual, saving the priority of the United States.
- his question is the same as if it had arisen upon a bond given for duties; for by the act of 3d of March, 1797, c. 74, 5, vol. 3, p. 21, it is enacted, "1that ,where any revenue-officer, or other pers6n, hereafter becoming indebted to the, United States, by bond or 7therwise, shall bec6me insolvent," &c. " the debt due co the United States shall be first satisfied; and the priority hereby established, shall be deemed to extend as well to cases in which 'a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make a vOluntary assignment thereof," &c. "as to cases in which an art of lgal bankruptcy shall be committed."
This is-a voluntary assignment, and Fitzgerald died insolvent. It is not necessary that he should have been so at the time of executing the deed. If he become so afterwards, and before the trust is executed, it is sufficient. It is the intention of the law, if there is an actual insolvency, that all priorities should yield to that of the United States.
The United.States,therefore, has a right to the whole of Fitzgerald's estate, in the first place ; and if that is insufficient to pay the debt, they may resort to Hooe, for the whole penalty of the bond, if necessary.
C. Lee and Swann, contra, contended,
1st. Thai the deed was made bona Jide, and for a valuable and good consideration, and therefore valid upon general principles, both of law and equity.
2d. That it was not invalidated by .any statute or the United States.

84

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HErUZrUzTD 1. Indemnity is a good consideration, within the STATES statute of Elizabeth, 1 Burr.474, FVorseley v. Demattox,

Hooz AN oTHE4s,

to the whole of which case the attention of the court is requested, because, in almost every part, it is pppliScable to the present.

The deed was also bona fide. There is no evidence that Hooe knew of Fitzgeralds inability to pay his* debts at the cate of the deed. Indeed, there is no positive evidence of the insolvency of the estate, even at this moment. it has none of the marks of fraud mentioned in Twyne's case. First; it is only for a .part,perhaps not a third part of his estate. Secondly; although Fitzgerald remained in possession, yet, it being real estate, possession was no mark of fraud, and cohild not deceive and defraud others, because the deed must of necessity be upon record. Thirdly; it was 'not made secretly. Fourthly; it was not made pending any process against Fitzgerald. Fifthly; here was no secret trust for the benefit of the grantor-and, Sixthly; it contains no unusual clauses in support of its honest and fair intentions, which, Lord Coke says, al. ivays induce suspicion.
The whole evidence in the case shows, that. the only intention of the parties was that which is expressed fully and 4fairly in the deed, He had a right to indemnify Hooe atthe time of 'giving the bond, and it can make no difference whether he executed the deed at that time or afterwards ; the consideration was equally good at one time as at the other. It could be no fraud in Hooe to wait for security as long as he thought himself safe; and it could be no fraud in Fitzgerald to give a security, which he was bound in honour and conscience to give, whenever it should be demanded.
.ason, in answer to a question from the Chief Justice, whether there was any act of Congress which' subjected the lands of the debtors of the United States to a specific lien, said, he knew of none, unless it was the act of 1 ith July, 1798, c.'88, § 15, vol. 4,p. 197. But in the present case, Fitzgerald, by his will, charged his lands" with the payment of his debts ; and if he had not, they would jbave been liable to an elegi4.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

ChiefJustice.. I have considered the act of 1798 ; it TnzU xTr.

only creates a lien when a suit is commenced.

STATES

V.

Monday, February25.

HOOZ AVD OThEUs.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. I am directed .y the court to inform the counsel in this case, that they do not wish to
hear any argument from the counsel of the defendants in error, upon the general question of fraud, being satisfied
on that point.

The court also wishes to draw the attention of thecounsel to the question, whether there is any evidence of Fitzgerald's insolvency in the record.

Mason, for the United States.

The'deed in this case is contingent; the power to the trustees to sell is contingent. They can only sell to indemnify Hooe. Utitil he ii" damnified they have no
power to sell. The rents, issues, and profits, are to be taken by Fitzgerald only; and the legal estate being in
the trustees, the property is protected from the elegit of the creditors. Suppose the property conveyed to be
double the value of Hooe's claim, the residue would be protected from creditors, and would still be a fund from which Fitzgerald might draw supplies to himself.

But the insolvency, mentioned in the act of congress, means an inability to pay his debts, in contradistinction to an insolvency under a bankrupt law, or an insolvent -ct.

A voluntary deed, in the act, means a deed by a person
unable to pay all his debts, ,made without coercion of
law, to give a preference to some of his creditors. It is not necessary that it should be a conveyance of all his effects. Suppose he should make three separate deeds;
one to one of his creditors for one third of his -estate ; a second to another creditor for another third of his estate, and a third deed to a third creditor -fortbe residue. The two first deeds would not be less fraudulent than the third, because they conveyed only a part of the estate.

86

SUPREME COIJRT . S.

THUNITE STATES
HOOF ND
OTHERS.

The decree of"the court below is erroneous, because, the answers and evidence specified the, estate and effects
of Fitzgerald, and the court ought to have ascertained the value, and from thence inferred his insolvency. An inSsolvency so ascertained, would have been such an insolvency as would have given the United States a prefbrence.

As to the question, whether the insolvency appears
upon ihe record-the bill charges the fact, and none of the answers or depositions denies it. A comparison of the balance due, with the effects and estate disclosed in the answers, affords the strongest corroboration; and even
Hooe, in his answer, does not deny a knowledge of it. But whether he knew it or not, it is suflfcient if we establish the exibtence of the fact; for in all cases "4where
any revenue officer," " indebted to the United States," " shall become insolvent," "the debt due to the United States shall be first paid."

C. Lee and Swann, contra.

The insolvency contemplated by congress, means a
legal insolvency, not a mere incapacity'to' pay, unattested by some notoridus act of failure, such as a voluntary assignment of all the elects for the benefit of creditors, or the closing of doors to prevent process being served; &c.

The cases provided for by the act, are,

1. If the debtor " shall become insolvent."

2. Where the estate of a deceased debtor " shall be insufficient to pay all the debts."

3. Where "a debtor not having sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make a voluntary assignment thereof."

4. Where " the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall be attached."

The 1st case is that of legal and public insolvency4 where the estate and effects are assigned by Law. If it

FEBRUARY, 18o5.

meant every case where d, man was actually incapable of paying all his debts, it would frequently look back and undo all the negotiations of an extensive trade for many years ;,for it often happens that a merchant continues in
-business and credit long after his capacity to pay all his debts hs ceased. - Besides, it would'have been unneces-
sary for the legislature to add expressly the case of a voluntary assignment, where there was an inability to pay all the debts, if such inability alone w.s within the meaning of the words "shall become insolvent."

TnzU 'TZ
STArES
V.
HooE AZ-D oTZaUS.

2. The case ofa deceased debtor, whose estate shall be insufficient to pay all the debts, would also have been included in the term insolvent, if it is to have so large and loose a construction as is contended for by the counsel for the United States.

3. And so would be the case of a voluntary assignment. But it is said that the present deed is such a voluntary assignment as is contemplated in the act.

The words of the act are, " a debtor, not having suffi-
cient property to pay all his debts," that is to say, the whole of whose property shall be insufficient to pay all his debts, " shall make a voluntary assignment thereof," that is, of the whole of his property. The assignment contemplated in the law must, therefore, mean an assignment of the whole; bdt this is only an assignment of a
part, certainly not so much as hayf of his property, and is, therefore, a complete answer as to that point.

4. The fourth case is of an attachment of the estate
and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, and does not absolutely require an insolvency, or even an inability to pay all the debts ; bit is a case of suspicion, in which a public act has been done and suffered, giving notice of the insolvency, if it really exists..

Even supposing, then, that Fitzgerald was actually un-
able to pay all his debts at the time of executing this deed of trust, (which fact, however, does not appear) yet, as his property was not divested by act of law, nor by such avoluntary assignment as is contemplated by the act of congress, the priority of the United States had not at-

Tt tUNITED STATES
V.
HooE AND OTUERS.
.u'-y-(*.d

88

SUPREME COURT U. S.

tached, so as by any possibility to avoid the deed of
trust.

This construction of the act of congress is warranted by the decision of a very respectable circuit court of the United States, in the case of United States ve King,
allhtce's Reports,p. 13.

The United States are plaintiffs in equity for an injunction, and the burden is on them to prove all the material allegations of their bill. It is on them to prove the insolvency, not on us to disprove it.

If, then, the deed is not fraudulent in itself, nor made
void by any act of congress, the judgment of the court below was cofrect, and ought to be affirmed.

Wednesday, February27.

MARSHALL,. Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the c( urt.

The first point made in this case, by the attorney for
the United States, is, that the deed of the 16th of Janu.. ary, 1799, is fraudulent as to creditors generally.

It is not alleged that the consideration was feigned, or that there was any secret trust between the parties. The. transaction is admitted to have been, in truth, what it purports to be ; but it is contended that the deqd,. on'its face, is fraudulent as to creditors.

The 'deed is made to save Hooe harmless on account
Df his having become the security of Fitzgerald to the United States, and on account of notes to be indorsed by Hooe for the accommodation of Fitzgerald, in the banL of Alexandria.

These are purposes for which it is supposed this deed of trust could not lawfully have been executed ; and the deed has been pronounced fraudulent under the*statute
of 13th of Elizzbeth.

That statute contains a proviso, that it shall not extend to conveyances made upon g-ood consideration,and bona

FEBRUARY, 1805.

89

fide. The goodness of the consideration, in the case at bar, has been adiiitted ; but it is alleged that the"conveyance is not bona fide; and f6r this, Twyne's case has been principally relied on. But in that case, the intent was believed by the court to be fraudulent, and in this case it is admitted not to have been fraudulent. It. is contended, that all the'circumstances from which fraud was
inferred in that case,' are to be found in this ; but the' court tan find between them no trait of similitude. In that case the deed was of all the property ; was secret.; was of chattels, and purported to be absolute, yet the vendor remained in possession of them, and exercised marks of ownership over them. In this case the deed is of part of the property, is of record, is of lands, and purpor's to be a conveyance which, according to its legal operation, leaves the property conveyed in possession of the grantor. In the case of Hamiltonv. Russel, this
court declared-,n absolute bill of sale of a personal chattel, of which the vendor retained the possession, to be a fraud. Bit the difference is a marked one, between a conveyancewhich purports to be absolute, and a conveyance which, from its terms, is to leave the pbssession in the vendor. - If, in the latter case, the retaining of possession was evidence of fraud, no mortgage could ,be valid. " The possession universally remains with the grantor, until the creditor becomes entitled to his mone.y, .and either chuses, or is tompelled to exert his right. That. the grantor is to receive th6 rents and profits, till the grantee shall become entitled to ilemapd the money which the deed is intended to secure, is a usual covenanti

TuP.:zU :ix
ST.ATZS
HOOE AVID
oytiz .

That the property stood bound for future advances, is,

in itself, unexceptionable. It may, indeed, be converted to improper purposes, but it is not positively inadmissible.

It is frequent for a person who expects to become more c-onsiderably indebted, to mbrtgage property to his credi-

tor, as-a security for debts to be contracted, as well as.for that which is already due. All thecovenantsin this'deed

appear to the court to be fair, legitimate, and consistent with common usage. It will barely be observed, that the validity of this conveyance is to be tested by the sta-

tutes of .Virginia, whih-embrace this subject. -But this

is not mentioned as having any influence in this case.

VoL IM

N

SUPREME COUIRT U. S.
iZ V'IITFM The second point foi which the plaintiffs contend is, STATES that this is a case in which the priority of payment claim-
HqOV* ed by the United States in cases of insolvency; intervenes 'OTHERS. and avoids the deed.
This elaim is opposed on two grounds. It is contended,
"1st. That at the time of making this deed, Fitzgerald was not insolvent in point of fact ; and,
2d, That this deed was not a transaction which evidences insolvency under the act of congress.
In construing'the statutes on this subject, it has bees stated by the court, on great deliberation, that the priorit' to which the United States are entitled, does not partake of the character of a lien on the property of public debtors. This distinction is-always to be recollected..
In the case at bar, itwill be observed, on the first objection made by the defendants, that the insolvency, which is the foundation of the claim, must certainly be proved by the United States. It mugt appear that at the time of making the conveyance, Fitzgerald was "a debtor not having sufficient property to pay.all his debts." The abstract from the books of the treasury, is undoubtedly complete evidence as far as it goes ; but it is not intended to show the state of Fitzgerald's -ccoiints in Jantinry, 1799. If that had been its object, it would have credited hirh for the bonds then reported to be on hand. If the case turned entirely on this point, the court would probably send it back for further explanatioq respecting it. But this would be unnecessary, as it is the opinion of the
-ourt that the decree is right, however this fact may stand.
'fa debtor of the United States, who inakes a bonz ide caiPveyance of part of his property for the security of a creditor, is withifi the act which gives a preference to the government, then would that preference be in the nature of a lien from the instant he became indebted ; the inconvenience of which, where the debtor continued to transact business with the world, would certainly he very great.

FEBRUARY, ios.

§

Thewor4s of %heact extendthe meaningof the word inso!,ehcy, to cases where "a debtor, not having siuFcientpropertytopay,all his debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment thereof, for the benefit of his or her creditors." The word "property" +isunquestionably all the property which the debtor possesses ; and the word"' thereof" refers to the word- "propertyr" as used, and can only be satisfied by an assignment pf all the property of the debtor. Had the legislature contemplated a
pirtial assignment, the words "or part thereof," or others of similar import, would have been added.

TuzU.ThzD. Si&.TFS
HooE A:ND
.oTigzs. .

If a trivial portion of an estate sl~ould be left out, "for the purpose of evading the act, it 'would be considered as a fraiud upon the law, ard the parties would not be enabled to avail themselves of such a contrivance. But whero 'a bonafide conveyance of part is made, not to avoid the
law, but to secure a fair creditor, the case is not.within the letter or the, intention of the act.

It is observable, that the term insolvency was originally used, and the subsequent sentence is designed to explain the meaning and intent of the term. The whole explanation relates to such .a general divestment of property, as would, in fact, be equivalent to insolvency in its techi-
cal sense.

It is the opinion of the court, that there is no error in the decree of the circuit court, and that it be affirmed.

After the opinion was given, it was stated, that the court below had decreed the United States to pay costs,
and it'was suggested that that circumstance might have escapedthe notice of this court, in affirming the decree generally.

Mlason observed, that costs were only given by statute, and that the United States are not bound by a statute, unless they are expressly name1 in it. That there was
no means of compelling the United States to pay them.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. That would make no difference, because we are to presume they would pay them if bound by law so to do.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
THzURrrZD Mason. There is no precedent of a judgment against STATES the United States for costs. In the case of the United HoopsD States v. La Vengeance, 3 Dal. 301, the decree of the oQaES.s circuit court was affirmed with costs. But the next day Sthe Chief Justice directed the words "with costs" to be struck out, as there appeared to have been some cause for the prosecution. But he observed, in doing this, the court did not mean to be understood as at all deciding the question, whether, in any case, they could award, costs against the United States, but left it entirely open for future discussion.
.1farch 6th.
The court directed the decree of the court below to be affirmed, except as to costs, and reversed so much of the decree as awarded the 'United States to pay costs, and directed that no costs be allowed to either party in thiq court.

PEYTON v. BROOKE.

Pzviou
13ROOKE,

Wednesday, February27.

In Virginia, THIS case came before the court, upon a bill of excepif the first ca. tions to the opinion of the circuit court of the district of a.be return- Columbia, for the pounty of Alexandria, upon a motion eseconnodn.etm,atyhe for execution on a forthcoming l ond, had taken under
include the the act of assembly of Virginia. Revised Code, P. 309.
eosts of issugboth. The bond, upon which the motion was made, re-
cites a ca. sa. against Peyton, in favour of Brocke, for 525 dollars, and 624 potinds of tobacco, at thirteen shillings- and four pence per hundred weight, and marshatl's fees and commissions, and all costs, 19 dollars and 96 cents, amounting in the whole to 578 dollars and 82 cents.

The execution on which the bond was taken, was for 525 dollars, and 20 dollars, and 624 pounds of to. bacco, at thirteen shillings and four pence per hundred weight.

FEBRUARY, 1805. LAMBERT'S LESSEE v. PAINE.

LANszwT's V.

THIS was an ejectment brought in the circu" court of A de'se of

the United Staues, for the middle circuit in the Virginia "all tAt atore

district ; in which John Doe, a subject of the king of roxb~c. in

GreatBritain, residing without the state of Virginia. lt- the county of

see of John Lambert, anothersubject of theking-of Great Henry, con-

,Britain, complains

of

Richard

Roe,

a citizen 6f

Virginia,

tainiztg
tiain,

ls cs,585

residing woithin the said state, and claims possession eifacresoflwid," a messuage and tenement containing 166 acres of land in caOr-mtiterest, hwefheee-.

the county of Henry, being part of a tract of lhnd called thtra Wltish

Marrowbone.

subject, bor

in Enghlnd, in

The jury found the following special verdict, viz. thc )ct1750, "That George Harmer, being se'ized in fee of the lands awnadys wrheosideald.

in the declaration mentioned, on the 2z5th of June, 1782, in 'England, made a paper-writing. purporting to b: his last will and could, inthb testament, all written with his proper hand, and signed year 1786,
take and hold
by him ; which will we"find in these words: " In the lands in Vir.

name of God, Amen. I George Harmer, of the common- ginia by de. wealth of Virginia, being perfectly well and of sounq scent, or by mind and memory, do make and ordain my last will and devise .

testament, in manner and form following, that is to sixv,

all the estate, both, real and personal, that I possess or am entitled to, in the commonwealth of Virginia, I hit-rby

give and devise unto my'friend, Thomas Mlann Randolph, of Tuckabo, and Henry Tazewell, *ofthe city of

Williamsburgh, intrust, upon these condiions, that when John Harmer, mv brother, now a subject of the king of Grea. Britain, shall be capable of acquiring pro-

perty in this country, that they, or the survivor of them, do convey, or cause to be conveyed to him in fee simple, a good and iiidefeasible title in the said estate; and in

case the said John Harmer should not be capable of acquiring such right before his death, then that my said

trustees, or the survivor of them, do couvey the said

estate hn manner aforesaid, to John Lambert, son of my sister, Hannah Lambert, when he shall be capable of acquiring property in this country ; and in case John Lam-

bert should not, before his death, be capable of a,quiring

a title to the said estate, then I direct the same to be con-

Vol. I.

0

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAMirRT'S LESSEE V. PAINE.
t3",But

veved to my sister, Hannah Lambert, if she, in her life, time; can acquire property in this country.
if the said John Harmer, John Lambert and Hannah Lambert, sh6uld all die before they can acquire property-legally in this country, then I desire that my trustees aforesaid may cause the said estate of every kind to .)e sold, and the 'money arising from each sale, together with intermediate profit§' of the said estate sihall be by them remitted, to Lhe mayor and corporation of the city of Bristol in England, to be by them distributed, according to the laws of England, to the right heirs of my said sister, Hannah Lambert, to whom I hereby give all such money, excepting the sum of 1001. lawful money to each of the aforementioned trustees, which shall be paid out of the first money arising from the sales aforementioned, or from the profits arising to my heirs. In witness whereof; I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my seal this 25th of June, 1782." We find, that on the 12th day of September, 1786, the said'George Harmer, being seised as aforesaid, duly executed another writing testamentary, which we find in these words : "In the name of God, Amen. I George Harmer, being sick and weak in body, but in perfect mind and memory, do give and bequeath unto Doctor Georg'e Gilmer, of Albeinarle county, -all the estate called Mlarrowbone, in the county of Henry, containing, b) estimation, 2,585 acres of land ; likewise, one other tract of land in said county, called Horse-pasture,containing, by estimation, 2,500 acres ; also, one other tract, in the county aforesaid, containing, by estimation, 667 1-2 acres of land, called the Poison-field'. It is my desire that all my negroes, horses, and other' property, be sold, and after paying my debts, the balance, if any, be remitted to my nephew, John Lambert, out of which he shall pay his mother five hundred pounds." &c.

Afterwards, on the 12th or 13th day of September, 1786, he departed this life without revoking the will or writing testamentary last mentioned ; and without any other revocation of the will firdt mentioned,.than the said writing testamentary of the 1'2th of'September, 1786. We find, that John Harmer, mentioned in the paper-writing of June, 1782, departed this life about the year 1793.
We find, that John Lambert, named in the paper-wiitings

FEBRUARY, 1805.

99

aforesaid, the lessor of the plaintiff, and, if capable of inheriting lands in Virginia, heir :iltaw to the said George Harmer; that he was born in England on or before the year 1750 ; that lie has never resided in any of the United States of America, 'and is, and ever has been, from the
time of his birth, a subject of the king of Great-Britain. We find, that George Gilmer aforesaid, junder whose
heir and deyisees the defendant holds, died in the month of November, 1793. We find, that in the December ses-
sion, 1798, the general assembly of Virginia passed an act, which, we find aitlarge in these words: "1An act vestingin the children of George Gilmer deceased, cer, tain lands therein mentioned (passed January 12, 1799.)

LA^unixz'u LE.S'E PALn.

" Section 1.' Be it enacted by the general assembly, that all the right, title and interest, which the common,wealth hah, or may have, in or to the following lands, lyig in the county of Henry, which George Harmer, by
his last will and testament, devised to a certain George Gilmer, and which, since the death of the said George. Gilmer, it is supposed have become escheatable to the commonwealth, to wit, one tract called Marrowbone, containing, by estimation, 2,585 acres ; one other tract called Horse-pasture,containing, by estimation, 2,500 acres; and one other tract called the Poison-feld, containing, by estimation, 667 1-2 acres, shall be, and the same are hereby released to, and vested in, the children,
whether heirs or devisees, of the said George Gilmer, deceased; to be by them held and enjoyed, according to their respective rights of inheritance, or devise under his will, as the case may be, in the same manner as if the said George Gilmer had died seised of the lands in fee simple, and -an office had actually been found thereof; saving*, lowever, to a certain John Lambert, who, as. heir at law to the said George Harmer, claims the said lands, and to all and every other person or persons, bodies politic and
corporate (other than the commonwealth) any right, title or interest, which he or they might or would have had in or to the said lands, -or any part thereof, against the
said children and devisees, if this act had never been
made.

" Section 2. This act shall commence in force from the passing thereof." We'find, that George Harmer was) at the time of his death, seised in fee of the lands in the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAMBERT'S LESSEE V.
1PAIE.

declaration tnentioned, which are of the value of '3,000 dollars, and that George Gilmer, at the time of his death;
vwas seised of the same under the devise to him from the Ssaid Gtorge Harmer. We find the lease, entry and ous-
ter in the declaration mentioned, On the whole matter, if the court shall be of opinion that the law is for the plaintiff, we find for the plaintiff th- lands and tenements in the declaration mentioned, and 20 cents damages ; and if the court shall be of opinion that the law is for the defendant, we find for the defendant."

Upon this verdict the judgment of the court below wan for the defendant.

The transcript of the record contains a bill of excep. tions by the defendant to the relusal of the court to the
admission of testimony to prove that George Harmer, at the time he made the will, in favour of Gilmer, declared to the person who wrote it, that it was his intention to give Gilmer the fee simple.

There was also an agreement of counsel, that if the
court should be of opinion, that the first will ought not to have been admitted in evidence, because not proved be-
fore a court of probate, then so much of the verdict as relates to that will, should not be considered as forming any part of this case.

The writ of error was sued out by the plaintiff, and
general errors assigned. The case was arg~ed at Fcbruary term, 1803, by Atinor and Mason, for the plaintiff in error, and by Key, for the defendant.

Afinor, for the plaintiff, insisted on the following points, viz.

1st. That the devise from George Harmer to George Gilmer, date.d 12th of September, 1786, of all the
estate called Marrowbone, is only a devise for life.

2 1. That John Lambert, heir at law of George Harmer, is not an alien as to the citizens of this country-, and is capable of taking the reversion by descent.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

101

3d. That the will of 12th September, 1786, is only a partial, and not d total revocation of the will of
25th June, 1782; and that this will passes and disposes of the reversionary interest of the testator's estate according to the legal import of that will.

LAmsrEa,',
LESSLL pA,?Z.

4th. That by virtue of the Virginia statute transferring.trusts into possession, the devise of 1782, transferred the legal estate to John Lambert.

5th. That John Lambert, if an alien, is capable of taking by devise, and is protected by the treaty of 1794!, between the United States and Great Britain.
6th. Or that, if not, the property remains in him
until office foind for the commonwealth.

ist. That the devise to Gilmer is only for life.

In the first will of 1782, which is wholly written with
the testator's own hand, he evinces not only a know-
ledge of the import, but of the necessity of technical words of limitation, or perpetuity; yet, in the will of 1786, he uses expressions which convey a life-estate only, and uses no words which can be construed into an intention, wholly to revoke the will of 1782. The first will disposes of the fee to his near relations ; and hence results a strong presumption, that he meant to give only a life-estate by the will of 1786. The will of 1782, makes use of strong terms of limitation, or per-' petuity, and clearly shows his intention of securing the fee simple to his brother and heir, John Harmer, who had, in fact, given him this very land. In the last will
he does not notice his former will, nor mention his brother and heir, but devises "all the estate called M11ar-
rowbone, in the county of Henry, containing, by estimation, 2,585 acres of land," &c. to Doctor George Gilmer.

It is generally true that a devise of real property without words of limitation, conveys only an estate for life. This is the general rule, and must previil, unless such circumstances appear as are sufficient to aatisfy the conscience of the court, that the testator

102

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LABERT'S LESSEE
PAIsn.
y

intended to convey a fee. Cowp. 235, Bowes v. Blachett. So in the case of Hogan v. 7ackson, Cowp. 306.
Lord Mansfield, said, " if the words of the testator denote only a descriptionof the specjijc estate, or lands devised; in that case, if no words of limitationare add-
ed, the devisee has only an estate for life. But if the words denote the quantum of interest or property, that
the testator has in the lands devised, there the wholc extert of his interest passes, by the gift, to the devisee. The question, therefore, is always a question of construction, upon the words and terms used by th9 testator. It is now clearly settled that the words, " all hi. estate," will pass every thing a man has; but, if the word " all" is coupled with the word "personal," or a local description, there the gift will pass only personalty, or the specific estate particularly described." 'And in the case of Loveacres v. Blight, 6'owp. 355, Lord Mansfield said "in general, wherever there are words and expressions, either general or particular, or clauses, ina will, which the court can lay hold of, to enlarge the estate of a devisee, they will do so to efectuate the intention. But if the intention of the testator is doubtful, the rule of law must take place: so, if the court cannot'find words in the will sufficient to carry a fee, though, they them-
selves should be satisfied, beyond the possibility of a doubt, as to what thd intention of the party was, they muct adhere to the rule of law. Now, though the introduction of a will, declaring that a man means to make a disposition of all his Yoorldly estate, is a strong circumstance, connected with other words, to explain the testator's intention of enlarging a particular estate, or of passing a fee where he has used no words of limitation, it will not do alone. And all the cases cited in the argument, to show that the introductory words in this case would alone be sufficient, fall short of the
mark; because they contained other words, clearly manifesting the intention of the testator to pass a feQ." The case of Right v. Sidebotham, Doug. 59, is also very strong. There the introductory clause testifies the intention of the testator to dispose of all his worldly goods and estates, and also a disinheriting legacy to the heir. The devise, then in question, is coupled by the word "and" with another devise to

FEBRUARY, 18o5.

103

the same devisee, her heirs and assigns, yet it was held not sufficient to carry the fee. Lord Mansfield says, " the rule of law is established and certain, that express words of limitatioki, or words tantamount, are necessary to pass an estate of inheritance. All my estate, or, all my interest, will do; but, " allmy lands lying in sfzeh" a place, is not sufficient. Such words are considered as merely descriptive of the local situation, and only carry an estate for life." The same principle is laid down id Gilbert on devises, 24. Thus, we find that the intention of the testator must be sought by fixed rules, and when found, it must not only be sufficiently proved to satisfy the conscience of the court,
but must be coupled with apt and sufficient words to pass a fee. See the case of Frogmorton v. tVright, 3 Wil. 418, which is a strong case for the plaintiff. So is also the case of Chester v. Painter,2 P. Vill. 335. In the case of Fletcher v. Simiton, 2 '.R. 656, the
words were " all my estates," and the decision was upon the ground- of an intention clearly appearing to
dispose of his whole interest. There is nothing in the present case to show an intention of conveying a fee, unless it be the words " all the estate called Mar-
rowbone, in the county of Henry,. containing 2,585 acres of land." The testator does not, in the beginning of his will, as in most of the cases cited, declare an intention of disposing of all his estate and interest. There is a difference between the terms " all the estate" and " all my estate." The latter is certainly a,
more evident allusion to the degree of interest, than the former. The expressions " all the estate called Marrowbone" are clearly words of locality, and not ot interest. What idea would.a lawyer have of an estate called Marrowbone, containing 2,585 acres? Could he ascertain whether it was-an estate for years, for life, or in fee? Besides, the expression is coupled with two others which are most clearly descriptive of the thing, arid not of the degree of interest. " Likewvise one other tract of land, called Horse-pasture; also one othei tract, called Poison-field." Here, by the word 11 lihiwise," is implied that the testator meant to devise the
same degree of interest in each of the tracts ; and by the word " other," it is evident that he intended the former description as a description of a tract of land

LAmmnRT's
LESv.
PAln.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAIDERT'S
LESSEE
V.

PAINE.

a

.

as to locality only, and not of his degree of interest in it. Having, in the first part of the sentence, used an
equivocal word, and having, in the subsequent clause of the sentence, used synonimously a word which is certain in its meaning, and clearly descriptive of the thing, and not of the interest, it is fair. to conclude that the equivocal meaning of the former, is explained and rendered certain by the latter; and that he meant no more by the word estate, than by the expression tract of land. It is a rule, that where words are used synonimously, the word most frequently used shall govern the sense. Here the term tract.of land, is twice used as synonimous to estate; the former, therefore, ought to controul the sense of the latter. It is true, that " all my estate" has sometimes carried the fee ; but to induce a departure from the general rule, the intention must be clear to pass a fee. The word, "'all," is coupled with a local description; it relates to the number of acres, and not to the degree of the testator's interest in the land. The word estate, as used in Virginia, is generally understood to mean a description of the property or thing, and not of the interest ; and this court will respect the provincial mean. ing, to come at the true intention of the testator. It is not probable, and, therefore, is not to be presumed, that he would give his estate to a stranger, and disinherit his heir, who had given him this very estate; and it is to be observed, too, that he does not, in his last will, even mention his brother John, to whom, by the first will, he had given all his estate.

2. The second point is, that John Lambert, heir at law of George Htrmer, is. not an alien as to the citizens of this country,. and is capable of taking the reversion by
descent.

If he is incapable of holding lands in this country, it must be because he is an alien born. Is he such under the legad acceptation of the word alien ? A definition of an alien is tilus given in Calvin's case, 16 .a) 7 C'o. " An alien is a subject that is born out of the ligeance of the king, and under the lig.-ance of another." Wood's Inst. 23. 1 Inst. 1&8 (b.) 1 Woodeson, 386. John Lam bert, the lessor of the plaintiff, was born in England int

FEBRUARY, 1805.

the ye r 1750, under the allegiance of the king of Great Britain. At his birth .he had inheritable qualities, of which he can be'deprived by one mode only, and that is
the commission of a crime sufficient to work corruption bf blood. '1 Bi. Com. 371. This is not pretended.Lamberi was born within the ligqance of the king, the
then common sovereign of this country and England
and, therefore, is not'an alien born.

LAiszaUT' EsfeE
PA1.E

Those born under common allegiance may acquIre and hold lands; and, in time of war, they may join the one, but must render service to the other, for the land.-
Bracton, b. 5,,c. 24,fol. 427".Xb.) I Hae, P. C. 68. Calyin's case, 27. (b.) 7 Co. The words of Bracton arei "1Est etiam et alia exceptio qua tenenti competit ex persona petentis propter defectionem nationis, qux dilatoria est, et non perimit actionem, ut s!quis alieniqena qui [non] fuerit ad ft'em regis Anglia, tali non respondeatur, saltem donec terra fuerint communes, nec etiam
sive rex ei concesserit placitare, quia sicut Anglicus non auditur in placitando aliquem de terris et tenaementis in Yrancia, ita nec debet Francigena, et alienigena, qui fuerit ad fidem regis Francia, audiri placitando in Anglia.S'ed tamen sunt-aliqui Francigena in FLrancia, qui stunt ad
fiden utriusque, et semper fuerunt ante Normanniam
deperditam, et post, et qui placitant hic et ibi, ea rptione qua sunt adfdemn utriusque, sicut fuit W. comes Marreschallus et manens in Anglia, et M. de Feynes manens in Francia, et alli plures; et ita tamen si contingat guerram
moveri inter reges, remaneat personaliter quilibet eorum cum eo cui fecerit ligeantiam, et faciat servitiurn debirum, ei cum quo non steterit in personi." See also Calvin'a case, fol. 25.(a.and b.) 7 Co. A man born in the English plantationis a subject. Wood's Inst. 23. He that is born in the mother country musts afortiori,be a subject,
and capable of all the rights of a subject in the colonies. One of these riglts is that of acquiring property. 1 All p ersons may convey, as well as purchase, except men attainted 'of treason,"1 &c. "alieni born," &c. WFood's
Inst. 213. 1 Inst. 42. (b.) But it has been proved that the lessor of the plaintiff is not an alien born; he, therefore, may purchase or take. If he once had an inheritablk quality, or a capacity to take, and has not forfeited it by any crime, -itfollows iliat he has it yet. The separation of the colonies from England,, could not, in law or

VoL DIL

P

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAIaMRT's reason, deprive him of this right. Calvin's case,fol. 21'. .SsEEz (a.andb.) Calvin's case was shortly this:. CAlvin was

P AT..

born in Scotland, after the crowns of England and ScotSland were united on the head of James the First. The question was, whether he could mnaintin'dn assize of novel disseisinoflands in England,The plea was, "1thathe was an
alien, born at Edinburgh, within the kingdom of Scotland, and within the ligeance of th king of Scotland, and out of 'the ligeance of the kingofEngland." One ofthe objections on the part of the defendants was, that, if postnatiwere, by law, legitimated in England, great inconvenience and confusion would follow, if the king's issue should fail, whereby those kingdoms might again be divided. But to this it
,has answered by, the judges, that 14it is less than a dream of a shadow, or a shadow of a dream; for it
hath.been often said, natural legitimation respecteth actual obedience to the sovereign at the tinie-of the birth : For as the antenati remain aliens as to the crownof En-
gland, because they were born ztJen there were several hings of the severalhingdoms,and thp uniting of the king-
doms by descent subsequent, cannot make him a subject to that crown to,which he was an alien at the time of his birth, so albeiit the kingdoms (which Almighty God of
his infinite goodness and mercy divert) should by descent bedivided, andg-overnedby several inmg; yet it was re.
solved, that all those 'thatwere bornunder one naturalobedience, while the realms were unitedunder one sovereign,
shouldremain natural born subjects, andno aliens';for that naturalization,due and vested by birth-right,cannot, by any separation 'of the crowns afterward, be tahetz away; no'- he that was,' by judgmentof'law, a natural subject at'thetime of his birth, become an alien by such q matter ex post facto. And in that case, upon 6uch an accident, ourpostnatus may be adfidem utriusque regis,
as Bracton saith, in the aforemenioned place, Joh 427." Tije present case is stronger than Calvin's. There the question was whether he had gained a right; but here it is whether he has lost one.. The same rule prevailed when the Saxon heptarchy belcame united under th' lIng
of the West Saxons. Calvin's case, 23. (b.) And also with regard to the possessions held by the kings of England in France at various times, such as the dukedom of
Acqititain, and the earldoms of Poitiers, Normandy and
Anjou. So with regard to the islands of Yetrvey, Guern-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

fey, Man, Ieland,&c. Calvin'scase, 19, &c." I Hale,
A. C. 68, 69. Suppose a division of these states, it would follow, from the doctrine contended for by the opposite counsel, that people.born in the same country, and under one common allegiance, would be aliens to each other.

LAu.nv'a
LssEE V.
P,, .

The kings'of England themselves did homage to the kings of France for provinces which they held, such asNormandy, Guienne, Brittany,&c. This was also the case with many of their subjects ; as in the case of the Duke. of Richmond, Duhe D'.Aubigwy, &c. Hale, P. C. 68.
Calvin's case, 27. (b.) In tillS country the personal scrvices are dispensed with, but the land pays the common tax or duiy.

Aienage is' incident to birth only, 4 T. R. so8, Doe,
ex dem. Durourev. 7ones.

It is not just or reasonable that a man should be punished without committing a crime, or for an act commit-
ted by a superior power which he could not controul. Suppose asedession of one of these states ; would it be just that the citizens of the other states, -holding property in that state, sh6uld forfeit it, or lost their rights ?

The'reasons of policy for'prohibiting aliens from hold-
ing lands, are stated, in Calvin's case, 18. (b.) to be three. 'I. The secrets of the realm might thereby be discovered. 2. The !evetiues of the realm "shoud be taken and enjoyed by strangers born. 3. It should tend to the destruction of the realm.: But none of these apply to the present case. Lambert lives out 6fthe realm, and, therefore, canno betray.its secrets. The land will
continue to pay the taxes, which, being the sinews of war, will preserve the realm. Besides, the case applying
only ,to the ahtenati, is limited in extent, and its operation will be constantly diminishing, by failure of heirs, by alienations, by naturalization, &c.. The English, who understand the principles of the common law at least as well as vwe do, have allowed our citizens to inherit in
similar cases. The cases of the Chichester estate, and an estate recovered by Mr. Boyd, and -the Earl of CassePs estate, are examples. A .liberal pdlicy should dictate a reciprocation of the same principle.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAMBZRT'S
LZSSLIE
PAINE.

The third point, viz. ihat the will of 12th Sept. 1786, is only a partial, and not i total, revocation of the will
of 25th June, 1782 ; and that this will passes and disposes of the reversionary interest of the testator's estate, accorditlg to the legal import of that will, was admitted by the opposite counsel, in case the second will devised a life-estate only.

The fourth point, that by virtue of the Virginia statute transferring trusts into possession, the devise of
1782 transferred the legal estate to John Lambert, was
also admitted, if he is not to be considered as an alien.

The fifth point is, that John Lambert, if an alien, is yet capable of taking by devise, and is protected by the treaty of 1794, between the United States and Great
Britain.

By the 9th article of the treaty " it is agreed that British subjects who now hold lands in the territories of the United States, and American' citizens who now
hold lands in the dominions of his majesty, shall continuie to hold them according to the nature and tenure
of their respective estates and titles therein; and may grant, sell, or devise the same to whom they please, in like manner as if they were natives ; and that neither
they nor their heirs or assigns shall, so fat as may respect the said lands, and the legal remedies incident, thereto, be regarded as aliens."

The only doubt which can be raised upon this article
arises from the word hold. But treaties ought to be liberally expounded, so as to meet the full intention of
the contracting parties. There can be no doubt but the intention was to secure, not only actual possession, but rights which would have vested but for the alienage of the parties. This is apparent from the provision made for legal remedies, which would be wholly useless if the former expressions were meant to comprehend only lands in actual possession.. If, therefore, Lambert is to be considered as an alien, yet the treaty destroys that bar tp his recovery.

'FEBRUARY, 18o.

The sixth point is, that although Lambert should be considered as an alien, and is not protected by the treaty, yet he is capable of taking by devise, and of holding the land until office found for the commonwealth.

LAinzw'6
LESS'i PA.

He certainly has a good right against all the world, except the sovereign. In England, land purchased by an alien does not vest in the king until office found. Co. Lit. 2. (b.) Hargrave's note (3.) 5 Co. 2 (b.) Page's ease, 1 7ofies 78, 79. 1iore, 325, Englefleld's case. 2 B1. Com. 293. If he had been tenant in tail, he might have barred the remainder. Gqukr!). 102.
4 Leon. 84. An alien may take by devise, Powell on Devises, 316, 317, 318. 2 Vez. 362. Knight v. Duplessis, and may hold until office found. "For," aa s Powell, " when-an alien takes by will, the estate, on the will's being consummate, vests in him, and he is in to all intentsandpurposes, as any other devisee would have been, until something further be don.-, to take the estate
devised out of him again for as long as the alien lives, the inheritance is not vested in the king, nor shall he have the land, until office fQund ; but if he die before
office, the law casts the freehold and inheritance upon the king for want of heirs, an alien having none. So that
the title of the crown is collateral to the title by the devise, has no retrospect to the time of its being consummate, nor does it affect the land in the hands of the devisee, until another thing is done to entitle the king, not under the devise, but by right of his prerogative; viz.
oficefound; the tenant being an alien, and consequently, though of capacity to take lands in his own right,yet not of capacity to hold them."

Key, contra, contended,

1st. That George Harmer, by the will of 1786, devised a fee to Gilmer.

2d. That if he did not, yet the lessor of the plaintiff cannot recover.

1st. The word estate, in the devising clause of a will, where it refers to land, denotes and carries the testator's interest in the land. And there is no diiference in con-

110

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAZSIFRr'S
LESSXE
V.
PAINE.

structiotno0flawj whether the words are "all my estate," or "'all the estate." Both carry the whole interest of the
testator. In the present case there are no words of Slorality that operate as description, and prevent the fee from passing. It is admitted that the word estate, where it is coupled with personalty, shall be restrained and will not carry the fee of lands ; upon the principle noscitur ex sociis. This case is not within this distinctioti, because the word estate refers wholly to the land, and the whole personal estate is disposed of by t subsequ-,t, independent clause. Consequently no cases can apply, but where the expressions are similar to those " otf the present wil, and refer to lands. In the case of Wison v. Robinson, 2 Lev. 91. 1 Mod. 100. 25 Car. 2. an. 1672, the words were " all my tenant-right estate at Brigis.'nd in Underbarrow," and it was held .that -they passed the fec." This is the general rule of law, and is uniformly supported by the authorities from the year 1672 to the present time ; except the case ci ed by the plaintiff's counsel, from 2d P. Williams. '1 he case in 2 Lev. 91, is exactly like the preseht; the word lands is used in the same sentence, and in the same manner as in the present case.

The word estate, in wills, always means the interest, unless controuled by words of restriction. Words of locality will not restrain the force of the word estate.
In the case of the Countess of Bridgewater v. Duke of Bolton, 1 'Salk. 236. 6 Mod. 106. SCC. the words wtre " all other my estate realandpersonalnot otherwisedis-
posed of-by this my will, for to be given by him to his children as he shall think convenient, I solely trusting to his honour and discretion that he will give them such provision as will be necessary." "BEet per Holt, Ch. 7.
who delivered the resolution of the court, the rents pass by these words " all my real and personalestate," for
the word estate is genusgeneralissimum,and includes all things real and personal, and the fee of the rents passes, at least the whole estate of the devisor; for allhis estate is a description of his fee. In pleading a fee simple, you say no more thi seisitus In dominico suo ut defeo-
do ;. and in farmedon, or other action, if a fee simple be'alleged," you say cujus statum the dematidant now has." And he held "that devising all his estate, arid

FEBRUARY, 189t.

all his estate in such a house, was the same, and that all LAxzzrr'a

his estate in the thing passed in either case."

LESSR V:

The next case is thatof Barry v. Bdgeworth, 2 P. Williams 523, -dnno 17'29, which overrules the case of Chester v. Painter,cited by the plaintiff's counsel from 2 P. Williams 335, anno,1725." In this case of Chester v. Painter,the court probably took the whole will together, and from the testator's having used the Nvord heirs in some of the devises, and omitted it in the devise in question, concluded that it was not his intention to pass the fee.. In the case of Barryv. Edgeworth-the.words iv.ere" " all her land and estate in upper Catesby, with all their appurtenances," and the master of the rolls held it to be decided b'y the case of the Countess of Bridge. water V. the Duke of Bolton, Salk. 236 ; and said, "the' word estate naturally signifies the interest rather than ihe subject, and its primary signification refers thereto ;
and although the devise be of all her land and estate in upper Catesby, this is not restrictive with respect to the estate intended to pass by the will, but only as to the land." "And as the word estate has been agreed and settled to convey a fee in a will, it would be dangerous to refine upon it ; for then none could give any opinion thereupon." This case refers to that of Murry v. Wyse, 2 Vern. 564, anno 1706, where the words "all
the rest andresidue of his realandpersonalestate -whatsoever," were held to pass a fee. Precedents in Chqn. 264. S. C. In the case of Ibbetson v. Betkwith, Cases
Temp. Talbot, 157, the words were, " as touching my worldly estate, wherewith it hath pleased God to bless me, I hive, devise, and, dispose of the same in the manner following." Then follow two devises of "1 estates,))
burthened with the payment of debts and legacies, which were.admitted to carry a fee; after, which came
thfe devise in question: " Item, I give unto my -loving mother all my estate at,Northwith close, North closes, and my farm held at Roomer, with *all my goods and chattels as they now stand, for her natural life, and to m y nephew Thomas Dodson, after he' death, !f he -will
but change his name to Beckwith; if he does not, Igive him only .20, to be paid Iii or for his life out of North-
with close, North close; and the farm held at Roomer ; which I give her upon my nephe iv's refusmg to change

112

SUPREME.COURT, U. S.

LAUtg.RTs
Xz53z .,

hisname, to her and her heirs forever." The question was, whether Thomas Dcdson took an estate for life,
-orfiene. The Lord Chanc6llor decreed that he" took
Sthe fee; and said, that the word estate carries the fee, and that no case had been, cited " to warrant the altering the khown legalsignificationof it." See also Gilb. Devises, 25.' So in th "case. of Bailis v. Gale, 2 Vez. 48, anno 1750, the testator devised to his wife all that estate he bought of Mead for so long as she shall live; and
in another clause said, "Igive to my son, Charks Gale, all that estate Ibought,of Head, after the death of my wife." The Lord Chancellor said, that the word "estate is admitted to be sufficient to make a description not only of the land, but the interest in the land i" and he held that the fee pasied to Charles.

The case of Hogan v. Yackson, Cowp. 306, shows
that the word estate is sufficient to pass all the interest of the testator inthe thing devised. So in the case of
.oveaeres v. Blight,cited from Cowp. 355, Lord Mansfield says, "1the word estate comprehends not only the land or property a man'has, but also the interest he has in it." And in Denn v. Gaskin, Cowp. 659, he puts the words, " all my estate," as an example of at expression tantamount to words of limitation.. See also the case pf Hodges v. ilfiddletoh, Doug. 434, where the argu. ment of counsel is strong to the samt, effect. All the subsequent cases refer to that of Bqrry and Edgeworth,
P. Will. 523, arid none of them refer to that of Che.ter and Painter, in 2 P, Will. 335. The case of Right v. Sidebotham, cited from Doug. 763, does not apply to the present case,. as the words of that devise were, " all my lands,' tenements and houses," and not all the
estate, as in our case. The authority from Gilb. on Devises, p 24, is answered by p. 25 ; and.the reason why a fee did not pass in the case in p. 24, is, because the word estate was coupled with personalty. The case
of Frogmorton v. Wright, cited from , Wilson, 418, had no words descriptive of the testator's interest, and the case of Fletcher'v. Smiton, cited from 2 T. R. 660, is a strong case to show that the word estates'will carry the fee, unless restrained by other words, clearly showing a -contrary intention. A description of the place capnot, in reason, restrict the operation of the word

FEBRTARY, 1805.

113

.estate, because, unless the place be named you cannot LAMIT-r'C

tell either what land, or what estate the testator meant LESSZZ

to pass.

V.

But, it is said, there is a difference between the ex-
pressions, " all my estate," and "all the estate," and that the former more clearly indicates the interest than the latter. Nothing but the refinement of ingenious men could finda diversity in these expressions. When a testatdr.is disposing of his worldly affairs, it is his own property that he means to dispose of, and not that of another person. When, therefore, he uses the expression, the estate, it means the same as his estate. But this subtlety of construction was soon exploded in express terms. It was suggested by the counsel, in the case of Bailisv. Gale, 2 Vez. 48, but Lord Hardwicke
held, that it makes no difference which mode of ex-
pression is used.

So there was once an attempt made to distinguish between the words "at" and "in," such a place; but this was overruled by Lord Talbot, in the case of Ibbetson v. Beckwith, Ca. Temp. Talbot, 157. The word "at' was used in the case in 2 Lev. 91, and in the case
before Lord Talbot. But the word "in" was used in the case of Barryv. Edgeworth, 2 P. Will. 523 ; yet the decisions in those cases were all the same way.

From this chronological view of cases, it seems clear that the word estate, in a will, carries the whole
interest of the testator, unless there are other words clearly ihdicating an intention to give a less estate. No
such words appear in the present will; hence it follows, that the whole interest of the testator was devsed to the defendant.

But, 2dly. If Doctor Gilmer took only a life-estaze, yet the lessor of the .plaintiff is not entitled to recover.

1st. Because John Harmer stands before him in the

first will ; and if the doctrine of antenati is correct,

it applies to him as much as to Lambert, and therefore,

upoh the death of Doctor Gilmer, the estate vested

in John Harmer, who was the person last seised. But

Vol. III.

Q

SUPREME COUtRT U. S.

LAMBEsR'S
LESVS.EE PAIN.

the special verdict does not find LamlYert to be the heir of John Harmer, but of George Harmer, which is
wholly immaterial. If Lambert is not the heir of the Sperson last seised, he cannot recover. For if the first devise to John Harmer took effect, the contingent devise to Lambert could not; and therefore, if the latter is entitled at all, it must be as heir of John Harmer, and not as'devisee of George .Harmer.

Equitable estates are governed by the same rules as estates at law. George Harmer died in 1786; John Harmer died in'1793. Either John Harmer was an alien, or he was not. If he was npt an alien, then he
took under the devise, and it is not stated who was his heir. If he was an alien, then he was or was not competent to take as devisee. If competent to take, then the record does not state Lambert to bc his heir. If he was not competent to take under the devise, neither is Lambert,,for the same reason. But if Lambert can take as devisee, so could John Harmer, and the lessor of the plaintiff must then show a title under him. The will states John Harmer to be the testator's brother, and Lambert to be his sister's
son; but itdoes not thence follow, that he was heir at law of John Harmer ;.for the sister might be of the half-blood.. Every thing must appear in the special verdict to complete the plaintiff's title ; and upon the strength of his own title only, can he recover.

But the doctrine of antenati is not correct. The king, under whose allegiance the two were born, is the common bond which connects the inheritable blood. The English doctrine is, that a man can never expa-
triate himself, and hence they have allowed our citi.
zens, born before the revolution, to inherit to British
subjects. But, by the revolution of 1776, and the declaration of independence, new relations took place. A new sovereignty was created, to which British subjects, not in this country at that time, never owed alltgiance, and, therefore they can have no inheritable bood as to lands in this country.

But it is said that Lambert, if an alien, could take and hold until office found.

FEBRUARY, 18W3.

If Lambert, as an alien, could take, so could John Harmer, and therefore, upon his death, the inheritance devolved upon the commonwealth, without office. Co. Lit. 2. (b.) I Bac. Ab. 81. An alien can nevet take by operation of law, and, therefore, a feme alien cannot be endowed, nor can an alien be tenant by the courtesy.
1 Bac. Ab. 83. An alien purchasermay take and hold till office found ; and may protect himself against an
ejectment, because no one who has not a better title, can recoyer against the- possessor. But he cannot maintain an ejectment. If J9hn Harmer took any thing, it was the reversion in fee, subject to the
life-estate of Gilmer. If John Harmer -died before
Gilmer, then, upon the death of John Harmer, this reversion vested in the commonwealth. If Gilmer died before John Harmer, then, upon the death of the latter, the whole estate vested in the commonwealth.

LAwnza-s L-1SSE p,.

Then, as to the treaty of 1794. John Harmer having died in 1793, and the ihheritance being, by his death, cast upon the commonwealth, it was not a sub-
ject within the meaning of the treaty. John Lambert did not, -atthat time, hold the land, for it had gone to the commonwealth of Virginia., The treaty did not intend to divest a right actually vested in the commonwealth.

Mason, in reply. The word estate may mean the interest as well as the thing; but whether it is to have that sense annexed to it or not, depends upon the intention of the testator, collected from the whole circumstances of the case. All the facts found by the verdict are to be taken into consideration, to form a correct idea of the testator's intention. By the first he clearly meant to give
the fee to his brother and his heirs. The second will does not expressly revoke the first, and contains nothing which can be construed into an implied total revocation, unlesq the word estate conveys a fee to Doctor Gilmer. All the cases which have been cited are governed entirely by the intentionoftie testator. Where the intention was to pass
a fee, there the word estate has been adjudged sufficient - to carry the intention into effect. The words "the estate called Marrowbone," in common acceptation, mean the tract of land called Marrowbone. They. cannot necessa-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

L MSERT's LESSEE
V.
PAINE.

rily mean the fee simple, because the estate would still be cailed Marrowbone, whether the interest was for life or for years.

The case of Chester v. Painter, 2 P. Will. 336, has not been overruled. It is consistent with all the other cases. It did not appear to be the intention of the testator to give the fee, and, therefore, although the word estate was used, it was held that the fee did not pass. This
shows that the word estate is not alone sufficient. Where words may be used in a large or in a contracted sense, the true construction is to be sought only by the intention of the person using them.

In the present will of 1786, there is no preamble stat-
ing it to be the intention of the testator to dispose of all his estate by that will ; nor is there any residuary devise.
As the first wil is not expressly revoked, the two wills arc to be considered as forming but one will. In such a case, the
rule of construction is, that every clause shall be carried into effect, if possible. No repugnance shall be presumed, if the whole can stand together ; and if one construction
will reconcile the various parts, and another will make them repugnant, the former is to be adopted. To suppose that the word estate, in the last will, conveyed the fee,
would be to create a repugnance to the first will, and, therefore, that construction is not to be given to the word if it will bear another. It must be admittedthat it may be
used in two senses. In one it means the thine and the interest; in the other it means the thing only. The one
may be termed the technical, and the other the common
sense of the word. By giving it the latter construction, the two parts of the will can be reconciled, and, therefore, that construction ought to he adopted.

It is conceded, that the legal estate in the trustees
cannot be set up against the cestui que trust. It ought also to be admitted, that this doctrine holds between those parties only ; but as to every body else, the trust and the legal estate remain separate, to support the trust. In such a case the commonwealth cannot take by office found, but must sue in chancery to have the trust executed for it, lefit.

It will not 'be contended, that the trustees were not competent to take and hold the property in trust. The

FEBRUARY, 1805.

117

devises to John Harmer and John Lambert were contingent. If the contingency h2s not happened, the trustees still hold for the purpose of executing the trust when the contingency shall happen. John Harmer died in 1793, before the contingency happened upon which his devise depended. Upon his death, John Lambert's right under the will accrued. He had a title under the trust; and the treaty of 1794 protects it. . The treaty is a nullity unless it protects such rights as this. If it protects only good and indefeasible titles, it is wholly useless, for such titles can protectthemselves.

L unmuT's LESvS. Z-
PAINK.
N..v-y-ft.,1

But if any right-vested in John Harmer, then the title of Lambert is good as his heir at law. For the jury have found him to be heir at law of George Harmer; but he could not be the heir of George, if John left any children ; and if John left no children, then is Lambert heir to John. The conclusion is irresistible ; as much so as if the jury had found it, As to the objection that Lamberts mother might be sister of the half-blood, it would prevent him from being heir to George as well as to John.

February 18.

This cause was again argued at this term by the same
counsel, before Cushing,Paterson,Washington and 7ohnson, Justices. -Marshall,Ch. J. having formerly been of counsel for one of the parties, did not sit, and Chase, J. was absent.

The argument took nearly the same course as before.
ZkMinor, for the plaintiff in error, in addition, to his argumint as already reported, contended that the rule of the common law,' which requires words of limitation to create a fee simple, was never departed from until after the statute of wills ; and even then the courts did not depart from, but only softened the rule; and that only in cases vhere the intention was clear to pass the fee. 2 Atk. 103, Timewell v. Perkins.

He then went into a minute examination of the following cases, viz. Cowp. 240, Beawes v. Blackest. 2 Vez. 48, Bailis v. Gale. 2 Lev. 91, Wilson v. Robertson. 1 .1Mod. 100, S. C. 1Salk. 236, Countess ofBridgewater v. Duke

118-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAMBERT'S LESVS.EE
PAINE.

ofBolton. "I Fez. 228, Goodwin v. Goodwin. Ca. Tentp. Talbot, 84, Tanner v., Morse. 3 P, Will. 295. Tan.
ner v. Wyse. 2 Vern. 690, Beachcr'oft v. Beachcroft, and Ca. Temp. Talbot, 157, Ibbetson V. Beckwith ; and from the whule deduced this principle, that the intention of the testator must be so clear as not to admit of a doubt ; for if there is the smallest ground of doubt the court will not disinherit the heir.

He also cited the case of llfarhant and Twisden, from
Ca. Eq. Ab. 21 1, . ,2,where it was hcld, that thL words "all the rest and residue of my estate, chattels real and
personal," carried only a life-estate ; and the case of Bowman v. AIbanke, 1 Lev. 130,ip which the words were, " I give all to my mother, all to my mother." Yet there, although ever feeling of the heart is engaged in' support of that filial piety which could so fervently speak its in. tention of giving his whole estate to his mother, it was held, that the land did not pass. In our case, the feelings are all thrown into the opposite scale : the devise is to a stranger in exclusion of th heir; and that heir the very brother to whose bounty the testator was indebted for this very estate.

"Uncertain words in a will must never be carried so far as to disinherit the heir at law. And though therb be words which of themselves would disinherit him, yet, if
they come in company with other words which render
their import less forcible, they ought to bd construed favourably for the heir." 12 Mod. 594, Shaw v. ull, in
which case the words of the ,devise were, &andall the overplus ofmy estate to be at my,wire's disfosal,and make her my executrix."'

In the case of Moore v. Denn, 2 Bos. and Pul. 247, the words of the will were, "First, I give and devise unt9 my kinsman, NicholasLister, all that my customary or copyhold messuage or tenement, with the appurte-
nances, situate and being in .Eccle feld aforesaid, as the same is now in the tenure or occupation of Valentjn' Sqkes ; all the rest of my lands, tenements, and hereditaments, either freehold or copyhold, whatsoever or
wheresoever, and also all my goods, chattels, and lierson-
al estate, of what nature or kind soever, after payment

FEBRUARY, 185.
of my just debts and funeral expenses, I give, devise LAxnznwes and bequeath the same unto my loving wife, Sissily,Carr, and I do hereby, nominate and appoint her sole executrix Poz'ez. of this my last will and testament." Upon this devise it was'decided by the House of Lords, on a writ of Vrror, that the wife took only an estate for life.
In the present case, it is sufficient for us if the words of the will-are doubtful ; for if the intention to devise the fee is not clear beyond all doubt, the presumption is in favour of the heir at law.
2. Upon the question of alienage, in addition to the authorities produced on the former argument, he cited Vaugfhan, 279, §5, and 286, §3, that a person born in the plantations may inherit lands in England ; and 2 Tucker's edition of BL. Com. appendix, p. 53, 54, 61, 62, that the antenatiof England, who remained British subjects after the declaration of independeice, were still capable of inheriting lands in America, or- of holding those which they already possessed.*
Key, for defendant in error, upon the question of the devise, took the same ground as in his former argument.t
There is a difference in the effect of the word estaie, -when used in the preamble of a will, or in the residuary
JoamsoN, J. Does not the last clause of the will of 1786, show that'the testator meant, by that krill, to dispose of his -hole estate.2
Mason. That clause relates only to personal estate. The word property is coupled with negroes and horses, which shows in what sense he meant to use it. But if it comprehends the reversion ofthe real estate, yet, a, he -kppointedno person to make the sale, the reversion would descend to the heir at law, until some person should be appointed, by proper authority, to carry that clause of the will into effect.
t WA IxaNTo-, J. Is the willof 1782 so executedand recbrded
-as to pass lands .
Key. The jury have found that he executed it, and it is not necessary that a will of landt should be recorded under the laws of England, and the law is considered the same in Maryland. I do not object to the will on that account.

120

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LASruT's clause, and when used in a specific devise. When used 11Vs.s Z in the devising- clause, it always carries the, whole inter-, PAINE. est of the testator in the thing deviged.
An argument has been drawn from the xmanner in which the two other estates are 'described ; and it is said that because they are not called estates, but tracts of land, the devise clearly givesonly a life-estate in those two tracts, and therefore it is to be presumed that the testator only meant to give a life-estate in the Mkarrowbone tract; because he has coupled them all together bv, the words "lihewise" and " also."'

But we say that be meant to give the fee of all the tracts to George Gilmer, and that the words are suffi-
ciently large tct carry.that intention into effect.

In the case of Cole v. Rawlinson, I Salk. 234, the words
'of the devise were, "I give, ratifyi and confirm, all my estate, right,, tide and interest, whith I now have; and all the term and terms of years which I nbw have, or may have in my power to dispose of after my death, in whatever I hold by lease from Sir John Freeman, andalsothr
house called the Bell Tavern, to John Billingsley," and it was adjudged that the fee of the Bell Tavern passed, by force of the words " and also," which caused the preposition "in" to be understood; so as to read ,"and also in the Bell Tavern." So, in the present case, the three'spe-
cific objects of the devise are connected by the words "likewise" and "also," and you must apply the first part of the devising clause to each subject, and read, it thus: " likewise I give and bequeath unto Doctor George Gilmer, of Albemarle county, all the estate in one dther tract of land called 11orse.pasture.11 The word "likewise" shows that he meant to give the same
interest in the two other 'tracts, which he had given in
Miarrowbone.

Upon the question of alienag-e, he contended, that by the common law, every man is an alien to that governTent under whose allegiance he was not born. The ca-
pacity to inherit results from the fact that the heir and ancestor both owe allegiance to the sovereign of the
country where the lands lie. The right of inheritance is

FEBRUARY, 1805.

121

derived dnly through one common sovereign. The allegiance doe to that sovereign is the commune vinculum which connects the heir with his ancestor as to the tenure of lands. This common allegiance must exist at the
time of the birth of the heir, and continue unbroken till -the time of the descent. If this allegiance is not to be confined to the sovereign of the country where the lands 'lie, ii would follow, that where the ancestor and heir were both natural bdrn 'ubjects of a foreign state, (for instafice, subjects of France) andthe ancestor should be naturalized in- this country, and become a purchhser of lands here, the heir, although not naturalized, would still have a right to inherit those lands; because they both owed allegiance to France, their common and natural sovereign.

LAxIDn wz'S a
PAIz.

The American antenatimay inherit lands in England, because the ancestor and heir both owed a common allegiance to the soverei n of that country, where the lands lie. But the British antenatinevei owed allegiance to the goyernment of this cotntry, and, therefore, the British heir cannot inherit the American lands of his American ancetor.

if, then, the capacity to inherit depends upon a com-

mon 'legi'ance to the sovereign of that country where

the lands arei it will follow, that when that common

allegiance ceases to exist, the capacity to inherit must

ceae als6.- The common allegiance to the sovereign

of this country ceased by the declaration of indepen-

"denc&, br, at least, when that independence was acknow-

ledged by the king of Great Britain; at the treaty of

peace, whereby he assented to the withdrawing our

allegiance ; and, the principle of the comni-on law, that

natural allegiance must be perpetual,.is not so rigid, but

that it may be .'haken 6ff with the assent of the sovei

reign to whom it was due. For in I H. H. P. C. 6%.

Lord Hale says, ."1that though there may be due from

the same person, subordinatealhgiances," "yet there

cannot, or, at le'ast, should not, be two or more co.ordi-

i.ate-absolute allegiances, by one person, to severl in.,

dependent or absolute princes; for that lawful prince

that hath the prior obligation of allegiance from his

subject, cannot lose that interest-without his'own .con-

VOL i.

R

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Lhx,,Ir's
.'L&SSEE
V. PAI2.
u

sent, by his subject's resigning himself to the subjection of another; and hence it is, that the natural born "subject-of one prince, cannot, by swearing allegiance to another prince, put off' or discharge him from that natural allegiance ;..for this natural allegiance was intt in. sic and primitive, and antecedent to the other, and cannot be- divested -without the concurrent act of that prince to -whom it was first due. Indeed, the subject of
a prince, to whom he owes allegiance, may entangle himself, by his absolute subjecting himself to another prince,, which may bring him into great straits ; but h8 cannot, by such a subjection, divest the, right of subjection and allegiance that he first owed to his lawful prince."

Hence, it is clearly the opinion of Lord Hale, that natural allegiance may be divested and dissolved, with the concurrent act of that prince to whom it was due and by anote of the editor, in the samepageit seems that the doctrine of perpetual allegiance, refers only to apri. vate subject's swearing allegiance to a foreign prince, and has no relation to a national withdrawing of allegiance.

If the American revolutipn is to be considered as such a national withdrawing of allegiance, ;hen that *ithdrawing was complete and perfect, even before the assent of the king of England was obtained, aind the American antenati are as totally absolved from all allegjance to the British 'king, as if'they had been natural born aliens;

There being, then, no common allegiance betweep the british and the American antenati, at the time of the descent cast, -there can be no capacity to inherit the one to the other, even were it not necessary that the com. tnon allegiance should be to the sovereign of the country where the lands lie.

.Lord Hale, also, in tlhe same page, shows in what sense Lord Coke, in Calvin's case, and Bracton before him, have used the expression, " ad fidem utriusque tegis." He says, "it appears by Bracton,, that there
were very- many that had been antiently. adfldem reis

FEBRUARY, 180s.'

123

.Angfie et Francihr, especially before the loss. of Normand%; such were the comes maresckallus that usually lived in England, andO. de Faynes,manens inFrancia, who were adftdem utriusqueregis, but they exir ordered theirhomages andfealties, so that they swore or professedigeance,orlige-homageonly! o one/and the homage they peiformed to the other, -was not purely lige-ho.
mage, but ratherfeudal, as shall be shown more hereafter ; and, therefore, when war happened between the two crowns, remaneat personaliter quilibet eorum cum ei, cui fecerat ligeantiam, etfaciat servitium debiturn ei cum quo non steteratinpersona,namely, the service due from the feud or fee he holds.?'

L^n.aa. L"GrGE p V*

The opinion of the court in Caltinscase, 27, that if the kingdoms of England and Scotland " should be, by descent, again divided and governea by several
kings,"- "those born under one natural obedience, while the realms were united under one sovereign, would remain natural born subjects, and not aliens," was at
least an extrajudicial opihion ; and it is not very clear what is the meaning of it. Does it mean that they would be natural burn subjects of both kingdoms, or
only of that which should remain governed by the same king?. If the former, yet the case is not parallel to ours. Ours is a case where a new sovereignty has sprung up, and no person could be born under its al-
legiance before its existence. According to Calvin's case, allegiance does not depend upon the country in
which the person is born, but upon the obedience and subjection of that country at the time of the birth. A person, therefore, born before the independence of the
United States, cannot be called a naturdLborn subject of the United States ; and if he was not here at the time of the revolution, he cannot maintain a suit, as to lands in this country, but by virtue of' some express stipulation in a treaty.

Mason, in reply, If the declaration of independence, and the treaty, totally divested all allegiance, so 1hat the British antenati are aliens to us, it would equally makd American antenatialiens to the British.
But we all know that cases have happened, in which American antenatihave been adjudged capable of in-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAX13RT's LESSE.
PAINE. y

heriting landi in Great Britain ; arid if those British decisions were correct, they must haie been grounded
upon the principle, that our antenati were not aliens to the king of Great Britain; and if the declaration of independence did not make us aliens to them, it could not make them aliens to us.

The American revolution only discharged the political relation which subsisted between us and the crown of England. - It did not destroy individual rights or capacities. The revolution was to accom. plish a great national object. No one individual can be charged with it. It was a national act, to maintain national rights, and only such rights were affected by it. It only absolved our allegiance, but did not ex fiecessitate, take away the capacity to inherit.
CUSHING, J. Are not allegiance, and the capacity to inherit, connected together
NYason. Yes; and therefore the dommon law will not consider the allegiance so totally absolved as to make him anm alien who was born a subject, and thereby deprive him of the right of inheritance.

Although, by the act of Virginia, in 1779, Lambert was to be considered as an alien, and incapable to sue, &c. yet that act was repealed by the treaties, and therefore he stands just where hedid' before the revolution.
The private rights of individuals were not affected by the revolution, except by the laws of the several states.

The object of the treaties was to put indiiduals as
nearly as possible on the saz'e, footing as before the revolution ; and the words of the treaties are suffi. ciently large to accomplish that purpose. They* are; " and that no persoft shall, on that account, suffer any future loss or damage." If Lambert is on that account
to be deprived of his right of inheritante, it will be such a loss, and damage, as will be a violatioin of the
treaty of 1783.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

What is cominon law in England, iscommon law in LAmnzaT's

Virginia; what is law and jus.tice there, is law and "'SV".

justice here.

PAI:.L

Policy, justice, and magnanimity require that we should apply the same beneficial rule to them, which they have extended to us.

PATERSON, J. Would not the decisions ha,e been the same in England, if there had been no such article in the treaty?

Mason. Yes, if there are no British statutes to pfevent it; and the decisions would have been similar in Virginia, if there were no act of assembly on the subject.

In this position, I am supported by a very learned
judge in Virginia, (Judge Tucker) who is not suspect. ed of any improper partiality to Great Britain, or her subjects. In his notes to Blachstone's Cpmmentaries, vol. 2, Appendix, p. 53.& 54, he says, " all persons born within the United States, whilst colonies of Great
Britain, were natural born subjects of the crown of Great Britain." " The natives of the colonies, and the natives of the parent state, were, in consequence thereof, of equal capacity to inherit or hold lands in the different parts of the British empire, as if they had been born, and their lands situated in the same country. And in fact, many native Americans did hold
estates in England, and on the other hand, great numbers of the natives of Great Britain, who had never been in America, possessed estates in lands in the
colonies.

"By the declaration of independence, the colonies became a separate nation from Great Britain; yet, according to the principles of the laws of England, which
are still retained, the natives of both countries, born before the separation, retained all the rights of birth; or, in other words, American natives were still capable of inherititg lands in England, and the natives of England, who remained subjects of the crown of Great Britain, were still capable of inheriting'lands in Ame.

126

SUPREME COURT U. S.'.

L. MBERT's rica, or, of holding those which they already possess. ,LESSEE ed." Aipd again, in page .61, he says, " By the common

PAIN..
y

law, upon the separation between America and Great Britain taking place, the natives of Great Britain were
constructively natural born in America, and, notwith-
standing that separation, mijlt hold lands here, as if they had been residents in America." After mention. ing the act of assembly of Virginia, of .Aay, 17Y9, c. 55,. by which they were declared aliens, he says, "by the treaty of peace, the common law principle, that the antenati of both countries, were natural born to both, and as such, capable of holding, or. inheriting in both, seems to have been revived ; in consequence of which, they are now capable of holding, purchasing, or inheriting in the same manner as if they were citizens.'

As to the-quiestion of the devise, it is not denird
that the word estate ;a sufficiently large to carry tire ,fee ; nor, that the intention of the testator is to govern the construction of the will.

But, we contend that the word estate is not aloni
sufficient to carry the fee. It is only a word which courts will lay hold of, to effectuate the intention of the
testator: but then the intention to pass a fee, must bt clear beyond all manner of doubt, befQre the court'will disinherit the heir at law..

Mar/h 1.

The judges now delivered their opinions seriatim
JoHNsoN, J. This is a writ of error from the cir. cuit court of Virginia to reverse a judgment in ejectment given-for the defendant.

The circumstances of the case come out on a special Verdict, from which it appears, that George Harmer, under whom both parties claim, was a citizen of the state of Virginia. That on the 25th June, 1782, he made a will, by which he devised "a ll the estate both real and personal which (he) possessed or was entitled to in the commohwealth of Virginia," to certain trus-

FEBRUARY, 18d5.

127

tees, "1in trust and upon these conditions : that when John Harmer, (his) brother, (then) a subject of Great Britain, shallbe capable of acquiring property inthis country, then they, or the survivor of them, do convey or caug to be conveyed to him, in fee simple, a good and indefeasible title in. the said estate ;" and in case Johq Harmer should not be capable of acquiring such right before his death, he then directs. the conveyance t6 be executed to his nephew, thie plaintiff; and in case of his not being capable of acquiring lands before his
death, he directs the esiate to be sold-and the proceeds
paid over to other relations.

LA)(z-

T1 7S

V.

P&zzr

In the year 1786 George Harmer executes another will, which, as evety part of it is material to the case before us, I will peruse at length. (Here hlread the will - of 1786.) The testator died soon after executing the last mentioned Will. His brother, John Harnier, died in
1793, having never become a citizen.

The iury further find that John Lambert, -the plaintiff, is a British subject, was born before the.revolution, viz, in the year 1752, and is heir at law to the testator. The treaties with Great Britain, and'an act of Virginia, vesting in George Gilmer any interest that may have escheated, are also found in the-verdict; The
land sued for, is a part of the Marrowbone tract. The questions suggested are,

I.-What estate is conveyed to Ge6rge Gilmer by the willof 1786 ?

2. If but an estate for life, does the will of 1782 re-main unrevoked as to the remainder, so as to convey it to the plaittiff?

3. And last. Is John Lambert disqualified to inherit .as an alien ; or, if incapable, generally as such, is he not protected by the treaties existing between this go.
vernment and Great Britain, particularly the 4th article
of the treaty of London?

To form a judgment gn the first poixt, it is necessary to consider,

128

SUPREME COURT U. S.

3L4MrEVT'$ 1. The general import and effect of the word estate,

L' SE, as applied to a devise of realty.

.-

V.

PAtNS. S2.

Whether its general import id controuled or al-

tered by the subsequeint words used in a similar sens.

in the will of ,1786.

I consider the doctrine as well established" that the word estate, n*ade use of in a devise, of realty, will carry a fee,:or whatever other interest the devisor possesses. And I feel no disposition to vary the legal effect of the word, whether preceded by my or the, or followed by at orin,. or in the singular or plural num-
ber. The intent with which it is used, is the decisive consideration; and I should not feel myself sanctioned in refining away the operation of that intent, by discri-
minations so minute, as those which have been attempt.
ed at differefit stages of 'English jurisprudence.

The word estate, in testamentary cases, is sufficiently descriptive both of the subject and the interest e*isting in it. It is unquestionably true, that its meaning may be restricted by. circumstances 'or expressions indicative- of its being used in a limited or particular sense, so as to confine it to the subject alone ; but certainly, in its general use, it is understood to apply more
pertinently to the interest in the subject. To 'one not accustomed to the discriminations of technical refinemenit, it would seem that no doubt could be entertained as to the interest devised to Gilmer. The plain, ordinary 'import of the words would convey the idea of an absolute disposition of every article of property dis-
posed of by the will. That words of inheritance arq necessary to convey a fee, is certainly a good general rule of the 6ommon law; but, in the case of wills, it is
entirely subordinate to expressions of the testator's in.
tention.

In the case before us, there is no necessity for extending the decision of the court beyood the words made use of in disposing of the Marrowbone tract. But it is contended, that the words adopted by the testator, in devising the two other tracts, are used in the same sense
as those in the first devising clause, and being of at

FEBRUARY, 1805.

129

more restricted signification, ought to limit the word estate.to - description of the mere locality. I think otherwise. When a word is made, use of to which a clear legal signification has been attached by successive adjudications, it ought rather, in my estimation, to con. troul the meaning of those of a more equivocal purport. But the construction of a will ought to depend much more upon the evident intent of the testator, than upon the strict import of any term that he may make use of. Too critical an "examination of the diction of a will is rather calculated.to mislead the court, than to conduct it to a just conclusion.

LAMSZrT'S PAz .

I infer the intent of the testator, in the case before us, from the following circumstances, extracted from the special verdict.

1. In the first cliuse of the will of 1782, the testator makes use of the expression " althe estate both real and personal which I possess or am entitled to in the commonwealth of Virginia," evidently under an impression that the word estate is sufficient to convey a fee ; because, out of the estate, thus devised to his trus-
tees, he instructs them to convey to his brother, or ne# phew, in the alternative stated, a good and indefeasible title in fee simple,

2, There is no reason to infer, from any thing in this

ease, that the testator intended only to make a partial

disposition of his property; that he intended to die intestate as to any part of it. The fair presumption

generally is, that he who enters upon making a will, in-

tends to make a full distribution of every thing that he possesses. That such was the particular intention of

this testator, I think fairly inferible from the general nature of the residuary bequest. The word other, in

my opinion, is referible to the whole preceding iart of the will, and excludes, as well the lands devised to Gil-

mer, as the negroes and horses which he directs to be sold. We must give itthis construction, or else suppose, either that the word property, here used, is confined

to personalty, -or, that it includes every thing that he

possessed, both real and personal; in which latter case it would comprise even the lands previously disposed

Vol. Ill

.

130

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAmiEILT's LESS.E
V. PAItt.
\in

of. It follows, therefore, that in the clause in which
he proposes to dispose of the whole residpe of his pro.
perty, he omits making any disposition of any interest
the lands in question ; evidently, as it irhpresses me,
upon the supposition that he had already disposed of his whole interest in them. What object could the tea'tator propose to himself by dying intestate as to the remainder, in fee, in the lands in question? He kneW that his heir at law was an alien, aid, as such, incapable of holding lands under a government to which he did not owe allegiance. This circumstance is evident from the will of 1782 ; and it is equally evident, from the same will, that he felt that repugnance, which is common to all men, at the idea of suffering his lands to escheat, and knew the means of preventing it.

I am, therefore,'of opinion, upon the first point, that George Gilmer took a fee in the land, which is the subject of this suit ;, apd this opinion disposes, also of the second point, and renders it unnecessary for me to consider the third.
WASHINGTON, J'." The only question in this cause
which I mean to consider is, whether the will of George Harmer, made in 1786, -passes to George Gilmer an estate in fee, or for life in the Marrowbone land. The words of the clause containing the bequest are, "I give to'Doctor George Gilmer, of Albemarle county, all the estate called .Marrowbone, lying in Henry county, containing, byestimation, 2,585 acres, and likewise, one other tract called Horse-pasture, containing, by estimation, 2,500 acres ; also one other tract containing, by estimation, 667 1-2 acres, called Poison-field.

The rule of law most certainly is, that where, in a devise
of real estate, there are no words of limitation superadded to the general words of bequest; nothing passes but an estate for life ; but since, in most cases, this rule goes to defeat the probable intention of the testator, who, in general, is unacquainted with technical phrases, and is presumed to mean a disposition of his whole interest, unless he uses words of limitation, courts, to effectuate this intention, will lay hold of general expressions in the will, which, ,from their legal import, comprehend the whole interest

FEBRUARY, 1805.

131

of the testator in the thiing devised. But if other words-be used, restraining the meaning of the general expressions, so as to render it doubtful whether the testator intended to pass his whole interest or not, the rule of law which favours the right of the heir must prevail. Thus, it has been determined, that the words "all my esfate at or in such a place," unless limited and restrained by other words, may be resorted to as evidence of an intention to pass, not only the land itself, but also, the interest which the testator had in it. But words which import nothing more than a specification of the thing devised, as "1all my lands," "all my -farms,". and the like, have never been construed to pass more than an estate for life, even when
aided by an introductory clause, idcaring an intention to ditpose of all his estate. Except for the establishment of general principles, very little aid can be procured from adjudged cases in thq construction of wills. ht ldom happens that two cases can be found precisely alike, and in
the present instance, I do not recollect that a single.one was read at the bar which bears an analogy to it. TNie case of Wilson and Robinson, which comes the nearest to it, is
of doubtful authority. No reasons are given by the court for their opinion, and, consequently, it is impossible to 'ofkn.thoewwhweitlhl.er lbitbwetassoonrv*.as not influenced by other parts
Beckwith was decided upon a
manifest intent to pass the inheritance arising out of the different parts of the will taken together, amongst which is to be found an introductory clause which, the chancel-
lor says, -affords evidence that the testator had in view his whole estate. The cases of the Countess of Bridgewater v. the Duke of Bolton, and Bailis v. Gale, only lay down the general principle which is not denied, that the word "estate"in a will, standing alone, and unqualified by other
words, is sufficient to pass the whole of the testator's in-
terest. The words "all my land and estate," in the case of Barru and Edgeworth express so plainly an intention to give a fee, that I only wonder'a question could have been made of it. They are quite as strong as if the testator had given the land, and all his interest in the land, where the word estate or interest, unless construed, as
was done in that case, would have been perfectly nugatory. In Goodwin v. Goodwin, the chancellor doubted whether the word estate was not so limited and restrained by strong words of locality and description as to deprive it of the interpretation generally given to it.

LA&Euus LESZE
PA1.*S.

SUPREME COURT 'U. S.

,LAUBERT'S In the case now under consideration, there is no intro;ESSEE ductury clause declaratory of an intention ih the testator

P~AJI.
y

to dispose of the whole of his estate ; yet, I admit, that
if he had devised all his estate called Marrowbone, without using other words calculated to limit the technical
meaning of the word estate, the cases cited by the defendants counsel would establish, beyond a doubt, that a fee passed. But I cannot read this clause of thvwilU without feeling satisfied that the testator did not mean to use
the word estate in its technical sense. For he not only varies the description of the tracts of land called Horsepastureand Poison-fleld, so as to show that, with respect
to them, he only meant to describe their situation and quantity ; but, by using the word "other," it is plain, that with respect to the Mfarrowbone estate, his design wis the same. Unless, in the disposition of this latter estate, he had described, or intended to describe it as so .muchland,he could not, with any propriety, speak of the Hbrse-pastureestate as another tract of land. It will haidly be said that the devise of the last tracts pass more
ihan an eitate for life, unless the word 'estate,before used, can be transferred to those tracts, so as to impart to the expressions there used, the technical meaning given to the
word estate where it stands alone. But I cannot perceive how this is to be done without supplying words not used
by the testator, and which' there is no necessity for doing in order to make sense of the clause as it stands. It would, .Ithink, be going too far to supply more than is necessary to make each deise a complete sentence, and then to in. troduce the preposition", in" for the purpose of making
sense of the: whole. Yet, if this be not done, the word estate cannot, in respect to the Horse-pasture and Poison-feld tracts, be pressed into the service, 'and made in any manner to fit the sentence.

If only an estate for life in the Horse-pasture and
Poison-feld tracts passed to George Gilmer, it ,will, I think, be very difficult to maintain, that the word estate,
in the same sentence, governed by the same verb, and doupled with the words which describe those tracts of lAnd, can be construed to pass a fee.

The testator certainly uses the words estate and tract of land, as synonimous expressions; and then the question will be, whether the generality of the first shall en-

FEBRUARY, 18o5.

large the plain and usual import of the latter 'words, or the -latter restrain the technical meaning of the former? I know of no case where the word estate is used at all, in which its general import is limited and restrained by so many and such strong expressions descriptive of the
land, and totally inapplicable to the interest of the testator, as in. the present. The words, the estate called Mfarrowbone lying in Henry county, containing, by estimation, so many -acres, excite, at first, no other ideas than such as respect the naine and situation of the land, with the number of acres contained in it. The description would be equally accurate, whether the interest of the testator'were a fee, or a term for years.

LA.unT%
LESSSE
PA,!S.

If, then, we are to search after and to effectuate the in-
tentions of men supposed to be unacquainted with legal phrases, qnd are, on that account, t? construe the words they use with indulgence, I think we shall be more likely to fulfil this 'duty by limiting the general import of a
technical -word, which, in its common use, is. entirely equivocal, and is rendered particularly ambiguous in this case by the words which immediately attend it, than by
giving to the words tractof land,a meaning which they do not, inthemselves, import, and are seldom, if ever,
used to express more .thana local description of the thing
itself.

As the opinion of a majority of the court is in favour of the defendant upon the construction of the will, I do not think it necessary to say any thing upon the doctrine of alienage,'as that question may possibly come on in some other case, in which it must be decided.

PATERSON, J. The devise in the will of George Harmer, was intended to convey some interest in the
1fariowbone farm to George Gilmer; and the quantity of interest, whether for life or in fee, is the question now -to be considered. It is a fundamental maxim, upon which the construction of every will must depend, that the intention of the testator, as disclosed by the will, shall be fully and punctually carried into effect, if it be not in contradiction to some established rule of law. In
such case, the intention must yield to the rule. This intendon is to be collected from the instrument itself, and not from extrinsic circumstances; and, therefore, the

134

SUPREME COURT U. S.

L A'uBRT'S
L'ZSVS..
PAINE.

will ofA can afford little or no aid in discovering the in. tention and expounding the Will of B. Indeed, the num-
ber of cases which are usually cited in arguments on deSvises, tend to obscure rather than to illuminate. When, however, a particular expression in a will has received a
definite meaning, by express adjuaicatiorils, such definite meaning must be adhered to, for the sake of uniformity of decision, and of security in the disposal of landed property. It cannot be questioned, that the word "estate" will carry -every thing, both the land and the interest in it, unless it be restrained by particular expressions ; for
estate is genus generalissimuni, and comprehends both the land and the inheritance. 1 Salk. 236. 6 Nod. 106. Pr.Ch. 264. 2 P. 1. 524. Ca. Tem. Talbot, 157. 1 Vez. 226. 2 Vez. 179. 3 Atk.486. 5 Bur. 2638. 1 Trrin
Rep. 411. The word " estate" is the most general, significant, and operative, that can be used in a w.ll, and, according to all the cases, may embrace every degree and species of interest. If the word "1estate" stand by itself, as if a man devise "all his estate to A," it carries a fee from its established and legal import and operation. Standing thus per se, it marks thl intention of the testator, pabses the inheritance to theldevisee, and controuls
the rule in favour of the heir at law. It is true, that this word, when coupled with things that are personal only, shall be restrained to the personalty. Noscitur a sociis. The word " estate" may also, from the partiqular phraseology, connected with the apparent intent of the testator,
assume a local form and habitation, so as to limit its sense to the land itself. Here uncommon particularity of description is requisite, so as to leave the mind perfectly satisfied,-that the thing only was in contemplation, and nothing more. A description merely local cannot be ex-
tended beyond locality, without departing from the obvious import of the words ; and thus making, instead of construing the will of the testator. But when no words ard made use of to manifest the intention of the testator
that the term "estate" should be taken, not in a general, but in a limited signification, then it will pass a'fee ; because the law declares, that it designates and comprehends both'the subject and the interest. Nay, such is the legal iinport and operation of the word " estate," that it carries a fee, even when expressions of locality are annexed. To illustrate this position by apposite and ad-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

,judged cases : If a man, in his will, says, "I give all my estate in A," it has been held, that the whole of the testator's interest in such particular lands passed to the devisee; though no words of limitation are added. 2 P. VilL. 5-24.
So the word "estate" was held to carry a fee, though it denoted locality, " as my estate at Kirby-Hall." 2 Atk. 37. Tuffnel v. Page. S. C. Barn. Cha. R. 9. On which Lord Llardwicke observed, that though this is a locality,
yet the question is, whether it is such a locality as is sufficient to show the testator's intention merely to be to convev the lands themselves, and not the interest in them.
H e was of opinion, that the words were descriptive both of the local situation, and the quantity of interest. And in Ibbetson v. Beckwith, Lord Talbot observed, that the word " estate," in its proper, legal sense, means the inheritan46e, and carries a fee. Why, indeed, may not locality and interest be conne.cted, and the same words express and convey both ? To exclude interest in the sub-
ject, the expressions coupled with the word " estate" must be so restrictive and local in their nature, as to convey solely the idea of locality, and not to comprehend the quantum of interest, without doing violence to the words and intention of the testator. Besides, it is a just remark, repeatedly made.by Lord Hardwicke and Lord
M-nsfleld, that where a general devise of land is narrowed down to an estate for life, the intention of the testator is commonly defeated, because people do not distinguish
between real and personal property; and,'indeed, "common sense would never teach a man the difference ; and therefore, judges have endeavoured to make the word "1estate," in a will, amount to a devise of the whole interest, unless unequiv6cal anid strong expressions are added to restrict its general signification. It would be a laborious and useless task, to enter into a minute and critical investigation of th*e great variety of cases which bear on
this subject. They are collected in a note by the editor of
WzIles' Reports, :296.

L.uar's
LEVS.SEE
PA;E.

From the whole scope and complexion of the will of George Harmer, it is evident to-my mind, that the tista-
tor intended to dispose of all his property, both with regard to the_quantity and 'quality thereof. He did not
mean to die intestate as to any part ofhis estate ; but, on the contrary, it was his manifest intention to leave nothing undisposed of by-his will. He directs that all his negroes,

136

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LAxBERT's LESVS.EZ
PAU .

horses, and other property bh sold, &c. which plainly indicates what his intention was in regard to ihe lands
which he had previously devised. This last clause Sevinces and illustrates the meaning of the testator, and removes every particle of doubt from my mind, as to the true construction which ought to be put on the word " estate." . To effectutte this intention, the term " es-
tate" is to be taken in its largest signification, as comprehending, both the subject and the interest, the land and the inheritance.

Amidst the great mass of cases arising on wills, it is impossible to select any two, that are exactly simi-
lar. The variety of expressions is infinite ; and it ig
from the language, that we are to discover the intent.
The same wbrd, indeed, may be taken in a different sense in different wills, and even in different parts of
the same will, owing to its juxtaposition, its associations, and the manner in which it is placed and used. The case of Bailis v. Gale, in 2 Pez. 48, may serve to elucidate the'devise under review, in more points thart one. " I give to my son, Charles Gale, all that estate I bought of Mead, after the death of my Wife." These expressions seem strongly to mark locality in contra-
distinction' to interest. But, what says my Lord Hardwicke P " I am of opinion, that. both the thing itself, and the estate, property, and interest the testator htdd, pass by the devise. Several questions have arisen In courts, of law and equity on devises of this kind ; but, all the latter determinations have exterided and leaned as much as possible to make words of this kind comprehend, not 'only the thing given, but the estate and interest the testator had therein. But, it is objected, the pronoun " my" is not added ; there was no oc-
casion for it. It was necessary he should use 'such words as p6int out the whole interest in the land, which is sufficiently done- by the other words ; for he bought
of Mead, the land and the fee simple in the land; which is agreeable to the construction of the word estate, being sufficient to describe the thing, and the interest, as it is in the case of all my estate." So, in tfie present will, the words, " I give all the estate called Marro-wbone," contain a description of the land, and the interest in it. The case in Fez. is particu.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

137

larly applicable, and *orthy of attention in another respect, as it affords~a complete answer to the dis6 tinction, 'which was ingeniously riised, and attempted 'to be sustained between the impoit of the word "my" and," the," in devises like the present. The coun. sel for Lambert contended, that the Word' the, " - ill
-the estate," Was descriptive of the thing; whereas, th4 word Ay, " all my estate," was *descriptive of thi: interest as *wellas ' of the thing. But, in the case of
Bail'sv. -Gale,'Lord Hardwiche held, with great clearness,' that there *as no diffqrence between a devise of all my estate at N, and a devise of if the estate at
N; ajd that a fee passed in either case" " Nor ought
this'opiiion to be cohsldered as extrajudicial ; for the counsel in Bajils v. qale insisted, that the pjonoun my was necessary to make the devise carry a fee; and,
therefore, it claimed, very properly, the notice and decisi'dn of the court. According to this opinion, a devisp of the estate called Marrowbone, in the county of
Henry, must have precisely the same conetruction and, effect, as a devise of all my estate called Marrowbone, in the county of Henry; which, it-appears to me, would unquestionably give a fee.

L-_%tz*XnT
LZSSZ T.

* Some. expressions in a will, as; ".I give my farm,

my plantation, my house, my land," do, of themselves,

contairt no more than a description of the thing, and carry only an estate, for life, b.ecause unconnected

with wards of inheritance, or other words of a similar import. For we are not permitted to enlarge the estate

of a devise, imless the w6rds of the devise itself be

sufficient 'for that purpose. hi-the present devise,

the words, " all the estate called _arrowbone," are

competent to carry the degree of' interest contended

for on the part of the defendant; and this construc-

tion accords with the inteition of the testator, as dis-

closed by his. will.* Whether it would not have been

more beneficial to society to haVe observed, from the first, the same technical phraseology and strictness of

legal terms in' devises, as in conveyarices of landed property, is a question which may amuse the theo.

retical jurist; but which,-as judges, we canlot seriously discuss; for it. is a leading axiom in o'Cir system of

jurisprudence, ndt to be shaken by judicial authority;

VoL MI.

T

UZaryt-'s $.ESSEE
v4.$.

SUPRlEME COURT U. S.
.that the intent of the testator, so far as it is consistent with the principles of law, must be attended to, and
rontroul the decision. I am, therefore, of opinion, that Sthe words, ILgive to George Gilmer all the estate
called Marrowbone, in the county of Henry," give a fee, beingdescriptive equally of the quantity of interest, and locality of the thing devised,

CVsHING, J. The first question in this,case is, whether the devise to George Gilmer, in the will of George
Harmer, made in i786, carrie a fee by the words " all the estate clled Ml'arrowbone,in the county of Henry, containing, by estimation, 2,585 acres of land," &c.

Wills are expounded more favourably, to carry the intent of the testator into effect, than conveyances at common law, which take effect in the life-time of-the parties; wills beitig frequently made by people enfeebled by age or indisposition, apd without the aid of council learned in the law.. Therefore, words not so technical for the purpose, have, in a great variety of eases, for above a hundredyears, been construed by the
judges, to carry a' fee, which would not do so in a
deed.

In a number of cases, the word "estate" has been de. termined to compreheild the whole interest in the land. Amiiong those adduced, there are several which appear' to me essentially in point to the present case.
'In the case, 2 Lev. 91, (a case which has since been held, by g6od judges, to be good law) -a devise of" all my tenant-right estate, at.B. in Underbarrow,". was determined to import a fee.

I see no essential difference between that case and this ; except the particle "the" instead'of the pronoun "mmy," *'hich, in common sense, and ity tho opinion of Lord Hardwicke, makes no difference. "All. the estate" is, at le~st,,as extensive an.4 comprehensive as "all my estate."
In 2 P. Will. 523, the,words "all my lands and estate in upper Catesby, in Northamptoxshire," were adjudg..

-FEBRUARY, 1805.

139

ed to carry a fee. That agrees with the case at bar, except that the word "lands' precedes " es t ate ," which I think immaterial. "Evat" is the most operative
word.

LA sz -es
LESS5
Ps.

In the case of Bailis v. Gale, 2 Pez. 48, a devise of
"all thdt estate that I boughrt-of Mead," was determined
by Lord Hardwicke o be'of a fee. - This, I think, is substantially like the case at bar ; and by him, that
the, or my, makes no material difference. Add to thls
what seems to make the point conclusive, the testator appears to have a design to fdispose of his whole estate.

The other cases cited. do not appear to'contradict 'these; but varying in some circumstances, seem not so
directly .applicable ; yet, by the spirit and reasoning attending them, they teiod to 'oifirm the rectitude of the.
other decisiotis which are more directly in point.

The latter part of the devise in question, of several tracts of land immediately succeedingthe devise of "all the estate called Marrowbone,in the county of Henry," &c. if considered as not carrying a fee, I conceive, would not, however co ntroul or restrict the prior part of the devise of "1all the estate called Harrowbone,1 &c. Rather than that, I should suppose the former part. would carry spirit and meaning tor the latter. But that is not necessary now to be determined.
The first poifit being determined in favour of tht defendant, the former'judgme4t must be affirmcd,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1805.

HUIDEKOPER'S LESSEE v. DOUGLASS.*

THIS was a case certified from the Circuit Court of Hrxrrvo.

the United States, for the district of Pennsylvania, Li Penl'sIzssEn

which the opiniuns of the judges of that court were oppo- D

.

sed.

Under the'ace

The action was an ejectment to try the title of the of Penns)lva-

"Holland Company" to a very large tract of land ill na, Ofd

f

April, 1792,

Pennsylvania, lying north and west of the rivers Ohiofrthe sale

and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, purchased of that of the v ccne

state under the act of Assembly of the 3d of April, 1792. land., &c.the

Which act is as folows, viz.

grantee, by

warrant o&.a

tract of land,

An Act for the sale of the vacant Lands within this Com- lvingnortle

2zonwealth.

and west of the rivers

Ohio and AtWhereas, the most valuable lands within this Common- leglhny, and

wealth, included within the purchase made from the na- Cnewango

ti-e Indians in the year one thousand seven hundred . nd Cbyrvfeolr,cewthfo sixty-eight, have been taken up, located, and appropriated arnq of thc

enenles ot Prcsent, NIfarkall, Chief u tice; Cushing, Paterson, Jasthington the United

and yohnson, Justices.

StALs war

Vol, Ill,

B

SUPREME COURT U. S.

IrUDKo" for the use of divers purchasers, at prices heretofore e.cJ.R'S LFSSEE tablished by law, and those which remain unsold and tin.

V.

DoUGLASS. 'settled, being inferior in quality or situation, cannot be

, -y

. sold at the same prices: And whereas the prices fixed

prevented from settling and improving the said ra id for the s.,:ce of two year- from the dlate of his warrant,
but during, that time persisted in his endeavours
to make such settlement and improvement, is ex-
.used f'u:om

by law for other lands belonging to the commonwealth are found to be so high, as to discourage actual settlers from purchasing and improving the same:
Section 1. Be it therefore,enacted by the Senate and Houie of Representatives of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in GeneralAssembly met, and it is hereby enactedby the-authgrity of the same, That from and after the passing of this act, the price of all the vacant lands within the limits of the purchase made of the Indians in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, and all preceding purchases, excepting always such lands as hava been previously settled upon or improved, shall be reduced to the sum of fifty shillings for every hundred acres;

3niking such and the price of vacant lands, within the limits of the actual settle- purchase madeof the Indians, in the year one thousand mentas isde- seven hundred and eighty-four, and lying east of Allescribed in the ninth section ghany river and Cohewango creek, shall be rcduced to of the act, the sum of five pounds for every hundred acres thereof; and the war- and the same shall and may, be granted to any person or rsuacnhtn vegsrtasn ne .persons applying·*for the same at the price aforesaid, in

t fee-simple, the manner and form accustomed under the laws heretofurc enacted, and noi" in force.

See. II. And be it further enacted by the authority
af resaid, That fi-om and after the passing of this act, all
otner lands belonging to this commonwealth, and within the jurisdiction therLof, and la3i ing north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alheghany, and Conewango creek, excepting such parts thereof as heretofore have been, or hereafter shall be, appropriated to any public or charitable use, shall be, and are hb'reby, offered for'sale to persons
who will ciltivate, improve and settle the same, or cause the same to be cultivated, improved and settled, at and for the price of seven pounds ten shillings for every
hundred acres thereof, with an allowance of six per centum for roads and highways, to be located, surveyed, and secured to sudh purchasers, in the manner
herein after mentioned.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

Sec. III. And be it further enactedby the authorityi aforesaid, That upon the application of any person who may have settled and improved, or is desirous to settle and improve, a plantation within the limits aforesaid, -to the Secretary of the Land office, which application shall contain a.particular description of the lands applied for, there shall be granted to him a warrant for any quantity of land within the said limits, not exceeding four hundred acres, requiring the Surveyor-General to cause the same to be surveyed for the use of the grantee, his heirs and assigns, for ever, and make return thereof to the Surveyor-General's office, within the 'term of six months next following, the grantee paying the purchase money, and all the usual fees of the Landoffice.

1HrTDroWf'S
DoIGLASS.-

Sec. IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor-General shall, with the approbation of the Governor, divide the lands thus offered for sale into proper and convenient districts, in such manner as he may think expedient, so that the boundaries of each district,, either natural or artificial, may be known, and appoint one Deputy-Suveyor for each district, who shall give bond and security, as is customary with other Deputy-Surveyors in this Commonwealth, and shall reside within, or as near as possible, to his respective district ; and every stichlDeputySurveyor shall, within sixty days next after his appointment, certify to the Surveyor-General, the county, township, and place, where such 'Deputy-Surveyor shall keep his office open, for-the purpose of receiving warrants, in order that all persons who may apply for lands as aforesaid, mav be duly informed thereof; and every Deputy-Surveyor, who shall receive any such warrant, shall make fair and clear entries thereof in a book, to be provided by him for that purpose, distinguishing therein the name of the person th.rein mentioned, the quantity of land, date thereof, and the day on which such Deputy Sarveyor shall receive the same, which book shall he open at all seasonable hours to everi, applicant, who shall be entitled to copies of any entries therein, to be certified as such, and signed by the Deputy-Surveyor, the party paying -onequarter of a dollar therefor.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Hurbmco- Sec. V. Ad be it further enacted by the authority

iEa'sssv.

aforesaid, That the Deput -Survevor bhall, at the rea-

DoUGLASS.

s.inable request and pr6ptr cost and charges of the reSspective grantees, in such warrants named, proceed to
survey the lands in such warrants described, as nearly
as may be, according to the respective priorities of their warrants; provided, that they shall not, by virtue of any warrant, survey any tract of land, that may have
been actually settled and improved prior to the date of the ehtry of such warrant with'the Dputy-Surv: or of
the district, except for the owner of such settlement and improvement; and having petfected such surveys, shall entr the same in a book, to be kept by the Deputy Sairveyor, and to be called the survey-book ; and the sqme book shall'remain in his office, liable to be inspected by any ptrson whatsoever, who shall demand to see he same, upon the paytment of eleven pence for
every searkh ; and the Deputy Surveyor shall cause copies of any 'such sui vey to be made out, and delivered to any person, upon the payment of one quartLr of a
dullar for eaLh copy.

Sec. VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in making any survey by any DeputySurveyor, he shail not go out of his proper district to perform the same, and that every survey made by any Dput-Surveyor without his proper district shall be void and of non effect; and the Surveyor-General and his deputies, are hcreby severally directed and enjoined to surv~v, or cause to be surveyed, the full amount of land contained and mentioned in any warrant, in one entire tract, if the same can be found, in such manner and form, as that su.h tract shall notcontain in front on any naviga-
ble river or lake, more than one hal of the length or depth of su,h tract, ad *o conform the lines of every survey in such mannor as to form the figure or plot thereol as
nearly as circums.ance, will admit, to an oblong, whose
length shall not be greattr than twice the brtadfli thereof; and in case any stch survey should be foutnd to contain a greater quantity of land, than is nentioned in the warrant on whibh it shall be made, so that such excess be not
"more.than one-tenth of the number of acres mentioned, in such warrant, besides the usual ail6wance lor roads and highivaN s, the letum thereof shall, neverthelc~s, bc

FEBRUARY, 1805.

-admitted, under the warrant, provided the party procur-
ing such return to be made, shall forthwith pay to the
Receiver-General of the Land office, the price or value of such excess or ov-rplus land; at the same rate at which he paid for the land mentior.ea in the warrant.

Ifznmro. P5I ' LESSEE DouCLAS.

Sec. VII.- And be itfurthercnacted by the authority aforesaid, That ever" Deputy -Surveyor to be appoiited by virtue of this act shall, within the month of February
in the next year, make and reiurn into the office of the Surveyor-General, plots ot every survey which he shll
have made in pursuance of any warrant, connected together in one general draft, so far as they may be conti-
guous to each other' with the courses and distances of each line, the quantity of land contained in each survey,
and the name of the person for whom thh same was surveyed; and every succeding year he shall make a like return of the surveys made in the year preceding.

Sec. VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,That the Deputy-Surveyor of the proper district shall, upon the application of any person who has made an actual settlement and improvement -on lands, lying north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, and, upon such person paying the legal fees, survey and mark out the lines of the tract of' land to which such person ma, by conforming to the provisions of this act, become entitled by virtue of such settlement and improvement: .Pravided,That he shall notsurvey more than four hundred acres for suchperson, and shall, in making such survey, conform himself to all the other regulations by this act prescribed.
Sec. IX. And be it further enactedby the authority aforesaid, 'That no warrant or survey, to be ipsued or made in pursuaice"of this'act, for lanls lying north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghan , and Conewango creek, shall vest any title in or to the. lands therein mentioned, unless the graintee has; prior to the date of such warrant, made, or caused to be made, or hall, within the space of two years next after the date of the same, mak-e, or'cause to be made, an actual settlement thereon, by clearing, fencing and cultivating, at least two acrts for every hundred acres contained in one survey, erecting thereon a minesuage ior the habitation ot man, and

SUPREME COURT U. S.

II'IDEKo- residing, or causing a family to reside thereon, for the rpseLEsFE space of five years riext folloming his first settling of the

DOUGLASS.
Sof

same, if he or she sh,ll so long live; and that in default such actual settlement and residence, it shall and may
be law'ul to and for this Commonwealth to issue new
warrants to other actual settlers for the said lands, or any part thereof, reciting the origiiial warrants, and that ac-
tual settlements and residence have not been made in pursuance 'thereof, and so often as defaults shill be
made, for the time and in the manner aforesaid, which new grants shall he under -and subject to all and every the regulations contained in this act. Providedalways, nevertheless, That if any such actual settletr," or any grantee, in
any such original or succeeding warrant, shall, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, be prevented from making uch actual settlement, or be driven
therefrom, and shall persist in his endeavours to mnker
such actual settlement as aforesaid, then, in either case, he and his heirs shall be entitled to have and to hold the said lands, in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued.

Sec. X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lands actually settled and improved according to the provisions of this act, to whoses6ever possession they may descend or come, shall be and remain liable and chargeable for the payment of the consideration or purchase money at the rate aforesaid, for every
hundred acres, and the interest thereon accruing from the dates of such improvements ; and if such actufl settler, not being hindered as aforesaid, by, 'death, or the enemies of the United States, shall neglect to apply for a war-
rant for the space of ten years after the time of passing this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for this .Comnmonweblth to grant the same lands, or any part' thereof, t6 other, 'by warrants, reciting such defaults i and the grantees, complying with the regulations ofthis act, shall. have, hold and enjoy, the same to them, their heirs and assigns; but no warrant shall be issued in pursuance of this act, until the purchase money shall be paid to the Receiver-Gbeneral 6f the Land-Office.

Sec.' XI. And be itfurther enacted by the'auithority hforesaid, That when'any caveat is determined by the

FPBRUARY, 1805.

Board of Property, in manner .heretofore used in this Commonwealth, the patent shall, nevertheless, be stayed for the term ofsix months, within which time, the party against whom the determination of the Board is, may enter his suit at common law, but hot afterwards ; and the party, in whose favour the d'etermination ofthe Board is, shall be deemed and taken to be in possession, to all the intents and purposes ot trying the title, although the other party should be in actual possession, which supposed possession, shall, ne-'ertheless, have no effect upon the title; at the end of vhich term of six months aforesaid, if no suit is entered a patent shall issue according to the determination of the Board, upon the applicant producing a certificate of the Prothonotary of the proper county that no suit is commenced, or if a suit is, entered, a patent shall, at the determination of such suit, issue, in common form, to that party inwhom the title is found by law; and in both cases, the patent shall be and- remain ;a full and perfect title to the lands against all parties and privies to the said caveat or suit ; saving, nevertheless, to infants, femes coverts, persons beyond sea, non corn, potes mentes, and others, under disabilities, their re-
spective rights, until twelve months after such disabilities
are removed.

tHuzDrIr Eft'S LESSE
DoUGLASS.

Sec. XII. And be it further enactedby the authority aforesaid, That no direct taxes shall be levied, assessed, or collected, for the use of-this Commonwealth, upon or from any of the lands or tenements lying north or
est of the purchase made of the Indians, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight, or'the personai estate found thereupon, for the full space or term of tea years,. from and after the passing of this act.

Sec. XIII. 4nd be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the following tracts ;of land shall be reserved for the use of the Commonwealth, that is to say, at Presqu'isle, formed by Lake Erie, the island or peninsula which forms the harbour, and a tract extending eight -niiles along. thi shore of the lake, and three miles in breadth, so as to include the tri.ct already stirveyed,,.by -virtue of a iesolution of the General Assembly, and the
whole of the 'harbour formed by the said 'Presqu'isle, at teq. mouth, of H[arbour creek, which empties' into the

8

SUPfREME COURT U. S,

HutnEKo-
PZR'S LKSEr
V.
]DOUGOLASS.

Lake Erie, an-l along the shore of the lake, on both sideb of said creek, two thousand said acres.
,S.'e' c. XIV. And be iftrtherenacted by the authorityf aforesaid, l'hat all the luds within the triangle on Lake Erie, purchased from the United States, shall be taktn and deemed, anl they are hereby declared to be, within the limits of the .ounty of Alleghany.

Sec. XV. And6e it further enacted by the atthority" aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the holder or holders of any unsatisfied warrant and warrants, h.-retofore issued for linds, agreeably to the seventh section of the act, entitled, - An Act to alter and amend an Act of Assem~bly, entitled, " An Act fbr opening tho Latnd-Offi e, for gran'ting and dsposing o'f the unappropriated lands within this State," passed on the twentyfirst day of December, in the year one thousand seven .hundred and eighv-four, to locate the quantity of land for which su.h unsatisfie:d warrant and warrants was and were granted, in any districtof vacant and unappropriated land within this Commonweal.h; provided the owner or owners of such uvsatisfied warrants shall be under the same regulations and restrictions, as other oi,'ners of warrants taken for lands 1%ing north and west of the Alleghany river and Conewango creek, are made subject by this act, the said recited act, or any other act or acts of the G-neraf Assembly, to the contrary thetreof in anywise notwithstanding.
WILLIAM BINGHAM, Sipeaker of the Iruse of Refresentativea.
SAMUEL POWELL, Sheaker of the Senate.
.At.'oed, Xtril 3d, 1792.
THOMAS MIFFLIN, Governorof the Commonwealth of Pewnaylvania.
The points upon which. the opinions of the Judges of the court below were opposed, were certified to be as follows, viz.
1. Whether, under the act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, passed on the third day of April, one thousantl

FEBRUARY, 1805.

seven hundred and ninety-two, entitled, "An act for the sale of the vacant lands wiihin this commonwealth," the grantee, by warrant of a tract of land lying north and west
of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, who, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, was prevented from settling and improving the said land,
and from residing thereon from the tenth day of April, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, the date of
the said warrant, until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and uinety-six, but who, during the
said period, persisted in his endeavours to make such settlement and residence, is excused from making such ac-
.tual settlement, as the enacting clause of the ninth section of the said law prescribes, to vest a title in the said grantee.

HurD-o-
E sLZ5,1
flouG^ss.

2. Whether a warrant, for a tract of land lying north
and west. of the rivers Ohio mnd Alleghany, and Conewango creek, granted in the year one thousand seven
hundred and ninety-three, under and by virtue of the act of the legislature of Pennsvlvania, entitled, "1An act for the'sale of the vacant lands within this commonwealth,"
to a person who, by force of arms of the enemies of the
United States, was prevented from settling and improving the said land, and from residing thereon from the
date of the said warrant until the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, but who, du-
ring the said period, persisted in his endeavours to make such settlement and residence, vests any, and if any, what title in or-to the said land, unless the said grantee shall, after the said prevention ceases, commence, and within the space of two years thereafter, clear, fence and cultivate at least two acres for evefy hundred aqres contained in his said survey, erect thereon a messuage for the habitation of man, and reside, or cause a family to reside thereon, for the space of five years next followving his first settling the same, the said grantee being yet in full life.

3d. Whether a grantee in such a warrant as aforesaid,
who has failed to make such settlement as the enacting clause of the said ninth section requires, and who is not wihin the benefit of the proviso, has thereby forfeited his right and title to said land, until the cotnnionweah has

Vol. HM.

C

10

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

H xbzrKo-
*ER'S VL.ZSSE]
DOUGLASS.

taken advantage of the said forfeiture, so as to prevent the said grantee from recovering the possession of said land in ejectm-nt against a person who at any time after
two years from the time the prevention ceased, or at any subsequent period, has settled and improved the said land, and has ever since been in possession of the same.

Dallas, for the plaintiff, contended for three general propositions.

1. That a warrantee (meaning thereby a person claiming under'a warrant from the commonwealth) who has been prevented by force of arms of the enemies of the
United States, from improving, settling-and residingon the land, but h-as persisted in his endeavours to do so, during two years from the date of his wariant, is forever and totdly released, by the operation of the proviso, from the obligation of making the improvement, settlement and residence described in the enacting clause of the 9th section of the law.

2. If not forever and totally excused under the speci-
fied circumstances, yet the warrabt vests in such warrantee and his heirs, a title to the land under one of three aspects-1 st. Provided, during and for a reasonable time after the period of prevention, he persists in his endeav-)urs to accomplish an improvement, settlement and
residence, although his endeavours shotld not be suc. cessful-2d. Provide d he accomplishes the settlement and improvement within two years, and the residence
within five years, after the prevention by hostilities ceased. 3d. Provided he has accomplished the iii. pro- ement, settlement and residence, at any time before ihe cormonwealth has taken advantage of the for. feiture.

3. The inceptive title of the warrantee gives a right of possession which can only be defeated by an act of the coin nonwealth, taking advantage of a forfeiture for non-compliance with the terms of the grant.

I. Point.
In order to understand the act of 1792, it will be necessary to take a view of the situation of the State of

-FEBRUARY, 1805.

11

Pennsylvania at that period. Her finances were embarrassed, and an Indian war existed on her fronticr.s. Hence she had two great objects in view-tfle protection of those frontiers and the accession of wealth to her treasury. To accomplish the first, no means wire so
sure as to establish on the frontiers a.firm, hardy, and vigilant population, bound by their dearest interests to
watch and repel the predatory incursions of the Indians. And to attain the second, no means presented them-. selvs so obviously as the sale of the vacant lands.

lux-ri:o. PEH'S LV.ESbZ
Dot GLASS.

Although the war was raging at the time when the act passed, yet negotiations were pending, and peace was expected.

The general provisions of the act, therefore, especially those which relate to settlement and residence, are predicated upon a state of peace, while the legislature aLso took care to provide for a state of war.

The extent of that provision is the principal subject of litigation.

Without resorting to the words, but considering the law as a contract, what are the motives ana ideas whili may be reasonably ascribed to the parties?

1st. As to the state.

1. The settlement might be prevented by two means; public calamity, or negligence in the grantee. For the one, it was just that the State should, answer; for the other, the grantee. 2. It was unreasonable for the
State to require the same from him who should be prevented, as from him who should not be prevented from making a settlement. A mere enlargement of time diminishes, but does not obviate the objection. It does not put both on an equal footing. The man who has
spent years in fighting and toiling to obtain a settlement, is still to do just as much as the man who has staid at home by his fire-side till war is over, and. then purchases iis warrant. I hc former has no credit for his toil and wounds. This construction is evidently contrary to the spirit of the act, which was to

12

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

U1rtnio- gain hardy adventurers,.vho should join their exertions ER'S LESSEE to those of Tat State and of the United States, to sub-
D)OUGLASS. due the Indians ; for it totally destroys all motive for
~ such exertions. The State, therefore, might say, and,
without doubt, meant to say to the war-warrantee, that a persistance in the endeavour to settle, during the period prescribed, shall be accepted in lieu of actual settle-' ment. That the man who has actually accomplished the "settementand residence in time of peace, and he who shall have persisted in his endeavours to settle and reside for the stipulated time, during a state of war, but who Iris been prevented by the enemy from accomplishing his settle ment-and residence, are equally meritorious, and shall be put on the same footing.

2d. As to the warrantee.

Would he purchase during the war, if he was liable
to forfeit his warrant althoiigh he persists during the limited time, and if all his expenses and dangers were to go for nothing, and if at the end of the war he would
be in the same situation as if he had remained at home ?

The situation of the State, then, called for money, population and improvement. The means were a sale of the land, subject to s'ttlement, if not prevented by a public calamity;
The words and spirit of the act are conformable to
these ideas.

The title is, for the sale of vacant lands.

The preamble states, that the prices at which they have been-heretofore held were found so high as to discourage actual settlers from purchasing and improving.

The second and thitd'sectioxns contain the offer ofthe lands for sale, and the ninth describes the terms.

On this overture, conpan'ies and individuals became purchasers. Among the rest, the H1plland Company, in April, 1792, and August, 1793, purchased 1162 tracts of 400 acres eich, which, by losses upon re-surveys,

FEBRUARY, 1805.

and bounties to actual settlers, are reduced to 776 tracts, which have.cost the.company 222,071 dollars and 10 cents for purchase money, and (up to the year 1802) 202,000 dollars in expenses, endeavours to settle, and actual improvements. The Population Conmpany also expended nearly the same amount. The consequence was, that the public treasury was supplied ; a bank was established, which furnishes revenues adequate to the whole expenses of the government, so that no taxes have been since imposed; industry and improvements have been stimulated, and the State has advanced rapidly in wealth and prosperity.

1{ciTzro-
rMn'SLESSEZ
DorV.LASS.

The'persistance and prevention of the Holland Company are admitted.

The treaty made with the Indians in 1795, is considered as the epoch from which the two and the five years mentioned in the ninth section begin to run. But there was still further prevention by distance, by the season, (for the treaty was ratified in the winter) by intruders, (who were pushing in upon the lands under pretence that the warrants were forfeited by want of settlement within the two years) and by the construction of the act given by the Board of Property.

How then are the terms of the contract to be ex. pounded? Not by the words, (for they are inconclusive and repugnant) but by the nature of the transac. tion.

By the thirdsectior, a fee simple is granted ; but the ninth section annexes a condition precedent. The warrant shall not vest any title unless," &c.

The nature of the transaction, however, gives a possessory title, and an usufructuary property, at least for the two and the five years, else the warrantee could not go and make a settlement. It is always spoken of in the act as a grant. It rvay be devised, sold, descend, be taken in execution, &c. By the 9th section, what is given can only be divested by default. The whole es. tate does not remain in the grantor until pcrformance
of the condition.

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

HVsnziKO- But the settlement and residence for the time men.

PR'S LESSEE V.

tioned

is

not a

sine qua non

to vest an absolute

title.

DOUGLASS. There are cases within the ninth section, in which the

\ew-y.%q.

title becomes absolute, altnough the'residence shall not
have been completed.' The words ofthe act ae, "reside thereon for the space of five years next following his first settling of the same, if he shall so long live." If the warrantee, having begun his settlemeit, should die before the expiration el the five years, his title is complete. So if he puts a family on the land to reside, and dies before the end of the term, and the family quits its residence before the expiration of the five years, the title is absolute. So if an actual settler shall by force
of arms of the enemies of the United States be driven from his, settlement. And so, (as we say) " if any grantee" " shall" by like force "be prevented from making an actual settlement," "1and shall persist ir his endeavours to make such actual settlement," during the time allowed for making the same. that is for two years, " he and his heirs shall be entitled to have and to hold
the said lands, in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued." In each of these cases the condition is released. If the legislature mieant any thing less, words were not wanting in~which to express their ideas, and here was an opportunity of using them.

The particular words of the proviso are importantG

" If any grantee shall be prevented." This implies
an attempt and failure. "And shallpersist," implying still the want of success. "In his endeavours'still holding up the idea that the thing is not accoiiplished" to make," not'untilhe male, not persist to make, but persist in his endeavotirsto male, implying a continued attempt, not a performance. "Shall be entitled to have and to hold, in the same manner as if" Here the words asif, necessarily imply that the thing itself is not done. The first part of the section gives the lands, if the thing is done, but the proviso also gives it, in a certain case, if it be not done, in the same manner as if it bad been done. They who contend that the persistance must continue until the object is accomplished, make the legislature speak this abburd language-Persist until

FEBRUARY, 180.

the settlementhasbeen made, andyoushall have the land in the same manner as if the settlement had been made.
But we make them speak much more rationally-If you are prevented by the enemy from makingthe settlement, but persist in your endeavours for two years, you shall have the land in the same manner as if the settlement had been made. We will take your endeavours for success. If settlement and residence were necessary in all cases, the proviso is useless. If the legislature meant by the proviso only to extend the time, they have been very unfortunate in their language, for there is no expression which indicates such an idea, and it is contradicted by the preceding part of the section, by
which the commonwealth reserve the right to grant new warrants as often as defaults shall be madefor the,
time and in the manner aforesaid. No time is expressed in the act but the two and the five years. If the time is to be enlarged, who shall say how long ? There is no provision for trying by a jury the question, what is a reasonable time.

Hoxnzuo. PrLn'sLssz:
D.nCL....

Theact contemplates but two cases. An actual settlement within the time, or a prevention during the time by the act of God, or of the public enemy.

Inboth cases.the title was to be absolute.

The same reason that releases the warrantee who dies, applies more strongly to the warrantee prevented by the enemy, and the tenth section puts them both on the same footing.

Let us consider what is required by the ninth section, and what is relinquished by the proviso.

It requires, within two years, a settlenient, by clearing two acres for every hundred, by erecting a habitation, and by residing five years.

Here is evidently a confusion of terms, by requiring a settlement consisting of five years' residence, tp be accomplished in two years.

16

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

lIULDEKoTER'S LESSEE
V.
DoUGLAss.

There are also other absurdities in the same section, equally glaring. Thus it is declared that in default of
such actual settlement, the commonwealth may issue new warrants to other actual settlers ; and that if such actual settler shall be prevented from making such actual settlement, he shall be entitled in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made.

2. What is relinquished.
The condition of residence is released by the death of the warrantee, and prevention releases both residence and settlement.
The enacting part of the section may be considered as a covenant to settle ; and the proviso as a covenant to convey in case of prevention.

11. Point.

If persistance for two years does not forever and totally release the condition of settlement, yet the warrant vests a title under one of three aspects.

ist. Provided, duringand for a reasonable time after the period of prevention, he persists in his endeavours to accomplish an improvement, settlement and residence, although his endeavours should not be suc-
cessful.

To suppose the title to be forfeited, although an accomplishment of the condition has been prevented by
the enemy, is to make the proviso of no use whatever.

But giving a use to the proviso, and supposing it to mean an extension of time, every thing is at sea. Every
case would have a diff-rent rule, and decisions would varywith every jury. No case could be decided without alaw suit.

But if you allow the warrantee to gain a title by per-
sisting during the war, and for a reasonable time after, although without success,.you render the law intelligi-
ble, and give effcct to every part.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

This construction comports with the peculiar expres- H YrDEo-

sions of the act, and is justified by the nature and equity PEr's VLoEssEE

of the case.

DOUGLASS.

End' avours during war would be more expensive than
success in a time of peace, and equally beneficial to the State. By this means also you put the war-warrantee itnd the peace-warrantee upon an equal footing.

But the legislature fixed a positive period, and left nothing to discretion.

Who shall change the nature of the contract? Who
give discretion to courts and juries? Who substitute endeavour for performance, ii reference to any other time than the legislature contemplated ?

2d. The second aspect is, provided he persists after the war, and accomplishes the improvement in two years, and continues the residence for five years from the cessation of the prevention.

This is what is contended for on the other side, but. this is not the express contract which fixes the time, as well as the acts which are to.be done.
It is not a contract which can be implied ; for an undertaking to act in two years from the date of the warrant, does not imply an undertaking to act in two years after a war, which may be fifty years from the date of the warrant.
The proviso contemplates no new act, no new epoch, but under the specified circumstances gives a title as if the act had been done in the time prescribed.
This construction would make the proviso a mere mockery. It would place the warrantee, who had tbiled through the dangers of the war, at a heavy expensein no hetter situation than if he had used no exertions at all.

3d. The third aspect is, provided lie persists during

and after the war, and perform the conditions at any

Vol. 11.

1)

SUPREME COURT U. S.
HulKo- time before the commonwealth takes advantage of the *ER'S LESSEE forfeiture.
V. DOUGLA SS.
~ This regards the case as a condition subsequent, the estate continuing after the contingency, until the grantor enters and claims. But this is contrary to the words, which call for en-
deavours, not performance.
This construction destroys all limitation of time.
U~pon the whole, there is no clear, safe, equitable and satisfactory construction, but that whi(h supposes the condition to be released by the impossibility of performance within the time prescribed;
III. Point.
The inceptive title of the warrantee gives a right of possession which can only be defeated by an act of the State.
All forfeitures are to be construed strictly. And where compensation can be made, they are never enforced in equity.
The forfeiture claimed is entitled to no favour. The contract itself was ambiguous, and rendered more so by official misinterpretatio is.
The price has been paid. 'Time, labour and money have been expended in improvements, and attempts to stttle. The prevention has been by a public calamity, not by private negligence.-
The operation of the 'forfeiture is dishonourable to the State. She seizes the lands with all their amnlioiation, to sell them again to a stranger.
Even the State herself, therefore, ought not- to be countenanced in taking advantage of the fo rfeiture.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

But what pretext can justify a stranger in intruding upon the possession of the warrantee ?
This is the case of a trespasser who thrusts himself in upon the land, pretending that the warrantee has forfeited his title.

Huszmno.
PEE'S LESSEX
DOUGLASS.

Is every person, who chooses to intrude, to be the judge Whether the possessor has forfeited his title ? This would encourage forcible entries and riots,; riot would grow to rebellion. The peace of the commonwealth is at stake..

No man can acquire a title by ihis own tort.

But turn to the words of the act.

"That in default of such actual settlement and resi-
dence, it shall and may be lawful to and for this commonwealth to issue new warrants to other'actual settlers,
for the said lands, or any part thereof, reciting the original warrants, and that actual settlements and residence have not been made in pursuance thereof," &c.

There must be proof of default; the party must be heard. The commonwealth may, not shall, grat.t new warrants.

It is said, however, that they are to bd issued to other actualsettlers ; which gives a right to any person to enter on a forfeiture.

The terms of the act, as well as the nature of the transaction, show that the case of a warrantee,and not a mere settler, is meant.

It supposes a new warrant, where an old one had issued.

Actual settler, is a deseriptio personx. It does not
mean a man who has completed, but who contemplates an actual settlement. This appears from the manner in which the terms actual settler are used in the pre-

20

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HUIDEKo- amble, and in the 5th, 8th and 10th sections of the act, PER'S LESSEE and even in the 10th section itself.
V.
DOUGLASS.
S The commonwealth may grant new warrants to other actual settlers. Other than whom ? Other than the actual setders who had failed to make an actual settlement in the manner described in the beginning of that section.

It means a person who had purchased with an intention, or under astipulation to make an actual settlement.

There is no express authority given to any person to enter on a warrantee.. Can it be implied by saying that the state may grant to another actual settler?
Her act must constitute the forfeiture of the old title.

Her act must grant the new.

B. Tilghman, on the same side,

Confined his argument principally to the support of
the proposition, that a persistance for two years after the date of the warrant, and in time of war, in enden. yours to make a settlement, gave the same title as if the actual'settlement had been made and continued.

He contended that revenue and population were equally the objects of the legislature in passing the act. It oughtnot, therefore, to be construed with a sole view to population.

The act, like a will, ought to be so construed as to carry into effect the intention of the legislature, and to give operation to all its parts.

To understand the true meaning of the proviso of the 9th section, it is necessary to distinguish between settlement and residence.
The warrantee is, by the first part of the section, to make a settlement, "'by clearing, fencing, anti cultivating at least two ;,cres for every hundred, and by

FEBRUARY, 1805.

21

erecting thereon a messuaie for the habitation of man." Thus much was-to be done in two years, and this ma with propriety be called "actual settlement." But this
alone was not sufficient to give a title. The party must also "* reside, or cause a family to reside thereon five years next following his first settling of the same, if he shall so long live."

HcIDEIO.
PEWSLS5ZE
V.
DOUGLASS.

Residence is superadded to settlement, which is the principal requisite.

It is absurd to say that residence is comprehended in settlement, because settlement must be within two years from the date of the warrant; but the residence is to continue five years following the first settlement. The smaller number (2) cannot include the larger ntrnber, (5) which must be the case if residence is a past of settlement. It certainly is not. But it is a requisite additional -to settlement, and which must be complied with
to complete the title. 'Settlement may be begun and
completed in the last three months of the two years. Residence, the other requisite, is to commence with the inception of the settlement, and to continue five years, unless the party die, so that settlement is one thing, and residence another. Unless they are different, hoiy can the one commence from the other? If residence be a part of settlement, and not a distinct member of the
condition, the death of the grantee within two years fiom the date of the warrant, would vest a complete title. A construction plainly inconsistent with the views
of the legislature.

That residence is considered a distinct part of the condition, is evident from other parts of the section. Thus it-says-" And that in default of suc-h actual settlemehtand residence, it shall and may be lawful," &c.
Again,'" reciting the priginal warrants, and that actual settleme~ts andresidence have not been made."

The-proviso also considers'settlement and residence as distinct. 'The party is to persist in endeavours to make an actual settlement ; ,and if he does so persist,
is to hold and enjoy in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued. If actual

SUPREME COURT U. S.

I-Iuzro-
-ER'S LESSEE
V.
DouGLASS.

settlement included residence, why say continued? Settlement is considered as a distinct thing, separately
existing, and continued by residence. If the settlement is not made in two years, in peace, is there not a forfeiture ? If so, residence is another essential. If residence is a part of settlement, it must be had in two years; but residence is to be five years from the first settlement. Then if you abolish two years as incompatible with five years, you set all at large ; no time is prescribed for either settlement or residence ; because residence is not to be five years from the date of the warrant, but from the first settlement, which mayl, on this construction, be at any time. '1here is no means to reconcile the whole but to construe settlement to be one thing to be done in two years from the date of the warrant; and residence to be another, to continue five years from the first settling.

Such then were the requisites to a complete title.

But at the time of making the act there was an Indian
war, which might probably last more than two years. It was necessary, then, for the'legislature to do justice as well to the warrantee who paid money, as to the actual settler: one of whom might, by the continuance of the war,
be prevented from commencing and completing settlement -and residence ; the other be driven from settlement and residence actually commenced.

The provision is, that if the actualsettler (with or without warrant) shall be driven therefrom, or the warrantee be prevented from making such Actual settlement, " and shAll persist in his endeavours to make such actual
settlement as afortsaid" "then, in either case, he and his heirs shall be entitled'to have and to hold the said lands in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued."

The plaintiff and defenidant are at issue upon a great question :

Is the condition to be performed according to the terms of the epacting clause, at some time ? ,

FEBRUARY, 1805.

If this is determined in the negative, in what time is the H-r~nxo-

ipatter, substituted in lieu'bf what was required by the PPR'sVL.EzSS

enacting clause', to be performed?

DouOLASS.

These 4luestlons are distinct and independent of each
other:-not to be blended together in argument, and if blended, will introduce the utmost confusion.

In considering the proviso, it is natural to inquire, Ist. Who are the objects of relief against the condition. 2d. On what terms is such relief to be granted; and, 3d. What is that relief.

1st. The objects ofrelief under the proviso certainly are
persons not having done what was necessary under the former part of the section, to complete their titleswho had not united settlement and residence ; settlers without warrant-and warrantees having commenced settlements or not.

2d. If any such " actual settler, or any grantee shall
be prevented by force of arms of the enemies of the .V. S. from making such actualsettlement, or be driven therefrom, and shall persist in his endeavours to. make such actual settlement as aforesaid, then, in either case,

si. "1 He and his heirs shall be entitled to have and
to hold-the said lands, in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued."

The terms of relief are, persisting in endeavours to make such actual settlement as aforesaid.

The whole question is as to the legitimate meaning of persist in his endea&ours, &c. For if the grantee -or actual settler complies with the proper construction as to the thing intended to be done, the condition is done
away.

It is contended that the party must persist until settlement and residence are actually achieved.

This we say is utterly inconsistent with the letter and spirit,of -theproviso. . Had the.legislature intended this,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
Huv, -o- it would have been so expressed, and might have been PER'SLESSEE readily done, by a declaration that, during war, time DOUGLASS. should not run against the warrantee or settler.
Instead of which, a substitute for settlement and residence is plainly introduced. That substitute is a persisting in endeavours to make such actual settlement as aforesaid. Instead of requiring a persisting in endeavours until settlement and residence actually obtained or made, the law contemplates somethingshort of settlement and residence, which being performed, was to operate in the same manner as if the actual settlement, and residence had been made and continued. Such actual settle ment, in the proviso, is considered as distinct from residence ; and to it, as sucl;, the 'proviso relates. And if the party presists in his ndeavours to make such actual settlement as aforesaid (that is, clear, fence, cultivate, and build, not reside) then he is to hold in ihe same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued; to wit, by residence. In the proviso, residence is no where contemplated except where the effect of persistance in endeavours is 'declared to be, to hold "in the same manner as if," &c. The legislature having thus plainly considered settlement and residence as different things, have declared that persistance in endeavours to attain the one shall be equivalent to the actual accomplishment of both.
The proviso affords relief on the ground, and solely on the ground, that settlement andl residence were not had.
How strange is their construction ! If the actual settler or warrantee persists in his endeavours until he acttaally makes a settlement with residence he shall bold the land as ifactual settlement had been made and continued. This
renders all the Words "in the same manner as if "" &c. en-
tirely nugatory.
This is not the case to which the proviso applies. It applies only to a case in which settlement and residence had not taken place, but in which, from a proper consideration of circumstances, the party was to hold as if, &c. looking to something other which is to be as if. Nul.
lum simile est idem. As if does not mean the same.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

Persisting in endeavours is all the proviso requires. If unsuccessful they are still endeavourswithin the meaning
of the proviso. Attaining the end is not the only evidence ofpersisting in endeavours ; else all endeavours must necessarily be successful, as, without success, in their principles, there can be no endeavburs persited in.

Huvonra. P 's LZSSZC
O),Uv..

If attaining the end was to be absolutely necessary, why did not the legislature expressly prescribe the end and not the means ? Or rather, whys having already prescribed the end, in the former part of the section, did they say any thing of the endeavour(the means) in the proviso ?

By the construction on the other side, the only benefit the grantee or actual settler gains from the provisb is time during the: actual existence of the impossibility to perform;
so that if the then raging war should last ten years, and the party persist in his endeavours the whole time, his title would still be incomplete without actual settlement and residence.

The legisliture never intended to impose such ruinous hardships on persons whose money they had taken; or on actual settlers. If time only was their object, why not give it absblutely during the war, without requiring a circumstance that must be attended with great expense and trouble to the party? Why make endeavours and persistance necessary, unless intended. as a substitute for set-
tlement and residence?

On these principles the proviso does the party more harm than good; it was better for him at once to fall a
victim to the strict letter of the conditioin. Had these principles been fairly and clearly avowed and stated in the act, would any man, flagrantebello, have paid his money for warrants ? No. The State would have remained
involved in debt till the dose of the war.

But it is said, you are not to persist in your endeavours during war, but you are to begin after the peace.

There is nothing of this sort in the law-and why, after

peace, is persistance required? Ahy should not the enact-

Vol.-TIT.

E

26

S:UPREME COURT, U. S.

HuID-Ko- ing clause, after some certain time, recur in fuillforce, VER'S LESSEr if this was the intention ? Why not say that during war
DorCOLASS. and for such a time after peace the condition shall not run \ y /against you?

Surely, the persistance in endeavours to make a settlement refers to the time during which a hindrance exist-
ed ; and cannot apply to a time when there would be nothing to hinder the compassing the thing itself.

What is the relief granted?

They say it is only time-a suspension of the forfeiture
during the war. There is no idea of this kind held up in the law. Instead of dispensing with a forfeiture, it dispenses with the condition. It declares that if something is done it shall amount to a performance of ihe condition and the party shall hold in the same manner as
ifWthe condition itself had been performed.

It is not enough to say that the .general intention and
spirit of the law is only to suspend the forfeiture for a time. Siach spirit and intention must be shown and extracted from the bowels of the act.

.By our construction, viz. that two years' persistance
from the date of the warrant gives a complete title, every thing is rendered intelligible and consistent, and every word of the act has its proper meaning and effect. But
upon theirs all is confusion, and inconsistency. They confound the larger with the smaller number-they make the legislature speak without any meaning, and they re;ct whole passages of the law.

If it is settled that persistance in endeavours to make actual settlement is a performance of the condition, how long is such'persistance to be ?

Surely, two years only friom the date of the warrant, that being the time withii which, by the enactin clause, the settlement is to be made; and as persiqtance is a substitute for settlement, must be for the same term and not
longer.

FEBRUARY, 180.:

. The act affords no other terms, no other rule of construction. Persistance cannot apply to the five years) residence because there c:atbe no residence without settlement;
and when th.-re had been a fruitless perseverance for two years m endeavours to attain a settlement, there cannot, in the nature of things, be a persistance to attain residence; for settlement being out of the question, there cannot be residence, which presupposes settlement, and which cannot exist without settlement.

t,
PER'S LCSSLL'
DoUGLASS.

Besides, the proviso excludes all ideas of endeavour being applied to residence-they are attached to stement, and are to operate as ifactual scilenzet had been made and continued.

Consequently, endeavours are only to be commensurate with the time required for settlement, viz. two years from the date of the warrant.

ili'Kean, (Attorney general of Pennsylvania) contra.

The defeat of Harmerin 1790, and of St. Clair in 1791, show that the power of the United States, aide Iby that of Pennsylvania was insufficient to protect that part of the
country. The view of the legislature, therefore, was the ,settlement, not the sale of the lands. They reduced the prica from 80 to 20 dollars per 100 acres. Settlement was not a cbndition subsequent, but precedent ; or rather, it was a part of the considaration "df the sale. With the same view the kgislature reduced the size of the tracts from 1000 to 400 acres, so that on every tract of 400 acres they might have a soldier. It was "nottheir intention that a large tract should be purchased by any one person or bodyof men. They meant to have a family upon every tract of 400 acres. The Holland company purchased 1162 tracts, which was to produce 1162 soldiers, distri-
buted among the same number of tra:ts. The object yas, that the country should be settled during the war, if possible, so as to form a barrier against the incursions of the Indians. But it is said a peace was in contemplation. If so, why did they enact the proviso-why stipulate for
immediate settlement-why oblige purchasers to persist in theit endeavours ? Immediate settlement was the object;
and if so, they could not mean to limit the perseverance to

SUPREME COURT, U. S.
HIuDyKO- two years; they meant a perseverance as long as thcre *ER'SjV.F.SSEE was any obstacle. Every thing in the act shows 'this to DOUGLASS. be their meaning.
The preamble states that the price at which they had
been held was so high as to discourage, not purchasers, but actualsettlers.
The 2d section offers the lands " for sale to persons who will cultivate, improve, and settle the same, or cause the same to be cultivated, improved, and settled".
The 3d section declares, that " upon the. application of any person who may have settled and improved, or is desirous to settle and improve, aiplantationwithin the limits aforesaid, to the Secretary of the Land Office, there shall be granted to him a warrant for any quantity of land within the said limits, not exceeding 400 acres, requiring the surveyor to cause the same to be survey-, ed for the use of the grantee, his heirs and assigns forever."
The 5ti. section prohibits the deputy surveyor, by virtue of any warrant, to survey any tract of land that may have been actually .settled and improved prior to the .date of the entry of such warrant with the deputy sfsrveyor of the district, except for the owner of such settlement and improvement.
The 8th section authorises the deputy surveyor, upon application of any person who has made an actual settlement andimprovement, to survey and mark out the lines of the tract to which such person may, by conforming to the provisions of this act, become entitled by virtue of such settlement and improvement, provided it does not exceed 400 acrei.
Tbe i0th section provides, that the lands thus actually settledandimproved, according to the provisions of this act, shall remain liable for the purchase money and interest from the dates of the improvements. And if such actual settler, not being hindered as taforesaid by death, or the enemies of tli United States, shall neglect to app'ly for a warrant in ten years after the pass-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

ing of this act, the commonwealth may grant the same lands to others, by warrants reciting such defaults.
The 9th section contains a condition precedent, and if it be not strictly complied with, the purchaser has not title. It is a part of the contract made with his eyes open. The act must be construed as a contract. The several parts must be considered together. The second and third must refer to the ninth section, and be controuled by it..

HurEico-
PE's LrssEz DOUGLASS.
--

What is a condition precedent ? It is a condition
to be performed before the estate can vest. As if a -mangrant that if A. pay 100 marks before such a day, he shall have the land. No title will vest until the 100 marks are paid.

It has been considered as a conditior precedent by every judge who has passed sentence upon it. Thus, Judge Teates, in giving his opinion in the case 9f the
mandamus, says, "It is admitted on all sides, that the terms of actual settlement and residence, are, in the first place, precedent conditions, to the vesting of absolute
estates 1n these lands, and I cannot bring myself to be-
lieve that they are dispensed -with by unsuccessful efforts, either in the case of warrant-holders or actual settlers."* The condition is not dispensed with but in

This question has leen agitated in a variety of forms in the State of Pennylvania, and a great degree of sensibility is said to have been excited upon the subject- In the year 1800 a rule was ob"tainedin the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, by the Holland Company, upon the Secretary of the Land Office, to show cause why a 7nandamusshould not be awarded, commandirg him to prepare and deliver patents for various tracts of land for which they had obtained warrants under the act of April 3d, 1792. The judges delivered their opinions in the fbioowing terms:
Sajrpxwr, Chief Justice.-The legislature, by the act of 3d April, 1792, meant to sell the remaining lands of the State, particularly those lying on the north and we'st of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany. The consideration money was to be paid on issuing the war. rants. They had, likewise, another object, namely, thr" i~possible, the land should be settled by improvers. The latter terms, however, -werenot to be exacted fr9m thegrantees at all events. The act passedat a time whet hostilities existed on the part of the Indian tribes. It was uncertain when they would cease ;'the legislature, therefore, contemplated, thaf 'warrants might be taken eut during the'exist.

so

SUPREME COURT, U. ,.

1iuIDEmo- .the case of prevention by death, or by force of arms of rE 'SL. ESSEE the enemies of the United States. The question here

DOUGLASS. arises, is tile preveition and perstwerance for two years

Sequivalent

to a performance of the condition ? Is the

vill to be taken for the deed ?

ence of these hostilities, which might continue so long, as to make it impossible for the warrantees to make the settlements required, for a length of time; not, perhaps, until after these hostilities should entirely cease. Yet, they make no provision that the settlements should be made within a reasonable time after the peace ; but expressly within two years after the dates of the warrants. As, howc,er, they wished to sell the lands, and were to receive the consideration money immediately, it would ,iave been unreasonable, and, probably, have defeated their views in selling, to require stttlemento to be made on each tract of four hundred acres, houses to be built, and lands to be cleared, in case su'h acts should be rendered impossible by the continuance of Lhe Indian war. They, thberefore, mnake the proviso, which is the subject of the present dispute, in the following words :-" Provided always, ,ntvcrthCles:, *1hat if ny
such actual settler, or any grintee, in any such original or stc. "ceeding warrant, shall, by fbrce of arms of the enemies of tio "United States, be prevented from making such actual settlement, "or be driven therefrom, and shall persist in his endeavours to make "such actual settlement as aforesaid, then, in either case, lie and "his heirs shall be entitled to have and to hold the said lands, in "the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and
continued."
When were such actual settlements to be made · The same seetion of the act which contains the above proviso, gives a direct and unequivocal answver to this question-" Within the space of two years next after the date of the warrant." If the settlements wero not made within that time, owing to the force or reasonable dread of the enemies of the United States, and it was c%ident that tho parties had used their best endeavours to effect the settlement, then, by the express words of the law, the residence of the improvers for five years afterwards, was expr( ;sly dispensed wilh, and their title to the lands was complete, and patents might issue accordingly. It is contended, that the words "I ersist in their en. deavours" in the proviso, should be extended to meai., that ifwithin the two years they should be prevented by tim IMidian hostilities from making the settlement, %et, when they should be no longer prevented by those hostilities, as by a treaty of peace, it was incumbent on them then to persist to make such settlement. The legislature might, if they had so pleased, have exacted those terms, (and they would nt, perhaps, hiave been iinrcasonahle) ht they have not done so : they have espr.sbhy conhinecd the time of imiaking such settlements to the term of two years from the date of the warrant. Their meaning and intention can alone be sought for, from the. words they have used, in wfhich there seems to me, in thspart of the act, to be ,,o great ambiguity. Ifthe contrary had been tCeir meaning, they wou; not hove nade use of the word "endeavot," -which supposes a possibility, at least, if not a probability, as thing;

FEBRUARY, 1809-

3t

What is the settlement intended? 'We say' it includes I-tEnmro."five years' residence. The provisospeaks of such actual P"M'S Lrssrz settlement as aforesaid," thereby referring to the descrip- DoGLASS tion of settlement in the former part of the section, that is, " by. clearing, fencing and cultivating, at least

then stood, of those endeavours failing on account ofthe hostilities ;. .and would, therefore, hve expressly exacted actual settlements to be made, when the purchasers should no longer run any risk in making them.
The State laving received the consideration money, andrequired a settlement within twoyears, if not prevented by eniemies ; and in. that case dispensing with the condition of settlement and residence, an.d declaring that their title shall be then good and as effectual as if the settlement had been made and continued; I cannot conceivo they could mean to exact that settlement at any future indefinito time. And although it is said they meant that condition to be in. dispensable, and that it must be complied. with in areastnable time, we have not left to us that latitude of construction, as the l~giblature have expressly limited thie time themselves.
It is urged, that the main view of the legislature was to get the. country settled, and a barrier formed; this was, undoubtedly, one. of their views, and for that purpose, they have given extraordinary encouragement to individual settlers; but they had, likewise, exidently another view, that of increasing the revenue of the State, by the sale of the lands. The very title of the act is, "for the sale of the vacant lands within this commonwealth ;" this latter object they have really effected, but not by the means of the voluntarysettlers: it could alone be effected hy the purses ofrich men, or large companies of men, who would not have been prevailed upon to lay out such sums of money as they have done, if they had thought~their purchases were clogged with such impracticable conditions.
I have hitherto argued upon the presumption, that the words "persist in their endeavours," relate to the grantees, as well as the s'ttlers; but, in considering the words of the proviso, it may be well doubted, whether they relate to any other grantee or settler, than those who have been driven from their settlements; the word 11persist," applies very properly to such : the words of the proviso are, " If such actual settler, or any grantee, shall, by force 9 f arms of the enemies ofthe United States, be prevented from miking such settlement, or be driven therefrom, and shall persis! in his endcavours to make such actual settlement; then, in either case, he and hiq heirs shall be entitled," &c. Here, besides, that the grammatic-l construction of referring the word " persist," to the last antece. dent, is best answered, but the sense of.it is only applicable to settlements begun, and not to the condition of the grantees. There are two members of the sentence, one relates to the grantees, %1%', it is supposed, may be prevented from making their settlements. The other to the settlers who are supposed to he driven away floin the setthments. The latter words, -s to them, are proper _as to the grantees, who never hegab a settlemintit, improper. The act

SUPREME COURT, U..S.
HUIDEKO- two acres for every " hundred, erecting thereon a mesvER's i,sszr suage for the habitation of man, andresiding, or causihg Dou;LAss. a family to reside thereon for the space of five years
Snext following his first settling of the same."
says, in either case, that is, if the grantees are prevented from making their settlements,* or if the settlers are driven away, and persist in their endeavours to complete their settlements, in either case they shall be entitled to the land.
I will not say this construction is entirely free from doubt-if it
.was, there would be an end of the question.
But taking it for granted, as it has been done at the bar, that the words relate to the grantees, as well as the settlers ; yet, al. though inaccurate, with regard to the former, it seems to me, the legislature could only mean to exact from the grantees, their best endeavours to make the settlements, within the space of two years from th'e date of their warrants ; at the end of which time, if they have,.been prevented from complying with the terms of the law, by the actual force of the enemy, as they had actually paid for the land, they are then entitled to their patents. If the legislature really meant differently, all I can say, is, that they have very unfortunately expressed their meaning.
The propriety of awarding a ma,'damus, is another question, which I mean not to discuss, as I presume a decision of a majority of the Court will make it unnecessary.
YEATES, Justice.-1 have long hoped and flattered myself, that the difficulties attendant on the present motion, would have been brought before thejstice and equity ofthe legislature for solution, and not come before the judicial athoHiy, who are compelled to deliver the law as they find it written for decision ; the question has often occured to our minds, under the act of 3d of April, 1792, which has so frequently engaged our attention in our western circuits.
The Holland Company have paid to the State, the consideration money of one thousand one hundred and sixty-two warrants, and the surveying fees, on one thousand and forty.eight tracts of land ; besides making very considerable expenditures by their cxertions, honourable to themselves, and useful to the community, (as has been correctly stated) in order to effect settlements. Computing the sums advanced? the lost tracts, by prior improvements and interferences, and the quantity of one hundred acres granted to each individual for making an actual settlement on their lands ; it is said, that averaging the whole, between two hundred and'.thirty and two hundred and forty dollars, have been expended by the com. nany, on each tract of land they now lay daim to.
The Indian war which raged previous to, and at the time of the passing of the law, and until the ratification of the treaty at Fort Granville, must have thrown insurmountable bars in the wayvot'

FEBRUARY, 18o5.

33

By the proviso no time is limited for the persist- HU!Druoing. We say it 'Means prsisting with ect; otherwise PED'S LX5r=
the object of the legislature would be totally defeated DOUG'LAss. if the war should continue two years after the dates of

those persons, who were desirous of sitting down immediately oni
lands, at any distance from the military posts. These obstacles must necessarily have continued for some time after the removal of impending danger, from imperious circumstances : the scattered state of the inhabitants, and the difficulty of early collecting supplies of provisions : Besides, it is obvious, that settlements, in most instances, could not be made, until the lands were desigtated and appropriated by surveys, and more especially so, 'where warrants have express relation to others, depending on a leading warrant, which particularly locates some known spot of ground.

Onthe head of merit, in the Holland Land Company's sparing no
expense to procure settlements, I believe there are few dissenting voices beyond the mountains: and one would be induced to conclude, that a variety of united, equitable circumstances, would not fail to produce a proper degree of influence on the public wilt of the community. But we are compelled by the duties of our office, to give a judicial opinion, upon the Abstract -legal questionwhether,'if a wiarrant-holder, under the act of 3d of April, 1792, has begun to make his actual settlement and is prevented from completing the same, "by forceof arms, of the enemies of the United States, or is driven therefrom," and shall make new endeavours to complete the same; but fails in the accomplishment thereof, the condition of actual settlement and residence is dispens-ed with and extihguished .

I am constrained, after giving the subject every consideration in my power,' to declare, that I hold the negative of the proposition, for the following reasons, collected from the body of the.act itself.

1. The motives inducing the legislature to enact the law, are dis-
tinctly marked in the preamble, that "the prices fixed by law for other lands, (than those included in the Indian purchase of 1768) are found to be so high, as to discourage actualzetttlte from pur. chasing and improvingthe same." S3State laws, 209.

2. " The lands lying north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, are offered for sale to persons who will cultivate, improve and zet the same, or cause'the same to be
cultivated, improved 'and settled, at and for the price of C7 10, for every hundred acres thereof." By § 2. The price of lands is thus lowered, to encourage actual settlements.

S.By § 3. "Upon the application of any person who may have

settled orimproved, or is desirous to settle and improve, a planta.

tion within the limits aforesaid; there shall be granted to hirp a

warrant not exceeding four hundred acres," &c.

1ol. IT.

F

SUPREME COURT U. S,
iE*JIEICo- the warrants. Besides, the proviso would be repuS "ftn'SVLE.SSEE nant to the enacting clause, and therefore void. It DOUGLASS. only provides that the incipient title should not be lost_
Sduring the war, if thereby the settlement was prevent-
The application granted, is not to take up lands ; but it must be accompanied, either by a previous settlement and improvement, or expressions of a desire to settle and improve a plantation ; and in this form all such warrants have issued.
4. By § 5. " Lands actually settled and improved, prior to the date of the entry of a w.,rrant w~ih the Deputy Surveyor of the district, shall not be surveyed thereon ; except for the owner of such settlement and improvement."
This marked preference of actual settlers over warrant.holders, who may have paid their mney into the treasury fhr a particular tract; even, perhaps, before any improvement of the land was meditated, shows, in a striking manner, the intentions of the legislature.
5. By §' 8. "The Deputy Surveyor ofthe district, shall, upon the application of any person, who has.made an actual settlement and improvement on these lands, survey 4nd mark out the lines of the tract of land, not exceeding four hundred, for such applicant."
The settlement and improvement alone, are made equivalent to a warrant; which may be taken out by section 10, ten years after the time of passing this act.
6. 1 found my opinion, on what I take to be the true and legiti. mate construction of the § 9 ; in the close of which is to be fotind. the proviso, from whence spring all the doubts on the subject.
It has been said at the bar, that three different constructions have been put on this section.
1. That if the warrant-holderhas been prevented by Indian hos. tilities, from making his settlement within two years, next flfer the date of his warrant, and until the 22d of December, 1795 -(the time of ratification of General Wayne's treaty) the condition of setIlement and residence is extinct and gone.
2. That tho!ugh such prevention (lid not wholly dispense with the condition, it hindered its running within that period ; and that the grantee's persisting in his endeavours, to make an actual settleinent and residence for five years, or within a reasonable time thereafiter, shall be deemed a ftull compliance with the condition And,
3. That in all events, except the death of the party, the settlewent and residence, ahall precede the vesting of the complete and absolute estate.

,FEBRUARY, 18o.

as

ed. Every person who claims under this act must be an actual settler. It does not say that if the grantee, or actual settler shall be prevented, or driven .away, he shall hold; but if prevented, or driven away, and he shall persist, then he shall hold.

Hu tnrtto. "I"s LESSEr ')OuLS,

Though such great disagreement has obtained, as to the true meaning of this § 9, both sides agreed in this, that it is worded vrery inaccurately, inartificially, and obscurely. Tits, it will be found. towards the beginning of the clause, that the -words "acaualfettle9eat," are used in an extensive sense, as inclusive of residence fur five years ; because its constituent parts are enumerated and described, to be by " clearing, fcncing and cuidvatirg, at least two acres for every hundred acres, contained in one survey ; erecting thereon, a messuage for the habitation of man, and residing, ,ir causing a family to reside thereon, for the space of five years, next ,following his first settling the same, if he or she shall so long live." In the middle of the clause, the same words are used in a more limited sense, and are coupled with the expressions "and residence," and in the close of the section, in the proviso, the same words, a's I understand them, in a strict grammatical construction
of the whole clause, must be taken'in the same large mid comprehensive sense, as they first conveyed ; because the terms "such actual settlement," used in the middle of the section, are repeated in the proviso, and refer to the settlement described in the foregoing part: and the words '"actual settlement, as aforesaid," evidently relate to the enumeration of the qualities of such settlement :'Again, the confining of the settlement to be within the space of two years, next after the date of the warrant, seems a strange provision. A war with the Indian natives subsisted when the law passed, and its continuance was uncertain. The state of the country might prevent the making of surveys for several years ; and until the lands were appropriated by surveys, the precise places where they lay, could not be ascertained generally.
Still I apprehend that the intention of the legi,lature may be fairly collected from their own words. But I cannot accede to the
first construction, said to have been made of the proviso in this ninth section ; because it rejects as vholly superfluous, and assigns no operation whatever, to the subsequent expressions, "if any grantee shall persist in his endeavours," -e. which is taking ant
unwarrantable liherty with the law. Nor can I subscribe to the second construction stated, because it appears to me to militate against the general spirit and words of the law, aid distorts its great prominent features in tie passages already cited, and for ot* er reasons which I shall subjoin. I adhere to the third construction, and will now again consider the § 9. It enacts, in the first instance, that "no warrant or survey for lands, lying north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, shall vest any title, unless the grantee has, prior to the date ofsuch warrant, made, or caused to be made ; or shall, within tie sp-1ce of two years next after the date of the same, make, or cause to he made, an actual settlement thereon, by clearing, &c. Prorided atmaye, nrvcelevr, That if any such Bettler, or any grantee, in,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

InU1D ,)o-
En'SvL.ss E
Douoi4 ss.

What is persisting? Buying impilements ? No.-Going on the land ? We do notcontend for that. iut still itissomething, and who is to dete'gnine what it is.It is a fact which must be decided byi jury in every case; which would be productive ofen'dless'litigation.

any such original or succeeding warrant, shal', by force of arms of the enemies of theunited States, be prevented from making such actual settlement, or be driven therefrom, and shall persist in his endeavours to make such actual settlement as aforesaid ; then, in either case, he and his heirs, shall be entitled to have and to hold the saidlands, in the same manner, as if the actual settlement had been made and continued."
"1Persist" is the correlative of attempt or endeavour, and sign!, fics"hold on," "persevere," &c.. the beginning words of tho section, restrict the settlement, "to be within two years next after the date of the warrant, by clearing, &c. and by residingfor the space of five years, next following his -first settling of thle same, if lie or she shall so long live," and in default thereof, annexes a penalty of forfeiture in a mode prescribed ; but the proviso relieves against this penalty, if the grantee is prevented from making such settlement by force, &c. and shall persist in his endeavours to make sucJ actual settlement, as aforesaid. The relief, then, as 1 read the words, goes merely as to the times oftwo years next after the date of the warrant, and five years next following the party's first settling of the same; and the proviso declares, thatpersisting, &c. shall be equivalent to a continuation of the settlement.
To be more intelligible, 'Iparaphrase the ninth section thus Every warrant-holder shall cause a settlement to be made on his lands within two years next after the date of his warrant, and a residence thereon for five years next following the first settlement, on pain of forfeiture, by a new warrant. Nevertheless, if lie shall be interrnpted or obstructed by external force, from doing these acts within the limited periods, and shall afterwards persevere in his efbrts in a reasonable time, after the removal of such force, until those objects are accomplished, no advantage shall be taken of him for the want ofa Auccessive continuation of his settlement.
The construction I have adopted, appears to me to restore perfect symmetry to the whole act, and to preserve its due proportions. it aflbrds an easy answer to the ingenious question, proposed by tho counsel of the Holland Company If,say they, immediately after a warrant issues, a settler, without delay, goes on the ground the 3 Ith April, 1792, and stays there until the next day, when he is, .driven off by a savage enemy, after a gallant defence - and then" fixes 1i, residence as near the spot, as le can consistently, with his personal safety, does the warrantee lose all pretensions of equity ? Or, suppose he has the good fortune to contin ue there, firmly adhering to the soil, for two or three years, during the In. dian hostilities; but is, at length, compelled to remouie by a supe.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

VW-hen the prevention ceased, they were to settle in a reasonable time ; otherwise the purchaser of 1793 would
be in abetter situation than the purchaser of 1796, because the former would get his title without the condition of settlement.

Husiie-
WZn'S VL'E. SSEZ
DougLAss.

rior force ; is all to go for nothing, and must he necessarily begin again 1 I answer to both queries, in the negative ; By no means.The proviso supplies the chasm of successive years of residence ; for every day and week he resides on the soil, he is entitledto credit in his account with the commonwealth : but, upon a return of peace, when the state of the country will admit of it, after making all reasonable allowances, he must resume the occupation of the land, and complete his actual settlement ;-although a charity cannot take place according to the letter, vet it ought to be performed cy-pres, and the substance pursued. 2 Prn. 266. 2 Fontd. 22L
It has been objected, that such a contract with the Statb, is unreasonable, and hard on those land-holderi, and ought notto be insisted upon : it will be said, in reply, they knew the terms before they engaged in the bargain, and must abide by the consequences. The only question is, whether the interpretations given of it be correct or not.
7. A due'conformity to the provisions of the act, is equally exhcted of those who found their preference to lands on their personal labour, as of those who ground it on the pa3'nent of money. I know of no other distinctions between these two sets of landholders, as to actual settlement and residence; than that the claims of the former, must be limited to a single plantation, and the labour be exerted by them, or under their direction ; while the latter may purchase as many warrants as they can, and make, or cause to be made, the settlements required by law. Addion, 340, 341
It is admitted, on all sides, that the terms of actual settlement and iesidence, are, in the first place, precedent conditions, to the vesting of absolute estates in these lands ; and I cannot bring myself to believe, that they are dispensed with, byunsuccessful efforts, either in the case of warrant-holders, or actual settlers. In the latter instance, our tiniform decisions have been, that a firm adherence tothe soil, unless controultd by imperious circumstances, was the great criterion, which marked the preference in such cases ; anid I have seen no reason to alter my opinion.
8. Lastly, it is obvious from the preamble, and § 2, that the settlement of the country, as well as the iale of the lands, were meditated by this law; the latter, however, appears to be a seconda. ry object with the legislature. The peopling of the country, by a "hardy race of men, to the most extreme frontier, was certainly the most powerful barrier against a savage enemy.
Having been thus minute, and I fear tedious, in delivering my opinion, it remains for me to say a few words, respecting those versons who have taken possession of part of these lands, supposing

SUPREME COURT XT. a.

Hvrzryao. If the settlement is begun within the two years, and I.Pt'nS L.LSSEE continued for five years, it is sufficient. Until a sur-

DOuGLASS. 'priation

vey there could be no appropriation ; and until approthere could be no settlement-and there Lould
be no effectual residence unless the settlement was nade

the warrants to be dead, according to the cant ordof the day, and who, though not parties to this suit, are asserted to be implicated in our decision. If the lands are forfeited in tie ese of the lhw, though they have been fully paid for, the breach of the condition can only be taken advantage of by the qommonwealth, in a method" prescribed by lhw. Innumerable mischiefs, and endless confusion, would ensue, from individuals taking upon themselves to judge when warrants and surveys cease to have validity, and mTking entries on such lands at their will and pleasure. 1 will repeat what we told the jury in Morris' lessee v. Neighman and Shanes : " If the expressions of the law were not as particular as we find them, we should have no difficulty in pronouncing that no persons should take advantage of'their o-n wrong, and that it does not lie in- the mouths of men, like those we are speaking of, to say the warr-nts are dead ; we will take and withhold the possessi'm, and thereby entitle ourselves to reap benefits from an unlawful act."On the wfiole, I am of opinion, that the rule should be discharged,
SM ITH, Justice.-I have had a full opportunity of considering the opinion delivered by my brother Teater; and as I perfectly concur in all its principles, I shall confine myself to a simple declaration of assent_ I could not hope, indeed, to add to the argument ; and I am certain I could not equal the language, %vhichhe has used on the occasion.
BY rHE COURT. Let the rule be discharged."
0 Since this decision was pronounced, the subject has been revived and agitated in various interesting forms. In the w'nter of 1801-2, several petitions were presented by the intruders to the legislature, requesting their interposition, but the committee of the Senate to whom these petitions were referred, reported against them and admitted, that the controversy belonged exclusively to the courts of justice. But soon after this report was made, a bill was infioduced, which recites the existing controversies, gives a legislative opinion against the claim ofthe warrantees, and institutes an extraordinary tribunal, to hear and decide between the parties.The appearance of this bill produced two remonstrances from tle Holland Company, but without effect. As soon as it became a law, the Attorney-General and the Counsel for the Company were invited to a conference with the judges, on the carrying of it into effect ; but, upon mature consideration, the Counsel for the Company declined taking any part in the business, and assigned their reasons in a letter addressed to the Judges, dated the 24th of)une, 1802. An issue was then formed, by the direction of the Judges, whieh was tried at Sunbury, on the 25th of November following, before 21ca_ -, Siith and brackenridge, Justices.

FEBRUARY, 1801.,

-within the two iears. Did the legislature mean to dispense with the" five years residence, if the settlement couldnot be made.in two years The 9th section says, the titl shall notvest, unless, &c. The only difficulty was, to limit the time within which the settlement should be made.

IIt,1Damo. PER'S Lr. E5 PP
DOUGLA3s.

The Charge, as delivered by Mr. fjhrticc Teamu, is as follows:.
That the decision ofthe Court and Jury on the present figne issue should "settle the controversies arng firo contending claims to lands north an&'nvest of the rivers io and Alleghany and Conewango creek." is an event devoutly to be wislied for by every good citizen. "It is indispensably necessar that the peaco of that part of the State should be preserved, and complete justice done to all parties interested, as effectually as possible,(Close of Preamble to the Act of 2d April, 1802, p. 155.)
We have no hesitation in declaring, that we are not without our fears that the good intentions of the legislature, expressed in th law under which we now sit, will not be effected. We hope wc.shallbe happy enough to acknowledge our mistake hereafter.
It-is obvious that the validity of the claims of the warrant-holders, as well as 9f the actual settlers, must depend upon the true and correct construction of the act of the 3d April, 1792, considered as a solemn contract between the commonwealth and each individua).
The circumstances attendant on each particalar case may vary the general legal conclusion in many instances.
We proceed to the discharge of the duties enjoined on us by the late act.
The first question proposed to our consideration is as follows:-
Are watrants heretofore granted under the act of the 3d April, 1792, valid and effectual in law against this commonwealth, so as to b;r this commonwealth from granting the same land to other applicants under the act aforesaid, in cases where the warrantees have not fully-and fairly complied with the conditions of settlement, improvenent and residence, required by the said act, at any time before the date of such warrants respectively, or within two years after 1
It will be proper here to obserye, that on the motion for the mandamus o the late Secretary of the Land-office, at the instance of the Holland Company-the Members of this Court, after grcat consideration of the subject, were divided in their opinions. The Chief Justice seemed to be of opinion, that if a warrantee was "by force of Arms of the enemies of. the United Statti, prevented from nmaking an actual settlement, as described in the act, or was driven therefrom, and should persist in his endea\.oirs to make such actual settlement thereafter," it would amount to a p.erformanceo of the.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
HuIxDxo- If the settlement is incomplete, he is still to persist. If ZEa'S LZSSEP the improvements- are made, but the residence not
DOUGLASS. completed, it is said he is not to persist. But the pro~ viso says, that if the actual settler shall be driven off, and shall persist,&c. What is he to persist to do ?Some-
condition in law. Two of us (Yeates and Smith) thought, that in all events, except the death of the party, the settlement and residence contemplated by the act, should precede the vesting of the complete and absolute estate, and that "every warrant-holder should cause a settlement to be made on his lands, within two years next after the date of the warrant,' and a residence thereon for five years next following the first settlement, on pain of forfeiture, by a new warrant; but if, nevertheless, he should be interrupted or obstructed by the force of the enemy from doing thoso acts within the limited periods, and shall afterwards persevere in his efforts in a rhasonable time after the removal of such force, until these objects should be accomplished, no advantage shall be taken of him for the want of asuccessive continuation of his settle. ment."-To this opinion Judge Brackenridge subscribes.
It would ill become us to say which of these constructions is entitled to a preference. It is true, that in the preamble of the act of the 24 April, 1802, (p. 154) it is expressed, that "it appears from the act aforeiaid, (3d of April, 1792) that the commonwealth regarded a full compliance with those conditions of settlement, improvement and residencb, as an indispensable part of the purchase or consideration of the land itself'." But it is equally certain that the true test of title to the lands in question must be resolved. into the legitimate meaning of the act of 1792, extracted ex viceribug suis, independent of any legislative exposition thereof. I adhere to the opinion which I formerly delivered in Bank ; yet, if a different interpretation of the law shall be made by courts of a competent jurisdiction in the dernier resort, I shall be bounOI to acquiesce, though J1 may not be able to changd my sentiments. If the meaningof the first question be, are titles under warrants issued under the law of the 3d of April, 1792, for lands north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany and Conewango creek, good and available against the commonwealth, so as to bar the granting of the same land to other applicants, where the warrantees have not fully and fairly complied with the conditions of settlement, improvement, and residence, required by the law, ht any time be. fore, or within two years after, the dates of the respective warrants, in time of pofoundpeace, when thep were notpreventedfrom naklingsuch actual settlementby force of arms of the enemies of the United States, or reasonable and well grounded fear of the enemies of the savages ?-The answer is ready in the language of the acts before us, and can admit of no hesitation.
"No warrant or survey for those lands shall vest any title, unlessthe grantee has, priorto the date of suth warrant, made, or caused to be made, or shall, within the 4pace of two years next after the dlate of the same, make or cause to be made, an actual settlement

FEBRUARY, IQ5.

thing certainly which remained to be done; and nothing remained to be done but to complete his residence. But if he persist in his endeavours io do this, the time during which he is prevented 'and persists, shall go to his credit. Hence there must be a persistance for five years at least.

HotzowPEn'S,.ESS
DoUGLASS.

thereon, by clearing, &c. and in default thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the commonwealth to issue new warrants to other actual settlers for the said lands, or any part thereof," &c.-
(Act of the third of April, 1792, sec. 8.) For "the commonwealth regarded a full compliance with these conditions of settlement and residence as an indisputable part of the purchase or consideration ofthe lands so granted." (Preamble to act of 1802.)

But if the true meaning of the question be-whether, under all given or supposed circumstances of peace or war, of times of perfect tranquillity or imminent danger, such warrants are not ipo facto
void and dead in law, we are constraified to say, that our mhils refuse assent to the general affirmatixe of the proposition.

We will exemplify our ideas on this subject. Put the case, that a warrant taken out early in 1792, calls for an island, or describes
ceztain land, with accuracy and precision, by the course of waters, or other natural boundaries, distant from any military post, and that the warrantee, after evidenciqg the fullest intentions of making an actual settlement on the land applied for, by all the necessary preparation of provisions, implements of husbandry, labourers, cattle, &c. cannot, with any degree of personal safety, seat
himself on the lands within two years after the date of the warrant, and by reasdn of the just terror of savage hostilities. Will not the proviso in the 9th section of the act of 3d April, 1792, excuse the temporary non-performance of an act, rendered highly dangerous, if not absolutely impracticable, by imperious circumstances, over which he hadno controul ?

Or, suppose another warrant, depending, in point of descrilption,- on other leading warrants, which the district Surveyor, either from the state of the country, the hurry of -the business of
his office, or other causes, could not survey until the two years were nkearly expired, and the depredations of the Indians should intervene for the residue of the term, will not this also sispend the operation of the forfeiture ?-Nothing can be clearer to
ua, than that the terms of the proviso embrace ind aid such cases ; and independent of the strong expressions made use of, Tae should require strong proof to satisfy our minds that the legislature could possibly meanto make a wanton sacrifice ofthe lives of her citizens.

It is said in the books, that conditions rendered impossible by the

actof God, are void. Salk. 170. 2 Co. 79. b. Co. Lit. '106 a.

290. b. 1 Roll. Ab. 449. 1.50. 1 Fonh. 19.0.

Vol. I T

G

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

Huxnaro- The warrant gave a right to enter the land, to surAR'SLSSFE vey it, and to make the settlement. But this right would
Y.

DoUGLAss. be forfeited under the former part of the section, if

t

- not-exercised in two years.

r

This was the right which the proviso meant to pro-

tect, and nothing more. This is the right which is saved

But conditionsprecedent.must be strictly performed to make the estate vest, and though become impossible, even by the act of God, the estate will not vest-aliter of conditions subsequent, 12 Mod. 183. Co. Lit. 218. a. 2 Vern. 339. 1 Ch. Ca. 129. 138. Salk. 231. 1 Vern. 183. 4 Mod. 66.-We desire to be understood to mean, that the " Prevention by force of arms of the enemies of the United States," does not, in our idea, absolutely dispense v.ith and annul the conditions of actual settlement, improvement and residence, but that it suepends the forfeiture by protractin- tho limited periods. Still, the conditions must be performed cypre, whenever the real terror arising from the enemy has subsided, and he shall honestly persistin his endeavours to make suh actual settlement, improvement and residence, until the conditions are fairly and fully complied with.
Other instances may be supposed, wherein the principlqs of prevention may effectually be applicable. Ifadperson, under the pretence of beinF an actual settler, shall seat himself on lands previously warranted and surveyed within the period allowed, tinder a fair construction ofthe law, to the warrantee, for the making hIls settlement, withhold the possession, and obstruct him from making his settlement, he shall derive no benefit from. this unlawful act.If the party himself is the cause wherefore the conditiop cannot bo performed, lie shall never take advantage. Co. Lit. 206. Doug. 661. 1 Roll. Ab. 454. pl. 8. Godb. 76. 5. Vin. 246. pl. 25.
Me trust that we have said enough to convey'our sentiments ors the first point. Our answer to the question, as proposed, is, that such warrants may or may not ,be valid and effectual in law aainst the commonwealth, according to the several times and e.xisting facts accompanying such warrants. The result of our opinion, tbunded on our best consideration of the matter is, that every case must depeund on, and be governed by its own peculiar chcum. stances.
The second question for decision is, arc the titles that have issu. ed from the Land-office under the act aforesaid, whether by war. rant or patent, good and effectual against the commonwealth, or any person claiming under the act aforesaid, in cases where such titles have issued on tilaeuthority, and have been gronilded -on the certificates of two Justices of the Peace, usually called prevontion cer'tificates, without any other evidence being given of the n4turc and eircumatances of such prevention, whereby, as is alleged, the conditions of settlement, improvement and residence, requlired hy the said act, -could not be complied with .

FEBRUARY, 185.

by persisting as long as theprcvention continues. But when the prevention ceases, the ultimate condition of settlement is still to be performed. As the law does not require impossibilities,, a reasonable time after cessation

I1urDruo taK'sVL. e.ssae
DOUGLASS.

It was stated ;n evidence on the motion, for the mandamus, and proved on this trial, that the Board of Property bcing desirous of settling a formal mode of certificate on which patents might issue for la;d north and west of the rivers Ohio and Alleghany, and Conewango creek, required the opinion of Mr. Ingersoll, the then Attorney-General thereon ; on due consideraticn, a form was afterwards adopted on the 21st of December, 1797, which was ordermd to be published in the Pittsburgh Gazette, and patents issued olf course, on the prescribed form being complied with.
The received opin'ion of the Supreme Executive Magistrate, tfie Attorney-General, the Board of Property, and of a resp.-ctable p-. t. of the Biar, (whose sentiments on legalI questions will always hame great .and deserved weight) at that day, certainly was, that if a -warrant-holder was prevented by force of arms of the enemies of the United States from making his actual settlement, within two years after the date of his warrant, and afterwards persisted in his endeavours to make such settlement, that the condition was extinguished and gone. Peristi.g in endearours, was construed to mean something-attempts, essays, &c.-but that did not imply absolute success, or accomplishment of the objects intended to be eflected. By some it was thought, that the endeavours were only to be comnenrsrateal to the time of making the actual settlement, and were tantamount, and should avail the parties 1*in the same manner as if the actual settlement had been made and continued."
The decisions of the court in Morris's lessee v. Neighman and others, at Pittsburgh, May, 1799, tended to make the former opinion questionable; and two of the justices of the Supreme Court adopted a different doctrine, in their judgmient between the Holland Company and Tenche Coxe.
In the argument in that case, it was insisted by the counsel for the plaintiffs, that the Board of Property in their resolves, and the Governor by his patent represented the commonwealth pro hac vice; and that interests vested under them which could not afterwards be defeated.
We cannot subscribe hereto. If the conditions of settlement, improvement and residence are indispensable at all events ; they become so by an act of the different branches of dhe legislature.The Governor, who has a qualified negative in the passing of laws, cannot dispense with their injunctions; it cannot be said that this case falls within the meaning of the 9th section of the second article of the constitution. "The Governor shall have power to remit fines and forfeitures and grant reprieves and pardons except in case of impeachment" It relates merely to penalties consequent on public offences, nor can it be pretended that the Board of Property, by any act whatever of their own, can derogate from the binding force of law. But the fact is, an intention of dispensing with the

44

SUPREME COTRT, ,U.S.

HuTDnKo-
PYR'SLfSSE V.
DoUGLASS. -

of the war must be allowed to make the settlement. 'We say two years is that reason'able time, because that was
the time originally fixed by the contract which was predicated upon the idea that there was no obstacle.

law of 1792 cannot, with any degree of justice, be ascribed to the Governor or B -ard of Property for the time being. They considered themselves in their different functions virtually discharging their respective duties in carrying the act into execution according to the generally received opinion of the day ; they never intended to purge a forfeiture if it had really accrued, nor to excuse the nonperformance ff a condition if it had not been complied with agreeably to he public will expressed in a legislative contract.
The rt'e of law is thus laid down in England. A false or partial su gestion by the grantee to the king to the king's prejudice ; wher-by lie is deceived, will make the grant of the king void. Hob. 229. Cmt. E. 632. Yel.48. 1 Co. 44. a. 51. b. 3. Leon. 5. 2.
-lawk. 398. Black. 226. But where the wrds are the words of the kihg, and it appears that he has only mistaken the'law, there he shill not he said to be so deceived to the avoidance of the grant per Sir Samuel Eyre ; Just. Ld. Ray. 50. 6 Co. 55. b 6. b. accord. But if any of the lands concerning which the question arises, become forfeited by the omission of certain acts enjoined on the warrantholders, they do not escheat to the Governor for the time being, for his benefit, nor can he be prejudiced as Governor by any grant thereof; they'become vested in the whole body of the citizeni as the property of the commonwealth subject to the disposition of the laws.
-
We are decidedly of opinion, that the patents, and the preveft' tion certificates recited in the patents; are not conclusive against this commonwealth, or any person claiming under Pthe act of 3d of April, 1792, of the patentees having perfurried the conditions enjoined on them, although they have pursued the form prescribed by the Land-officers. But we also think that the CircumstancA of recital of such certificates will not, ipso facto, avoid and nullifj the patent, if the actual settlement, improi ement and residence, pointed out by the law, can be established by other proof.
We must repeat on this head, what we asserted on the former, that every case must be governed by its own peculiar circumstances. Until the facts really existing, as to each tract of land, are ascertained with accuracy, the legal conclusion, cannot be drawn with any degree of correctness. Exfacto oriturjue.
2. Here we feel ourselves irresistibly impelled to mention a (W-
ficulty which strikes our minds forcibly. Our reflections on the subject have led us to ask ourselves this question on our pillows:What would a wise, just mnd independent Chancellor decree on the last question t-Execuitory contracts are the peculiar objects of Chancery jasdi tin, and can be specifically enforced by Chancery alone-Equ'ty frms a part of ou law, says the late Chief Justice truly. 1 Dall. 213.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

45

But it ig said that the commonwealth alone can enter HviDEEo-

for

the forfeiture,

and that there is

no private right
·

of PER'S LESSEZ
V.

entry.

DOUGLASS.

But if this is a condition precedent, no right ever
vested, and, therefore, there can be no forfeiture. The

If it had appeared to such a Chancellor, by the pleadings or other proofs, that the purchase money had been fully paid'to the government by the individual for a tract of land under the law of the 3d April, 1792-that times of difficulty and danger had intervened-that sums of money bad been expended to effect an actual settlement, improvement and residence, which had not been.accomplished fully-that by means of an unintentional mniytake on the part of the State-officers in granting him his patent-not led to that mistake by any species of fraud or deception on the part of the grantee-he had been led into an errorand lulled into a confidence that the conditions of the grant had been legally complied with, and, therefore, he had remitted in his endeavours therein :-Would not he think, that under all these circumstances, thus combined, equity would interpose and mitigate the rigid law of forfeiture, by protracting the limited periods ? And would it not be an additional ground of equity, that the political state of the country has materially changed since 1792, by a surrender of the western posts to the government of the United States, and peace with the Indian nations, both which render an immediate settlement of the frontiers, in some measure', less necessary than heretofore i
But it is not submitted to us to draw the line of property to these lands ; they must be left to the cool and temperate decisions of others, before whom the questions of title may be agitated. We are confined to the wager on the matters before us, and on both questions we have given you our dispassionate sentiments, formed on due reflection, according to the best of our judgment. We are interested merely as common citizens, whose safety and hap. piness is involved in a due administration of the laws. We profess and feel an ardent desire that peace and tranquillity should be preserved to the most remote inhabitants of this commonwealth.
The same question was again agitated in the Circuit Court of the United States, in April, 1803, in the case of Balfour's lessee v. Meade. The charge of Judge Washington to the jury, was as follows:
WASHINGTON, Judge.-The importance of this cause led the court to wink at some irregularities in the argument of it at the bar, which has tended to protract it to an unreasonable length.Depending on the construction of laws of the state, and particularly on that of the 3d of April, 1792, it had at first the appearance of a difficult and very complicate" case. It is not easy at the first reading of a long statute, to discover the bearings of one section upon another, so as to obtain a distinct view of the meaning and intention of the legislature. But the opinion I nowejnertain was formed on Saturday before we' parted, open, however, as it always

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

Hutnnuo- only right given was a permission within two years to

1L'SLESSEE V.

enter,

for

the

puipose

of surveying and settiing ;

but

DOUGLASS. this right expired with the two years after the date of

Sthe warrant, or of the close of the war.

is to such alterations as ulterior rctson and argument may produec.
The better to explain, and to understand the subject, it will be; necessary, to take a general view of the diflbrent sections of tho actof the Sd of April, 1792, upon which this cause must turn. Tio first section reduces the price of all vacant land, not previously settled or improved within the limits of the Indian purchase mado in 1768, and all precedent purchases to 50s. for every 100 acresthat of the vacant lands withio the Indian purchase m ade in 1784, lying cast of Alleghany river and Conewango creek to 5. to be granted to purchasers in the manner authorised by former laws.The second section oflbrs for sade all the other lands of the state, lying north and ,vest of the Ohio, Alleghany and Conewango, to persons who will cultivate, inrprovc andzcttlc the simc, or cause it to be done at the price ofG 7. 10.7. per hundred acres, to be located, surveyed and secured as directed by this law. It is to be remarked, that all the above lands lie in diflbrent districts, and are oflbred at different prices. Title to any of them may be acquired by eettleinent, and to all except those lying north and west of the Ohio, Alleghany and Conewango, by warrant-. ithout settlement.
The third section, referring to all the above lands, anthorises ap. plications to the Secretary of the Land.office by any person having setted and improved, or who was desirous to settle and improve u plantation to be partiadarlydescribed, for a warrant for any quantity of land, not exceeding 400 acres; which warrant is to authorise and require the Surveyor general to cause the same to be surveyed, and to make return of it, the grantee paying the purchase money and fees ofoffice.-The eighth section, which I notice in this place, because intimately connected with the third section, directs the Deputy Surveyor to survey and mark the lines of the tract upon tho application of the ,ettler. This survey, I cohceive, has no other validity thani to furnish the particular description which must accompany the application at the Land-office for a warrant.
The fourth section, amongst other regulations, protects the title of an actualsettler, against a warrant entered with the Deputy Surveyor posterior to such actual settlement.
The ninth section, referring exclusively to the lands north and west of the Ohio, Alleghany and Conewango, declares, " that no warrant or survey of lands within that district, shall give a title tnless the grantee has, prior to the date of the warrant, made or caused to be made, or shall, within two years after the (late of it, make or cause to be made an actual settlement, by clearing, fiencing and cultivating two acres at least in each hundred1 acres, erecting thereon. ahouse for the habitation of man, and residing, or ct's1inv ruin-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

47

The land is to be granted to other actual settlers-- HumExo-

this term is explained in the 5th and 10th sections, and PrI'sLESSzr

means those who were actually on the land and had

v

begun their settlement. The commonwealth could DouGLASS.

not grant these lands to actual settlers unless there was

0
ly to reside thereon for five years next followinghis first settling the same, if he shall so long live, and in default of such actual settlement and residence, other actual settlers may acquire title thereto."
Let us now consider this case, as if the law had stopped here. A title to the land in controversy lying north and wcst of the Ohio, Alleghafty and Conewango, could ba acquired in no other manner than by actualsettletivnt-no sum of money could entitle a person to a warrant, unless the application was preceded by actual settlement on the land, orif not so preceded by actual settlement, the warrant would give no title unless it were followed by such settlement within two years thereafter.
The question then is, what constitutes stlch an actual settler within the meaning and intention of this law, as will vest in him an inceptive title so as to authorise the granting to him a warrant ? not a pedisrpositio-not the erection of a cabin, the clearing or cultivation of a field. These acts maydeserve the name of imprcments, but not settlmrt~zt. There must be an occupancy accompanied with a boa fide intention to reside and live upon the land, either in person or by thatof his tenant-to make it the place of his habitation, not at some distant day, but at the time he is improving ; for if this intention be only future, either as to his own personal residence or that of a tenant, then the execution of that intention by such actual residence fixes the date ; the commencement of the settlement, and the previous improvements will stand for nothinir in the calculation.'
The eredtion of a house, and the clearing and cultivating the ground, all or either of them may aflbrd evidence of the quo animo with which it was done-of the intention to settle, but neither or all ail constitute a settlement, if unaccompanied by residence. Suppose, then, improvements made, the person making them, declaring at the time, 'that they were intended for temporary purposes of convenience, and not with a view to settle and reside; couldthis be called an actual settlement within the meaning and intention of the legislature? Surely no: Bu-t though such acts against express declarations of the quo anitI c will not make a settlement, it does not follow that the converqe of the proposition will-for a declaration of an intention to settle without actually carrying that inteution into execution, will not constitute an actua settlement.
How do these principles apply to the case of the plaintiff. In 1793, he leaves the fort at whichi he was stationed, and in which he was an officer, with a few soldiers ; cuts down some trees, erects four or five pens (for not being covered they do not deserie the name of cabins) Aud in fire., six or seven days. having accomplished this

48

SUPREME COURT, U. S.

lIeua o-
E'SLE5ssE
DOUGLASS.
\rant

a private right of entry-for there cannot be actual settlement without actual entry. These expressions of
the act imply as complete a right of entry, as a waritself. By the act of the 22d of April, 1794, vol.
3. p. 581, 636, no warrant can be obtained for unimproved lahds. There must be a previous actual settlement.

work, he returns into the fort to his former place of residence.Why did he retreat so precipitately ? We hear of no danger existing at the time of completing these labours which did not exist. during tile time he was .eng::ged in them. What prevented him from proceeding to cover the cabins and from i'nhabiting them ?Except the state of general hostility which existed in that part of
the country, there is no evidence of a particular necessity for flight in the instance' of this plaintifl: It is most obvioiis that the object of his visit to this wilderness was to erect, what he considered to be improvements; but they were, in fact, uninhabitable by a human being, and consequently could not have been intended tor a present settlemeat. He was, besides, an officer ih the army, and 'whilst in that service he could not settle and reside at his cabin, although the country had been in a state of perfect tranquillity. In
short, his whole conduct, both at that time and afterwards-his own statements when asserting a title to the lands, the recitals in his warrants of acceptance, and certificates of survey, all afford proof which is irresistible, that he did not mean in 1793, to settle. Mistaking the law, as it seems many others have (lone in this respect, he supposed that an improvement was equivalent to a settlkement, for vesting a right to those lands. It is not pretended, even now, nor is it proved by a single witness, not even by Crouse, who assisted in making the improvements, that he contemplited a settlement. it has been asked, could the legislature have meant to
require pcrsnns to sit down for a moment on lands encompassed by dangers from a savage enemy 1I- answer no :-at such a time it was very improbable that men would be found rash enough to make settlements.-But yet no title could be acquired without such a settlement, anti if mcn were found hardy enough to brave the dangers of a savage wilderness, they might be called imprudent men, hut they would also deserve the promised reward, not for their
boldness, btit for their settlement.
The first evidence we have of an intention in the plaintiff to make an actual settlement was in the spring of 1796, long after the actual. bonafide settlement of the defendant with his family, fnr I give no credit to the notice from the plaintiff to the defendant in July, 1795, since, so far from accompanying it with actual settle.
ment, he speaks of a futme settlement which, however, was never carried into execution. Every thing which I have said with respect to the 400 acres surveyed in'the name of George Balfour will ap-
ply afortioriagainst the three other surveys in the name of Elizabeth Balfour, &c. who, it is not pretended, were ever privy even to the making- of the cabins, or ever contemplated a settlement upon those lands.

1EBRUARY, 1805.

It. is not necessary that any act should be done on the part of the commonwealth, becatse there is no title to be defeated. But if she is bound to do any act, the
act of the actual settler is her authorised act. He cannot be a trespasser, because land was vacant.

HutDoKo""a's LV. s"
DOUoLASS.

. If the law then had stopped at the prqviso, it is clear that the plaintiff'never made such a settlement as would entitle him to a warxant. But he excuses himself from having made tucha sele-
*ment as the law required, by urging the danger to which any person attempting a residence in that country, would have been ex-
posed. He relies on the proviso to the ninth section of the law which declares "That if any such actual settler, or any grantee in any such original orsucceedin'g warrant shah, by force ofarms of the enemies of the United States, be prevented from makingsuch actual settlement, or be driven therefrom, and shall persist in his endeayours to make such actual "settlementas aforesaid, then, in either case, he and his heirs shall be entitled to have, and to hold, the said lands in the same manner as if each actual settlement had been made and continued." Evidence has been given of the hostile state
of that country, during the years 1793, 1794, 1795, andthe danger to which settlers woull have been exposed. We know that the treaty at Fort Grenville was signed on the 3d of August, 1795, and ratified the 22d of December in the same year :-although Meade settled with his familyin November, 1795, it is not conclusive proof that there was no danger even then, and at any rate, it would require some little time and preparation, for those who had been driYen offi, to return to their settlements, and if the cause turned upon the question whether the plaintiff had persevered fit his exertions to return and make such settlement, as the law requires, I should leave that question to the jury, upon the evidence they have
heard But the plaintiff, to entitle himself to the benefit of the provisoiishould have had an incipient title at some time or other, and
this could only have been created by actual settlement preceding the necessity which obliges him to seek the benefit of the provimo
--- or by warrant.

I do not mean to say that lhe must have had such an actual settle nent as this section requires, to give a perfect title, fbr if he had built a cabin, and commenced his improvement in stich manner, a-
toafford evidenceofab&nafld intention to reside, and had leien for-
ced off by the enemy, at any stage of his labours, persevering at all
proper times afterwards, in endeavours to return, when le might
safely do so, he would have been saved by the proviso. But it is incumbent on the plairtiff, if lie would excuse himself fron te performance of what has been correctly called a condition precedent, to bring himself fully and fairly within the proviso which msas made for his benefit :-this he has not done.

Decisions in the Supreme Court and in the Common Pleas of thi6 State h:ve been cited at the Bar, two of which I shall notice for the purpose of pointing out the pecaliar mark wlhich distinguishes them fron the present, and to prevent uiy conclusions from being dr-awn

Vol. IlL

H

SUPREME COURT LT. S,

II'TVDEo. Jkift'S LESSEE
V.
'*o. *

By the 15th section of the act, certain holders ofwar. rants theretofore granted are authorised to locate them,
in any district of vacant land in the State, provided that Sthe owners of such warrants "shall be tinder the same regulatio'ns and restrictions, as other owners bfwarrafits taken for lands lying north and west of the Alleghany river and Conewango creek, are made subject by this act;" that is, thdv are to make their settlement in two years from the date of their warrants, althoug4 their ,warrants were more than two years old when the act

from what has been said either to countenafice or impeach those decisions. The cases I allude to are the Holland Company v,Coke, and the feigned issue tried at Sunbury.
The incipient title under which thit plaintiffs claimed in those causes were warrants auth.rtsed by the third section of the law. The incipient title in the present case is settlimient. The former was'to be completed by settlement, survey, and patent. This to precede the warrant, and for the most distinct /lxplanation of this distinction it will be important to ascertain what acts will constituic an actual settler to whom a warrant may issue, and what constitute an actual settlement as the foundation of a title. I have before explained who may be an actual settler to demand a warrant, namely one who has gone upon and occupied land with a bonafidc intention of an actual present residence, although he should have been conipelled.to abandon his settlement by the pubhi enemies in the first stages of his settlement :-bit actual settlement, intended by the 9th section, consists in clearing, fencing, and, cultivating two acres of grbund at least on each one hundred acres, erecting a house thereon, fit for the habitation of man and a residence continued for five vears next following his firsstettling, if he shall so long live. This kind of settlement more properly deserves the name of' improve. ,nents, as the diffbrent acts to be performed clearly import. This will satisfactorily explain what at first appeared to be an abstirdity in that part oftlie proviso which declares that " if such actual 'jet. ier shall be prevented from making such actual settlemzent," &c. the plain meaning is, that if a person has once occupied land -with n intention of residing, though lie has neither cleared or fenced any land, and is forced oil' by the en~emies of the United Statep befirc he could make the improvements, and continue thereon for fave years ; having once had an incipient title, he shall be excused by the necessity which prevented his doing what the law required(, and in the m~anncr required :-or if the warrant holder who likewise has an incipient title .althoughhe never put his foot upon the land
shall be prevented by the same cause from making these improve. ments, &c. he too shall be excused ii, as is required also ofthe settler, he has persevered in his endeavours to make those improvemnents, &c.
But whit it becomes such a grantee to do before he can claim a patent, or even a good title, is qjuite another question, upon which I 91%C no oimnion.

FEBRUARY, 18o.

51

passcd. This can only be done by giving a construc-
tion to this section similar to that which we contend ought to.be given to the 9th.

1lUDE=O
V .e'sLes," DoUGLAss.

TV. Tilghman, on the same side.

The treasury of Pennsylvania was overflowing by the sales of lands between 1784 and 1792. '1 he utmost that has been received from the sale of the lands under the act of 1792, including the tract called the triangle, is 500,000 dollars.

There are two descriptions of persons contemplated by the act. 1st. The monied men who could procure settlerm-and, 2d. the hardy but poor actual suttler, who was to have a credit of ten years for his purchase money. The State did not want money ; but a barrier. Population, and not revenue, was the object.The actual settlement of the land was the .sine qua non

As to the plaintifPs surveys and warrants, they cMnnot give him a title. Not the surveys. 1st. Because they are-a Tnere description of the land which the surveyor is authorised by the eighth section to make, and the applicant for the warrant is airected by the third section to lodge in the Land Office at the time he applies for the warrant. It is merely a demarcation, a special location of the land intended to be appropriated, :od gives notice of the bounds thereof, that others mav be able to make adjoining locations without danger of interference ; this is not such a survey as is returnable so as to lay the foundation of a patent. 9d. It is unof authorised by a warrant. 3d. It was not for an actual settler. 4th. It was not made by an authorised surveyor, if you believe, uponthe evidence, that the authortv to Steel was antedated, and given after the survey was returned.-Not the warrant. 1st. Because it was not a warrant of title, but of acceptance. 2d. It is not founded on settleinent but imprrvc. -nent, and if it had recited the consideration to be actual settlement, the recital would have been false in fact, and could have produced no legal valid consequence.
As to the caveat; the effcct of it was to close the doors of the Land Office against the further progress of the plaintifll'in perfecting his title. The dismission ofit again opened the door, but still the question as to title is open for examination in ejectment, if brought -Within six months, and the patent will issue to the successful party.
The plaintiff, therefore, having failed to show a title sufficient to enablehim to recover in this action, it is unnecessary to say any thing about the defendant's title and your verdict ought to bt for the dec fendant.
The jury found for the defendant.

SUPREME COU1RT U. S.
HUvi-Ivid- of the contract. This appears from the whole tenor of PEn'S LESSEE the act itself, as well as from the general circumstan-
V.
DOTGLASS. ces and policy of the State.
The term actual settler has twro different significations, as used in the act. But there can be no settlement without actual personal residence. An actual settler sometimes means a person who is 'on the land with an intent to remain-and sometimes it means, fencing, clearing, cujtivating, building, and residing five years. By the act of 30th December, 1786, 2 vol. p. 488, it is declared, " that by a settlement shall be understood, an actual,personal,resident settlement, with a manifest intention of making it a place of abode, and the means of supporting a family, and continued from time to time, unless interrupted by the enemy, or by going on the military service of this country during the war." Thus, the word settlement, in the 8th section, is used in its common acceptation. It is merely the inception of title ; but the settlement mentioned in the 9th section, is the completion of title. The 9th section was intended to define more exactly what kind of settlement should vest a title.
There being then no settlement without residence, and no time of residence prescribed,' except the five years, if there has not been such a residence, there has been no residence, and if no residence, no settlement. Settlement, therefore, includes both improvement and residence.
Every tract of 400 acres Was to be specifically settled. The misfortune of the Holland Company was, that they undertook an impossibility. They had gaged to settle 1162 tracts in two years.
The words " in default," &c. show that 'settlement was the main object. It is improbable that theproviso should be intended totally to defeat the great object of actual settlement ; and yet that would be its effect, if the war should continue for two years, which, at the time of passing the act, was a very probable event.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

53

Much reliance has been placed on the words "as if;"
yet on our construction we allow them their full effect. The settlement was to be made in two years ; but says the proviso, if you shall be prevented from making it within two years, and persist until it be accomplished, you shall hold the land as if it hadbeen made' within the two years according to the enacting clause.

HU"'DEKO. PER'S I,L.SE
V.
DOUGLASS,

But if persisting two years in time of war gives a complete title, the' proviso gives the purchaser in time of war better terms, than the enacting clause gives to a purchaser in time of peace. For the latter is obliged to settle and reside five years, while the former gets the land with,
out any such condition.

But say they, the proviso operates in favour of those only who have been prevented from iniproving. Suppose a man has improved, but is driven away before the end of his five years' residence: upon their construction he would lose his land, while that of the man who has
done nothing would be saved.

We admit that persistance is not required during the war'; for it would be idle to impose unavailing efforts; and-the question, what is persistance? would open a door :to endless litigation. One jury would decide one way and another the contrary. The persisting is to begir%
when the war cfases.

If actual settlement means only improvement, it would be absurd to say made and continued. The wordcontinued cannot apply to a thing which when once done is done forever.
There was the same reason for settlement after the war,
as during its existence.

Ingersoll, in Reply.

Three questions arise in this case.

1st. Are endeavours persisted in, accepted by the act as a substitute for actual settlement and residence ?

auPREME COURT U. S.

'iEr',o-
ra'siV..rsst.
DocGLASS.

2d. For what period must those endeavouis bc continued, so as to operate asa dispensation with the conuition, and amount to such substitute ?
3d. If a forfeiture has heen incurred, who is to talre advantage of it? Actual settlers, or the commonweahh ?

1st. Does the act contemplate a persistance in endcayours as a substitute for actual settlement and resdtnie ?

It may be necessary first to ascertain the meaning of
the words improvenlent, settlement and residence, both in their general import, and in the appropriate sense in which they are used in the act of 1792.

By improvement is understood clearing, cultivating, or building on land previously unappropriated. In (cIgrec it is infinitely various, from the blazing of a tree viLh a tomahawk to the highest degree of cultivation.

The first improver has generally been favoured in Pennsylvania. But by the present act he has no pretertnce, except in cbrtain specified cases.

Improvement and settlement are not convertible terms. There may be improvement without settlement, but there cannot be -settlementwithout improvement.
Settlement, in the order of things, is subsequent to improvement, and includes it. It signifies a place on which a person lives after having made an improvement, with or without his family.

Whenever the residence commences, the settlement is computed from the time that the improvement was
first tenanted.

The act of assembly adopts words of a previously as.
'ertained import. Warrant, survey, improvement and settlement were an inception of and gave to the warrantee a defeasible title. The patents were not to issue until after five vears' residence, when the right was complete and indefeasible.

Payment of the purchase money, warrant and survey gave a defeasible title, inchoate, and possessor). Thi-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

55

right, whatever it was, was liable to forfeiture by a non. Hunznic:. compliance, with the terms of the act. Residence is a VER'S LESSr

continued settlement.

])oUGLAS.

Improvement, as described in the act, settlement, and residence 'for five years next following the first settlement, were conditions precedent, not to a possessory, but to an absolute title, unless prevention by war should furnish an excuse.

That improvement, settlement, and residence are used in the act as successive, and distinct terms is evident from the act itself.

The 5th section speaks of land settled and improved; the 7th of actual settlement and improvement-and the 9th of actual settlement and residence; and of actual settlement made and continued.

The settlement, including .such an improvement as is
described in the law, is to commence within "tvoyears from the date of the warrant. The residefice for five years is to commence from thefirst settling. Hence residence is a continuationof settlement' not a constituent part of it.

It is true that the legislature, when declaring by what
means a settlement shall be made, have included a residence of five years, but the absurdity of including a residencq of five years in a settle'meni to be made in two years, evidently shows that they have admitted an error in their language. It is clear that they do not mean what they say, and the question is, what did they mean to say? To make the least possible alteration in the words so as to
express their meaning is to substitute the future tense for the participle-shall reside, instead of" residing." This removes all the difficulties of the language and throwgreat light upon the whole act. TI-e sentence will then read
thus : "no warrant shall vest any itle in the lands unless the grantee shall, within two years from the date of such warrant, make an actual settlement thereon by clearing,
fencing and cultivating at least two acres for every hundred, erectingthereon a messuage forthe habitation of man,
and shall reside thereon for the space of-five years next -following his first settlingof the same." If then the word " residing" be r~jected for its substitute, shal reside.

56

SUPREME COURT U, S.

Hvinrmo- there is nothing in the act to justify the proposition that PER'SLESszE setdement includes five years' residence. There is not

DOUQLASS. another Word in the whole act which can suggest such an
~ idea: on the contrary, there are many expressions totally
repugnant to the supposition.

Having thus endeavoured to ascertain the meaning of the terms, improvement, settlement and residence, let us consider the meaning of the proviso.

'We contend that if the grantee has, by force of arms
of the enemies of the United States, been prevented from making an actual settlement within two years 'after tho date of his warrant, having during that time persisted in his endeavours to make such settlement such persistance, though ineffectual, is accepted as .a substitute for actual
settlement and residence.;

We admit that it was with a hope that hardy adventur-
ers would effect an establishment reaching from the Ohio to lake Erie, and cut off the intercourse between the northern and the western Indians, that the assembly of Pennsylvania passed the law in question, It was at a time when the President of the United States was preparing to hold a treaty of peace with the western Indians at Detroit; and in the same session they authorised the emploment of a military force to aid and strengthen those who were exposed on the frontiers. We agree that it was to encou rage the immediate actual residence of bold but poor men, that the legislature required no purchase money for ten
years from such as p/aded themselves upon the lands and began settlements. To this description of adver1nturtrs, they gave a further security by protecting them against all warrants not entered in the boos of'the surveyor of the district at the time the §ettler fixed himself on the land.
From such 4s inclined to pay money and operate by placing tenants on the land and giving such'tenants bounties
for settling, they required a prompt co-operation with the actual settlers in accomplishing the great undertak-
ing.

Let it be recollected that the person who claimed by actual settlement could hold but one tract, the warrant-
holder as many as he could pay for, using only differ-

FEBRUARY, 1805.

ant names which is perfectly known to be but matter of for'in.. The warrantees were obliged to place a settler on each tract within two years from the date of the warrat, if there should be peacef and at all events to be
ready, and make the attempt to support the settlers, if the war should continue. Thus they made, it the interest of both~descriptions, operators with money, 'and operators with labour, to make a joint and steady effort
for two years to realize-the expectations formed of this
new barrier.

HuixzIt6"s's Lssr
DoUGLASS.

Here it may not be improper to remind the court that, as the law of Pennsylvania then stood, any alien might purchase and hold-land in that state. It has been said.that the act was not intended to give an opportu. nity for speculation; it was certainly intended that foreigners should buy any quantity of land, to the extent of their means of payment.

.We do not wish to treat this subjecttechnically-but eros *the very nature of the property, and the con-
dition, as expressed in the law, the grantee has a right to enter -upon the land, maintain suits for 'its reco-
very or defence, take the profits, alienate, moktgage it, bind it by suffering judgments, transmit it to heirs, subject only to the conditions of the original grant.

Suppose there had been no proviso: take the enactinj clause of the -section absolutely by itself, what would be the condition of the holders of warrants,
dated iri 1792, and 1793
The warrantee might enter, fiay, he ivas bound to enter, by the nature of. his grant--the public enemy prevents him.-The state and the United States are unable -toprotect him. Without any laches in him,, the performance of the condition becomes impossible by the act of-the public enemy. Woiid the common lawt say that the- estate should be lost?

Are not these conditions what the law terms subse-

quent ? If precedent, no interest could arise. The

warrantee could exert no act of 61vnership, until the

Vol: I.

T

SUPREME COURT U. S.
I1U-KO- conditions were all performed. Here, his performance PER'S LESSEE depends upon his being exclusively the possessor and
V.
DOUGLASS. owner.
In one sense of the word, all conditions are preeedent; that is, they ought to be performed before the estate becomes absolute ; but in law, those only are termed precedent which must be performed before the grantee can enter upon the estate, or recover at law.
Conditions subsequent, refer to cases where the party may immediately take and enjoy the grant, but perform afterwards, having, in the mean time, a qualified title, and the right of possession. Is it not a settled and a reasonable rule, that conditions tending to defeat an estate once qualifiedly vested, shall be con. strued strictly ? and also, that courts will hold a con. dition to be either precedent, or subsequent, according to the intent of the party creating it, whatever be the form of words, and when the same words may con. stitute either the one or the other, according to the nature of the case?
We are to show that there is a substitute for actual performance ; what that substitute is, will be a subject of inquiry under the 2d head.
The legislature considered two years as a reasonable time after the date of the warrant, in which to complete the specified improvements, in a season of peace. A distint wilderness was to be explored, provisions to be collected and transported ; clearing, cultivating, and building, where ltbourers were scarce, were difficult and of slow progress. Actual settlement within, two years Was of indispensable necessity, in'order to obtain full title, unless prevented by the enemies of the United States.
The question then offered itself to the legislature, 'shall the continuance of the war release the condition, 4nd-endeavours be equivalent to performance ?

FEBRUARY, 1805.

We contend that the principle of the proviso is, that if the warrantee does what he can according to circumstances, he shall not be injured on account of the war, nor thereby be delayed in the acquisition of
his title.

HuzmE.o.
PzFt'S LSSEEZ
DouGLASL

The price of the lands, and the terms of purchase,
were fixed upon the basis of peace. Twenty dollars per hundred acres, with the condition of settlement and
residence was a full consideration in a time of peace. The legislature could not expect to get better terms in a time of war. As the price was to be the same in war and peace, the modification, must be in the terms ef the condition of settlement and residence.

If with the same price you exact similar conditions
of settlement and residence at an indefinite aistance
of time, and after an intervening war, during the whole of which you fequire a constant persistance in endeavours to make such settlement, you, in effect, increase, you double or multiply the sum to be paid as the'consideration of the land; and in addition -to the
original terms of price, settlement and residence, you gain the use of the money, and the co-operation of individuals in forming that barrier; which was one of the great objects of the act; the purchaser loses both the interest of his money and the use of his land. It is impossible, therefore, to require endeavours during, and accomplishment after the war, and that the purchaser does not pay a higher price for'the land on ac-
count of the war.

It becomes important to consider whether the en. deavours were to be persisted in during the war; for
we have been lately told for the first time, that peivst, means desist during the war, and after the war it again means persist.

It is adftiitted that a frontier of hardy inhabitants to oppose against the incursions of the savage enemy
was a leading consideration with the legislature; it was natural for them to wish attempts to settle might be made during the war. It was acknowledged to be

SUPREME COURT U. S.

14 ,07Z-o-
ER'S-VL.ESSEM
DOUOLASS.
\.w-Nem./

unreasonable that the hazardous experitnent should be made at the expense of the adventurers. The event
was doubtful. Hopes of success were however en. tertained. Thd law contemplated the disposal of two millions of acres. What number of persons might be induced to share in its undertaking, was uncertain.

But the words of the act admit of no doubt that the persisting was to be in a time of war. If the grantee
shall be prevented by the enemy, and shall -persist in his endeavours-that is, in his endeavours to surmount the obstacle which prevented the settlement, namely, the force of arms of the enemies of the United States, hen, &c.

2d. What is the period of time during which the
'medeavours were to be continued, in order to effect a release of the condition, and amount to a substitute for performance?

As twb years from the date of the warrant was the time in which the settlement was to be milde, if there had been no prevention, we say that perseverance in endeavours during the'same period in a time of war,
was all which the legislature required;

Because, without tle proviso, the estate of the grantee
would then have become absolute at common law, and the proviso, being ibr the benefit of the grantee, shall not place him in a worse situation than if it had not been in# serted.

Because, to adopt the principle which is urged against us, that we ought to commence in a reasdnable time after the removal of the force; is worse than forfeiture, as it .introduces infinite confusion and endless controversy.

Because, taking possession, clearing, fencing, cultivating and building, are no where in the law required of the warrante after two years fR.om the date of the warrant, and persjistance xmust relate tQ the ac of taking and main-
taining possession,

FEBIUARY, 18g5.

61

Because, the law does not provide for -cases of interraption by war for more than two years; and to require longer efforts would be lngthening the persistance to the end of the war, and five years afterwards; which would be inconsistent with the last clause of the proviso, giving absolute estates alter certain persistance had failed. And,

Hfilnnxo.
PEa' LESSz
Do1oULA.5

Because, if the persistance had been construed to be indefinite, no man of any prudence among ourselves, and no foreigner or individual, would have advanced a dollar on those lands.

No man could, on that idea, conjecture when he might get a title - the war might continue ten years; the country might be restored to the Indians for a stipulated time ; or settlements might have been prohibited by the United States ; ahd in all these events the purchaser ivould have lost his money and labour.

The legislature departed from the common law, in requiring a persistance during the war. For what purpose? To carry a favourite point. An establishment of settlers from Presqu' isle to the Ohio. What do they promise for this extra requisition? An absolute title, if the exertions for two years should be ineffectual;

But he is to " persist in his endeavours to make such actual settlement as (Lforesaid;"that is, within two years from the date of the warrant. No other kind of settlement, and no other time is prescribed. But he cou!d not
persist to make such actual settlement within tv o years from the date of the warrant, after those two years had
expired ; and a settlement made after the two years could
not have availed.

3d. If the persistance must be for more than two kears, when will it end ? Where is the term at which the
legislature has said the estate shall become absolute? If the grantee get possession at the end of the five years, must he go still further and reside five years ? There can be no pretence for persisting five years, because, without
a settlement made, there is no epoch fiom which the five years are to begin to run; and there can be no settlement mnade but within two years frqm the date of the warrant.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

11iDEvo. PFa'S LrSSErE
V.e
DOUGLAS.

If no settlement within the two years, no question cait ever arise respecting the five years.
c
4th. If the proviso has any meaning different from the common law, respecting force of arms of a public enemy, it certainly means to impose a new duty upon the grantee, and to give him an equivalent.

What was the new duty? Persistance for two years, whether the country was at peace or war.

What was the equivalent ? Substitution of ineffectual, though sincere persistance in endeavours for actual settlement.

What was the motive for this departure from the common law ? A sanguine hope of removing the eneniy to a great distance from our old settlements, by blocking'up the pass through which they so easily entered.

With this construction of the act, every proceeding of the state, and of the grantees, will perfectly harmonize.

But if the meaning be doubtful, and resort should be had to the common law, such a construction would be made, as might confirm the estate, and quiet a bona fide purchaser ; and no construction could possibly be adopted 'which would repeal such an express stipulation in favour
of the grantee, as is contained in the last clause of the pro.
viso.

5th. If a fQrfeiture has incurred, or if the title has reverted to the state, by the deftult of the grantee, by whom can advantage be taken ? By individuals or by the state, and in what method?

We contend by the state only. And we rely upon ge-
neral principles-on the reason and convenience of the thing--on the express provisions of the legislature,' and on the decisions of the state judges, without a dis~entient voice, or the expression of a .doubt.

If any individual may enter upon the tenant of the 1lollqnd Company whenever he shall choose to say that

FEBRUARY, 1805.

the settlement is not completed in due time, they may be HuzDzro. disposscssed of every. foot of land they have taken up. R'S

Numbers and strength are against them.

DouG.Lass.

It is a general principle of law; that the commonwalth
can only take by inquest of office, of entitling, or of instruction. The title of the sovereign must appear on record..

This rule is founded in good sense and propriety, and is inforced, in this instance, by a further rule, that who-
ever comes into possession with tide, or by law, shall not
be dispossessed without process.

If uninformed individuals, under the influence of bias, and passion, are to decide the question of forfeiture, and to enter on the lands at their discretion, stay as long as
they please before they apply for a warrant, and so in succession, upon the idea either of forfeiture or failure in persistance in endeavours to settle, innumerable mischiefs and endless confusion will indeed ensue.

The legislature foresaw the great inconveniences that would result from constituting every needy adventurer a judge of their meaning in this law, and have, therefore, marked out the mode in which advantage shall be taken of a default in the grantee, by providing, that in default
of actual settlement and residence the commonwealth may grant new warrants to other actual settlers. The commonwealth, thercbre, is to be satisfied in the first place that the default has been made, and in the second place, that the applicant is such an actual settler as may purchase, and in the third place, a warrant must issue to
e applicant before he can have any right to enter.

By the terms other actualsettlers, the legislature meant
persons who were willing to come under engagements to settle; persons who will purchase the land subject to the condition of settlement ; or, in the language of the second section of the act, "1who will cultivate, improve, and settle the same," not who have cultivated, improved and settled; or in the language, of the 3d section, " who are
desirousto settle.and imnprove."

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HuiDEKo-
"nER)SLESSEE
V.
DOUGLASS.

Lewvis, on the same side.
The proviso does not relate to the residence. A set-
tlement may be made aid not continued. If a man, has completed his settlement, and is driven off by the enemy before he has finished the five years' residence, we say the residence is dispensed with ; for he is only to persist in endeavours tomake the settlement; and if the settlement is already made, he cannot be required to persist in his endeavours to make it. 'That Oart of the proYiso, therefore, relative to persistance, does not appy to him who has finished his settlement The proviso as to him wil read thus, that if such actual settler shall be driven from his settlement, he shall be entitled to hold in the same manner as if the settlement had been continued. Our construction, therefore,-does not involve the consequence which gentlemen have supposed.

There is a passage of the act which has not been no-
ticed, and which strongly implies that residence is not included in settlement. It is this': "And that in default of such actual settlement and residence, it shall and may be lawful to and for this commonwealth to issue new warrants to other actual settlers for the said lands, or any part thereof, reciting the original warrants, and that actual settlements and residence have not been made in pursuance thereof, andso as often as defaults shall be made."
If settlement -includes the five .ears' rtgidence, then an actual settler is a person who hasmade an actual settlemt-nt by clearing, fencing, cultivating, building and r'sid-
ing five years on the land. If on default the commonwealth is to grant the land to such an actual settler only, there never can be but one default, because the second warrantee will have complied with all the requisites for a full and absolute title bfore the warrant is granted. The words, and so as often as defaults shall be made, would, in such case, be nugatory and nonsenical.

No argument can be drawn from the 15th section ; for it does not follow that because one section requires a particular constructioi different words, relative to a different
subject in another section, must have a similar construction. It onhy shows, what we all ahgree is the fact, that the act is very inaccurately drawn, and cannot be understood wrrording t6 it-, strict kIttcr.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

Wednesday, February 27.

ITUInzEo.
PZt I'S VL*ESSX!

MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court DooGL.S. as follows :

Tlfe questions which occurred in this case, in the circuit court of Pennsylvania, and on which the opi-
nion of this court is required, grow out of the act passed by the leg*slature of that state, entitled " an act for the sale of tle vacant lands within this commonwealth."

Tke 9th section of that act, on which the case principally depends, is in these words, " and be it further enacted," &kc.

The questions to be considered, relate particularly to the proviso of this section ; but to construe that correctly, it will be necessary to understand the enacting clause, which states what is to be performed by the purchaser- of a warrant, before the title to the lands described tberein, shall vest in him.
Two classes of purchasers are contemplated.
The one has already performed every condition of the sale, and is about to pay the consideration money; the other pas the consideration money in the first instance, and is afterwards to perform the conditions. They are both described in the same sentence, and from each, an actual settlement is required as indispensable to the completion of the title.
'In describing this actual settlement, it is declared that it shall be made, in the case of a warrant previously granted, within two )ears next after the date of such warrant, " by clearing, fencing, and cultivating, at least, two acres for every hundred acres contained in one survey, erecting thereon, a messuage for the habitation of man, and residing. or causing a family to reside thereon, for The space of five years next follovinig his first settling of the same, if he or she shalR so long live."
Vol. I1.

66

SUPREME COURT U. S.

RuDzKo- The manifest impossibility of completing a resi. PER'S .ESSEE dence of five years, within the space of two years,
Do GLAss. would lead to an opinion, that the part of the descrip.
~ tion relative to residence, applied to those only iho"
had performed the condition before the payment of the purchase money ; and not to those who were to perform it afterwards. But there are subsequent parts of the act which will not admit of this construction, and, consequently, residence is a condition required from the person who settles under a warrant, as well as from one who entitles himself to a warrant by his .settlement.

The law requiring two repugnant and incompatible
things, is incapable of receiving a literal construction, and must sustain some change of language to be rendered intelligible. This change, however, ought to be as small as possible, and with a view to the sense of the legislature, as manifested by themselves. The reading
suggested by the counsel for the plaintiff, appears to be most reasonable, and to comport best with the general language of the section, and with the nature of'the
subject. It is by changing the participle into the future tnse of the verb, and instead of, " and residing, or causing a famiy to re.'ide there," and shall reside, &c. The effect of this correction of language, will be to destroy the repugnancy which exists in the act as it stands, and to reconcile this part of the sentence to that which immediately follows, and which absolutely demonstrates that in the vie-w of the legilature, the settlement and the residence consequent thereon, were distinct parts of the condition ; the settlement to be made within the space of two years from the date of the warrant, and the residence in five years from the
commencement of the settlement.

This construction is the more necessary, because
the very words, " such actual settlement and resi-
dence," which prove, that residence is required from the warrantee, prove also, that settlement and residence are, in contemplation of the law, distinct opera-
tion.. In the nature of things, and from the usual import of words, they are also distinct. To make a

FEB1LUARY, 1805.

67

settlement, no more requires a residence of five, than a residence of five hundred years: and of consequence,
it is much more reasonable to understand the legislature as requiring the residence for that term, in addition to a settlement, than as declaring it to be a component part of a settlement.

HuwxPRo. PEats Lessr.
DOUGLAS$. .-.- '.-'

The meaning of the terms settlement and residence .eing understood, the court will proceed to consider
the proviso.

That part of the act treats of an actual settler, (under which term is intended, as well the person who makes his settlement the foundation" of his claim to a warrant, as a warrantee who had made an actual settlement in performance of the conditions annexed to his purchase) and of " any grantee in any such original or succeeding warrant ;" who must be considered as contradistinguished from one who had made an actual settlement. Persons thus distinctly circumstanced,
are brought together in the same sentence, and terms are used appropriate to the situation of each, but not applicable to both. Thus, the idea of "1an actual settler," " prevented from making an actual settlement," and after "being driven therefrom," " persisting in
his endeavours," to make it, would be absurd. To apply to each- class of purchasers, all parts of the proviso would involve a contradiction in terms. Under such circumstances, the plain and natural mode of construing the act, is to apply the provisions distributively to the description of persons to whom they are adapted, reddendo singula singulis. The proviso then would read thus, " Provided always, neverthe-
less, that if any such actual settler shall be driven from his settlement, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States ; or any grantee. in any such original or succeeding warrant, shall, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, be prevented from making such actual settlement, and shall persist in his endeavours, to make such actual settlement as aforesaid, then, in either case, he and his heirs shall be entitled to have and to hold the said lands, in the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HtTzDFIo-
Oa's LESSRF V
DOUGLASS.
%siuy-nvo/

same manner, as if the actual settlement had been made and continued."
The two cases are, the actual settler, who has been driven from his settlement, and the warrantee, who has been prevented'from making a settlement, but has persisted ih his endeavours to make one.

It is perfectly clear, that in each case, the proviso
substitutes something for the settlement to be made, within two years, from the date of the warrant, and
for the residence to continue five years from the commencement of the settlement, both of which were re. quired in the enacting clause.

What is that something?

The proviso answers, that in the case of an " actual settler," it is his being "driven from his settlement by force ofarmsof the enemies of the United States," and in case of his being a grantee of a warrant not having settled, it is "persisting in his endeavours to make such
actual settlement." In neither case, is residence or
persisting in his'endeavours, at residence required. Yet the legislature had not forgotten, that by the enacting clause, residence was to be added to settlement ;
for in the same sentence, they say, that the person who comes within the proviso, shall hold the land " as if
the actual settlement had been made and continued."

It is contended on the part of the defendant, that as
the time during which persistance shall continhe, is not prescribed, the person claiming the land must persist until he shall have effected both his settlement and re.
sidence, as required by the enacting clause of the act. That is, that the proviso dispenses with the time, and only with the time, (luring which the condition is to be performed.

But the words are not only inapt for the expression of such an intent; they absolutely contradict it.

FEBRUARY, 1805.

If the proviso be read, so as to be intelligible, it re-
quires nothing from the actual settler, who has been
driven from his settlement. He is not to persist in his
endeivours at residence, or, in other, words, to continue his settlement, but is to hold the land. From the warrantee who has been prevented from making a settlement, no endeavours at residence are required. He is to " persist in his endeavour'," not to make, andto continue suchactual settlement, but "to make such actual settlement as aforesaid." And if he does persist in those endeavours, he is to hold the land, " as if the actual settlement had been made and con. tinued." The construction of the defendant would makr the legislature sa., in substance, that if the warrantee shall persist in endeavouring to accomplish a partic lar-object, until he does accomplish it, he should hold the land as if he had accomplished it. But independent of the improbability, that the intention to dispense, only with., the time in which the condition was to be performed, would be expressed in the language which has been noticed, there are terms used, which seem to restrict the time during which a persistance in endeavours is required. , The warrantee is to persist in-his endeavours, " to make such actual settle-
ment as aforesaid." Now, " such actual settlement as afosesaid," is an actual settlement within two years from the date of the warrant. As it could only be made within two years, a persistance in endeavouring to make it, coufd ouly continue for that time.

HuxiDro. VLZ.S"S'Zt
DoGCLCSS.

It, afteri being prevented from making an actual set-
tlement, and persisting in endeavours, those endeayours should be,successful within the two years after which the person should be driven off, it is asked, what would be his situation ?

The answer is a plain one. By persisting, he has become an actual settler ; and the part of the proviso
which applies to actual settlers, protects him.

If, after the two years, he should be driven off, he is still protected. The application of external violence dispenses with residence. The court feels itself bound

SUPREME COURT U. S.
11-D-0o- to say so, because the proviso contains a substitutet,
V R'SVLE. SSEE which, in such a state of things, shall be received inDOUGLASS. stead of a performance of the conditions required by
Sthe enacting clause ; and of that substitute, residence forms no part.
In a great variety of forms, and with great strength, it has been argued, that the settlement of the country was the great object of the act ; and that tho construction of the plaintiff would defeat that object.
That the exclusive object of an act to give lands to settlers, would be the settlement of a country, will be admitted ; but that an act to sell lands to settlers, must have for its exclusive object, the settlement of the country, cantiot be so readily conceded. In attempting to procure settlements, the treasury was certainly not forgotten. How far those two objects might be consulted, or how far the one yielded to the other, is only to be inferred from the words in which the legislative intention has been expressed. How far the legislature may have supposed the peopling of the district in question, to have been promoted by encouraging actual settlements, though a subsequent residence on them should be rendered impracticable by a foreign enemy, can only be shown by their own language. At any rate, if the legislature has used words, dispensing with residence, it is not for the court to say they could not intend it, unless there were concomitant expressions, which should explain those words in a man. ner different from their ordinary import. There are other considerations in favour of the construction, to which the court is inclined.
This is a contract ; and although a state is a party, it ought to be construed according to those well established principles, which regulate contracts generally.
The state is in the situation of a person who holds forth to the world, the conditions on which he is willing to sell his property.

FEBRUARY,- 1805.

71

If he should couch his propositions in such ambigu-
ous terms, that they might be understood differently,
in consequence of which, sales were to be made, and the purchase money paid, he would come with an ill grace into court, to insist on a latent and obscure meaning, which should give him back his property, and permit him to retain the purchase money. All those-principles of equity, and of fair dealing, which constitute the basis of judicial proceedings, require that courts should lean against such a construction.

Huinxto-
P'1's .IsS"C DOUGLASS:

It being understood, that the opinion of the court on the two first questions, has rendered a decision of
the third unnecessary, no determination respecting it has been made.

It is directed, that the following opinion be certified to the circuit court.

Certifcateof the Opinion.

1st. That it is the opinion of this court, that under the act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, paised the 3d day of April, A. D. 1792, entitled "An act for the sale of the vacant lands within this commonwealth," the grantee, by a warrant of a tract of land lying north and west of tie rivers Ohio and Alleghany and Conewango creek, who, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, vas prevented from settling and improving the said land,
and from residing thereon from the 10th of April, 1793, the date ofthe said warrant, until the 1st ofJanuary, 1796; but who, during the said period, persisted in his endeayours to make such settlement and residence, is excused from making such actual settlement as the enacting clause of the 9th section of the said law prescribes to vest a title
in the said grantee.

2d. That it is the opinion of this court, that a warrant
for a tract of land lying north and west of the rivers Ohio and .Alleghany and Conewango creek, granted in the
year 1793, under and by virtue of an act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, entitled "An act for selling the vacant lands ofthis commonwealth," to aperson, who, by force of arms of the enemies of the United States, was

SUPREME COURT U. S.

1, DEYKo- prevented from settling and improving the said land, and ?ER'S LESSEE from residing thereon from the date of the said warrant

.DoUGLASS.
.period,

until the 1st of January, 1796, but who, during the said persisted in his endeavours to make such settle-
ment and residence, vests in such grantee a fee simple in the said land, although, after the said prevention ceased,
-he did not commence, and within, the space of two years thereafter, clear, fence and cultivate, at least two acres for eVery hundred acres contained in his survey for the said
land, and-erect thereon a messuage for the habitation of man, and reside, or cause -a family to reside thereon, fov the space of five years next following his first settling of the same; the said grantee being yet in full life.

JoHNsoN, J. I concur in the decision given by the court in this cAse ; but thdre was a question suggested and Sommented on in the argument which has iot been noticed by" the court,-but which appears to me to meri some consideration.

It was inquired by the couisel for the defendant, should
the court, adopt the principle, that persistance for two years is to be substituted for an actual settlement and residence, what is to be the effect of a partial prevention? Is the warrantee to be stibjected to the necessity of making good his settlement, should the prevention cease or commence at any point of time during' the two years without any, or under what limitation?

-It is undoubtedly true, that any construction of a sta. tute which will produce absurqities, or consequences in
direct violatioi of its own provisions, is 'to be avoided. It were better not to depart from their literal signification than to involve consequences so inconsistent with the
nature and very idea of legislation. "But it does not ap-
pear to me that any embarrassment will attend the con-
struction of this act which the court has adopted; that the case of a partial duration of the existence.of the preventing cause is not within the view of the proviso; that
it is not excepted from.the operation of the enacting clause. It would be absurd to impose upon the warrantee the necessity of performing in a few months, perhaps at
the most inconvenient season of the year, a condition for which the act proposes to hold out to him an indulgence

FEBRUARY, 1805.

73

of two years; when prevented too by a cause not within his controul, and against which the state was bound to
protect him. If such were the case now before the court. I should be of 6pinion that we must resort to general
principles for a deision. With regard to the performance of conditions, it is a well known rule, that obstructions
interposed by the act of God, or a public enemy, shall excuse from performance, so far as the effect ofsuch preventing cause necessarily extends.

HuxDzxo. "1's LESSZ1 DourLASS.

in cases of partial prevention, I should tberdfore be of
opinion, that it would be incumbent upon the warrantee to satisfy thie cpurt that he had complied with the conditions imposed by the act, so far as he was not necessarily prevented by the public enemy.

It may appear singular that a deficiency, of a single
-day perhaps, should produce so material an alteration in the rights or situation of the warrantee. But the legislature of Pennsylvania were fully competent to make what statutory provisions they thought proper upon the subject ; and the court is no further responsible for the effect of the words which they have used to express their intent, than to endeavour to give a sensible and consistent operation to them in every case that can occur.

THE UNITED STATES v. HOOE, ET AL.* Saturday, February23.

TurnUmvz
STATRS
Hoo'zV, . AnD oTHzRs.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Columbia.

Mjifason, attorney of the United States for that district,
on the I 7th of August, 1801, filed a bill in equity against Robert T. Hooe, W. Herbert, 7ohn C. Herbei,and the
executors, widow and heirsof Col 7ohn Fitzgerald late coll-ctor of the customs for the port of Alexandria, and obtained an injunction to prevent the sale of certain real

*Present, Marhall,Chief Justice.-Cuaing aterion, Wtraing.

-toi and .7ohnson, Justices.

Vol. m.

L

The United States have no lien on the real estate or their debtor
rut sirt rought orin.
solvency or bankruptcy has taken
pinlgacuen; aobrl,ebteo.
pay all hit debts, he hbi

