FEBRUARY, 1806.

WILSON v. SPEED.

WILSoN
V.
Srv.

ERROR to the district court of Kentucky, on a judgment which dismissed the caveat oE Wilson against Speed.

TThheecaavveeat wwaas

in these. words : itize thoe rdsLt

C

Let

no grant

issue

no grantucsse

to Jame Speed, a citizen of the state of Kentucky,

Sor 139 acres of land, said to be surveyed upon an entry of 200 acres, by virtue of a treasury-warrant, number 13,800, the 24th of November, 1782, and the

survey dated the 10th day of November, 1797, be-

cause John Wilson, a citizen of the state of Virginia, claims the same; part by virtue of a survey made on

his settlement-right, the 20th day of January, 1786,

and part by virtue of a survey made on the entry of his prdemption-warrant, on the 20th day of January,
1dadoes l786, for Andrew Cowan, and assigned by him to
William Dryden, for his use; which claims are of a superior nature to the said Speed's. April22d, 1799.' l

An assignee of a preemptiisohneiwdatrorabnet a
competent
witness, if the facts intended to be red by hii.
testimon) not tend to stiutlpepoorft tthheo
party produ.
cing him disAmigsma eraolf dsplsaotiff' car-at, in Kentucky,
not purport to be a judgment UPn the me-
rit.

(Signed)

" Joss1 WILSON."

The facts appearing upon the record, so far as they are pertinent to the questions before this court, were as follows :

In the year 1776, Wilson made an improvement, by raising a crop on the land, and built part of a cabin.

In consequence of this improvement, he obtained, on the 16th of February, 1780, a certificate for a settlement-right to 400 acres, and a right of preemption to 1,000 acres.

On the same day Andrew Cowan obtained a certifi-
cate for the preemption of !,000 acres, on account of marking a4d improving the same, in the year 1776,
adjoining the lands of John Wilson on the north side, to itzclude his improvement.

WxIVL.so SP ED.
k

SUPREME COURT U. S.
On the 23d of October, 1780, Andrew Cowan en, tered a preemption-warrant for 1,000 acres, on the head-waters of Boon's Mill Creek, to include his cabin, and the head-waters of several small branches running into Kentucky and Dick's river. " Also, as assignee of 7ohn Wilson's one thousand acres, adjoining the above, includingsaidWi/son's cabin."
On the 29th of April, 1783, John Wilson entered " 400 acres of land, by virtue of a certificate for settlement, lying on a dividing ridge between the waters of Kentucky, and Dick's rivers, to include part of both waters, and his improvement."
These 400 acres were surveyed for Wilson on the 20th of January, 1786; and were never assigned by him.
On the same day, the 1,000 acres, upon the preemption warrant, were surveyed for Andrew Cowan, as assignee of Wilson.
On the back of this original certificate of survey, was written an assignment, purporting to be from An. drew Cowan to William Dryden,and attested by Y2o1ung ,Ewing." And also an assignment, (made by order of Garrard county court, during the pendency of the present caveat) by certain commissioners, in behalf of the heirs of Dryden, to William Buford.
On the 24th of November, 1782, James Speed,' the defendant, entered 200 acres upon a treasury-warrant, the survey upon which was the cause of the present caveat.
This survey was for 139 acres, part of (he 200, dated the 10th of November, 1797, and interfered with Wilson's survey of 400 acres, upon his settlement-right, and with that for 1,000 acres preemption, which were surveyed in the name of Andrew Cowan, as assignee of Wilson. Upon the inquiry into the facts before the jury, the plaintiff, Wilson, took two bills of exceptions, The first stated, that he offered to produce the sani( Andrew Cowan, (who had released to the plaintiff and.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

285

all claiming under him, all his, the said Cowan's, right to the land, &c.) to prove, that although ·the preemption-warrant for the 1.000 acres was taken out in his name, it was not taken out by him, or -with his privity ; and that, although the entry was in his name, it was not made by him, or with his privity. And also, to
prove, that he never did, and does not now, set up any claim or title to the said preemption, or any part thereof. Also, to prove, that the assignment on the original survey of the said preemption, now brcught into court by the register of the land-office, purporting to b&an assignment made by the said Cowan to Wil-
liam Dryden, was not executed by him ; the execu*.ion of the same not being proved by" Toung Ewing," the attesting witness to the same.

WILsON SPVr.v.

But the court was of opinion, that the said Cowan was not a competent witness, and excluded him from giving testimony.

The 2d bill of exceptions stated, that, after the tes-
timony of Cowan was excluded, the plaintiff offered to produce Charles Campbell, to'tprove that the said assignment, and the signature thereunto, as well as the paine of the attesting witness, were in the hand-writing of William Dryden ; to the admission of which testimony the defendant objected, alleging, that "22oung Ebing," the subscribing witness, ought to have been produced, and the court being of that opinion, the testimony of Charles Campbell was also excluded; and the caveat was dismissed, with costs.

Hughes, for the plaintiff in error, contended, that the judgment of the court below was erroneous, for two reasons.

1st. Because the witnesses who were rejected, were competent. And,

2d. Because the caveat ought not to have been dismissed, as to that part of the defendant's survey which interfered with Wilson's survey of 400 acres, upon his settlement-right.

Wn.soN
V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
1. As to the rejection of the witnesses.
If Cowan had any interest, it was removed by the release. And if it be alleged, that he ought not to be permitted, upon the ground of impolicy, to discredit his own paper, the answer is, that that principle has been applied only to negotiable paper; but here the witness is called merely to disprove what is alleged to be his hand-writing. It is to show, that he never put his hand to the paper, and not to invalidate a paper to which he had given a credit, by subscribing his name. The counsel for the defendant below relied upon the case of Walton v. 'Shwly, 1. T. R. 296 ; but, besides the inapplicability of the case, it- has been overruled by that of 7ordainc v. Lashbrooke, 7 T. .R. 691.
But Campbells testimony ought not to have been rejected. The court rejected it-6n the' ground, that "Toung Ewing," the subscribing witness, ought to have been produced. It is true, that if we had wanted to establish the assignment fr-om Cowan as genuine, it would have been intcumbent upon us to have produced Tounk E-fing, or accounted for his absence. But, if the assigrrment was fictitious, how was Young Ewing to prove that Cowan did not execute it ? He could only s v, that his own name was not writien by himself, and thdt he did not subscribe his name as a witness to that instrument ; but it does not necessarily follow, that Cowan did not execute the assignmbnt. The testimony of Young Ewing was not the best evidence of the fact that the plaintiff wished to prove. Whereas, Campbell could have proved expressly, that the whole assignment and signatures were written by Dryden, and not by Cowan and Ewing.
9. But the judgment is erroneous, because it dismissed the caveat, and did not decide which of the parties "hath the better right." It does not appear to have been decided upon its merits ; particularly, as far as the plaintiff claimed a settlement-right.
grechenridge, Attorney-General, for defendant. The testimony of Cowan was properly rejected ouk three grounds.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

287

1. Because it went to prove a title different from that set up by the plaintiff.

WILSo.-1 v

The act of assembly requires, that the caveat should express "1the nature of the right, on which the plaintiff therein claims the land."

The caveat states, that he claims "by virtue of a survey, made on the entry o.- his preemption-warrant," "1for Andrew Cowan, and assigned by hint to William Dryden, for his" (the plaintill's) " use."

The proof offered was, that the survey and warrant never were assigned by Cowan. The plaintiff, therefore, wished to bring proof to contradict his own allegations.

The jury are, by the land-law, to find "1such facts as are materialto the cause, and not agreed by the parties." But the facts offered to be proved, wereforeign to the cause.

2. Because the testimony went to contradict and falsify a record.

According to the uniform decisions of the courts in Kentucky, warrants, entries and surveys, are matters of record, as much as the patent. The record pro-
duced by the plaintiff, show, that the warrant, entry and survey, are in the name of Cowan, and that Cou. an assigned to Dryden, and that Dryden's heirs, by a decree of Garrard county court, assigned to Buford.

The facts would have been contradicted by the testimony offered.

But if the plaintiff could be permitted to invalidate or falsify the record, it could not be done on the trial of a caveat, which is intended as the means of trying legal rights to incipienttitles-titles which are on their passage to maturity. Ante, vol. 1, p. 66. It is a pro-
ceeding in derogation of the common law, and ought to be strictly pursued. If Cowan has no title, or is
only a trustee, this inquiry cannot be made in the trial

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSON
SPEED.

of a caveat, but must be made in equity. Dryden's
heirs cannot be bound by such an exparte inquiry; and Sthey are interested as assignees of Cowan, In order to overturn the claim of Speed, Wilson must have had
a prior existing legal right.

3. Because the witness might be ultimately benefited by the event of the suit.

The release is of no avail; it came from the wrong quarter. Cowan ought to have been released by Dryden's heirs and Buford.

Cowan is interested in one of two ways, or in both.
1st, In the ultimate goodness of the title by his as' signment, or5 2d. For having assigned that to which lie had no claim. If Wilson prevails, Cowan is benefited, because the .title which he transferred is
sanctioned and settled by the decision, If the determination of a cause may, perhaps, prevent a suit against the witness, he is inadmissible. .Esp). A
P. 705.

As to the correctness of excluding Campbell's tes.
timony, there can be no doubt. . To have received it, would have violated that known rule, that the subscrib.
ing witness to an instrument must be produced. This rule, it is true, has some exceptions, but noze that will include this case. .Esp. Mr P. 780.

But if all the testimony offered had been admitted, it would have been irrelevant; and would'have been bad upon demurrer. At the time of entering the ca-
veat, the plaintiff had no right in law, because it was registered in the name of Dryden. At the time of the decree, it was in Buford, under the decision of the court of Garrurd county.

With respect to the 2d point made by the plaintiff's counsel, viz. that the cavedit was not dismissed upon the merits, so far as relates to the plaintiff's scttlemnent-
right, he is probably mistaken in point of fact.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

289

The judgment of the court, although not altogether full and formal on this point, justifies the inference
that the court did examine into the merits of that claim. Of this, however, the court here will judge for themselves, upon an inspection of the judgment itself,- as stated on the record. It says "1 the court being now sufficiently advised of, and concerning thepremises, is of opinion, that the caveatherein be dismissed ;" and this is the only judgment which could have been given against the plaintiff. If the judgment had been for the defendant, it would have said, that he had the better right.

WILSOU
v.
SPEWD.

Hughes, in reply. It has always been the practice of the courts in Kentucky, to decide the fight to be iht the plaintiff or defendant, when the decision is on the
merits.

The testimony offered, did not go to prove a different title from that set up by the plaintiff; it went to prove his allegation to be substantially true.

The process by caveat is a summary remedy, and the law, by directing the court to decide according to the very right of the case, gives a chancery jurisdiction. In case of a caveat, there can be no legal title. It is a process given expressly to prevent a legal title.

The entry, &c. are not matter of record. It is true, there appears to be an assignment on a paper in the register'* office, but that does not make the assign. ment a record.

Cowan was not interested. He was not'liable to Dryden if the assignment was a forgery.

Campbell's testimony was the best evidence, to prove the fact for which it was offered. That of the subscribing witness might be the best evidence that the assignment was genuine, but not that it was a forgery.

Vol in.

P n

290

SUPREME COURT U. S.

'WxIsoq s~zm.

The judgment was not upon the merits, and there is
nothing in the record, from which a contrary inference can be drawn.

February 14. MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the

court.

In this case, the errors assigned ares

1. That testimony has been improperly rejected by the judge of the district court,

2i That-the caveat, as to that part of the land which was claimed in virtue of the survey on Wilson's settlement-rizht, was improperly dismissed.

The caveat, so far as respets the claim of Wilson, in virtue of the survey on his preemption-warrant) thus stated his tide : "John Wilson claims, by virtue of the survey, made on the entry of his preemptionwarrant, for Andrew Cowan, and assigned by him to William Dryden, for his use."

The preemption-warrant issued on Wilson's certificate to Andrew Cowan, as assignee thereof; the survey was made in Cowan's name, and is assigned to William Dryden, but the assignment does not purport to be for the use of John Wilson.
At the trial, the plaintiff offered to prove, that the assignment to Cowan was made in trust for himself, and that the assignment to Dryden was never made by Cowan. The witness, by whom these facts were to be substantiated, was Cowan himself. He was objected to by the counsel for the defendant, as incompetent, and the objection was sustained by the court. To this opinion of the district judge, an exception was taken, and the question proposed, is the competency of Cowan to prove the fact, that he never was entitled to the land in controversy, and did not make the assignment of the survey.

FEBRUARY, 1806.
We put the release out of the case, because it cannot affect the interest of Cowan, if he had any, that interest being a liability to the person appearing to be his assignee.

W;LSoX V.

Upon 'a consideration of this fact, and its connection with a caveat brought by Wilson, the witness appears to the court, to stand free from any possible ob,
jection on the part of the defendant. It would not ap-. pear, that he could derive a benefit from proving in this cause, that he never was entitled to the lqnd in dispute, and never assi-ned the survey.

But, from the facts proposea by the plaintiff, which were before the court, itappearsthat Dryden had sold to Buford, for whose .benefit this caveat was really brou ghL; and- it'is alleged by the, counsel for the de-
fendant, that, if the testimony df the witness would establish-the right of those who might ultimately resort to him. utrder his supposed assignment, and such a suit would beprevented by a decision of this-caveat, in favour of Wils'6n, he is, therefore, an incompetent witness -; but he court does'not perceive, that this consequence wodld flow from the testimony; .and if it is imagined, that Cowan might suspect it, this would constitute an objection, rather to his credft than his
competency. Cowan, therefore. was competent tQ prove the facts; to establish which, his testimony was offered. But if he had been received, and had established those facts, what would have been their amount? They-are,

" That Cowan never did purchase the said preemp.
tion, did not make the entry on the preemption-war, rant, or survey it, or procure it to he surveyed, and does not mow, nor ever did, claim title to the same.

" That the plaintiff, claiming to own the land, did sell it to William Dryden, who sold the same to Wlliam Buford, for whose benefit the caveat was brought."

These are the-facts, which the plaintiff proposed to prve, and which are stated on the recorL Rad they

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WILSoN V.

been proved, it appears to the court, that the caveat ought to have been dismissed. These facts do not Ssupport the title set up in the caveat.

it is conceived by this court, that the statements
made in the caveat could only be supported by an assignment, which, on the face of it, purported to be for
the use of Wilson. That an assignment made to Dryden, whereby the legal ownership of the survey was conveyed to him, although, in fact, intended for the benefit of Wilson, would not enable Wilson to maintain a caveat in his own name. It would authorise' him to use the name of Cowan, but not to pr9secute the suit in his own name. If, however, a contrary practice has been firmly established in Kentucky, the court would be very unwilling to shake that practice. But in this case, the assignment to Dryden was not, in fact, for the use of Wilson, but-of Dryden himself. The testimony, therefore, if received, could only have defeated the plaintiff's action. It cannot be said, therefore, that the judge has erred in dismissing the caveat, as to the part claimed under the preemption-warrant.

But, with respect to so much of the caveat as was supported by the survey on the settlement-right, no ex-
ception of form, or to the testimony, has been taken, and it ought not, therefore, to have been dismissec but on the merits., On this point, therefore, there i error in the judgment of the district court, for which
it must be reversed.

This cause came on to be heard, on the transcript of the record of the proceedings of the court, for the district of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel, on consideration whereof, it seems to the court, that there is error in the judgment of the district court in this, that the caveat entered by the plaintiff was entirely dismissed, whereas, it ought to have been decided bn its merits, so far as respected that part of the land which was claimed by the plaintiff under his survey of four hundred acres. It is, therefore, considered by
the court, that the said judgment be reversed and an-

FEBRUARY, 1806.
uulled ; and that the defendant pay to the plaintiff, his costs. And the cause is remanded for further proceedings.

WI LSO t
V.

BUDDICUM v. KIRK.

BuDDICUnt V.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Co. lumbia, in an action of debt against the defendant, as heir at law of the obligor, of a bond dated the 20th of September, 1774, conditioned to pay 9941. 3s. 5d. Virginia currency, in equal instalments, at six and twelve months from the date of the bond.

The defendant being an infant, pleaded by Archibald M'Lain, his guardian.

1. Payient; to which there was a general replication and issue.

2. That after the execution of the bond, viz. on the

day of

1784, at, &c. it was ac-

corded and agreed, between the plaintiff and the said

James Kirk, (the obligor) in his life-time, that the

said James Kirk should assign, and make over to the

plaintiff, all the balances of money due to the said

James Kirk, and one Josiah Moffett, arising from a

store kept by them in partnership, in the town of Lees-

burgh, in discharge and satisfaction of the said bond ;

and that the said James Kirk did afterwards, on the

day and year last mentioned, at the town aforesaid,

pursuant to the said accord and agreement, assign, and

make over to the plaintiff, all the aforesaid balances,

and the plaintiff did then and there receive the said

assignment and transvfer of the said balances, in satis-

faction for the said bond, and this he is ready to veri-

fy, &c.

This plea was adjudged bad on general demurrer.

Notice of tile timeandplaca of taking a deposition, given to the attorney at latr
of the oppo. site party, is not such notice as is re-
quired by the act of assembly of Vir-
ginia. But tilae attorney at law may agree to re-
ceive, or to wvaive notice,
and shell not aft/rwards be permitted to allege the
want of it.
If notice be
ven, that a position
wilbbe taken on the 8th of August, and
that if not taken in one
day, the commissionera will adjourn from day to day un. til it shall be
finished; and
the commissioners meet na the Stb

SUPREME COURT U. S.

DIXON'S ZXECUTORS
V. RAMSAY'S
IXZOUTqORS.

suit by virtue of his-letters testamentary, be can only sue in courts to which the power of those letters extends. It is not, and cannot be denied, that he sues by
virtue of his letters testamentary; and consequently, in this particular, he comes within the principle which was decided by the court, in the case of an administrator.

All rights to personal property ate admitted to be regulated by the laws of the country in which the testatot lived; but the suits for those rights must be governed by the laws of that country in which the tribunal is placed. No man can sue in the courts of any country, whatever his rights may be, unless in conformity with the rules prescribed by the laws of that country.

The court can perceive the inconvenience which may
often result from this principle, but it is an inconvenience for which no remedy is within the reach of this tribunal.

Judgment affirmed.

Scorr
V. NGrxo Lox-
DON.

SCOTT v. NEGRO LONDON.

If the owner of a slave removing into Virginia, shall take the oath required by the actor assirenmsibxltyy, wdiatyhs-

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Colum. ba, sitting at Alexandria.
Negro London .brought an action of assault and battery against Scott, to try his right to freedom. His claint was grounded upon the act of assembly of Virginia, of the 17th December, 1792, P. P. 186 ; the 2dsection of

after the removal of the owner, it shall prevent the slave from gaining his feedom, al-
thoughghe was brought

which is in these words: "Slaves which shall hereafter be brought into this commonwealth, and kept therein one whole year together, or so long at different times as shall amount to one year, shall be free."
The 3d section imposes a penalty upon every person importing slaves contrary to the act.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

32S

The 4th section is in these words: "Provided, that
nothing in this act contained, shall be construed to extend to those who may incline to remove from any of the United States, and become citizens of this, if, within sixty days after such removal, he or she shall take the following oath, before some justice of the peace of this commnonwealth "I, A. B. do swear, that my removal into the state of Virginia was with no intent of evading the Laws for pr.venting the further importation of slaves, nor have .1 broug-ht with me ahy slav s with an intention of selling them, nor have any of the slaves which I have brought with me, been imported from Africa, or any of the WestIndia islands, since the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight. So help me God."
"Nor to any person claiming slaves by descent, marriage or devise; nor to any citizens of this commonwealth being now the actual owners of slaves within any of the United States, and removing. such hither ; nor to travellers or others making a transient stay, and bringing slaves for necessary attendance, and carrying them out again."
The defendant below took a bill of exceptions, which stated, in. substance, the following facts:

SCoT V.
Nz DoLou.
into Virginia by a person C ming and exercisingthe right of ownership over him eleven
monaths before of the true owner ; and although the person who brought him in never took: the oath; and
althlaoegrehmatihn-em ed in Virginia more than twelve months; and although the true =,3r never brought him in.

The defendant's father, claiming to owun the plaintjfas his slave, brought him from Maryland into Alexandria, in July, 1802, without the knowledge or consent of the clefendant and hired him out in Alexandria until hi5 aeath, which happened about Christmas in the same
year. The plaintiff has continued to reside in Alexandria until the present time, except about three weeks in April, 1803. The defendant's father never took the oath .required by the 4th section of the act. The defendant,
in March, 1803, got possession of the plaintiff, and in April following, being then a resident of Maryland, but intertding to remove to Alexandria, hired him out in Alexandria, claiming him as his slave, under a bill ofsale from Thomas Contee, dated the 3d of September, 1800. The defendant came from Maryland in June, 1803, and or the 5th of July next following, took the oath prescrib-
ed by the 4th section of the act. Whereupon, the court instructed thejury, that if they should be of opinion, from the evidence, that the defendant's father brought the

SCOTT NEVLON.
~
.y a

326

SUPREME COURT U. S.

plaintiff from,the state of Maryland into the county of Alexandria in the ydar 1802,'andexercisedacts of own-
ership-overtheplaintv, andhired him out as his slave, and that the plaintiff has been kept in the county of Alex-
andria one whole year, or so long at different times, as amount to a whole year, from the importation to ihe bringing of the action, and that no other oath was made than that which the defendant has offdred in evidence as aforesaid, then the plaintiff is entitled to his freedom, although thejury shouldbe satisfiedthathe was theproperty ofthe defendant at the time he was so brought into the town of Alexandria.

E. _. Lee, for the plaintiff in error. At the tinie the plaintiff in error took the oath, the negro had not been kept a year in the county of 'Alexandria ; the forfeiture had not accrued ; the oath was taken within sixty days after the removal of his owner. ·The importation by the father, without the knowledge or consent of his son, the
owner, did not oblige the latter to take the oath'within sixty days after such importation. The act is penal, and is, therefore, to be construed strictly. No prosecution against the son, for the penalty under the third section of
the act, could have been maintained, upon such an importation by the father. The oath by the son would have
been a good defence. The act does not say it shall be taken within sixty days after the importation of the slave, but within sixty days after the removal of the owner.

The opinion of the court below was, that the oath ought to have been taken within sixty days after the removal of the negro.i

9 The opinion of the court below seems to have been misunder.
stood by the counsel. The grounds upon which that court decided, are believ~d to be, not th;t the son was bqund to take the oath )yith. insixty'days after the removal of the sla-'e by the father, but' that thefatherought to have taken the oath witlin sixty days after his removal with the slave. The act does not require the oath to be taken by the person who has the absolute property of the slave, but by him who brings a slave into the state. The words of the oath' are, "'nor have I brought -with me tny slaves with an intention of
selling them." The son might safely take the oath, and sell the slave immediately, for he did not bring the slave with him, The son would not have-been liable to the p6nalty of 200 dollars under
the 3d section, because he did not import the slave : but the father would, because he did import him.

FEBRUARY, 180.

C. Lee, contra. The general rule is, that a slave im- SCOTT

ported sli-be free.

Is

the

present

case within the

cx-

V -
Nzcono Lox-

ception

DON?.

The father, being in possession of the slave, claiming title and exercising auth6rity as owner, brought him from Maryland into Alexandria. If he did so without authority from the sonrtand if the son was the true owner, and ifthe slave was lost by the negligence, or in consequence of the act ofthe father, he is liable to the son. The-father, therefore, was a person to whom the effects of the 2d section would extehd, and to save himself from those effects, it was his duty to have taken the oath prescribed by the 4th section.

The rightto freedom which the slave acquires is not a mere penalty on the owner, but an independent right, not to be controuled by its consequences. The object of the act was to discourage, and
gradually to abolish slavery ; or, at least, to prevent its increase. Two means were adopted by the legislature. One was the prevention of further importations ; the other was the emancipation of such as should be imported contrary to the act. This emancipation was not apenalty intended solely to prevent importation, but a ,peifc iernedy for the evil after it had happeivd. The penalty of 200 dollars, under the 3d section, was the preventive means, and the emancipation, under the 2d section, was the remedial'ineans of accomplishing the object of the legislature. The evil.was not the importation of freemen, but of slaves. To make slaves free was, therefore, as direct an accomplishment of their object, as to prevent their importation. The act could not intend that the right to freedom, given by the 2d section, should depend upon a title litigated between two persons, each claiming to be the owner. The words are, " Slaves
which shall hereafterbe brtrgh into this commonwealth"--not by their orvnrz, but by any person claiming and exercising authoritover them. If a stranger should take a slave from Maryland, elaip. ing title, and bring him into Virginia, and keep him tlere a year, the slave must, under the 2d section of the act, be free. And the
reinedy of the true owner must be against the wrong doer, in the same manner as against a man vho should,, without authority, take his slave from Maryland, and in attempting to cross the Potowmack, theslave should be drowned. So, in this case, if the father, withiout authority from the son, brought the slave from Maryland into Alex. andria, and the slave thereby gains his freedom, by the negligence
pf the father, the father is liable to the son. The right of the slave to his freedom does not depend upon the crime of the person who may in law be adjudged to be the true owner. It is sufficient for
the slave to show that the person, in whose possession, and under whos- .ontroul he was, and who daimed and exercised over hit the authority of an owner, has violated the law, and done ie act which, by law, confers upon him his freedom. The consequential damage
to the true owner cannot affhct the slave. He was not the cause of the injury. The true owner must look to the author of the injury, against whom the laws have provided him a remedy.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Sco-rT

But it is clearly to be inferred from the 4th section

v.f taken together with the words of the oath, that the

NEGRO Losr-

DON. oath will protect the owner's title, only to such slaves as
~ he shall bring with him when he comes to reside in

Virginia. The words are, that nothing in the act

shall extend to him who may incline to remove, if, with.

in sixty days after " such removal," he shall make oath

that he has not "brought with him any slaves," with an

intention of selling them. It is not meant to say, that the

slave must come in at the same instant with the owner,

but it must be all part of one transaction. The son

never broughtthe slave into Alexandria. He was not

brought with the intent of residing here with the son.

Suppose the son had never come to reside in Alexandria, and the slave had been kept by the father, in
Alexandria, more than a year, what could prevent the slave from obtaining his freedom ? Could it be ob. jected, that the father was not the true owner, and that
the slave was kept there without the knowledge and consent of the son ? Again, suppose the son had not come till after the slave had been kept in Alexandria a year by the father, and the son should then, within six-
ty days after his removal, take the oath, would that destroy the slave's right to freedom ? If it would not, it must be because the son could not connect the importation of the slave, with his own removal. Why could he not connect an importation made thirteen
.,nonths before his removal, as well as an importation made eleven months before his removal ? Is it because a right to freedom had vested in the slave before the removal of the son? That cannot be; because the provi-
so says, that nothing in the act contained, shall extend
to those who may incline to remove, if, within sixty days after such removal, they will take the oath. The
word nothing refers as well to the year's residence, as to the first importation of the slave. It might be "said,
therefore, that the son did incline to r emove ; and within sixty days after such removal, did take the oath, and, therefore, he is'not to be affected by the year's resi-
dence. The length to which this argument may be carried, shows its sophistry. It leads to the entire de-
struction of the 2d section of the act ; for if the true owner may come, and make oath afr.r one year, he

FERUARY A80.

829

may after fifty. Theiroviso, therefore, must be limited' to an importation of the slave with his owner. Upon this. construction, it will read thus:. 1' Provided that nothing in this act shall extend to those who dhall remove with their ilabes, and who shall, within siity days after such removal, tak the oath."

But 'the son did not remove with 'his slave, and; therefore, is not within the benefit of the proviso..

z7ones, in reply. A slave do s no% under this act, gain his freedom, unless he was biought in by his true owner. The acquisition of freedom by the slave is a patt of the penalty upon the owner, for violating the law The freedom can only be acquired in a case where the owner is liable to the penalty of 200 .dollars, under the 3d section.

When the owner and the slave do not come in at the -same time; the sixty days begin to run from the time of the removal of the master. "If the owner comes before the" slave has resided due year in. Virginia, it is sudent,

February 19.

MARSHALL, Cb. J. 4elivered the opinion of the, court.

Tis- case arises under a clause; in an act of the V'irginia assembly; givng freedom tQ slaves who shal be brought thereafter into that state, and kept .therein one whole year together, or so long at different tiies as sha
amount to one yepr; and under- a proviso of thc same act, that it shall fidt extend to any person'wbo may in-
clineto remove from any of tli6UfiitedStite, aid become citizens of this, if, within sikt' days after stlch rdmoval he shall take an oath which is prescribed in the act.

The negro 1.ondon ws .brought froni Mlyland into

Alexandiai where he was hired out, in the year 1802; some -months -after which, his master; the plaintiff in

error, also removed into Alexandria, 'and within' the-

VoL IM

U

SovT I..~ Lo.
B

339

STPREME COU.WT U. S.

AWq

year from the time 'the tege. was brought In, and plsc

within the sixty days from the time the plaintiff ii error
ON- removed' tQ Alexandria"ihe oth prescribed by the law

%~P~~~1Ib/was take~n.

No~rght to freedom having vested in Iondon at the
time this oath was taken, the question is, has it brough. the plaintiff within the proviso of.the act?

That the plaintiff is within the letter of the proviso, 'q tinquestionable. He is apersqn who incliped to reiovt frdm one of the Uted States, into Virginia, whp aco
ually did remove, 'and who took te equisite oath wit4-
in the limited time.

But it is contended, in behalf ofthe defend ait iq error that tle acts of- bringing the 'negro into 'the state' and 0 removing into it, must be concomitant, in order to bring
the case within the proviso-; Or in other words, that thd 9wner must be a person " inclining to remove it~to the state," at the ime the slave was brought in. Thi inao. curacy of construction seem to be founded on the -idea, that the pen~lft of forfeiting the property, accrues or bringing the slave into the state, whereas, it attaches on his continuance in the state for twelve months. Till such continuance.'has taken place,' the offence has not been committed. If then, aU the' acts which brigg a persox
within the proviso, "aire performed before the right to freedom is vested, and before the provisions of the act 'have been ikfracted, it seems to the 'court,that the rightq of the party reimain unaffeted by the Ect.

If'London had been ordered to Maryland foa day, and then brought Tthhis master into Alexandria, the construction of his counsel Vould be'satisfied ; and it seems' strange, where the letter, of a law has not been violated
that sueh n uiWbprtant ircumst nce shoeWd affect its spirit.

Unless this r.de be admitted, of coming within the proviso,. a 'person incliing to'remove into Virginia whose slaves had preceded him, though not for one year, cq4.ld not bring himself within, or avoid the forfeiture,
although permitting them to come into that state was noc

FEBRUARY,' IM.

03L

bffence ;.. a construction of the-act-which the court cannot think consistent with its spirit or letter.

This court is, therefore, bf-opinion; that the crquite. court erred in directing'die jury that,, under the circumstances stated, the ptiiff below was entitled to his free-
dom, and doth reverse th&Judgment 'rendered- by tht circuit cbur ahd remand the cause for further proceedings.

Judgment reversed.

Scoart v.

WISE v. WITHERS,

V.
"WZTUU.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Co. lumbia, in an action of trespass ti et ,armis, for enteriug the plaintiffs house, and taking away his goods. The defendant-justified ds collector of militia fines. The plaintiff replied, that at the time when, &c,he was one of the United States justices.of the peace, for the tounty of Alexandria. - This replication, upon a gene-ral demurrer, was, by a majority of the court below, gadjudg d bad; whereuponthe 1laintiff sued out a writ of. error, and the questiohs 'ade On the argument were,
1.. Whether a justice 6f the peace, for the county of Aleandria, was liable to do militia duty? and

Ajustice of the peace, ia the district of Columbia, ia T officer or ule goveniment of the
Unitestate
and is exempt from militia
due u
martial has not exclusive jurisdictionof that question, and its Zn. tcnce is no

Trespass Res

2. Whether an action of trespass will lie against the against a cal.

officer who'makes distress, for a fine assesbed unon a lectpr of milil

justice of thepeace by a courtmartial ?

ta.fines, gzo

distraiks fore

C. Lee, for the plaintiff in error. This case depends upon the act of congress, of Mdrch 3d, 1803, entitled "1an act, more, effectually to provide for'the organiz;,
tion of the militia of the district of Columbia," vo. 6,
p. 237.

fine irzpnos4e4
by a ceot martial, upon a peton lle te
rolled in the

tINoPXUK V.
BELL.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
.21farch 4.
The Court ordered the following opinion to be certified to the circuit court:
Upon the question, in this case referred to this court from the circuit court: it is considered by this court, that the said act of limitations is not a bar to the plaintiff's demand on the said note; and this court is of opinion, that the length of time from the giving the note to the commexic'ment of the war, in 1775, not being sufficient to bar the demand on the said note, according to the said act of assembly, the treaty of peace between Great Britain and the United States of 1783, does 'not admit of adding the time previous to the war, to any time subsequent to the treaty, in order'to make a bar: and is also of opinion, that the agent merely for collecting debts, mentioned and described in the said state of facts, is not to be considered as a factor within the meaning of the said act of assembly, so as to bring the case within the proviso of said act.,
By this the court is not to be understood as giving an" opinion on the construction of the note, as to the time of payment.

WILLIAM MALEY v. JARED SHAtTUCK.

MALEY~ V.

SuATTUC4.

'

-,--, )

The cornnander of a

United States

ship of war,

if he seizes a

vessel on the high seas, .without pro. bable cause is
liable to make

ON the 20th of August, 1804, Jared Shattuck exhibited his libel in the district Court of the United States, for the district of Pennsylvania, in the following form :*
* As.there are so few forms of admiralty proceedings in print, it is hoped that a recital of a considerable part of the record in this case, will be acceptable to the profession; particularly as it is not : libel in rem, bt for restituton in -value; fbi not bringing in the vessel and cargo for adjudication.

" FBRUARY, 1806.

459

'r'o the honourable Richard Peters, Esq. judge of the ,,Lr,

district court of the United Stateb, in and for the dis-

V.

trict of Pennsylvania.

restitution in

The libel of Jared Shattuck, merchant, most respect- value, with

fully sheweth,

dimages and costs, even

although the

That your lihbellant, being a subject of his majesty, the yessel is taken

king of Denmark, sometime in or about the begirqning out or his of the month of May, in the year of our Lord 1800, at possession by
asupez~ior St. Thomas, one of his said majesty's 'West-India rcer; 'and

islands, loaded a certain schooner or vessel called the Mer- the ow,nr is cator, being an unarmed merchantman, fitted out at St. nreostorbtnutnod thteo Thomas aforesaid, for trade only, and being then and recapton, but

there bonafide the property of your libellant, with a cargo may abandan,

of merchandise, consisting of provisions, wines, and and hold the dry goods, for the sole and bonafideaccount of your li-otorrigilniaabl lecapfo. r

bellant, said cargo amounting to 13,920 dollars, or there- thewhole loss. abouts, on a voyahse to _acmel and Paort-Republican,' in A fbreign

the island of St. Dmingo, which he consigned to "Tous- sentence of

saint Lucas, also a Danish subject, then and there mas- condemnatlon ter of the said schooner Mercator, who was instructed sgnotoclu.

by your libellant to dispose of the said cargo at 7acmel sive evidence,

or Port-Republican aforesaid, to the best advantage, for that the legal account of your libellant, invest the proceeds" in coffee title to the

of good quality, and return therewith to the said island property as

of St. Thomas. And your libellant further saith, that on ject of a neu-

or about the 6th day of the said-month of May, the said tral nation.

'Toussaint Lucas sailed in' the said schoont-r from the said

island of St. Thomas, upon the said voyage for 7acmel

and Port-Republican,having on board the said cargo, and

also a private adventure belonging tb the said Toussaint

Lucas, together with all such necessary papers and docu-

ments, for ascertaining the property and neutrality of the

said vessel and her cargo, as are' usually carried by ves-

sels bplonging to Danish subjects; and proceedid on his

said voyage until on or about the 14th day 'of thd said

month of May, when, in -endeavouring to enter the

said port of 7acmel, the said schooner Kercator was met

with by a certain' schooner, called the* Experiment, a

,public armed 'vessel belonging to the government of thq

United States of America, an4 commanded by William

Maley, a lieutenant in the navy of the said United States,

who imlawfully, and in violation of th law, of nations,

took possession of the'said schooner Mercator, and put

MALRY V
SHATTUCK.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
on board of her a prize-master, and four seamen, who carried the said schooner Mercator, and her cargo, to places unknown to your libellant. And so it is, mIiy it please your honour, that nvither the said William MLaley, nor any person or persons avting under him, have brought the said schooner Mercator, or her cargo, to legal adjudication in any court of the United 6tates, having admiralty jurisdiction..

To the end, therefore, that complete justice may be

done to your libellant in tht; premises, may it please

your honour to direct a monition to issue out of this

honourable court, direct-d to said William Maley, Esq.

commanding him forthwith to proceed in dueform in this

h'onourable court, against the said schooner llercator,

andher cargo, in order to obtain a legal adjudication of

the same in due course of admiraltyproceedings, or in

default thereof, to appear before your honour, at such

time andplace as to your honour shallseem fit, to answer

your libellant in the premises, and show cause why, by

the saidhonourable court's final sentence anddecree, he

shall not be adjudged to make restitution in value, and

pay to your libellant the whole amount of his loss afore-

said, w;thfull damages and costs, and that such further

justice 'may be done to your libellant in the premises, as to this honourable court shall ever seem neet; and your

libellant shall ever pray, &c.

e

PETER S. DuPONCEAU, for libellant.

To this libel, Maley appeared,* and filed the protest following:

'To the honourable Richard Peteis, Esq. judge of the district court of the United States, in and for the district of Pennsylvania.

Tie protest of William Maley, Esq. late commander
of the schooner Experiment, a public armed vessel of the United States of America, appearing here in court, to avoid all and all manner of contempt, contumacy and

- It does not appear that a monition issued. The appearanceof Maley seems, by the record, to have been voluntary.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

461

default, under this his protest, against the libel filed by DIALPY S HA-V rC.
Jared Shattuck, merchant.

This protestant, saving and reserving to himself all,
and all manner of exception to the manitest uncertainties, imperfections and insufficiencies, in the said libel contained, and protesting that he ought not, in any wise, to be required to appear thtreto, or to proceed against the schooner Mercator, and her cargo, as is therein prayed, nevei theless, for the reasons aforesaid, and as cause why the said libel should be dismissed without further appearance or answer, avers, propounds and says,

That true it is, that the said protestant, while com-

manding the said schooner Experiment, a public armed vessel of the United States of America, under a law-

ful commission and authority firom the government of the said UnitedStates of Atherica, did on or about the 15th day of May, 1800, meet on the high seas, and take possession of the said schooner called the Mercator, in the said libel mentioned, and put on board an officer and four seamen. But this protestant denies, that by so doing,

he acted unlawfully and in violation of the law of nations ; for he avers, propounds, and says, that since the passing of the act or' the said United States of America, entitled, "an act further to suspend the commercial intercourse between the United States and France, and the dependencies thereofi" and before the said 15th day of

May, 1800, that is to say, on the

day of

in the year 1799, the said schooner, called the lercator,

being an American registered vessel, owned, hired and

employed by a person or persons resident within the said

United States, or by citizens, thereof, resident elsewhere,

sailed and departed from the port of Baltimore, within the

said United States, and at the time of her being met and

taken possession of by this protestant as aforesaid, and be-

fore her return within the said UnitedStates, was proceed-

ing directly, or from some intermediate port or place, to

Yacnel, a port or place Nwthin the island of St. Domingo,

within the territory or dependencies of the French're-

public. And this protestant further avers, propounds

and says, that at the time of his meeting and taking pos-

session of the said schooner Mercator as aforesaid, she

was steering a direct course for the said port of Yacmnd,

and not for Port-au-Prince, whereas, the letter of in-'

IAL.rZ V.
A

462

SUPREME COURT V. S.

structions from the said Jared Shattuck, the libellant, and all the other papers exhibited to this protestant, 'by Toussaint Lucas, the inaster of the said schooner Mer-

catpr, or found on board thereofi falsely, fraud~lently, and colourably, represented and declared, amon& other things, that the said schooner was bound on a vo%age from the island of St. Tlomas to Port-au-Prince, a place
then in the power and poss.ession of'tht British troops, and n6t Within the territory or dependencies of the
French reppblic. And this protestant further avers, prop6unds and says, that at the time of his meeting and taking possession of the said schooner Mercator as aforesaid, the master thereof appeared to be a Frew/k-
inapz (although this protestant has since heard, but does ot admit, that he is an Italian) and the crew consisted chifly of Portuguese and Italians, nor was there then, nor at
any time before or since, exhibited to this protestant, any burgher' -briefor briefs, or other evidence wihatso-
ever, that the said master, or crew, or any part thereof, had become burghers of the said island of St. Thomas, or were otherwise natuialized subjects of the'king of Denmark, without whikh this protestant avers, that the
said master and crew could not lawfully command and navigate a Danish vessel, according to the lpws and usages of Denmark. And this protestant further avers, propounds, and says, that the said Jared Shattuck, the libellant, alleging himself to be, the owner of the said schooner Mercator and her cargo, and to be a burgher of the island of St. Thomas, (neither of which allegations is admitted by this protestant) was born in the state of Connecticut, one of the United
States iforesaid, nor did it satisfactorily apjear to this protestant, (considering the many other proofs
and causes of suspicion to the contrary) at the time of his meeting and taking possession of the said schooner
Mercator, as aforesaid, nor has it so appeared at any time since, that the said Jared Shattuck, the libellant, had, by any lawful act of expatriatiop, or otherwise, at any
time, become a subject or citizen of any other government or nation, and ceased to be a citizen of the said United States, owing fidelity and allegiance thereunto ; but admitting it to be true, that the said Jared Shattuck,
the libellant, was an inhabitant of the said island of St. Thomas, this protestant did then, and does still, vrily believe, that the said Jared Shattuck had repaired to the

FEBRUARY, 1806.

463

said island of St. Thomas, or remained there, for the
purpose of carrying on an illicit and clandestine conmerce with ports an i places within the territory and de-
pendencies of the French republic, duriing the hostilities which were then waged between the United States'and the French republic, and-also between the king of Great Britain and the said French republic. And this protestant further avers, propounds, and says, that believing, from all the appearances, circumstances, and reasonable and just causes of suspicion, herein before averred and. propounded, touching the original American character of the said schooner Mlercator, the voyage on which she
was actually proceeding, the false destination declared and represented in the said letter of instructions, and
other papers exhibited and found on board, the description of the master and crew, and the birth-place and original allegiance of the said Jared Shattuck, the libellant, that the said ichooner :Mercator, was a registered vessel of the said United States, voluntarily carried or suffered to proceed to a French port or place as aforesaid, and to be'employed as aforesaid, contrary to the intent, and
in defiance of the prohibitions of the said act of the coligress of the United States, entitled I"an act further to
suspend the commercial intercourse between the United States and France, and the dependencies thereof." This proiestant, in obedience to the said act of congress; and to his official instructions, took possession of the said
schooner ai aforesaid, with-a view to such further examination and proceedings as the law of nations, and the laws of the United States, should warrant, justify, and
require. But this protestant avers that such possession was taken lawfully, upon the just and reasonable causes, motives, and designs, -aforesaid, and with the utmost care, caution, and solicitude, that the said schooner Mercator and her cargo, should thereby suffer no injury, damage, br spoliation; and that the real national character, and ihe real commercial objects of the said schooner
Mercator,- of her pretended owner, and of the said mas-
ter and crew, while prosecuting.her said voyage, should be more fully examined, and satisfactorily asceriained,
without any unnecessary detention or delay, this protestant, at the time of placing on board of the said schooner Mercator, an officer and four seamen, as aforesaid, did not remove, nor take therefrom, the said -master and crew of the said schooner Mercator, or any of

MALz.HAT.ucK

464

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MALEY them, nor remove, take away, cancel, or destroy, any

6f the papers and documents said schooner Mercator,

SHA ucKand

ofide soonr

ro

and her cargo, but ordered the, officer, so put on board

of the said schooner, -having on board her said master

and crew, and all the documents and papers of the said

schooner add cargo, to make the best of his way to Cape

Francois, there to deliver all his letters to Silas Talbot,

Esq. then commodore and commander of the public

vessels of the said United States, upon that station, and

to wait the orders of the said Silas Talbot, with express

insiructiofis, also; to p'ay particular attention to every

thing belonging to the said schooner Mercator, and her

cargo, seeing that nothing should go to waste, and to

deliver the'saidschooner to the said master thereof, if the

said Silas Talbot, commodore and commander as afore-

said, should clear her. ,And this respondent further

avers, propounds, and says, that in a short time, not

exceeding the spice of pix. hours, or thereabouts, afler

the said schooner Mercator had parted from the said

schooner Experiment, destined for 'Cape Francois as

aforesaid, under the orders aforesaid, the said schooner

Metcatoi was captured on the high seas, as prize, by a

British private armed vessel of war, called the General

Simcoe, commanded by Joseph Duval, who thereupon

forcibly took the said schooner ,Mercator and her cargo,

from and out-of the.possession, care, custody and controul, as we1l of the said master-and crew, of the said schooner

Mercator, as of the said officer and men who had been

put on board of her, as aforesaid, by this protestant, and who were, thereupon, taken out of and removed from

the said schooner Mercator, into, and on board of the

said British privateer, and he said schooner Mercator and

her cargo, sent to the island of Jamaica, under the charge

of a prize master and men beloiging to the said British

privateer, without the assent, connivance, assistance,

negligence, or fault, whatsoever, of this protestaut. or

of the officer and men whoin he had put on board of the

said-schooner Mercator, as aforesaid, for the causes and

with the int6ntions, aforesaid. And this protestant fur-

ther avers, propounts, and says, that the said schooner

Mercator and cargo, being so, as aforesaid, captur. d on

the high seas, as prize, and sent to the said island of Ja-

maica, by the said British privateer, a libel, in due form

of law was exhibited and filed by the said taptors, inthe

court of vice-admiralty, lawfully established in the said

FEBRUARY, 1806.

island of Jamaica, (being a court of competent jurisdiction in all matters of prize) alleging, and' charging, that the said schooner Mercator and cargo, were the property of France, or of the king of Spain, or of some person or persons being subjects of France, or of the king of Spain, or inhabiting within some of the territories of France, or of the king of Spain, and were good and lawful prize, inasmuch as hostility and war then notoriously subsisted between the king of Great Britain, on the one part, and the said French republic and the king of Spain, on the other part; and thereupon the said captors, in their said libel, prayed that the said schooner Mercator and her cargo, mightbe adjudged lawful prize, and be confiscated and condemned. And this prntestant further avrs, prbpounds, and says, that, notwithstanding the denial of the said Jared Shattuck. in his said libel contained, he, the said Jared Shattuck, *received speedy and full notice, that the said schooner Mercator, and her cargo, were captured as prize, and sent into the said island of Jamaica, as aforesaid, and there prosecuted by the said captors as prize, in manner aforesaid ; and, thereupon, a claim was exhibited, and a defence made, by and fbr the said Jared Shattuck, the alleged owner of the said schooner Mercator and her cargo. And upon hearing of the parties, bV their respective advocates, and upon examining all the ship's papers and documents, together with other evidence and proofs in the cause, the judge of the said court of vice-admiralty, was pleased to adjudge and decree, that the said sthooner Mercator, and her general cargo, were good and lawful prize, and did therefore adjudge, order, and decree, that the same be) condemned and cbnfiscated to the use of the said captors, &c. From which sentence, the said Jared Shattuck, the
libellant, prayed leave to appeal, which was granted. 'But this protestant avers, that this appeal has not been duly prosecuted by the said Jared Shattuck, but has been
altogether waived and abandoned.

BIA.xx
V.
SUATTucr.

And this protestant further avers, &'. that at the

time of the capture of the said srhooner and caro, by

the British privateer, as afore-said, and at the time of

the libel and of the condemnation, and of the appeal;

as aforesaid, peace and amity notoriously subsisted be-

tween the United States of America, and the king of

Great Britain and the king of Denmark ; und also be-

Vol. 11

3 0

JXALFT V.
T

SUPREME COURT U. S.
tween the said king of Great Britain and the said king of Denmark, and their respective citizens and subje ts : and, thcrefore, this protestant avers, that if the allegations contained ih the libel of the said Jared Shattuck, had been true, sentence of condemnation and confiscation, as prize, could not, and would not, have been pronounced, as aforesaid, against the said schooner Mercator and her cargo, by the said court of vice-admiralty, having competent jurisdiction upon all matters of prize, as aforesaid, and therein proceeding according to the law of nations and the faith of treaties.
Wherefore, this protestant prays that the said libel
may be dismissed with costs, &c.
A. J. DALLAS, for the protestant.
The replication 'of Shattuck, was as follows :
To the honourable Richard Peters, Esq. judge of the district court of the United States, in and for the district of Pennsylvania.
In the case of the schooner Mercatori and her cargo, Toussaint Lucas, master.
The replication of Jared Shattuck, late owner of the said schooner Mercator, and her cargo, to the protest of William Maley, Esq. late commander of the public armed schooner of the United States Experiment.
This replicant, not confessing or acknowledging any of the facts, matters, and things, by the said William Maley, in and by his said prdtest set forth, propounded arid alleged, and also saving and reserving to himself all, and all rr inner of exception to the manifold uncertaities and insufficiencies in the said protest contained, amd to the informality thereof, and protesting on his part, that the said Wihiam Maley ought to have appeared absolutely, and not under protest, and made direct answer, upon oath or affirmation, to the charges in this replicant's libel contained, or to so much thereof as he has been advised to be material for him to reply unto: Doth aver, alle C, propound and say, that this replicant was born in tgo

FEBRUARY, 1806.

state of Connecticlit, in the year 1774, and when he was between fifteen and sixteen years of age, viz. about the

M3A.zt
.

end of 1789 or beginningof 1790, the United States be- So

t

idg then at peace with;all the world, he migrated to the

island of St. Thomas, one of the dominions of the king

of Denmark and Norway, with a view to~etde and establish his permanent residence in that island. That he

served his apprenticeship there, with a mercantile house,

for about six years, and from his first arrival, has con-

stantly and permanently resided, and 'now continues to

reside 1there. That on the 10th of April, 1797, the United States-being still at peace with all the world, he became a naturalized Danish subject, and burgher 9f the

said island, and shortly afterwards, intermarried with

at: inhabitant of that place, by whom he has several children, all living in that island. That he did acquire, and

now holds real estate there, and is there permanently settiled and established, and carries on the trade, and busi-

ness of a merchant.

The replication then goes on to deny, that he went or
remained there for the purpose of illicit trade. It avers, that during the war between France and Great Britain, which terminated by the treaty of Amiens, he was largely concerned in trade, at and from St. Thomas to Ibreigu ports, and had a number of vessels navigating under the Danish flag in the West-India seas. I'hat several of his vessels were taken, as well by British as French cruisers, carried into their respective islands, and there acquitted, and his neutral character, and that of his pro-
perty, was acknowledged by the tribunals of both na-
tions.

That in May, 1800, he loaded the Mercator, as men-
tioned in his libel, and sent her on a voyage to St. Domingo, consigned to the said Toussaint Lucas, who was also a bonaftde subject. That the original destination of
the vessel was for Port-au-Prince, alias Port Republican, a place then in the power, and under the dominion of the negro general Toussaint, not of the British troops,
as stated in -Maley's protest. That at that time commerce was lawfully carried on between the United States and ports of St. Domingo, which were in the power of gene·ral foussaint. 'That on the 3d of May, 1800, he gave

468

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MALEY V.
SHATI VCK.

written instrulctions to Lucas, to proceed with his vessel to Port-au-Prince, but as she was ready to sad, he was informed that the forces of general Toussaint had taken Jacmel from general Rigaud, who held for the .French
republic. That Jacmel isa port of the island of St. Do-
mingo, which lies between the island of St. Thomas and
Port-au-Prince, and is in the way between the former and the latter. That the distance from Ja.-mel to Portau-Prince, is by land only between thirty and forty miles,
but by sea upwards of one hundred leagues. That conceiving it to be advantageous to try the market at Jacmel, before proceeding to Port-au-Prince, he gave verbal directions to Lucas for that purpose.

It denies that any thing false or colourable was intend-
ed; and that any of th Mercator's p'apers were false or colourable, and that he gave any orders to Lucas to deny or conceal his intention of going into Jacmel.

it admits, that after the passage of the act of congress, "further to suspcnd," &c. and before the 15th of May, 1800, the Mercator was an American iegistered vessel,
owned by a citizen of the Unit-d States, -and sailed from Baltimore, but denies, that when taken by Mlalev, she was navigating contrary to the laws of the United States.

It avers, that on the 26th of November, 1799, he purchased her bonafide at St. Thomas, for the sum of 8,500 dollars, which he had actually paid and took a bill of sale, which was on board at the time of her capture. That from the day of purchase until her capture, he was
bonefide the sole owner, and that no other person had any interest in her or her cargo. That almost the whole ship.
ping of the island of St. Thomas, consists of vessels btult in the United States and in the island of Bermuda, and brought to the former island for sale.

That at the time of her capture, the Mercator was na-
vigated as a bona fide Danish vessel, and had on board every paperand document which thelaw required to prove her neutrality ; and especially that she had, 1st. The king's passport, in the usual form. 2d. The certificate of measurement. 3d. Her muster-roll, or officiad list of her crew. 4th. The bill of sale. 5th. The burgher's

FEBRUARY, 1806.

469

brief of-her captain, Toussaint Lucas. 6th. Her clearance. 7ih. The invoice and bill of lading of her cargo
duly attested,,as tothe ownership and neutrality thereof.
8th. The captain's ins'tructions or sailing orders ; and
9th. A certificate, upon oath, of several respectable
merchants of the island, attesting the fact of Shattuck's
citizenship and residence in the island. That the crew consisved of eleven persons, viz. the master, the mate, seven seamen, the cook and a boy, who were all by birth Italian or Portuguese. That the master was a native of Leghorn, in Tustany, was a "Daniih subject, and had resided seven years in St. Thomas. That very few Danish seamen are to be had in the Danish islands ; and that, ext ept the officers of government, there are very few Danes in the islands of St. Thomas and St. Croix, the inhabitants being chiefly native English and Americans, with some French and other foreigners.

MALaY
SUTTc.

It denies, that by the laws of Denmark, a vessel cannot be lawfully navigated by others than Danish or naturalized Danish sailors, and avers, that the crew may be subjects of any nation whatever, provided that in time of war, not more than one-third thereof be native
subjects of one or other of the belligerent powers. It
denies that any of the crew of the Mercator were subjects oit any of the belligerent nations ; .ind that at the
time of her capture, there was any reasonable cause of suspicion that she was an American vessel carrying on an illicit trade. It submits to the court, whether Maley had
a right, by the law of nations, to arrest a vessel on the high seas, sailing under the protection of his Danish majesty's royal passport, under preternce of a violation of a municipal law of the United States.

It suggests that Maley acted malafide, and offers to prove that he was in the habit of violating the law of nations, and the instructions of his government, with respect to neutral vessels and property,7 arid that he was
dismissed from the service of the United States, princi-
pally nn that account.

With respect to the capture-by the British privateer, it admits that the Mercator was so captured, while under the protection of the United States, and their national

470

SUPREME COURI"TU. S.

'MALZY flag, but does not admit that it was without the con-

VA.TTUnCiv. ance or fault of Maley, or the officer Nqhom he put on

Sboard.

It admits the condemnation as prize, but avers

that it was the duty of the officer,and men %h6ave resisted

the capture, and to have demanded of the court of vice-

admiralty, at Jamaica, restitution of the vessel and

cargo, on the ground, that the same had been unlawfully,

and in violation of the respect due to the national vessels

of the United States,. and to the flag thereof, taken from

the possession, and from under the protection of the

commander of one- of the public vessels of war of the

United States.

It admits that Lucas filed a claim for the vessel and cargo, before the vice-admiralty court at Jamaica, and that they were condemned as prize, but Jdlges that the sentence of condemnation w'as contrary to the evidence. It admits also, that an appeal was.entered, and exhibits an exemplification of the proceediugs. It
denies that Lucas was bound to exhibit a claim, or to appeal from the condemnation, and that Shattuck was bound to prosecute the appeal, but avers that the whole
should have been done by or in behalf of the United States, to whom alone the vessel and cargo would legally have been restored, as having been taken from their possession, and from under their protection.

It avers that Shattuck, as soon as he received notice
of the capture and condemnation, gave information thereof to the governor-general of the Danish West-
India islands, and to Richard Soderstrom, charged with the consular functions for the king of Denmark, in the United States, who communicated the Informa-
tion, without loss of time, to the government of the United States, and claimed reparation. That the government of the United States expressed a wish, that
the appeal should be prosecuted, in compliance with which,,.Shattuck, without delay, forwarded the necessary papers to England; but when they arrived, he was informed by his proctors that it was useless to prosecute the appeal, because the prize-money had been distributed, and the prize agent had died insolvent.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

471

It denies that the vessel and cargo would not have
been condemned if they had been really and bonafide neutral property, abld avers, that they really were such as stated in his libel, and does not admit that he is prechided by the sentence of the court of vice-admiralty of Jamaica, from showing the same.

MA.LRY SUATTVCC.

It concludes, " that for aught that has been said and alleged by the said William Malty, ithis protest afore-
said, this replicaot ought not to be precluded from obtaining the bent fit of the prayer of his said libel; he
therefore prays, that the said William Maley may, by the interlocutory decree of this honourable court, be ordered to appear absolittely, and -Withoutprotest, be. fore your honour, so that further justice may be done by this honourable court in the premises, as to right
shall appertain."

(Signed)

JARED SHATTUCK.

Jared Shattuck being duly sworn according to law,
on his oath doth say, that all and singular the facts, matters and things, by him in the foregoing replication staed, as far as they relate to his own actsf and matters within his own knowledge, are true; and inasmuch as the same relate to the acts of others, he veril7 believes them to be true.

(Signed)

JAxED SHATTUCK.

Sworn before me the 26th of -May, 1804.

(Signed)

RiCHARD PETERS.

The rejoinder of Maley was as follows:
This rejoinant saving and reserving to himself all, and all manner of exception to the manifold uncertainties and insufficiencies in the said replication contained, and not confessing or acknowledging any of the facts, matters and things by the said Jarcd Shattuck in and by his-said replication set forth and alleged, but denying the same, saith, that the facts in this rejoinant's protest set forth, are true ahid sufficient to excuse him

SUPREME COURT U. S.
MALF from further appearance and answer to the libel of the SH.TT1,CK. said Jared Sh.attuck.
(Signed)
A. J. DALLAS, for WILLIAM MALEY.
Whereupon it was adjudged, ordered and .decreed, that the libel be dismissed-with costs.
From which decree Shattuck appealed to the circuit court.
Upon the appeal, the circuit court* being of opinion that the appellant was entitled to'restitution, with damages ,and costs, reversed the decree of the district court, overruled and rejected the protest of Maley, and ordered him to appear absolutely without protest, before the district court; to whom the cause was remitted for further proceedings.
In the district court, upon the remission of the cause, the following entry was made:
And now, to wit, this 9th day of August, 1605, the said William Maley, by Alexander James Dallas, his proctor aforesaid, having appeared absolutely as aforesaid, comes here into court, and for answer to the libel of the said Jared Shattuck, propounds and says, that the facts by xhis 'respondent in his said protest set forth are true, and to the intent that justice may be done in the premises, this respondent pra%s that the said Jared Shattuck may be called upon to declare, on his solemn oath, .to whom and when, and in what manner, he paid for the said vessel called the Mercator, and whether the original American owner hath any interest therein, or in the restitution in value, by the said libel prayed for; and whether any correspondence, and what, took place between the said Jared Shattuck, and the captain of the said vessel, or any other person, after she was carried into Jamaica; and whether any correspondence,
* Holden by Judge Washington, in May, 1805,

FEBRUARY, 1806.

473

and what, took place between the said Jared Shattuck and any persons, and whom, relative to the prosecution of an appeal from the decree of condemnation in Jamaica ; and whether the said Jared Shattuck made any, and what application, and when, to the American government, relative to the-capture of the saick vessel by this respondent, as aforesaid, &c.

MALET V.t"
I.TUV

A. J. DALLAS, for respondent.

And thereupon the said Jared Shattuck, under all
legal protestations and reservations, for replication to the answer.of William Maley, above-mentioned, saith, that all and singular the facts, matters and things by
iim this replicant in his libel, and in his replication to the answer under protest of the said William Maley, filed in thi honourable court, are true. Without this, that the facts by the said respondent, in his said answer
under protest set forthi are true.

He therefore humb*y prays, that. this honourable court, by its final decree in this cause, will be pleased
to order, adjudge and decree, that the said defendant, William Maley, make restitution to this replicant of the value of the schooner Mercator, her rigging, tackle, apparel, &c. and of her cargo, at the time of her cap. ture by the United States armed schooner Experiment4 under the command of the said respondent; and that the said respondent pay to the said replicant the
amountof the damages by him suffered, by reason and in consequence of the capture and loss of the said schooner Mercator, and her cargo; the said value and damages to- be inquired of, estimated and reported, to this honourable court by the clerk, taking to his assistance two merchants, in the usual form ; and that the said respondent pay the costs of this suit, &c.

PETER S. DuPONCEAU, proctor for libellant.

The clerk having returned an estimate of the value and damages, amounting to..41,658 dollars and 67

cents, Maley filed the following exceptions to that re-

port.

VoL In.

3 P

Mi LZ' SIATTUCK.

474

SIJPREME COURT U. S.

1. That.the respondent is charged with the expense
of papers and outfits; advances to mariners, provisions and stores for the voyage, and labour of sailors before the shipping.

2. With the certificate of neutrality of, property, ,duties at St. Thomas, commission on shipping the cargo, and insurance, without proofthai any insurance was actually -paid.

3. With expenses at Jamaica, and for copies of the proceedings in the court of admiralty, and of the ap-
peal papers.

4. With expenses of Mr.-Soderstrom.

S. With too mubh interest.
6. That there was no proof of the actual price of the schoonr other than the bill of sale on board.
7. That there was-no proof of the 'value of the cargo other than the invoice on board.

In the district court, judgment was entered by con-
sent in favour of the libellant, for the amount reported by the clerk, saving all exceptions upon the appeal.

In the circuit court, the following answer of Shat. tuck to the exceptions to the report of the clerk wag filed.

To the first exception he answers that these expenditures of 6utfits, &c. made after the purchase, and after the sailing of the vessel, increased the value thereof, and are properly charged as a part of the said value,

The sam6 were allowed in the case of the Charming Betsey-confirmed by a decree of this court (the circuit court) and not appealed from.

2d; To the second'exception he answers:

FEBRUARY, 1806.

475

1. As to the instrance, that it is a regular mercantile charge, the owner being considered as his own insurer. That it is generally admitted in mercantile accounts. That it is peculiarly'admissible in the case of an unjust capture, like the present, however it might be in a case of lawful capture, or capture with sufficient probable
cause.

MAL.SUAvC.

2. The commission an shipping is also a regular mercantile chat ge ; the said commission, the duties of
exportation paid at St. Thomas, and the certificatd of neutrality, would have been charged on the goods, had
the vessel arrived at the port of her destination. The present being, a case of unjust capture, the respondent
coficeives that the commissioners would have been justified in allowing to him all the loss ofpossible profit, and to have talken into view the piofit which he could
have made, had the vessel arrived at the port of her destination, whereas they have only indemnified him for his actual losses, and he conceives that he ought not to be debarred from any part of his said indemnity.

3d. To the third and fourth exceptions he answers,
that the said'expenses are reasonable, and the like were allowed and confirmed in the case of the Charming Betsey.

4th. To the fifth he answers, that the interest is not overcharged.

5th. To the sixth and seventh he answers, that the evidence of the papers found on board, is sufficient in
law, in prize -causes, unless contradicted by other evidence. That it is confirmed in this case by the oath
of the party, contained in the pleadins in this cause.And as to the ship, is again confirmed by the oath of the. same party, taken a second Lim'e on special inttrro-
gatories of the appellant, William Maley,

The answer of Shattuck, upon oath, to the several interrogatories contained in the answer of Maley to the libel, stated, that he purchased'the schooner Mercator at: St. Thomas, ofi the 26th of November, 1799, of one John"Liddel, of Baltimore, for the sum of 8,50Q dol-

ALEY
SETA V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

lars, 'which, at the time, of p-.irchase, he actually and
bonafdepaid to the said John Liddel, in Spanish mille 4
dollars. That the original owner has not at present, nor has had at any time since the purchase thereof by the respondent, directly or indirectly, by way of trust, *cover, or otherwise, any'interest therein, nor in the restitution in value, or damages prayed for in the libel.

That to the best of his recollection"'the said schooner was taken by the British privateer ckn the 15th of May, 1800, was carried into and arrived at Jamaica, and libelled on the 23d of the same month, and condemned as lawful prize on the 28th of June following. That
the respondent was informed of the capture by a letter from Lucas, and that Dick, MICall & Co. had taken
the necessary steps to defend the property. That he was informed afterwards, by the arrival of a Mr. Grigg,
in the beginning of August, 1800, that the schooner was condemned, and that an appeal had been entered. That the respondent had no opportunity of writing to Lucas during the trial. That immediately upon receiving notice of the condemnation, he applied to the com-,
mandant general of the Danish West-India islands to use his endeavours to obtain reparation from the American government, to \which he received an answer, (which is lost) together with a letter for the secretary of state of the United States, which he forwarded.

That being advised that the United States were the

proper party to prosecute the appeal, and fearing that

his further interference mightprove prejudicial to his

interest, he did not pr~sqcute the appeal until he received

from Mr. Soderstrom a copy of a letter' from the secre-

tary of state of the United States to him, dated the

26th of November, 1800, by which he understoodthat

the governmient of the. United States wished him to

prosecute his appeal, 114 consequence of which, he w'rote

for that purpose to his correspondents in London, by

whom he was informed that they had taken the neces-

sary steps to procure a reversal of the decree of condem.

nation; but that in the mean time the proceeds of thc

sales of the prize had been paid to the prize captain,

who had died insolvent, so that do redress was finally

had.

s

FEBRUARY, 1806.
On the 29th of January, 1806, the circuit- court affirmed the sentefice of the district court, except as to the first and second items in the r port of the clrk;iud decreed restitution of the value and damages, amounting to 33,244 dollars 67 cents, and costs.

MAzXv v.

From this sentence Maley appealed to this court.
The libellant also appealed as to so much of "he sentence as disallowed those two items of the clerk's report.

Breckenridge, atiorney general, for the appellant, jtnd Harper,Key, and .Mlartin, for the appellee.

Argument for the appellant.

Two grounds were taken by the attorney general:

ist. That Maley had committed no 'act mala fide, hut was in the performance 6f an authorised public
dutyj and was therefore justified.

2d. That the claim to. reparation is without merit, and without law.

1. The act being done in the execution of a publi6 duty, cannot, in our courts, be considered as done mala fde.

It was the policy of the times to prevent our citizens, whether resident here or abroad, from trading directly or indirectly with the French; and that policy oughtto
be kept in view when the several acts of congress on this subject are under consideration. These acts are in vol. 4,p. 129, 7une 13th, 1798, and p. 244, 9th Feb.
1799, and vol. 5, p. 15, 27th Feb. 1800. These laws being all in par matcria, are to be taken into one view, and although some of them had expired, yet it is proper that they should be considered when deciding upon the construction of subsequent statutes on the same subject.

All the acts went successively to cut off the intercourse more efectually. The fifth section of the act of Fertx.

MALEY V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
ary, 1799, authorises the President t6i give instructions. to the c6mmanders of the public armed ships to stop,
~examine, and yend in ships suspected-vol. 4, p. 24.7.
This was going a step further than the act of June, 1798, which did not authorise any such instructions.

The act of Feb. 1800, (vol. 5. p. 15) goes further still, and extends the prohibition of intercourse to citizens of the United States residing abroad; and expressly prohibits the island of Hispanola, excepting such ports as should be excepted by the proclamation of the President.

Under the act of 1799, the President caused the instructions*-of 12th of M[arch, 1799, to be issued to the commanders of the public armed vessels of the
United States, by which their attention was particularly called to the practice of covering the illicit trade under the Danish fl'ig. The direction not to injure or harrass the fair neutral commerce, inplies a right to stop and examine; and if, upon such examination, they should.have reasqnable cause to suspect that the vessel
was engaged in violating the law, the instructions, as well as the law, required them to seize and send her in for adjudication. There was, therefore, a clear right (at least a right which our courts cannot deny) to detain
the'vessel a reasonable time for examiliation, and if it wds a doubtful case, to send her for further examination t6 the commanding officer on that station.

That there was probable cause sufficient to justify such
a measure, (howeyer it might be in a case of actual seizure, and sending in for adjudication) can scarcely be doubted.

1. Shattuck was a native American citizen, resident in a place suspected by our government. The certificate of the merchants of St. Thomas, respecting his burgher. ship, naturally led to suspicion. It appears, by the letters in the.record, that although his neutrality had been respected in Tortola, yet it had not been respected
in Jamaica.

' See these instructions at length, cited in the case of BarrenirY. Little, 2 Cranch, 171.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

2. The vessel was known to have been built in the United States, and to have lately belonged to American citizens. She had sailed ffom Baltimore after the passiqg of the act of congress.

BALr?
V.
S

S. The sbip's papers showed her destination to be to Port-au-Prince, a place not prohibited; but she was
stopped as she was entering Yacmel, a forbidden port.

An attempt is made to account for this, by verbal orders, but there is no proof of them ; and it does not ap-
pear that Lieut. Maley was informed of such orders, at the time of the detention, nor of the fact that Toussaint had possession of the place.

,But if Maley had known of the verbal orders, the reason assigned by Shattuck for those orders, was, in itself,
a strong ground of suspicion. The reason was, that he had heard that Toussaint had possession of 7acmel. If the vessel and cargo were bona fide Danish property, h6 Smight, with equal safety, have t&,aded there while the place was in possession of Rigaud, as while in that of Toussaint. The reason could only apply to American property, upon the presumption that the United States
would take off the prohibition, 'when it should be known that .7acmelwas no longer unhder the acknowledged jurisdiction of France.

4. All the material- papers were not produced. The
master did not produce his burgher's brief, showing him to be a Danish subject; and a Danish vessel cannot law-' fully sail, but under a Danish master.

The, attestation of his burgher's brief, is dated long after the vessel was stopped.

It must be remembered, that Maley did not seize the
vessel, as a prize, or as a forfeiture, but only dctained her for further examination. The question, therefore, -is'not whether there was probable cause of seizure, but probable cause forfurtherexamination.

The master was not dispossessed of his vessel; none of the cr.w were taken out; her papers were not removed; no violence or outrage was committed. But

SUPREME COURT U. S.

,MAY.Ey while detained for further examination, the vessel was

S .

seized by a stronger hand and carried away by a superior

C force.

If it be objected that no resistance was made; it is answered that none could be made. The vessel was not
armed; and the officer was bound by his instructions, to permit the right of search by all the belligerents except France.

If it be said, that Maley ought to have claimed the vessel, in Jamaica-the answer is, that he had no right to seize,, unless it was really an American vessel. If 'she was a fair.neutral, Shattuck's claim must prevail.
If she was an American vessel she would hot be con. demned ; if she was any thing else, he was not interested.
Maley's possession, therefore, was lawful and bona _fide. - If a loss has hAppened, it has been produced ,by the vis major of another, to whom the injured party ought to look for reparation, 4 Rob. 284. Maley's possession being bonafide, he cannot be answerable for the ,nalaflde act of another.
He detained the vessel only six hours ; and she was sailing towards Port-au-Princet,he ostensible place of her destination, when captured by the British ship of war.
Even'if Maley was mistaken, but acted with good faith, he is not answerable for the loss. 1 Rob. 18. .Betsey.
That was an American ship and cargo, taken by the English, at the capture of Guadaloupe, in April 1794; and retahen by the French,in June fbllowing. The Amnerican claimants libelled the English captors for restitution in value. The captors defended theinselves by an allegation that the ship had broken the blockade.
Sir William Scott, after deciding that there was no defence, on the ground of breach of blockade, stated the question to be, whether the original captors were exonerated of their responsibility to the American clhimants.

FEBRUARY; 1806.

4Ul

"It is-to be observed," says he" that at the time of recapture, America was a neutral country, and -in amity with
France. I premise this fact as an important circumstance in one part of the case ; but the principal points for our consideration are, whether the possession of the
original captors was, in its coMmencement, a legal bonte fide possession ? And, 2d, whether such a possession,
beingjust in its commencement, became afterwards, bk any subsequent coqduct of the captors, tortious and illegal ? For on both -these points the law is clear, that a bona fide possessor is not responsible for casualties; but that he may, by subsequent misconduct, forfeit the protection ofhisfair title, and renderhimself liableto be considered.asa trespasserfrom the beginning. This is
the law, not of this court only, but of all courts, and one
of the firstprinciplesof universaljurisprudence."

He then noticeg two cases very much in point. " The _Nicholas and 7an was one of several Dutch ships taken
at St. E.ustatius, and sent home, under convoy, to England,for adjudication. In the mouth of the channel they
were retaken by the Frenchfleet. There was much neutral property on board, suffciently documented," and a
demand of restitution, in value, was made by the neutral owners, on the first captors. One of the grounds of the
demand was, that the captors had wilfully exposed the propertyto danger, by bringing it home when they might
leave reb'orted to the admiralty courts, in the WestIndies ; but on this point the court was of opinion, that
under all the circumstances, they had not exceeded the -discretion tiecess'arily entrusted to them by the nature of their command.

It was also urged against the claimants in that case, that since the property had been retaken by their allies, they had a right to demand restitution in specie from them ; and on those grounds the English courts rejected
their claims.

The other case which he cites, The 'endrich and 7a-
cob, is still more like the present. A -amburgheseship was erroneously taken as Dutch, and retaken by a French, privateer, and was lost going into Nantz.

Vol. III. 1

3 Q_

DIALZY V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MALE SHATTUCK.

On demand for restitution, against the British captor,
the lords of appeal decided, that as it was a seizure made on unjustiiable grounds, the owners were entitled to
restitution from some quarter; that as tl;e French recaptor had a justifiable possession, under prize taken from his enemy, he was not responsible for the accident that had befallen the property in his hands. That if the pro. perty had been savedindeed, the claimant 'must have looked for redress to the justice of his ally, the French; but since that claim was absolutely extinguished, by the loss of the goods, the proprietor was entitled to indemnification from the original captor.

After citing these authorities, Sir W. Scott inquires,
whether, in the case then before him, the original seizure
was so wrongful, as to induce that strict.responsibility, which attaches to a.tortious -and unjustifiable possession.

He then states some gt'6unds of suspicion which
might have appeared to the captors, as to the fairness of the neutrality, and proceeds to inquire whether any conduct of the captors, after the' first seizure, had ren-
dered them liable to the strictest responsibility. " On this point,' says he, "1I must distinctly lay it down, that the irregularities, to produce this effect, must have been such as would justly prevent restitution by the French. If such a case could be supported, I will admit there might then be just grounds for resorting to the British captor for indemnification ; but till this is proved, the responsibilitywhich lies on recaptorsto
restore the property of allies and neutrals, will be held by these, courts to exonerate the originalcaptors." In the conclusion of his opinion he says, "if the neutral
has sustained any injury, it proceeds not from the Bri. tish, but from the French; and there is no reason that British captors should pay for French injustice."

So we say in our case, there is no reason that the
American officer, who merely stopped the vessel for examination, should pay for british injustice.

2. That the claim to reparation is without merit,. and without law.

FEBRUARY,- 1806.

483

Shattuck was himself the cause of the suspicious circumstances which led to the detention of the vessel by Maley, who would have been guilty of a neglect of duty, and disobedience of orders, if he had done other-
wise than he did. There was no improper conduct on his behalf, and the whole detention'was only six hours, The British were bound to restore the vessel and cargo without salvage, and with damages and costs, if it was really the property of a neutral, and this would have been ddne, without doubt, if Shattuck had pro.
secuted his appeal, and been able to prove his property. But having acquiesced in the decree of condemnation as enemy-property, he can never deny the fact. It is conclusive evidence against him. If not conclusive, it is still evidence of probable cause of suspicion. Upon the evidence which caused Maley to suspect, the court of.admiralty condemned. This is
_surely sufficient to justify his detention of six hoursfor
examination.

MALxV -9HATTwCCVK

Argumentfor the appellee. Unless the taking was lawful, or with probable cause, the captor is liable for all the loss. This principle is admitted by the argument for the appellant. The case of the Charming Betsey, 2 Cranch, 64, was stronger in favour of captain Murray than this is in favour of lieutenant Ma. ley; and yet, in that case, this court decided that, captain Murray was a trespasser, and liable for damages
and costs.

It is no answer to say, that the loss does not appear to have been the consequence of Maley's act. If the taking was unlawful, he is liable at all events. It is like the case of deviation, which throws the loss upothe assured, although the loss was not the consequence of the deviation. It is sufficient if it exposed the property in any manner to a liability to danger. But here
it is evident that the loss would not have happened, if the vessel had not been detained. She was within an hour's sail of Jacmel, and would have gone in with
safety.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MALtV
SHATTUCK.

Two questions present themselves for consideration. Ist. Was the capture lawful ! and,

2d. Was there probable cause ?

A third question may also arise, whether, upon the appeal of Shattuck, the sentence of the district court ought not to be affirmned, as to the items excepted to by the counsellfor Maley,

1. The first question isi whether the capture was lawful ? On this point the case of the CharmingBetsey is conclusive. It was there decided by this court,

1st. That the non-intercourselaw did not extend to vessels built in the United States, and bona fide sold
before the act of trading. In the present case the vessel was sold before the existence of the act under which her seizure is now attempted to be justified.

2d. That the sale must appear to be made with intent to evade the law.

3d. That a native citizen of the United States may so far change his national character, as to take him out of the vperation of that act. The present appellee is the same person whose property was in contest in that case ; and although that fact does not appear on this
record, yet it appears that he is a person in exactly the
same circumstances.

But the sentence of the vice-admiralty court in Ja.
maica, is said to be conclusive evidence against Shat. tuck.

But the sentence is only conclusive evidence that she
was good prize to the British. It does not state for what cause. It contains no direct reference to the libel, or other parts of the proceedings. If it refers to the libel, the property is there stated to be Frenc4 or Spanish, or to belong to some other enemy of" GreatBritain. If you look into the proof exhibited in that court, it shows it clearly to be the property of Shattu.k.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

485 "

At all.events, neither the record, nor the proceedings
in Jamaica, show it to be American property, violating the laws of the United States, which is the only case that could justify the capture by Maley. If it was Spanish property, he had no right to touch it. If it was a Frenchvessel, unless armed, he had no right to seize it, So that if the sentence is conclusive evidence,
it is as *conclusive against Maley as it is against Shat-
tuck.

MiXAT=Y

S

.

But it is said be ought to have prosecuted his appeal; and, not having done so, he has been guilty of negligence. So far from this is the trfith, that he was not bound to resort at all to the British captors. It was the duty of Maley, or the United States, to resort to them. His remedy was against Maley. He was not bound to look further. It can be no ground of a
charge of negligence to say, that he has done more
than he was bound to do.

2. Was there probable cause?

On this point too the case of the Charming Betsey is
conclusive. The grounds of suspicion in this case are ,not so strong as they were in that.

But probable cause is no ground on which to deny
restitution of the thing itself, or its value. It only excuses from damages for the tort. It is no bar to a reimbursement of actual loss. Shattuck asks only for restitution and expenses ; and this is the least that a friendly nation ought to give.

3. As to the items in the statement o the value, and 4xpenses, which have been excepted against.

All the outfits of the vessel, ana expenses of shipping
the cargo, together with the outward duties, in addition to the first cost, constituted the value of the vessel and cargo, at the time of seizure, and ought to be allowed. The premium of insurance also was a proper charge. For, ,although no insurance, was actually made, yet Shattuck was to be considered in the light of
his owi4 insurer, and the risk was worth the premium.

486

SUPREME COURT U.. S.

MALzY
v.

There is evidence in the record that it is a customary charge in such cases.

IHAT"UMC1.

Argument, in reply. This ,case is not like that of the Charming Betsey. In that case the loss was produced by captain 11jurray's own act; But in this, the loss is not the immediate effect of the act of Maley, but of the commander of the British privateer, who is liable to Shattuck for the injury he has sustained.
To convert an originally lawful act into a trespass, by subsequent misconduct, that misconduct must proceed from the party himself, and not from the act of another, whose conductlhe cannot controul.

In the case of the Charming Betsey, the court de. cided in express terms, that " herpaperswereperfectly correct." " In the present case, some of the papers were false and delusive, and others were not shown, or were not found.

The sentence in Jamaica is conclusive evidence that the property was not neutralDanishproperty, which is
the very ground of the present libel. Unless, therefore, the admiralty court of one nation can reverse the sen-
tence of an admiralty court of -mother nation, that sentence in Jamaica -is conclusive against Shattuck's title. If he had prosecuted his appeal, and reversed the sentence, he would have obtained indemnification.
By his instructions from his government, Maley was bound to act on reasonable suspicion. They gave him notice of the practice of coyering this illicit trade with the Danish flag. When, therefore, he found a recent sale of an American vessel to a person pretending to have become a Danish subject, and residing in a place notorious for its abuse of its neutral flag-when he found the vessel attempting to enter a prohibited port,, with an ostensible destination to a port not prohibited.-when no evidence was exhibited to show that the. master of that vessel was a DanisK subject-and when his instructions required him " to be vigilant, that vessels really American, but -coveredby Danis1h papers,
and bognd to *r from French ports, do not escape

PEBRUARY, 1806.

481

you," how is it possible to say that he had not" reason 3i,.z-Y

to suspect

Vv.
SlArTUCIZ

Although any one of these circumstances alone might not afford "'reason to'suspet," yet the combination of the whole certainly did.

With respect to the claim of insurance, the case of the CharmingBetsey is full in point. It is admitted that no insurance has been paid. And the court in that case expressly said, that "a public officer, entrusted on the high seas, to perform a deity deemed necessary by his country, and executing, according to the best of his judgment, the orders he-has received, if he is the victim of any mistake-he' commits, ought certainly never to be assessed with vindictive or speculative damages, '" The claim "or insurance not paid is certainly a claim of speculative damages. The direction of the court to the assessors was, "1to take the
prime cost of the cargo and vessel, with interest thereon, including the insurance actuallypaid."

The consideration of the other items is submitted to the consideration of the court.

M7farch 3.
-MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the
eourt.

In this case each party has appealed from the sen.
tence of the circuit court. Maley complains of that sentence because it subjects him to damages and costs for the value of the Mercator and'her cargo, first cap. tured by him, and afterirards -taken out of his posses.
sion by a British privateer, and because, also, some items are admitted into the account, taken for the purpose of ascertaining the sum, for which he is liable, which,ought to be excluded from it. Shattuck complains of the sentence because he was not allowed by the
circuit court, all the items contained in the report, to the whole of which, he thinks himself entitled.

SUPREME COURT tJ' S.

Mnr.zr
V,

In discussing the right of Shattuck to compensation

for the Mercator and her cargo, the first question which

Spresents

itself is, was that vessel and cargo really hit

property ?

Without reciting the various documents filed in the cause, -it will be admitted that they demonstrate the affirmative of this question, unless the court be pre. cluded from looking into them by the sentence in Jamaica, condemning the ship and cargo* as lawful prize.

On the conclusiveness of the sentence of a foreign
cduft of admiralty, it is not intended now to decide.-,-. For the present, therefore, such ,sentence will be considered as conclusive, to the same extent which is allowed to it in the courts of Great Britain. But, in those courts, it has never been supposed to eyidence more
than its -own correctness; it has consequently never been supposed to establish any particular fact, without which the sentence may have been rightly pronounced.
If then, in the present case, the Mercator, with her cargo, may have been condemned as prize, although in fact they were both known to be the pioperty of a neutral, the sentence of condemnation does not negative the averment that they both belonged to Jared Shattuck.

It is well known that a vessel libelled as enemy's
property is condemned as prize, if she act in such manner as to forfeit the protection to which she io entitled
by her ineutral character. If, for example, a search be resisted, or an attempt be made to enter a blockaded port, the laws of war, as exercised by belligerents, authorise a condemnation as enemy's property, however clearly itmay be proved that the vessel is, in truth, the
vessel of a friend. Of consequence, this sentence, being only conclugive as to its own correctness, leaves
the fact of real title open to investigation. This positive impediment to inquiry being removed' no doubt upon the subject can be entertained.

It being proved that the Mercator and her cargo belonged to Jared Shattuck, who, though born in the United States, had removed to the island of St. Thomas,

FEBRUARY, 1806.

489

and had acquired all the commercial rights of his domicil before the occurrence of those circumstances which occasioned the act of cdngress, unde which this seizure is alleged td have been made, the case of the Charming Betsey determines that the vessel and cargo were not liable to forfeiture under those acts.

It remains, then, to inquire whether the Mercator appeared under such circumstances of suspicion" as to justify her seizure.'

On this point, too, the authority of the Charming' Betsey appears to be decisive. In each case the vessel
was'built in America, and had been recently sold to a person born in the United States, who had become a -D-uish burgher before the rupture between this country and France; and both cases present the same cir-
cumstances- of suspicion, derived from the practice of the islaird to cover American as Danish property.The points of dissimilitude are, that in the Charming
Betsey the captain and crew were of a descriptioh to give greater suspicion than the captain and crew of the Mercator; and in the Charming Betsey was found a proces verbal, which stated -facts unfavourable to that vessel, whereas no similar paper was found in the Mer-cator. The only circtfimstance of susicion attending the Mercator,. which did not b'elon'g to the Charming Betsey, is that she was bound to Port-au-Prince, and was taken entering the port of Yacrhel. This circumstance app'eart to be sufficiently accotdnted for, but if ii was nIot,-the court can perceive in it no evidence ofher being American property which can weigh against the testimony offered by the paliers that she was Danish. The documents on this point which were thought decisive in the 'case of the Charming Betsey, exist in this case also. -The information of the captain, uncontradicted by any of his drew, in this case, as in that, is
corroboratied and confirmed by the documents on board
the vessel.

The only paper, the absence-of which could be im. p6rtant, was an authenticated burgher's brief proving the captain to have been a Danish subject. How far
3R

MALxr
V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MALrY
V.
SHATTUCK.
y

the absemce of this paper might have justified a sus. picion in a bellig~rent that she was enemy-property,
so as to excuse from damages for capture and detention, according to the usages of belligerents, the court will not undertake to determine; but it was a casualty which is not sufficient to justify a suspicion that the vessel was American. The burgher's brief is stated to have been in possession of the captain; but is supposed not to have been produced, and consequently it could have no influence on lieutenant Maley. However this may be, no inquiry respecting it was made, and -he does not appear to have sugge-sted any difficuliy on that grotind.

Unquestionably lieutenant Maley had a right to stop and to search the Mercator, and to exercise .his judgment on the propriety of detaining her; but, in the exercise of that judgment, he appears to have. come to a decision not warranted by the testimony presented to him. The circumstances of suspicion arising in the case, were not sufficiently strong to justify the seizure
which was made.

But it is obvious, that lieutenant Maley suspected the Mercator to be a French, not an. American vessel.

In his answer he says, that he mistook the captain for
a Frenchman; in his letter of instructions, he speaks of the vessel as a prize ; andt in the protest of the Ame. rican prize-master, she is denominated 9'a French prize." From these circumstances combined, it is sup. posed to be sufficilently apparent, that the mistake com-
mitted by lieutenant Maley, was in supposing the Mercator to-be a French vessel liable to capture under
the laws of the United States.

The argument of the attorney general, that lieute.
nant Maley is not liable for this loss, because it was produced by a superior force, which it was not in his power to resist, would have great weight, if the circumstances under which the Mercator appeared had been such as to 'justify her seizure. But the court is not of that opinion, ahd consbquently that argument
loses its application to this case.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

491

Neither is it conceived that the failure of Shattuck to appeal in time, destroys his claim on lieutenant Maley. He had certainly a right to abandon if he chose to do so, and to resort to the captor for damages.

In the opinion given in the circuit court, that the libellant was entitled to compensation for the Mercator and her cargo, this court can perceive no error: but in so much of the report of the commissioners appointed to adjust the account as is affirmed, some unimportant inaccuracies appear.

In its circumstances, this case so strongly resembles-
that of the Charming Betsey, th.it the court will be governed by the rule there laid down. In pursuance of that rule, the rejection of the premium for insurance, that premium not having been paid, is approved; but the rejection of the claim for outfits of the vessel, and the necessary advance to the crew is disapproved.Although the general terms used in the case of the
Charming Betsey would seem to exclude this item from -the account, yet the particular question las not under
the consideration of the court, and it is conceived to stand on the same principles with the premium of insurance if actually paid, which was expressly allowed. But this claim is nearly balanced by two items in the account which were admitted, as this court thinks, improperly.

Oneis the charge of 540 dollars for the expense of soliciting compensation from the United States. The court can perceive no reason for charging this expense to lieu-
tenant Maley.

The other is the charge of 326 dollars and twelve cents, the account of Ross and Hall, for expenses in England.

Had the appeal been prosecuted in time by Shattuck, it is scarcdy possible to doubt, *butthat the sentence of the court, in Jamaica, would have been reversed, in. which case it would have been -reasonable, that the expense of the prosecution should have been paid by Lieu-
tenant Maley. But as it was not prosecuted in time, in consequence of which, the proceeds of the vessel and

M6ALz V.

"MALLr V.
SRkT.TrCK

SUPREME COURT U. S.
cargo were lost, it is not conceived, that lieutenant lMaley ought to be charged with the costs of a subsequent in ffertual attempt, not made at his instance, to repiur .the original neglect.

What may be the claim of Shattuck, on the govern-
ment of the United States, for this sum, is not for this court to inquire; but his claim against lieutenant M4ley is not admitted.

This court affirms so much of the sentence of the circuit court, as awards compensation for the Mercator and
her cargo, to the libellant, and approves of the sentence' on the report of the commissioners, except as to that part
which rejects the claim for advances for the outfits of the vessel, and the wages of the crew, and whjch admits the charges of 540 dollars, on account of the expenses
attending the application to the government of the United States, and of 326 dollars and twelve cents, on account
of expenses attendant on the ineffectual attempt which was made to prosecute an appeal in England. In the~e
respects, the account is to be reformed, for which purpose, so much of the sentence of the circuit court, as respects this part of the subject, is reversed, and the case is remanded to the circuit court to be further proceeded
in, as to justice shall appertain.

LAWRASON v. MASON.
LAWRASONV.
MASOW.
A letter from ERROR to the circuit court of the" district of Co. the defend- lumbia. apts to 7. M.
saying that
they would be This was an action of assumpsit, brought by Mason, his security against 'Lawrason, surviving partner of the firm of of corn, paya Lawrason & Smoot, up'on the following note:

FEBRUARY, 1806.

337

argument, it has very properly, been answered, by the W~lL
cognsel for the plaintiff, that the long enumeratioh of characters exempted from militia duty which follows, presents ofily one description of persons ; custom,-house oftic6rs, and those who hold a commission from the President, or are appointed by him; and of these, by far the greater number do nothold such commission. The argument, therefore, not being supported by the fact, is Inapplicable-to the case.

The law furnishing no justification for a departure from the plain and obvious import of the words, the
court must, in conformity with that impbrt, declare that a justice of the peace, within the district of Columbia, is exempt from the performance of' militia
duty.

It follows, from this opinion, that a court martial has -nojurisdiction over a justice of the peace, as a militia, man; he could never be legally enrolled: and it is a principle, that a decision of such a tribunal, in a case clearly without its jurisdiction, cannQt protect the offi.
cer who executes it, The court qtd the officer are all
trespassers.

The judgmeit isreversed, and the cause remanded for furtler proceedings.

THE UNITED STATES v, GRUNDY AND THORNBURGH.

TnuUztUvTn STATnL V.

ERROR to the circuit court of the United States, for
the district of Baltimore, in an action for money had and
-:received for the use of the United States, by the defendants, as assignees of Aquila Brown, jun. a balkrapt ; it being money received by. the defefidants for the sale of the ship Anthony lkangin, which ship the United States alleged was forfeited to them by reason that Brown, in

Vol. IM.

X x

AND
Tuoruinunac.
Under the
t of Con gross of Dec. 31, 1792, daVrheils,'dthea-t if , f9c oath

338

SUPREME COURTi;. S.

THEUNiZED ,STTES
.,RvDy.
AND
TBifUoR-pG.xH-.

order to bbtain a register for her, as a ship of the,Inited State, had falsely sworn that she vas his slek.propertyj )hen he knew that she was in part oWned by an alien.
On'the general, issue a verdict wis rendeced for tlie defendants, and the plaintiffs took three bills of 4xcep-

b& taken in tiklS.

order tq pro-
cure a register for a yessel, trevessel *r its value shall be forfeited, the
Unitdd States
have an election to pro-'
ceed against

.1. The jfrht stated that they gave in evidence to the t
jury, that on the'25th of November, 1801; and for several months before and after,- Aquila Brown, iun. a jitizen of the United States, and iiarlmaq Henry Hack/han, a subject of the elector of Hanover, were copartners in
%
merchandize, and carried bn Irade at Baltimore, under the firm of Brown and Ifackman, and that.Brown, at the 'ame time carried on trade at Baltimore on his sepa",ate

tfoerfeviteesds,el oars account, under the firm of A. Brown, jun. That before

against the ' that day4 and during the year prqceding, the ship Anthony person who Wnjon was built, rigged, and equipped, within the took the false Vnited States, Ior the house of frown and _llac man, ovaaltuhe, . BBuutt un-unundeer a coonttrracct made for them and under tuhler authority,

til that election is made, the property of the vessel does ndt vest in the United StetaUtens i;teadnd t e U nt

ana was paid tr with their funds, and.that on that day Aiown applied to the'Collector, for a fister fo'r that ship, in his own name and as his sole propeity, and for that purpose took and subscribed the usual oath, Which contains an asseveration that he then was the true and only owner or thAt ship,, and that no subject or citizen of any
foreign prince or state, -was then directly. or indirectly

maintain-'aninterested therein, or in the profits or issues thereof: action for mo- whereupon, a register was granted to him in the usual. ney bad and form. That- afterwards, and after the 28th day of the

received a-
.ianst the as- same November, A. Brown,jun. as well as Brownand sigaees of the Hackman, were declared bankrupts, and ;their effect person who sev'erallv assigned-the defendants being the assignees of to e oa., Brown jun. The plaintiffs, in order to prove that

become 4. tk- the ship, at the time of taking the oath, was the property rupt; -the as- of the house of Brown and Hackman, and belonged in

.mig sold. atvh-e part·"to" "tachman, tin aliens offered Htack.mdan himself as vessel and re- a witmess, who objected to being sworn, alleging that hQ cwivld the 9ught not.ta be compelled to give evidence against his purchase mo- jnterest,.1Upon the voir dire he explained his interest ney, befre thus : Tho if the plaintiffs should recover in this action,

seizure of tire

voseL

the fupds ;f the estate of Brown would be diminished by

the whole amount recovered. That Brown and Hack-

man had drawn and indorsed bills of exchange to a large

FEBRUARY, i806.

33

amount, which had come to the hands of the United TitnUT:ITrs St~t¢s by indorsement, and he believed himself to be STATZS liable therefor in case of failure of the funds of Bro=. Govai

Whereupon, the court was of opinion that he was not a AIND

competent witness for the plaintiffs.

Twonu-

2. The second bill of exceptions stated, (in addition to the facts containedjn the first) that the plaintiffs, in order to prove that at the time of the oath, the ship was the property of 'Brown and Hackman, offered to swear a witness to prove that in a book, purporting to be one of the books of account of Brown and Hackman, in the possession of one ofthe assignees of Hackman, who refused to produce it at the trial, although it was then in his possession, he saw an entry in the hand-writing of Hackman, Purporting to be made on the 28th of November, 1801, charging the freight of the ship, on her then intended voyage, to the debit of Brown, and to the credit of Brown and Hackman. But the co'urt rejected the cvidence as inadmissible for that purpose.
s. The third bill of exceptions (in addition to the facts
containecl in the former bills) stated that the plaintiffs offered*tfdprove, that.at the time of Brown's taking the okth and obtaining the register in his 'own name, the ship was owned in part by Hackman, an alien, and that Brown knew the fact to be so. That afterwards, and before the bringing of this action, Brown became bankrupt and his effects were assigned to the defendants. Thatat the time of his bankruptcy, and of the assignnieht, the ship was in his possession, and that by virtue of the assignment the defendants took her into their possession as part of the estate of Brown, and sold her to a certain Thomas W. Norman, for 18,250 dollars,- which sum they received, and at the time of trial had in their possession.

The defenidants then gave m evidence, that after the sale ,ofthe ship to 4VDrman,the United States seived her As forfeited ; and libelled her in the distriet court. That Normqu
file4 his rhlim, amd upon proof md haring, the jqdge di4missed the libel. Thai no action hW4 ever ben institeid by the United States ag4ast Brow -

Whereulon, the attorney for the United States prayed thez ourt to,4ret the wry that if they belieyd the inat-

SUPREME COURT U. S,

TnpUNI7ED STATEs
V.
1GItVXDY AND
THORsS US CH.

ters so offered in evidence on the part of the United States, the United States Were entitled to recover, in
this action, the said sum of 18,250 dollarsj which direction the rourt refused to give; but instructed the jury that if they believed that any of the matters of fact in the
oath of Brown alleged, were within his knowledge, 'and were not truej the said evidence given by the plaintiffs was not sufficient, in law, to maintain the present action.

Breclinridge$Attorney-General of the United States.
The great iuestion in this cause is, whether the property of the ship Anthony .Aangin, vested in the United States, upon the commission of the act of forfeiture by Brown, without a sentence of condemnation.
This action is founded on the nt of December 31st, 1792, "for registering and recording of ships and vessels. "' Laws U. S. vol. 2, p. 135. We contend that under the 4th section of this act, no sentence of condemnation was necessary to vest the property in the United States. This section, after stating the nature of the oath required in order to obtain a registe of te ship, sayd, "IAnd in case any of the matters of "fact in the said oath alleged, which shall be within tbt knowledge of the party so swearing, shall not be true, there shall be a forfeiture of the ship or vessel, together with her tackle, furniture, and apparel, in respect to which the same sball have been made, orof the value thereof,to be recovered (with costs of suit) of theferson by wham such oath shall have been made."
A forfeiture by statute is analagous to a forfeiture at common law. At the common law, by an outlawry, the property of the outlaw immediately vests in the crown without office found. Co. Lit. 128. (b.)
The English court, upon the statute of 12 Car. 2, c. 18, which creates forfeitures very similar to those of our statute, have decided that by the act of forfeiture, the property is so completely divested from the owner and vested in the crown, that detinue can be maintained for it. 5 Mod. 193, Roberts v. Withered. Comb. 361. S. C. 12 Mod. 92. S. 6'. 1 SaM. 223. S. C. And Roohby J. said " the property is divested out of the owner, by importa-

FEBRUARY, 1806.

341

tion, but not vested in him that sues until bringing the action, or seizure." That case has been recognised and -Inade the ground of decision in a Late case. 5 T. R. 112, Wilkins v. Despard. These cases decide that the right to recover either the specific goods, or their value,
does necessarily give to the court the right to determine
the question of forfeiture.

TnzUZ:tTzIS
STA%T-.ES
ouwnr AND
Toa.-
......

If the right of the United States was only inchoate at the commencement of the suit, the judgment in this case would have completed it as effectually as a sentence of condemnation. The United States might have proceeded either in ren, or for the value of the ship. They might either seize and libel the ship, or
sue the person.

In the case of seizure of a ship under the act of August 4th 1790, Laws U. S. vol. 1, p. 237, there
nust.be a prosecution in conformity with the regulations of the 67th section of that act; and an important question arises, whether we are thereby prevented from proceeding in personam for the value of the thing forfeited. We contend, that we may proceed either way ; for of what use are the words " or the value thereof," if the recovery must be by seizure and con-
demnation? The words being in the alternative, leave us that option. In Roberts v. Withered, it is said, "that though some persons proceed by way of information upon forfeitures, yet actions of detinue will, nevertheless, lie." 5 Mlod. 194. Supppse the act had declared, that the party shall forfeit 1,000 dollars, would
not an action lie for this money?

But admitting that the act of 1790 requires a sentence of condemnation to vest the right.in the United
States, we contend, that the 29th section of the act of December 31, 1792, under which the present action is brought, does not. Laws U. S. vol. 2, p. 157.

Although it refers to the act of I90, it is only'for the purpose of designating the courts in which the recovery is to be had; and to the manner of disposing of
the forfeiture. It has no reference to the hind of suit, or to the manner of proceeding, to effect the recovery

342

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THSUNITED STATES
GRUNDY AND
THon--
B

of the object. The words of the 29th section iam, " That all penalties and forfeitures which may be in-
curred, for offences, against this act, shall arid may be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in such courts, and be, disposedofin such manner, as any penalties and forfeitures which may be incurred for offences against the act (of 1790) may legally be sued foi', prosecuted, recovered and disposed of."

The statute of 12 Car. 2, has stronger expressions to
show, tlat a sentence of condemnation wbs necessary to vest the property. Its words are. " under the penalty of forfeiture of ship and goods, one moiety to his'majefty, and the other moiety to him or them that
shall inform, eeize, or sue for the same." Our statute is not only'silent as to the mode of recovery, whether by intormation, seizure, or suit, but contains the words
1 or thevalue thereof," (which the British statute does not) and, therefore, recognises any mode of recovery, by which that value can be obtained.

It is not unworthy of remark, that vessels are, by the act of 1790, rendered liable to forfeiture in three cases, 14, 27 & 60, in neither of which is it declared, that " the value thereof" may be recovered. The 67th section, if intended to ascertain the forfeiture of ships by seizure and condemnation only, may operate
consistently on that act, but it cannot, where an alter-
native is given to sue for the value.

'AS we cannot proceed in rem without a seizure, if a transfer or sale gecures the property in the transferee,
or vendee, the law will, in this respect, be defeated.

Admitting that the vendee is safe, the offender i4 liable to be proceeded against in personam, for the value of the -property forfeited : If so, his assignees,
in case of his bankruptcy, are also ; forhlis creditors have but an equitablefien on his estate in the hands of his assignees ; and the United States have a legalrightv
which, after suit brought, has relation back to the time of the forfeiture.

FEBRUARY, 1806,

343

With respect to the exceptions to the itnesses, the court, in rejecting the testimony of Fjackman, have carried the doctrin farther than it i'warranted hy any precedent. It was,! in fact, deciding that a witness may.refuse to give testimony against a defendant, be. cause .that defendant is his debtor, and his testimony, by establishing the plaintiff's claim. would diminish the, funds out of which the witness's claim might be satisfied.

Tui.UNITro
S-rATZ3
V.
Gnu-my
AND
bU1ROU.

This interest is certainly too remote and contingent to exclude the witness. It may, perhaps, affe't his credibility, bux not his competency.

'The other witness, who was called to proye the entry in the books of Brown & Hackman, was also
improperly rejected.

Aftei the rejection of Tackman himself, and after provingthe book to be in the possession of the .o!potite pArty, who refused to produce it, the next best evidence was the testimony of a person who had seen the entry in the book, in the hand-writing of Hackman.

The judgment of the district court upon the libel, is no bar to the present action. That judgment was not given on the point of the forfeiture, but upon the ground that the United States could not follow the tldng itself into the hands of a bona fide purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice. It does not bar the remedy in .personam.

P. B. Key, and Martin, contra.

1. As to the rejection- of Hackman, as a witness.

He was offered by the United States, to prove that

he was an alien, and was interested in the ship at the

time the oath was ,taken by Brown. The defendant

objected, and, upon the voir dire, he declared himself

iuferested,, and objected to answering against his in-

terest. [Key was about to read an authority, when

the Ch. J. told him that no authorities would be re-

uired, on that 'point.

0ohnJs.n,said he should

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TnEUsz ,;'Dlike to see the authority, for his own satisfaction. STAT.S Marshall, Ch. J. When we said there was no necessity.

Gnuxvr
AND
To -
BUIRG Y,. S

for authorities, we meant, authorities to prove that a man in a civil case, is not bound to testify against his interest. But this does not preclude the objection, that the facts stated by the -witness, as the ground of

his interent, did iot prove him to be interested. Key then cited Peake's Law of Ev. "132.]

2. As to the rejection of the witness who was called to prove the entry in the books of Brown &
Hackman.

There was no proof that it was one of the books of that firm ; nor was any notice gi-ven to the defendants to produce it. It was not proved to be in he.posses-
sion of the defendants, but in that of the assignees of Brown and Hackman, who were different persons. The plaintiffs might have had a subpoena duces teczlm.
The ground of the opinion of the court was, that the testimony offered was not the best evidence, as the book itself might have been had.

3. The.important question in the cause is, whether, by the act of forfeiture, the property vested in the
United States before condemnation?

We admit, that the owner of property may maintain trover against a vendee claiming under a third person, and disaffirm the sale ; or he may affirm the sale, and bring an action for the price. The present- action is grounded on the right of property being in the United States at the time of the sale. The seizure of the
vessel was not made, by the United States, until after the assignees of Brown had sold and delivered her to a third person.

If the present action is not founded on the right of property, the action should have been delt for the penalty, or a special action on the case, grounded upon the statute, and averring 'every matter necessary to
entitle the United States to recover.

FEBRUARY,, 106.

349

"The right of the United State to the property de- TJ zU.ITtD pendsupon the act' f 1792. The 4th section, which STATz

,declares, the forfeiture and'penalty, is 'silent as to'the remedy. When the act creating a penalty is silent as to its -mode of recovery, the action must be debt or' case on the statute.

GnU.DZ*
AND
Tuomr-

The only remedy, ,then, which the United Sttes had; was'either by a seizure of ihe ship, or an acioin of'debt, or special actiop on the case, for the penalty. But -thepresent is an action for money had.andreceived. It is iiot grounded on i crime or a tort.

The U~nited States have lost their remedy in rem, by suffering it to be sold without notice, Upon this point,
the sentence of the district court, which has been ac-, .qtiesced under, is conclusive ; for it goes upon the -ground, that the United States had not the right to the thing at the time of the, sale; for, if they had, the, vendee gainedno lgal tide, and, therefore, could not' be protected by-the want of notice. But he was pro. tected by want of notice ; he must, therefore, have gained a legal title, which could Ie protected. He could gain his legal title only from the assignees, but they could not convey a legal title which was not in them. At the time of sale, therefore, the legal title must have been in the assignees ; and, as there could not be two legal titles to the same thing, at the same
time, in different persons, the tide could not be in the - United States. 'This is the consequence which inevi-
- tably risults from the sentence.

Having lost their remedy against the thing, their
only,Iterngtive is an action for the penalty against the Per47:i who-toQ1k the false oath. The act provides no substi6ite for the process'in rem, but the action, against that person ; it gives no right of action against the person who may be in possession of the thing.

No action for the penalty will lie against Browtn's assignees. It is in the nature of a criminal prosecu-

tion.

VDI. IIL

Y y

346

SUPREME COURT U. S.

!r11anU'ITzD STrVA. rs
GRV.v
AiD
TSIyUo1nGiiHro.

,The act gives the. United States an election of one of two remedies, but not of both. They may proceed

in rem, or in personam. Until their election is made, the thing itself is not forfeited, for they may never choose to proceed against the thing, but may piefer the

Sremedy

against the person.

They have made their election by proceeding in rem;
having failed there, they could not take the other side of the alternative, and sue for its value. The sentence has been submitted to, and is conchisive until reversed.

Suppose the libel had been dismissed because It was
not sufficiently proved that Brown had sworn falsely, o- that he knew he was swearing falsely, could the United States tirn round, and try the same question again, upon an action against Brown for the penalty? Or, after suing Brown for the penalty, and failing to recover judgment against him, could they seize the ship"and try the question over again ?

A judgment, until reversed, is conclasive as to the subject matter of it, 2 Bur. 1009, Moses v. 2lacferlan.

At common law a forfeiture dois not alter the property, until there is some act done by the party claiming the forfeiture, either in pais, or of. tecord.

A forfeiture of lands relates back to the time laid in the indictment; but the forfeiture of goods related to the time of conviction. In both cases the time must appear of record. Co. Lit. 390. (b.) 391. (a.)

In case of deodand, nothing is forfeited until it be found by inquest. So in the case of felo de se, no part of the personal estate is forfeited to the 'king, before
the self-murder is found by inquisition. So in the cases of flight, and of goods waived, 1 Hawk. P. C. 101, 104.

The case of Roberts v. Withered, 5 2Mod. 193, war. decided on the ground that an, action of detinue was a process in rem, and equivalent to a seizure.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

34?

Harper,in repl,.

TsRU..-ITED
STA'raS V.

1. As to the exclusion of HacAman' testimony.

Gummy

AN~D
It may, perhaps, be safely admitted that if the testimony Tuozi-

has an immediate, direct,and certaineffect upon his inte-
rest, a man may be excused from testifying. But in the present case itdepended upon severalcontingencies. Ist.Whether Brown's estate would be sufficient to pay the claim of the United States. 2d. Whether Hackman's certificate would bar the United States; a point not yet decided, and upon which legal opimiions differ. 3d. Whether the United States would choose to resort to Hac4mdn until ,the effects- of Brown were exhausted ; an~d,

4th. Whether there would be any surplus of Hackman's estate. The authority from Peahe, 132, is not to the point; .for-he says, that the testimony must go to esta-
blish a debt against himself, before tlHe witness can be excused from giving it. And the case which he cites-from

Strange, 46"6, shows that it is only .6 matter of indulgence, and not of right,even in such a case: for although the witness was bail in the action, yet if he was a sub-
scribing witness, the Chief Yustice said he would oblige

him to swear,

2.' As to the testimony respecting the book.

It was proved that the book was in the hands of the
assignee of Hackman, who refused to produce it. We could not issue a subpxna duces tecum because the book
wag a private docuinent ; and it not being in the possession of the defendants we could not compel them to bring it in under the act of Congress. Between a bankrupt and
his assignees, there is a perfect privity as t9 all matters of coniract and interest. . The bhook, therefore, must be supposed to be in the hands of Hacmqn and as the court refusedtQ compel hini to testify, or to-produce the book, evidence of its contents was the next best evidence in our power. As to thii care, it was as if the book had been lost or destroyed, If a subscribing witness to a bond, be out of the reach of the process of the court, you cannot compel him to testify, but you niay give evidcnce
of his hand-writing.

3. As to the main question.

THrti hTr
STATS
V.
.GRUXDY
AND THoRN-
SUIRGH.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
The defendants are not sued as assignees. The action
is against them in their own right, as having received
money to which the United States are entitled. We say that they have taken property of thr United States, and sold it, and we are entitled to the money.
The forfeiture of the vahie is to be recovered of the person who took the oath; but this does not prevent the United States from pursuing such other remedies as they might have had by reason of the forfeiture. If, then, the forfeiture gave the United States the right to the thing, they are entitled to the present remedy.

The question is, at what time did the property vest in the United States, by reason of the forfeiture ?

The case in 5 T. R. refers to, and recognises the law as decided in Roberts v. Wit4ered, in 5 Mod. The decision there, was, that by the illegal act of the party the
property was divested out of him. The doctrine of abeyance does not exist in any case : it has been laughed
out of existence. The property must be somewhere. If it does not vest in aprivate owner, it goes to the sovereign, or to the government. If divested out of the owfier, it goes eo instanti to the person to whose use it is forfeited. When the forfeiture accrues to a private person, he must do some act to entitle himself. But not
so in the case of the king ; it vests in him immediately.
He is not bound to do any act. In the case of Roberts, qu tam. v. Withered, 5 Mtod. the right of the informer
did not accrue till the action brought ; but the whole had
gone to the king by the forfeiture. The offence divests the property, but it is not vested in an informer, until action brought. In the mean time it is in the king. The informer's right only vests by action.

There is a difference between a forfeiture by statute,
9 nd a forfeiture by common law. The cnQmmon law says, the king shall have it if he will. But the statute says, it shall absolutely vest in the king. By the statute, the king speaking by the legislature, has determined his will. He
has made his election to have the thing. But the statutory remedy does not take away the commdn law remedy: it is cumulative. The United States are not obliged to resort to the statutory remedy.

FEBRUARY, 15206.

349

·But it issaid,.that the United States had an election, TuzU-ZTrw

and that no right to the thing vested until they made their election. We may admit it; but we say we have elected the present remedy.

SVTT.S G.,L,,"
AM

Admit that we elected to seize the vessel. It had escaped: it was gone out of ,our power. It was still an election, and we are now proceeding in an action for its value. The election will relate back. We have the whole three years to make the election. If we pass the three years, the property goes back to the former owner.

The value is not to be considered as a penalty, but as
a debt. We might have brought detinue or trover, 'or the ship, instead of an action for the value, or a seizure.

We admit the sentence cannot be inquired into ; but it does not affect the preent question. The decisionwas
not on the point of the forfeiture.

February 22.

MARtSHiALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court.

This action is brought to recover money, received by the defendants, for a ship sold by them as the assignees of Aquila Brown, a bankruipt: which ship is considered, in this cause, as having been liable to forfeiture, under
the " Act for registering and recording ships or vessels." It is founded on the idea that, at the time of sale, the ship was the property of the United States, in virtue of the act of forfeiture which had been committed, and of the proceedings of the United States in consequence of
that act.

It appears that in 1801, Aquila Brown, jun. then carrying'on trade in his own name, in -Baltimore, obtained a register" for the Anthony Mxigin, as his sole
property Z having first taken the oath which the law requires, to enable him to obtain such register. He after-
wards became a bankrupt, and the Anthony ilfangin passed, with his other effects, t) his assignees, who sold her
for the money ndw claimed by the United States. After

SUPREME COURT U. S.

1 zUNTn
STAVT.ES
GU14DTAND
Tnorm-
E-URGH.

this sale, fats were-discovered, inducing the opinion tha. a certain Harman Henry Hackman, a foreigner, was
part owner of the vessel, a circumstance within the knowledge of Aquila Brovn ; and upon this ground she was seized and libelled in the court of admiralty. By the sentence of that court, the libel was adjudged not to be
supported, and was dismissed. It is agreed, and is so stated in the reasoning of the judge, which accompanied his opinion, that this sentence was not intended to decide the question of forfeiture ; but was founded on the alienation of the vessel before the forfeiture was claimed. Acquiescing in this decision, the United States brought the present action. At the trial, the judge instructed the jury that this action was not maintainable, although they should be of opinion that the fact alleged in the oath, which was taken to obtain the register, was untrue within the knowledge of the person taking the oath. To this instruction -an exception was taken ; and upon that, among other points, the cause comes into this court.

The words of the act under which the right of the United States accrues are: " And in case any of the matters of fact in the said oath or affirmation alleged,
which shall be within the knowledge of the party so swearing, or affirming, shall not be true, there shall be a forfeiture of the ship or vessel, together with her tackle, furniture, and apparel, in respect to which the same shall have been made, of of the value thereof, to be recovered with costs of suit, of the person by whom such oath or.affirmation shall have been made."

The question made at the bar is, whether, by virtue of this act, the absolute property in the ship or vessel,
vests in the United States, either in fact or in contemlation of law, on the taking of the false oath ; or remains in the owners until the United States shall perform some act, manifesting their election to take the ship and not the value.

So far as respects this question, the eiffect-of the sentence in the court of admiralty is put out of the case, for
the court has not decided what the effect of that sentence will be.

It has been proved, that in all forfeitures accruing at common law, nothing vests in the government until

FEBRUARY 1806.

351

some legal step shall be taken for ihe. assertion of its right, after which, for many purpose-, the doctrine of
relation carries back the title to the commission of the offence; but the distinction, taken by the counsel for the United,States, between forfeitures at common law, and those accruing under a statute, is. certainly a sound one. Where a forfeiture is given by a statute, the rules
of the common law may be dispensed with, and the thing forfeited may either vest immediately, or on the perfbrmance of some particular act, shall be the will of the legislature. This must depend upon the construction of the statute.

TK UmyxZ3
STATEs
Ga v.
AND T0o1.-1

The cases cited from .5th M'Tod. and 5th Durnford & East, are certainly strong cases. WVhether the), can be reconciled to the general principles of English law, need not be considered, because the present inquiry respects the construction-of an act of Congress, containing words which vary essentially from those used in the acts of the British parliament, on which those decisions were made.

The question, therefore, does the ship vest absolutely in the United States, so as to make it their property, whether such be the choice of the government or not, or may they elect to reject the ship and proceed for its value, must
be decided by the particular words of the act.

The words taken according to their natural import, certainly indicate that an alternative is presented to the
United States. " There shall be a forfeiture of the ship, -orof the value thereof, to be recovered with costs of guit, of tile person by whom such oath shall have been made."

Had a special action on the case been brought against the person, by whom the oath was made, stating circumstances on which a forfeiture would arise, and aveiring an election on the part of the United States, to claim the value, it would be a very bold use of the power of construction which is placed in a court of jdstice, to say, that such an action could not be maintained, because the vessel itself was vested in the government, and the value
was only given in the event of the vessel being withdrawn from.its grasp.

852

SUPREMEZ fOURT Ti..

TPXUXTED STATES
GR,VU.NDY AND
THoRN-
BURdG,

In addition.to-the obVious and natural import of the words usid'bylthe legislaiure, the opinion, that an alterna-
tive is given to the government, derives some strength from the-consideration, that the forfeitures are claimed from distinct persons. If the ship be 'forfeited she is claimed from all the owners. In an action'for' the Anthony .Mangin, Harmani Henry Hackman could not have

defended himself by iaverring his interest in $ite vessel, artd that only the share of'Brown was forfeited; but in an action- against Hackman, for the value, the declaration, or information, must have averred that he was the person who took the false oath, and -proof that it was taken by his partner would not have supported that averment., They. are, then, distinct forfeitures, claimed from
different persons. The ship,_fr-om the owners; the value from the particular owner who has taken the false
oath.

The United States are entitled to both, 'or to only one of them. A right to both has not, and certainly gannot, be asserted. If there be a right only to one, the govern-
ment -may elect to, take either , but till the election be
made, the title to the onq is perfectly. equal to the title to the other.

It seems to be of the very nature'of a right to 'elect one of two things, that actual ownership is not acquired in either, until it be elected; and ifthe penalty of an offence, be not the positive forfeiture of a particular thing, but one of two things, at the choice of the person claiming the forfeiture, it would seem to be altering, materially, the situation in which that person is placed, to say, that either is vested in him before he makes that choice. If bothare vested, in him, it is not an election which to take, but which to reject ; it is not'a forfeiture of one of two things, but a-forfeiture of two things, of which one only can'be retained.
That the legislature may pass such an ac:, is certain; but that the one undei" consideration, is such an act, is not admitted by the court.

If the property in the vessel was actually vested in the United States by the commission of, the offence, th'n"the judgment of a court, condemning the vessel,

FEBRUAJY, 1806.

353 TszU2Irs

or declaring it to belong to the government, would, in
fact, 4co nothing more than ascettain that the offence had been committed; it would not vest the thing more cornpletely in the government, in point of right, than it was vested by the commission of the bffence. If, notwih-. -standing the -complete ownership of the vessel, which the argument supposes in the government immediately upon the act of forfeiture, and in virtue of that act, a'suit
for the value might have been maintained, it would seem to follow that a judgment declaring the vessel, to be the property of the United States, would not bar an action for the value, provided the benefit of that judgment had .not been received by the United Statep.The real principle on which an action for the value can be maintained would seem to be that the ship itself did not belong to the United States'in consequence of the false oath, but in consequence of the election to take the ship. If this election be not made, and the government shall elect the value, then the property of the vessel remains in the original owners, and' is no obstacle to a suit for the value. But if this.opinion be mistaken; if the property in the ship be immediately invested in the goviernm'ent, notwithstanding which the value may .be claimed, the court cannot distinctly perceive why the same action might not be maintained, notwithstanding
the declaration of a court that the property was in the United States, provided the benefit of their judgment was not obtained. In this view of the case, if the court of admiralty had decreed in favor of the United Staes, and the Anthony Zkangin had been destroyed before the benefit of that judgment had been received, the person who had taken the false dath, might still have been sued for the value. This would never be contended; and yet if the absolute ownership of the vessel by the Unitdd States does not preclude a right to sue for the value before a judgment be rendered, there is some difficulty in discerning when it will preclude that right. In fact, the idea that one of two things is actually vested in-government by an act to which forfeiture is attached,
seems incompatible with the idea of a right to elect
which of two things shall vest.

STAVT. Sz
Gnu:D3
AND
Tuozr-:

It seems, then, to be the necessary construction of the

act of congress that the United States acquired no

Vol, IIL

2z

TUt UxNTE ST-ATES
GiRuDY AND
-THoR.,N

SUPREME COURT'U. S. property in the Anthony 7fanfgin until they elected to pursue that part of the alternative given by the statute. Of consequence, the money-for which that vessel was sold, was not, at the time, received for the use of the United States ; but for the use of the creditors of the bankrupt.

To decide finally on the propriety of supporting the claim of the United States, as made in this action, under that branch of the statute which forfeits the vessel, another question still remains to be investigated. Has the doctrine of relation such an influence upon this casp, that an election subsequent to the sale shall carry back the title ofthe United States to the commission of the act of forfeiture, so as by this fiction of law t6 make them the real owners of the vessel at the time of sale, and consequently of the money for which she was sold?
Without a critical examination of the doctrine of -relation, it would seem to be a necessary part of that doctrine, that the title to a thing which is to relate back to some former time, must exist againsi the thing itself, not against some other thing which the claimant may wish to consider as its substitute. To carry back the title to the Anthony Zfangin to the act' of forfeiture, the title to the Anthony .fangin must have an actual existence. If no such title exists, then the right to elect the vessel is lost; and the statute has not forfeited the money for which she was sold in lieu of her. Suppose, instead of being sold by the defendants, she had been exchanged by Aquila Brown himself for another ship, would tl~at other ship have been forfeitable by the doctrine of relation in lieu of the Anthony Aangin PClearly not; for the statute gives no such forfeiture. The forfeiture attaches to thp thing itself, not to any article for which the thing may be exchanged.
The court will not inquire whether ath action on the case against Grundy & 7hornburgh,for money had and received to the use of the United States, be a proper action in which to establish a forfeiture for a fact committed by Aquila Brown. But some objections to it may be stated which deserve consideration. It certainly gives no notice of the nature of the claim, a cir.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

355

eumstance with which,.in a case like this, the ordinary rules of justice ought not to dispense. It asserts a claim founded on a crime yet remaining to be proved, not against the person who has committed that crime, or against him who possesses the thing which is liable for it, but against those who, though the assignees of the effects, are not the assignees of the torts committed by the bankrupt. It may change the nature of the de-
fence.

TrUnu.lxUT-D STATUS
Gu.,v
AND TOr.nm-

The court suggests these difficulties as probably constituting objections to the action, without deciding on them. The points previously deteimined show that it is not maintainable in this case, under that alternative of the statutp which subjects the vessel to forfeiture.

It remains to be inquired whether it cah be maintained under the provision which gives a right to sue for the value.

Upon this part of the case no doubt was ever-entertained. Not only must the declaration specially set forth the facts on which the right of the United States accrued, and the law which gives their title, but the action must be brought against the person who has committed the offence. Discarding those Wfords which relate to other objects, and reading those only bn which
the claim to the value is founded, the statute euacts that "in case any of the matters of fact in the said bati alleged whish shall be within the knowledge of the party so swearing, shall not be true, there shall be a forfeiture of the value of the vessel, in respect to which thq same shall have been made, to be recovered, with costs of suit, of the person by whom such oath shall have been. made." It certainly requires no commeptary on these words to prove that an action for the value can only be supported against the person who has taken the oath.

It being the opinion of the court that this action is not maintainable under any proof offered by the plaintiffs, it was deemed unnecessary to inquire whether the other exceptions in the record be well or ill founded.-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TXZ TUNTEP Without declaring any opinion respecting them, the

STATES
V.

judgment of the circuit court is affirmed.

CRUNDY AND
THORN-
BURGH.

Judgment affirmed.*:

The opinion of Yudge Winchester, in the case of the UnitedStatev v. the Anthony Mqngin, Norman, claimant, referred to in the argument, was as follows:
The libel is grounded on the statute, for enrolling and regestbsing; ships and vessels.
The proceeding being in rein, all the worll become parties to the sentence, as far as the right of property is ivolved ; and of course, all persons any wise interested in the property in question, are ad. missible to claim and defehd their intcrdsts.

,The libel states the cause of action, with all the averments necessary to tupport the affirmative allegation, that a forfeiture has acprued.
The only claimant intervening in this cause, is. T. IV. Norman, who alleges himself to be a purchaser bona fide, for a valuable consi-
deration, ignorant of any cause offorfeiture existing at the time f the
purchase; and under such purchase, L e. bona fide, -andfor valuable consideration, claiming the property as exonerated from the cause of forfeiture alleged, even if the facts stated to sustain the same be true, which he in no wise admits.

On these proceedings, several questions of law have been raised and argued by the counsel; and as the great point in the cause does
not appear to have ever received, either in this country or Great '3Britain, any direct judicial determination, I have, with great dillgence, examined into the questions, which, from the breaking the cause; I saw must necessarily be involved in the determination.

The opinion which I am now to give, though the result of more than usual investigation, is delivered with the diffidence which will ever attend the determination of an inferior court, upon a new, great, and important legal question, and which will, probably re,eeive, as it ought, the ultimate judgment of the supreme court.
It is necessary.to keep in difierent views, the questions of fact, :i f sgue, the quistions of law arising from those facts, and the par.
ties between whom they arise.
Itis to be distinctly remembered, that A. Brown, whose wilful perjury-i alleged to sustain the forfeiture sued for, is no party to this stlt; neither are his assignees, in any shape, parties to tils quit, to be directly affected by the judgment. Every consideration, therefore, which would support a prosecution against the actual offender, to recover the penalty of his wjlful crime, or which might be alleged against those who stand in his situation, as privics in law quo adthe forfeiture, must be laidout of te case.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

DOUGLASS
ANDMANDE-
VSLISZ
v. 'ALLIS-
TER.
'opinion,

February 17.
MARSHALL, Ch. J, The error complained of i6, that the circuit court did not give an opinionon a point proposed. The court was certainly bound to give an issue. if required, upon any point relevant to the

It appears, from the facts stated, that the cause of action did not accrue until the 19th of November, when the negotiation for a compromise was broken off. A tender of the flour at any time, after the 14th, and before the 19th, would have been a compliance with
the contract.

As the plaintiff claimed no more than the price of the flour on the 19th, and as the refusal of the court to instruct the jury, did not alter the verdict, which was
for the price on that day, and was for the same amount as if the opinion had been given, there is no error of
wNih the defendants could complain.

Judgment affirmed, with costs.

SIMMS AXB

SIMMS AND WISE v. SLACUM,

W.ISE ,V.

SLACUM.

A discIharge
from the 4"r. son-rules under the inSoI-
vent act of
Virginia, atthough obtfraainuedd, isbay dis-
fchaaurgei in due
eourve of a ;
anduponsuch discharge no action can be sustained up-
on thqprison. touwidebond.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Colum. bia, in an action of debt brought by Slacum, as assignee of Charles Turner, sergeant of the court of Hustings of 4lexandria, upon a prison-bounds-bond, in which Simns
was the principal and Wise the surety.
is The cimonidition of the bond was as follows: "Whereas esse Simms, in jail and custody, by virtue of a writ of capiasad satisfaciendum,sued out of the clerk's office of the court of Hustings, holden in Alexandria, dated the 12th day of August, 1800, at the suit of George Slacum, assignee of Charles Turner, sergeant of the court of Hustings aforesaid, for the sum of 1,285 dollars and 45

FEBRUARY, 1806.

xents, including all legal costs at the time of the caption aforesaid, having prayed the benefit of the *prisonrules, as laid out and bounded by order of the court of Hustings aforesaid, and having tendered the above bound Peter Wise, junior, as surety for the same, agreeable to an act of the general assembly in that case made and provided.

SIMMS AN*
Wisr
IV. SLACUM.

1 Now, if the said Jesse Simms do well and truly keep
himself within the prison-rules, as laid out and bounded
by the court of Hustings aforesaid, and from thence not depart, until he shall be dischargedby due courseof lav, or pay the aforesaid sum of 1,285 dollars and 45 cents to
the aforesaid George Slacum, assignee of Charles Turner, sergeant aforesail, then the above obligation to be void, or else to remain in full force," &c.

The pleadings were finally brought to this issue, wzoether Simms did departfrom theprisonrules-withoutbeing ,dischargedby due course of law P

At the trial, three bills of exceptions were taken by the defendants; but the only question decided by this court arose upon the third ; which stated, that after the execution of the bond, Simms uvas discharged by a warrant from two justices of the peace, under the authority of the insolvent act of Virginia ; and that being so discharged, and not before, he departed out of the rules. The plaintiff offered evidence to prove sundry acts of fraud committed by Simms, in order to procure the discharge; whereupon the counsel for the defendants prayed the opinion of the court, and their instruction to the jury, that if they should be of opinion, from the evidence, that frauds were committed individually by Simms, in obtaining his discharge, but without the participation of the magistrates who granted it, and without the participation of Wise, the other defendant, such frauds, so committed by Simms, could
not so far vitiate or avoid the said proceedings under the insolvent act, and the discharge so obtained by Simms, as to charge Wise, in this action, for a breach of the condition of the bond, by reason of Simms having left the' prison-rules by virtue of such discharge. 1Vhich instruction, the) court refused to give ; but were of opinion, and directed the jury, that if they should be of opinion, from the evidence, that any fraud was committed by Simms alone, in obtaining, or for the purpose of

SUPREME COURT U. S.
STUMS AND obtaining, the said warrant of discharge, though without Wasa .the concurrence of either of the magistrates, or of Wise,
SL V . in such fraud, it did avoid the discharge so obtained by %S'oy-.'.S Simms, so as to charge Wise in this acti6 n for a breach
of the said condition, by reason of Simms' having left the prisonrules by virtue of such a void discharge. To which refusal and instruction the defendants excepted.
The act of Assembly of Virginia, 1792, c. 67, concerning the county courts, § 15, P. P. 86,* authorises the county and corporation courts to lay oat, and mark the "bounds and rides" of their respective prisons ; and declares, that "every prisoner not committed for treftson or felony, giving good security to keep within the said rules, shall have liberty to walk therein, out of the prison, for the preservation of his or her health, and keeping continually within the said bounds, shall be adjudged in law a true prisoner."
The act of 1792, c. 79, concerning the escape of pri. soners, § 2, P. P. 119, provides, that if a prisoner, having given security for, and obtained the liberty of the prisonrules, shall escape and go out of the same, the sheriff shall immediately apply to a justice of the peace for an escape-warrant to, retake the prisoner, and give notice thereof to the creditor, and assign over to the creditor the bond taken for the liberty of the rules, who shall be obliged to receive the same ; and the creditor may proceed to take his debtor upon the escape-warrant ; and if he be retaken and committed to jail, the sureties in the prison-rules-bond, shall be discharged ; but if the debtor he not retaken on the warrant, and committed, the sureties are liable to the creditor. And the sheriff is not liable, unless the sureties were insufficient when taken.
By the 1st section of the act, the escape-warrant must be upon the oath of the sheriff, or some otbcr credible person.
The act of 1793, c. 151, for the relief of insolvent debtors, P. P. 303, authorises two justices of the peace to discharge insolvent debtors, and provides, that notice
'I AP. is used in this book as a reference to Pleasant& Pace'
edition of the Laws of Virginia, published in 1803. Octavo.

FEBRUAVY, 1806.

303

shall be given to the party at whose suit the prisoner is in execution. It declares also, that the warrant of dis-
charge shall be sufficient to indemnify the sheriff against any action of escape. And that the prisoner shall not be again imprisoned upon any judgment obtained previous to his taking the oath, unless by virtue .ofa ca. sa. issued by order of the court in which the judgment shall have been rendered.

Slums A.n WSE
SLAvGU.

The estate of the insolvent is vested in the sheriff. But the creditor may, on scirefacias,have a new ft. fa. to seize any property which the debtor may afterwards acquire.

6.Lee, for plaintiffs in error. A prisoner in the bounds is as much in jail as if within the walls of the prison.
The oath of the insolvent debtor was provided as the guard against fraud ; but the bond is only a substitute for walls to the prison-bounds. As to the surety, a discharge by a competent authority is conclusive.

The warrant of discharge is an indemnity to the sheriff, whether obtained by fraud or not. The act of assembly does nqt expressly provide, that it shall indemnify the surety 4s well as the sheriff, but he is within the same
reason.

The body of the debtor cannot be ietaken, unless by order of the court, on proof of fraud. In the case of fraud in the debtor alone, the remedy of the creditor is not by an escape-warrant, but by a new ca. sa. against his person, or a fi.fa. against hid goods.

The sheriff is bound to discharge the prisoner upon ke-
ceipt of the warrant ; if he disobeys it he is liable to an action of false imprisonment; and after obeying it, he cannot go before a justice of the peace, and swear it was an escape, so as to obtain an escape-warrant. If he cannot get an escape-warrant, he cannot assign the prison-rulesbond; for he is, by the act, only authorised to assign it when an escape has actually happened. The creditor is not bound to take an assignment; nor can he demand it. When, therefore, the debtor is discharged by a competent authority, the obligation of the bond ceases. It isfinctu.
oficio ; the surety is no longer liable for an escape. and is

304

3UPREME COURT U. S.

Simms A-D
WisE, .
V. .$LACUM.

as much discharged as if, after an escape, the debtor is retaken on an escape-warrant, and committed to jail.
The act of assembly did not intend that the bond should give the creditor a new security for his debt, or to place him in a better situation than he would be if his debtor were to remain within the stone walls of the jail. The bond was. intended for the ease and benefit of the debtor.

If the bond is a security against the fraud of the debtor, there are no bounds to the responsibility of-the surety.
The words " in due course of law," mean by authority of law; that is, by a competent legal authority.
Th'e notice required by the act to be given to the creditor, is to enable him to attend and show fraud if he can. But if the surety is answerable for fraud, it would be mord for the interest of the creditor not to show the fraud at that time, but to wait uitil it has had the effect of obtaining a discharge.
If a judgment at law is obtained by fraud, it is still a valid jttdgment until reversed.
Swann, for defendant in error. In England it is settled, that a discharge under an insolvent act must be free -from fraud or collusion, and in every respect regular. It is true that the warrant of discharge is primafacie evidence of a due discharge, and throws the burden of proof of fraud upon the other party. Esp. N. P. 167, 245. But fraud, when proved, will "avoid every hind ofact." I Burr.395. Brightv. Eynou.

In order to guard a creditor against the risk of his
debtor's escape, when allowed the liberty of the prisonrules, the law requires that the debtor should bind himself' in a penalty, and if he escapes, he is as much liable at law foi the penalty as his surety is, and the surety is as much bound as the debtor. The one is bound exactly as
the other is bound. If the penalty is forfeited as to one, it is forfeited as to the other. Whatever would make Simms liable upon the bond, would make Wise equally

FEBRUARY, 1806.

305

liable. If, then, Simms. had voluntarily escaped, he would have been liable to the penalty of his bond. But a discharge obtained by fraud and imposition is, as to him at least, void; otherwise, you permit a man to take Advantage of his own fraud ; for if the discharge is valid, it puts an end to his obligation upon his bond. A dis-
charge obtained by fraud. is, in substance, as much an escape, as if the prisoner had merely gone off in disguise, or imposed upon hiajailor by a borrowed dress. But it is a maxim of law, that no man shall gain an advantage
by his own fraud. If this fraudulent discharge dissolves the obligation of the bond, Simms gains an advantage by his own fraud; therefore, the fraudulent discharge cannot dissolve the obligation of the bond. If th6 obligation of the bond be not dissolved as to Simms, it is not as to Wise, for both are equally bound.

SxMms As.RP WVxsx
. SLA&CU2L

But the words of the condition of the bond are, that Simms shall not depart-theiefrom " until he shall be discharged BY DUE COURSE .OF LAW." A discharge obtained by fraud and imposition is not a discharge in due courseof law; on the contrary, it is aperversionof the course of law; the law is turned aside from its due course. Shall Simms be permitted to say, that his discharge, grounded on falsehood, fraud and imposition, is a discharge in due course of law ? If Simms cannot say it, Wise canot say it. Wise can avail himself of no defence at law which would not equally avail Simms.

There is a vast difference between the case of the
sheriff and that of the surety. The sheriff is bound to obey the warrant. All he has to inquire is, whether the justices had jurisdiction. He is only the officer of the law, and bound to execute all lawful precepts. Not so
the surety. He is a volunteer. He undertakes for the goodfaith of the debtor. He substitutes himself in his place, to the extent of the penalty.

It is not necessary thatthe sheriff should swear an es-

cape before he can assign the bond. It is true he cannot oblige the creditor to take the bond, unless an escape has

been sworn to ; but there is nothing in the law which forbids the sheriff to assign the bond, or the creditor to receive it, without such an oath.

VoL II

Rr

SmIus AND
V.
SL.CUM.
\jority

SUPREME COURT U. S.
February 19.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the maof the court.

This case depends on the construction of an act of the
legislature of Virginia, which allows the prison-rules to a debtor whose body is in execution, on his giving bond, with sufficient security, not to go out of the rules or bounds of the prison ; that is, while a prisoner. The
condition usually inserted is, not to depart theref'rom till he shall be discharged by due course of law, or shall pay the debt. The act further provides, that the prisoner, on delivering a shedule of his property on oath, to aitribunal constituted for the purpose, and pursuing certain steps prescribed in the law, shall be discharged, and all his property shallbe vested in the sheriff, for the benefit of the creditors at whose suit he is in execution.

In the case at bar, the forms of the law were observed, and a certificate of discharge obtained, after which the debtor departed from the rules. Conceiving this discharge to have been obtained by fraud, the creditor brought a suit upon the bond, and the court instructed the jury, that if a fraud had been practised by the debtor, although neither the justices who granted the certificate, nor the security, partook thereof, yet it avoided the discharge, and left the security liable in this action. To this opinion the defendants' counsel excepted, and upon that exception the cause is before this court.

The certificate of discharge may be granted either by the court sitting in its ordinary character for the transac-
tion ofjudicial business, or by two magistrates who are constituted by law an extraordinary court for this particular purpose. Whether granted in the one mode or the
other, it is of equal validity. In either case, the judgment of discharge is the judgment of a codrt, and, as such, is of complete obligation.

The judgments of a court of competent jurisdiction, although obtained by fraud, have never been considered as absolutely void ; and therefore, all acts performed tin-
der them are valid, so far as respects third persons. A

FEBRUARY, 1806.

sheriff who levies an execution under ajudgment fraudulently obtained, is not a trespasser, nor can the person who purchases at a sale under such an execution, be com-
pelled to relinquish the property he has purchased. All
acts performed under such a judgment are valid acts; all the legal consequences which follow a judgment are, with respect to third pei-sona, precisely the same in one obtained by fraud, as if it had been obtained fairly.

slums Am SLACUZ.

When the person who has committed the fraud attempts to avail himself of the act, so as to discharge himself from a previously existing obligation,.or to acquire a benefit, the judgment thus obtaiued is declared void as to that purpose ; but it may well be doubted, whether a penalty would be incurred, even by the person committing the fraud, for an act which thejudgment would sanction. Thus, if a debtor taken on mesne process escapes, he may be retaken by the authority of the sheriff, and if not retaken, the sheriff may be liable for an escape ; but if he fraudulently obtains audgment in his favour, in consequence of which he goes-at large, it has never teen imagined that the sheriff could-retake him on suspicion that
the judgment was fraudulent, or be liable for an escape on
the proof of such fraud.

Thus too, where, as in Virginia, an injunction has been
adjudged to discharge the body from confinement, if a debtor in execution, by false allegations, obtains an injunction whereby his body is discharged from prison, or from the rules, it ha" never been conjectured that the in-
junction thus awarded was void, and the acts p*rformed under it were to be considered as if the injunction had not
existed. In that case, it would not be alleged that there was an escape, and that the security to the bond for keep-
ing the rules was liable for the debt, because the discharge was fraudulently obtained; but the discharge would have all its legal effects, in like manner as if no imposition had
been practised on the judge by whom it was granted.

The judgment rendered in his favour may not shield the fraudulent debtor from an original claim, but it is believed that no case can be adduced, where an act, which is the legal consequence of a judgment, has in itself crea-
ted a new responsibility, even with respect to the party

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Sxums A 'D WISE
-V* SLACUM. \It

himself, much less with respect to third persons, who do not participate in the fraud.
would seem, then, upon general principles, that a debtor who has departed from the prison-rules under the authority of a judgment of discharge, granted in due form by a competent tribunal, has not committed an escape even to charge himself, much less a third person. Such a discharge might not be permitted to protect him from the original debt, even if the case had not been particularly provided for by statute ; but the act of departing from the rules, after being thus discharged, could not charge him with a new responsibility to which he was not before .liable, much less will it impose on his security a liability for the debt. Departing from the rules, after being discharged in due course of law, is not a breach of the condition of his bond.

-This opinion receives great additional strength from
those arguments, drawn from the objects and pyovisions of the act, which have been forcibly urged from the bar.

The objects of the act unquestionably are, not to in-
crease the security of the creditor, but to relieve the debtor from close imprisonment in the confined jails of the country, and to consult his health, by giving him the benefit of fresh air. But as this indulgence would furnish the means of escapinj from the custody of the officer, and thereby deprive the creditor of his person, it was thought necessary to guard against the danger which the indulgcnce itself created, not to guard against dangers totally
unconnected with this indulgence. Security, therefore, ought, in reason, to be required against a departure from
the rules without a lawful authority so to do, because the means of such departure were furnished by being allowed the use of the rules ; but security against a fraud in ob-
taining such authority need not be required, because the means of practising that fraud are not facilitated by granting the rules. They may be used by a debtor in closejail, as successfully as by a debtor admitted to the rules.

It is also a material circumstance in the construction of he act, that ample provision is made for the very case.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

309

A new capias may be awvarded to take the person of the debtor. This remedy is not allowed in the case of an escape ; and it is strong evidence that the legislature did not contemplate a departure from the rules, under a cer-tificate issued by proper authority, as an escape ; that the remedy given the creditor is competent to a redress of the injury, replaces him in the situation in which he was be-
fore it was committed, aind is not founded on the idea that there has been an escape.

Simis AND WISn SLACUM.

The argument founded on the provisions respecting the property of the debtor, also bear strongly on the case. They confirm the opinion, that a departure from the rules, under a certificate of discharge grantedby a proper tribunal, ought not to be considered as an escape. So, too, does that provipion of the act 'which requires notice to the creditor and not to the security.

Without reviewing the various additional arguments -which have been suggested at the bar, the co'irt is of opinion, that upon general principles, strengthened by a particular consideration of the act itself, a departure from the rules under such an authority as is stated in the pro-
ceedings, is not an escape which can charge the security in the bond for keeping the prison-rules, although that authority was obtained by a fraudulent representation on the part of the debtor, neither the magistrates nor the security having participated in that fraud;

There is error, therefore, in the instruction given to the jury, as stated in the third bill of exceptions, for which the judgment is to be reversed, and the cause remanded for further trial.
Judgment reversed.

PATERSON, J. As to the third exception, which em-
braces the main point in the cause, my opinion differs from the opinion of the majority of the court, and accords with the direction given by the court below. The condition of the bond is, "that Simms do well and truly keep himself within the prison-rules, and thence not to depart until he shall be discharged by due course of law, or pay the sum of 1,285 dollars and 45 cents, to George Slacum,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

SzzlmMxs WVI.sE
SLACUM.

assignee," &c. The act that will not exonerate the principal, will not exonerate the surety, from the obligation
which they have entered into ; for the surety stands on Sthe same floor as the principal, and assumes the like clfa-
racter of responsibility, in regard to the terms specified in the condition of the bond. The benefit of the act of
insolvency, if obtained by fraud or perjury on the part of Simms, will be unavailing, nnd his going beyond the limits of the prison, in consequence or under colour of a discharge, thus procuifed, will be an invalid and unwarrantable departure. Fraud infects the decision ; and the legal principle is, that the fraudulent person shall not be suffered to protect himself by his own fraudulent act. If he should, then a judgment, which is laid in fraud, will, as in the present case, operate to the extinction of a legal, pre-existing obligation or contract. But a discharge, fraudulently obtained, is of no virtue-of no operation ; and is, in truth and in law, no discharge ; it has neither legal effect, nor even legal existence as to the party himself, and the surety, who stands in his shoes. If the judgment be of no avail as to the principal, it will be of no avail as to the surety ; it cannot be ineffectual as to the one, and operative as to the other. The discharge must be legal to be valid, and to exonerate the surety from the special condition of the bond. The judgment itself is a fraud on the law ; and I can discern no difference be,tween the debtor's going beyond the prison-bounds voluntarily, or under colour of a judgment so obtained; except, that the latter is a case of deeper die, and less excusable in a legal and moral view than the former.

Although Simms is liable to be imprisoned by virtue of a new process, yet lie may have gone out of the jurisdiction of the court ; or if not, Slacum will be deprived of the benefit of the bond which Simms and Wise executed.

The sheriff stands on different ground ; for he is ex-
onerated from all liability, by an express provision in the statute. Besides, if the justices have jurisdiction of the subject, and should not exceed their jurisdiction, it is not incumbent on the sheriff to examine into the regularity, fairness, and validity of their proceedings and judgment ; he looks at the irstrument of discharge, which, emanating

FEBRUARY, 1806.

311

from a competent authority, it is his duty to obey. But though the discharge may excuse the sheriff, as an officer of the court, it will not excuse the party, nor his surety. As to them, it is inoperative, and of no legal efficacy.

STUNs AND
WVsS
VF.
SLACUN. -...-.

HARRIS v. JOHNSTON.

V-.

Jo i uNSTO X.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Co- An action lumbia, sitting at Alexandria, in an action of assmp- aobe

maintained,
sit, for goods sold and delivered, and money had and on an original

received,

contract for

ganooddds elsiovledr.

The defendant pleaded the general issue, and upon ed, by a per.

the trial took two bills of exceptions,

sreocneievved haas

The first stated, that this action was commenced on the 10th of July, 1801, and that on the trial the plaintiff offered evidence of the sale and delivery of goods, to the amount of 2,149 dollars and 33 cents.

That the defendant offered in evidence a bill of par-

eels of the same goods, writing of the plaintiff,

rendered Johnston,

by and in the amounting to

hand644.

note as condi-
tionaf pay. ment, and has passed away thAatbniloltoef.par-
cels delivered
byl, stating tbahoneudgghot,odiosfsnaDot)g

16s. Virginia currency, containing a particular accoupt conclusive

of rum and sugar, beginning with these words : "113r.eridence aTheophius Harris, bought of DunlParp') & 7ohnston," at thaelgsoto,ds that

the foot of which bill was the following receipt, signed were thejoint

by the plaintiff: "Received, Messrs. Clingman and property of 2

Magaw's note for the above sum,

payable to

the order

adr. butthe
real circum-

of Yohn Towers, or order, indorsed by John Towers stances may

and Theophilus Harris, payable the 2d April, 1798, when paid, received in full ;" which bill was rendered to the defendant by the plaintiff, at the time of the sale and delivery,
The defendant further offered evidence to prove,

be explained by parol.
If partofthi
goods were the sole pro.
perty of 1), mduied'tthhee rroesei.

that the note in that receipt mentioned, was delivered property ofr, to the defendant with the blank indorsement of Tow- and if I had ers, and by the defendant indorsed in blank to the plain- uthorityfrom tiff, at the time of the sale and delivery of the goods, pDa,rtt,o s_erlmlaaey

FEBRUARY, 1806.

219

sioned by the obvious injustice, of allowing to thesame person a double satisfaction, and of withholding from the debtor, who bad paid for the note before lie could indorse it, and who would be compelled, by the judgment, to pay for the goods, on account of which he had parted with it, the right of resofting to his indorsor. - But, if it was indispensable to ihow, that-Dunlap has, a remedy against Harris, it is supposed, that
the holder of a note may incontestibly sue a remote indorsor in chancery, and compelpayment of it.

The- case of Young & Clarke, decided in this court, does not apply, because, in that case, the plaintiff below had not parted with his property in the note.

The court does not think that the order (made after the judgment was rendered) for the rendition of the ,note to the defendant below, can correct the error committed in misdirecting thdjury.

The judgment is to be reversed, for error in directing the jury that the action was &inintainableon the original contract, after the note receivesL as conditional payment had been indorsed.

H,%sIs V,,.

DIXON'S EXECUTORS v. RAMSAY'S 'EXECUTORS.

])xo. Os
EXECUTORS V.
EXECUTORS.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Co- An qxecutor

lumbi,

upon a judgment in favour of the defendants; cannot%mai. tain a suit -in

upon a general demurrer to their plea, which (after oyer t district of

of the plaintiff's letters testamentary) stated, that the Columbia,

defendants' testator, at the time of making the promises, tuepsotanmelnettatrrys

&c. and from thence, .always, until his death, re- granted in a

sided in the town of Alexandria, in the county of foreign coun-

Alexandria, in the district of Columbia, and that the trYi

defendants have always resided in the same town, and the testator's

that the plaintiffs have not obtained probat of the said personal pro-

SUPREME. COURT U. S.

.Dzxox's ZXzEGUTORS
V.
·RA~1sAY's
FxrobTos.
'whether
perty, are
to be regulatedbythelaws ofthe country where he lived; but suits for those rightsmustbe overned b
e laws of that country in which the tribunal is placed.

letters testamentary, at any place within the district o Columbia, or the United States of America.
.E. Yt. Lee, for the plaintiffs in error. The question is, the plaintiffs must take out letters testamentary
in the district of Columbia, before they can maintain an action as executors.
There is nothing in the laws of Virginia, which rc. quires that letters testamentary should be there taken out upon a foreign will, provided they have been taken out in the country where the testator lived and died. The 14th section of the act of Virginia, P. P. 162, relates only to the title to lands under a will.
If, then, there is nothing required by the laws of Virginia, the right, and the powers of the executors depend upon the rules of the civil law, and the law of that country of which the testator was a subject.

By the law of England, an executor may commence suit before the probat. 1 Com. Dig. 2 Bac. db. 413.

The very naming of an executor is a disposition to him, of all the testator's personal estate, for he comes in loco testqtoris, and is entitled to the surplus, after payment of debts and legacies, 2 Bac. A4b. 423. He derives
all his power, not, like an administrator, from'the govern. ment of the country, but from the will of his testator.

The debts due to the estate, follow the person of the creditor, notthat of the debtor, and the disposition of them is to be governed by the laws of that country of
which the testator was a subject. 2 Bos. and Pul. 229, 230, Bruce v. Bruce. 3 Vez. jun. 200, Benzpde v. 7ohnstone. Aplendix to Cooper's Bankrupt law, 29, Babille's opinion. Vrattel, b. 2, ch. 3, § 8, 109, 110, 111. 3 Dallas, 370, 377. (note.) 4 T. R. 184, 175, Hunter v. Potts.

The case of Fenwick v. Sears, ante, vol. 1. p. 259, was that of an administrator who derives his whole
authority from the laws of the place ; it therefore can. not decide the present case, which is that of an executor
who derives his whole authority from the will of his

FEBRUARY, 1806.

testator. That case, too, was decided under the pecu. Dixo'.0a liar laws of Maryland, which differ from those of Vir- ExcCUV.ToRS ginia upon this subject. By the law of Mfaryland, R^2'SAY'S' 1798, ch. 101, § 4, no alien can be an executor or qd- ExEcUToS.
ministrator.

But it is said,. that the rights of creditors require that the executor should give security for the faithful
administration of the estate. But this would be of no avail, if the executor, after giving security, should choose to return to England. For, according to the deci-
sibn of the court of appeals of Virginia, in the case of Baylor's executors, a creditor cannot'maintain an action against the sureties of an executor, until he has proved his debt by an action andjudgment against the executor, and pro'ied a devastavit also, by a suit. But he can never get a judgment against an executor, whd is not found in the state; and, consequently, can never have judgment against the surety. But if an executor be absent, the creditor may, in chancery, attach the assets. A voluntary payment to an executor, without
letters testamentary, in Virginia, is good. Why, then,
should not the executor be permitted to sue ?

If no purpose of justice is to be answered by refusing the right to sue; and, if it is not refused by the positive laws of Virginia, a strong argument may be
drawn from the inconvenience of obliging an executor to procure letters testamentary in every state in the union, and, perhaps, for very trifling debts,

Swann, contra. The case of I'enwick v. Sears, has
settled the question, as to a foreign administrator. In what does that differ from the case of a foreign executor? It is said, that the latter derives his authority from the will, which is an universal title. But the authority under the will is inchoate, until completed
by the probat, and is limited to very few acts. It is certain, that an executor, before probat, cannot obtain a judgment. The ordinary in England, and the court in Virginia, may refuse an executor, who is under a disability; for example, an alien enemy; an infant under seventeen; an ideot, &c. Until, therefore, he is

Vol. Ill.

T t

SUPREME COURT U. S.
Drkaois received, his capacity to act is not decided by the only
EXECUTORS
RA competent tribunal. RLMSAY's EXECUTQRS. In England, the ordinary cannot require security,
~ from an executor, 2 Bac. Ab..76, 377 ; it can only be
done by the court of chancery considering him as a trustee, when there is good ground to apprehe'nd his wasting the estate. In Virginia, the interest of creditors, legatees and distributees, is attended to. Yet their interest might be destroyed, if the executor was permitted to receive money, or give an acquittance before he had given security. It is, therefore, ques tionable, whether an executor, in Virginia, can do any valid act, until he has qualified himself according to law.
It is also doubtful whether the assets can be attathed, 3 Wilson, 297 ; for that would invert the order of administration. If they cannot, a foreign executor might, byhis attorniy, withdraw all the assets, and leave the creditors without remedy. A judgment-creditor here would have a preference. But if he sues in Engt land upon a judgment of this country, his claim is reduced to i simple contrhct.
Probat in a peculiar jurisdiction, will not support z suit out of that jurisdiction. It would be strange, therefore, if a probat, even in the .prerogative. court, which is the present case; should extend across the Atlantic into a foreign country. 1 Id. Ray. 562, Hilliard v. Cox. 2 Ld, Ray. 855, 856, ddams v. Savage.
The laws of Virginia have-provided for the probat of all wills, foreign as well as domestic. P. Ai 162, § 14 and 15.
C. Lee, in reply. By the divil law, the executor succeeds to all the moyeables, and personal estate, and credits of his testator, His title is derived from the will, and his powers are as greatas those of his testator were. 2 BI. Conz. 510.

FEBRUARY, 18o6.

323

Thewill istobe proved where the testator died, and the property is to be distribufed according to the laws of that country.
The whole estate, wherever situated, js to be distributed according to ore law. If a foreign executor should give bond inVirginia, by 'hich law is he to be governed? Can there be two executors of the same will, governed by different laws, as to their administration? Can strangers interfereand get administration? It is true, the municipal laws may bind property in the country; but if no such laws, then the property is governed by the laws of the country where the testator had his domicil. Security ought not to be required here, if not required in England; and if taken in England, it ought not to be required here. (See Target's opinion upon the Dutchess of Ki'ngston's will, in collectaneajuridca.)

Dzxo~,'s ExncV%u.Tv.s
RAUsAvr'
E.ZCUTOnS.

February 19.

MARtSHALL, Cb. J. delivered the opinion of the court.

The question in this case is, whether the executor of a person who dies in a foreign country, can maintain an action in this, by virtue of letters testamentary, granted to him in his own country.

It'is contended, that this case d;ffers from that of an administrator, which was formerly decided in this court, because an- administrator derives his power over the estate of his intestate, from the grant of the
administration ; but an executor derives it from the will of his testator, which has invested him with hi whole personal estate, wherever it may be.

This distinction- does certainly exist; but the consequences deduced from it, do noi seem to follow. If an executor derived from the will of his testator, a power to maintain a suit, and obtain a judgment for a debt due to his testator, it would seem reasonable that
he should exercise that power, wherever the authority of tha will was acknowledged; but if he maintains the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

DIXON'S ZXECUTORS
V. RAMSAY'S
IXZOUTqORS.

suit by virtue of his-letters testamentary, be can only sue in courts to which the power of those letters extends. It is not, and cannot be denied, that he sues by
virtue of his letters testamentary; and consequently, in this particular, he comes within the principle which was decided by the court, in the case of an administrator.

All rights to personal property ate admitted to be regulated by the laws of the country in which the testatot lived; but the suits for those rights must be governed by the laws of that country in which the tribunal is placed. No man can sue in the courts of any country, whatever his rights may be, unless in conformity with the rules prescribed by the laws of that country.

The court can perceive the inconvenience which may
often result from this principle, but it is an inconvenience for which no remedy is within the reach of this tribunal.

Judgment affirmed.

Scorr
V. NGrxo Lox-
DON.

SCOTT v. NEGRO LONDON.

If the owner of a slave removing into Virginia, shall take the oath required by the actor assirenmsibxltyy, wdiatyhs-

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Colum. ba, sitting at Alexandria.
Negro London .brought an action of assault and battery against Scott, to try his right to freedom. His claint was grounded upon the act of assembly of Virginia, of the 17th December, 1792, P. P. 186 ; the 2dsection of

after the removal of the owner, it shall prevent the slave from gaining his feedom, al-
thoughghe was brought

which is in these words: "Slaves which shall hereafter be brought into this commonwealth, and kept therein one whole year together, or so long at different times as shall amount to one year, shall be free."
The 3d section imposes a penalty upon every person importing slaves contrary to the act.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

249-

.Ifthe allegations of the bil had stated. any contract subsequent to the condemnation, by which captain Eve had made himself atrustee, the previous moral obligation might have furnished a sufficient consideration for that contract. But the allegations of the bill are not sufficient-
ly explicit on this point. They do not make out such a case. His declarations appear to have been cotempora-
neotis with the transaction, and only to have manifested the intention under which he acted, an intention which he was at liberty to change.

Judgment affirmed.

HAMsnAr
V.

3VONTALET v.. -MURRAY.
-V.

MONTALRT

MARSHALL, Ch. J. stated the practice of the -court to be, that where there is nd appearance for the plaintiff in error, -the defendant may have the plaintiff called, and dismiss the writ of error; or may open the record, and pray for ti affirmance.
P. B; Key, for defendant, had the plaintiff called.
Dismissed.
The Chief justice also staed, in answer to a question -from the clerk, that, insuch cases, costs go ofcourse.

Ifthe plaint's in error doe thet defendant may either have the plaintiff tal. ed, and dismiss the writ ofeor, wit costs, ar be mIL opn th,-
n for an ad-
".i~Lac.

SARAH AND ABIGAIL SILSBY, -. THOMAS S. &VI) A.

YOUNG AND ENOCH SILSBY.

SLSY

V.

YOUNG J.np

S,L51Y.

THIS was a writ of error to the circuit court of the D. devised

United States for the district of Georgia, to revwrse the ltohhiiss eexsetcaut*decree of that court, which dismissed the/bill ofthe com- tor in trust, to

'pl inants, Sarah and Abigail Silsby.

convert the

sameinto mo.

Daniel Silsby, the brother of the compiainants, and un-eya, dafter cle of the defendant, Enoch Silsby, being seised and pos- debt,, to in.

VoL IIL

K k

SUPREME COURT U.31

S. AM) A. sessedof real ahd persorialestate in-England and in thq state. SXLSBY of Georgia, by his will; made in England, on.the 11th of
V.
YouNG ANn January, 191, devised p1l'his estate to his executor W. SxZssy. Gouthit, of London, lo t&ust to turn the same into moxey$ or secu'rities for money, and after payment of his'debts
v s thesur- to place out the surplus upon any public br private secu-

fuds, or put iUout on interest. He then b1,e5q0u0!e.attohEs . to
be paid at the ageof2l,subject to the subsequent provisoes-and directs 1,0OOL tobesetapart, 2nd. the inteestto p.ai r.OS. during

rities upon interest, or to invest it in the.ptblic funds.

He then bequeaths to his niphew5 Enoch Silsby, 1,500N sterling, to be paid to him at 21 years 9f age "subject, to

theprovisoes hereinaftermentioned," and directed the interest to be paid to his guardian during his minority, to be applied to his maintenance and education.

t d

h u

o

Hq then drects his trustee to set apart 1,000l.sterling

and pay the interest thereof to his sister Sat ah, during her

life forher sole and separate use and disposal, and in case

of her death witho-u·t-issue, the principal was to be paid

'her life, and over to Enoch. A similar -provision was made for his atterbqueath- sister Abigail, the other bomplainant. And after betiunngi'aortherle pge-- qI uea- thing several othex pecuniary leg,acies, he uses the fo.l.-
hi-a say lowing words: "Provided always, and I do hereby ex-

provided "that in case the per8enal estate, and the produce arising from the real estate which , -shall ce abised. and Vssssed of, als not be
cufficien to
answer the said annuities and le;aS're herein befr by me bequeathed, then, and in xuch case, I
, airectthatthe

pressly declare it to be my will and meaning, that'in case the personal estate, and the produce arising from the real estate which I shall die seised and possessed of, shall not
be sufficient to afnswer the said annuities and legacies harein before by me bequeathed, then and in such case, I direct that the said annuities and legacies so by me given
and bequeathedl, shall not abate in proportion; but that the whole of such deficiency (if any there shall be) shall be deducted out of the said sum of one thousand five hundred'pounds herein before by me bequeathed to nv said nephew, Enoch Silsby.-And in case the personal esthtt, and the produce arising from the sale of-the ieal estate, which I shall die seised. and possessed "of, shall be more than sufficient to answer and-satisfy the stveral an-
nuities or legacies herein before by iahe bequeathed, then, and in such case, I give and bequeath'the.surplus'and residue which shiall so exceed the purposes of this my will unto my inephey, Enoch Silsby,¢ subject to such conditions

vod legacies as are herein hbekrt in this .my will mentioned,' and con-

s by ne be- tained, touchinaand conceining the said sum of one thou-

queathed.shll sand five hundred pounds sterling, so by me bequeathed

rt abatein
propatrtioni

as is herein before particular.y me.ntioned."

FEBRUWARY, 1806.

2SI

The testator died at Ostend on his way to the United S. A-ND A. States, in February, 1791, -Ie5ving real and personal SILsY V. estate more than sufficient to pay all the debts and le. YOUNG AND gacies, and which came to the hands of Gouthit, the SL3saY.

executor, wljo paid all the debts and all'the legacies, ex.

cepting those bequeathed to the complainants, and to the but the vholo defendant, Enoch Silsby, and another legacy of 500L to of such defi.
ciency Cif any Daniel Silsby Curtain; but upon these ha regularly the shall

paid the interest until the year 1796, ivhen he became be) shall be

bankrupt.

deducted out

·

obfeqtuheeat1h,5e0d0t1o.

The testator in his will mentions that he has in the b.-, hm hands of Harrison, Ansty and Co., of Lohdon, 5,0001. -he also makes
sterling, for which they allow him an interest of 5 per hleigsatreees.iduTahrye

cent per annum.

estate was

magrethansu-

Gouthit, in his letter to the complainants of Sept. 7, ficient, f th .tim t he tez1791, says, "I have an excellent offer-a mortgage for tates death,

2,000/. which, if you think well, I will take it: for if I to pay al . shtuld.at 'any time see well to place it any where else, debts, annul, by giving six months notice it would be paid. It is on Uesbuadeg.

anestate in Manchester, one ofthe greatest trading towns in this kingd"om", and I can mahke you 5 per cent sterling on it, which will, you know, be 50/ a yea for each of
you, and you may have it paid as you please, but every six months I think would be best. The gentleman I
mean to lend the money to is anold acquaintance of

wvarda, by the ktiavejPxcta,,,,otf 'bAeCc'ammWe iOix?is'-ufficient-held that .'s lega.
le a.

your brother's, and the estate is worth 5,0001. He does ble to S.4 an,;

but want 2,0001. so you know nothing can be safer on nuity.

earth, and I will have the deed so recited as to set forth
the money is for youruse, &. This, I doubt not, but will meet your approbation. I have taken no money out of Harrison's hands, nor even'interest, as I have no doubts of its safety, and the interest is going on."

In answer to which, the, complainants write him oix the 1st of Feb. 1792, "Yours of September the 7th, you mention an old friend of our dear brother's wanting to hire the. 2,000!. on mortgage. We would willingly oblige him, but cannot. We choose to let it remain
just as our brother left it, and shall draw on yot
eyfry six'months for our interest,"

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S, .&D A. Gouthit, before his .bankruptcy, drew all the money SILSBY Out of the hands of Harrison, Ansty and Co. who were,

V

o

tOUNG AND -and always have been, solvent, and in good credit. He SILSaY. never placed 6ut in any specific funds, the 2,000/. from 0 m which the complainants' annuities were 'to arise.

On the'i0th Dechmber, 1791, Gouthit sent a power of aftorney to the defendant, Thomas Young, of Savannah, in Georgia, to collect the effects of the testator in that state, under which powerYoungobtained letters of administrationwith the will annexed, and took intohispossession all the property there, some part of which he paid over to Gouthit. -He also, in the year 1800,-paid the legacy due to Daniel Silsby Curtain, and part of the 1,5001. legacy to Enoch Silsby. Considerable debts due to the estate are still outstanding in Georgia.
At the time of Gouthit's bankruptcy he was indebted to the estate of histestator inthe sum of 5,380/. MsZ.2d. sterling, but the commissioners refused to admit him as executor of the testator to proee the same as a creditor of his own estatie., wh 9 reupon the legatees, who had not been paid, petitioned he Lord Chancellor of England, that Gouthit might be so admitted to prove the debt for their benefit, which his Lordship decreed accordingly ; and a dividend of 4031. 10s. 10d. sterling was received by the accoimtant-general of the court of chancery, but no part of that sum has been received by the complainants.
Enoch Silsby, filed a bill in equity in the circuit court of the United States,-for the district of Georgia, against Young, to compel him to account, and pay over to him, as residuary legatee, all the estate remaining in the hands of Youne.
The complainants, Sarah and Abigail, filed the pre. .sent bill in equity in the same court against both Thomas Young and Enoch Silsby, praying that Enoch's legacy of 1,5001. may abate in favour of their legacies, and that they may chdge the residue of the estate for the balance, and have their 2,0001. placed out on good se. curity according to the will, and that they may be paid thearrearages of their annuities out ofthe 1,5001. legacy,

FEBRUARY, 1806.

253

and out of the residue of the estate which carpe to the hands of Young.
The judge below (judge Stephens) dismissed the present bill, ,and decreed, that Young should account to Enoch Silsby, upon the other bill in Which Etnoch Silsby was complainant, and Thomas Young, defendant.

S. IM A.
SILSXar.
S .
YoVio AND
SIr, iB.

llorsell, for plaintiffs in error.

1st. If the plaintiffs have not discharged the general funds, they are entitled to the relief they pr-4y for.

2d. They have not discharged those funds, nor relinquished their claim upon the whole estate 9f the tes.
tator.

It is true, that if one legatee, by diligence, has'got his legacy- he shall not be obliged to refund, in case of a subsequent waste of effects by the executor; but: that
is only where all the legacies are phyable at one time, and the legatees are in a capacity to compel the payment of their legacies.

In the present case, the principal of the legacies to the complainants, was not to be paid. to them. The testator had directed his executor to set apart2,0001. sterling, and t6 pay the interest only, to the complainants during their lives. It was, therefore, a bequ'est
of an annuity merely. There was nothing for the complainants to do. They had no right to designate the funds, which should be set apart by the executor, in whom alone was vested the right and the power to make the appropriation. By the words of the will, if the estate should not be sufficient to pay all the lega-
cies, yet thd complainants were not to suffer. But the defendant; Young, having paid some of the legacies in full, has thereby admitted assets for all. The complainants having regularly received their annuities to the year 1796, when Gouthit, the executor, became bankrupt, had no right to complain, and had no rea.
son to press for a specific appropriation of the money, from which their annuities were to be paid. They knew fhat the whole estate stood chargeable to them

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S. AND A. SILSHY
V.
YoUNG AND
siLSB.

until their 2,0001. were set apart, according to the directions of the will., -The residuary legatee cannot
avail himself of a breach of trust by the executor, to the injury of the complainants, who claim under the same. trust. The executor was not bound by the will to give any security, nor could the complainants call upon him therefor.,

The time at which the 'estate should be insufficient to pay all.the legacies, so as to enabfe the complainants to call upon the residuary legatee, is not designated by
the will in express terms ; but it is clear, that the time of the death of the testator, was not the time he contemplated ; because, after directing his executoar to sell his real estate, he says, ",in case 'the personal estate, and the produce arisingfrom the realestate, which. I
shall die seised and poss'essed of, shall not be sufficient," &c. thereby'contemplating a period after "iis death, and sufficiently distant to enable his executor to sell the real estate. The words of the will are "sufficient to answer the said annuities." How long? The answer is obvious ;. as long as the annuities are to be paid, which was during the lives of the complain.
ants. The residuary legatee was, therefore, to answer for the insufficiency, if it happened at any tithc, during their lives.

The case of M7karsh v.Evans, I P. Will. 668, is very
similar to the present. The testator gave to each of his two sons, and to his daughter, 2,0001.' a piece, " with a proviso, that if his assets shall fall short for the pay. ment of these legacies, still the daughter shall .be paid
her full legacy, and that the abatement shall be borne proportionably out of the sons' legacies only." " The
testator left sufficient to pay all the legacies, but the ex. ecutrix wasted the assets, and by that means only, a deficiency happened."

The mister of the rolls decreed, that the daughter
should abate equally with the sons. But the Lord Chancellor reversed'the decree, and directed, that the daughter should have her full legacy, and that tho abatement should be out of those of the sons only.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

255

It is unimportant to the complainants by what means S. AIuD,. the assets became insufficient, inasmch as -he testa- SI L5Y
V.
tor intended to secure their annunities at all events.. Youlo A2 It was the testator, and not the complainants, vho S)lizy. trusted the executor.

The legacy of 1,5001. to Enoch is (as far as the comilainants are concerned) to be considered as a resi-
duary legacy ; because, by the express words of thewill, it is placed upon the same ground ; and nothing can be taken by the residuary legatee, until all the debts and particular legacies are paid. 2 Id. Rayn. 1320. Spendlove v. Aldrich.

The cas6 of Orr v. Kaines, 2 Pez. 193, shows, that it
is an established rule, that if an executor pays. one legatee in full, he thereby admits assets to pay all the
others.

2d. The complainants have not, by any. act, waived their right to come upon the whole estate, nor for-
feited that right by any laches.

The letter of February, 1792, is a mere. refusal to
sanction any thing not required or directed by the will. The complainants say, that they choose to let it(i. e. the 2,00oL provided by theii testator as a fund for the paymentof their annuities) remain just as the testator
it. It is not even a hint that they meant to rely on"
!te money in the hands of Harrison, Austy & Co.
and if it was, yet they had no power to prevent the executor from drawing those funds'out of the hands of that house ; nor did it have that effect, for Gouthit did actually withdraw them, and apply them to other pur-
'poses.

The complainants were not bound to call upon the
executor to designate the funds set apart for the pay. ment oT their annuities ; and as long as they were regularly paid, they had no Cause to suspect the solvency and the honesty of Gouthit, on whom their testator had chosen to bestow his confidence. They cannot, therefore, be charged with laches.

S'S.IA LsD BYc A.

SUPREME COURT U. S. ed,.jarp;er, for the defendant, Enoch Silsby, contend.,

YOUNG; ANXD
SILSBY.
4

1st. That as the estate was sufficient at the tine of the testator's death, and became insufficient, long af-
terwards, by the default of the executor, the contin. gency has not happened upon which the will fenders
Enoch Silsby's legacy of 1,5001. liable solely to abatement' and that he is, therefore, entitled to receive the whole; or, at most, is liable only to an abatement, pro rata, with.the other legatees.

2d. That the complainant4, by their acts, made their
election -to depend on the estate in England, and on the security of Gouthit, and, therefore, cannot resort to-the residue in this country.

3d. That if their acts do not amount to such an election as will preclude them from resorting to the residue, yet their laches, in omitting to take steps for compelling the executor to place out their legacies on public or private securities, according to the will, ought to have that effect.

The complainants were of full age at the time of making the will. The defendant, Enoch Silsby, was an infant for a long time after the testator's death. There is a limitation over to Enoch of the principal sum of the complainant's legacies. By their conduct he has lost the reversion of the 2,0001. and of 1,2001. the surplus. It is not just that the loss should fall upon him who was then an infant. The claim of the
complainants would sweep every thing from Enoch, who was the peculiar object of the testator's bounty. The defendant, Young, must take the consequences of his own act, if he has paid any of the legatees in full. He is solvent, and having, by his act, admitted, assets, the complainants cannot resort to the residuary legatee.

But the testator died possessed of estate enough to
pay all the debts and legacies ; and, therefore, Enoch's legacy of 1,5001. by the terms of the will; is not bound t6 abate.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

If the testator meant to give the complainants their S. Am A. legacies at all events, he would have said so. He SILVs.V knew that he had enough to pay all at the time of ma. Yoa)o AIM king his will, but accidents might happen before his SxIsnV. death, and it wa to guard against those only, thathe k y provided for the case of insufficiency,

There is a great difference between this case and that of Marsh v4 Evans, cited irom I P. Will.,668. Ia that case theproviso was, that " if his assets should fall short." The word assets is technical, and refers to the estate after his death. The legacies were not payable until his children should be of full age, and
the whole expression evidently alludes to a state of things which might happen, at any time between his
death and the time when the legacies would become
payable,

But in the present case, the testator meapt to refer to the time of his death; if there should then be an insufficiency to pay all, Enoch's 1,500l. should abate,
but not otherwise.

The anonymous case in 1. P. Will. 495, establishes
the rule, that if one legateei by diligence, obtains his legacy, and the ekecutor having had sufficient assets, wastes them, and occasions a deficiency, the legatee shall not be obliged to refund.

In the case of Walcot v. Hall, 23d. February, 1788, 3d vol. of Supplement to "ner, p. 432, the distinction is taken between a deficiency at the time of the death, and that which arises afterwards,

The case of Orr v. Kaines, 2 Vez. 194, shows, that where there was an original sufficiency of assets, and the executor remains solvent, the legatees shall not refund.

As Young is solvent, the complainants cannot oblige

the other legatees to refund, unless there was an on-. ginal deficiency of assets.

VoL I.

L I

-S. Awn A.
SILSSY
Y.Uo AN S31ziy.

258 '

SUPREME COURT U. S.

2d. As to the acts.of the complainants.

Their letter to Gouthit prevented the 2,0001. fro'm being put out on security. It is, therefore, the same thing, in effect, as if the executor had, at their request, put it out on a security which had failed.

But they have actually made choice of the security.

They khew the money was in the hands of Harrison,

'Atonsletyt

i&t rCemo.aianndjuisnt

their letter as our

they say,

"we

choose

brother left it;" that is, in

the hands of Harrison, Ansty & Co. After having

done that Gouthit remained their agent for the pur-

pose of diawing and. remitting the interest. They

*were the only legatees who were of age; and capable of

assenting to such a disposition of their legacies. The

other legatees.were infants. If the complainants had

directed the 2,000!. to remain in the hands of the ex-

ecutor, and he had failed, they must have sustained

the loss. By refusing his offer t6 place it out on

mortgage, they have, in effect, assented to his retaining

it, and'he having failed, they must submit to the con-

sequence. If they had assented to his offer, thc money

would have been safe, and the defendant, Enoch, would

not have lost his chance of the reversion. If the exe-

cutor himself had placed it out on security, and set it

apart, according to the directions of the will, and it

had been lost, they could never have called upon the

residuary legatee.

3d. But the complainants have been guilty of laches, in not compelling the executor to place out the money
on security. They had early notice of the will, and took no measures to have their legacies secured, until
the failure of Gouthit, which -*as six years after the testator's death. -By this neglect, Enoch has lost his reveralon. He was a minor,. and, therefore, no laches can be imputed to him.

P. B. Key, for the defendants.

14t. As to Young.

FEBRUARY, 1806.

He considers himself as a stake-holder only. If the complainants are entitled to be first paid, he holds for them; if not, then he holds for the defendant, Enoch.
If there is an original deficiency of assets, and one legatee receives the whole of his legacy, the others may tompel him to refund, and the executor will not be obliged to pay the other legatees in full. So, if an executor pay ope in full, by mistake, it shall not pre. -Jude him from alleging a defect of assets.
There is no case in which an executor has been thus precluded, by a"payment in fuP, to one of the.legatees. The case from 2d Vez. 194, was where the executor had not only paid one in full, but had neglected to make an inventory.

S. AvD A.
S1Lt.1Y V.
Yo., AND
SILSBY.

2d. As to the defendant, Enoch Silsby.

The general principle is admitted, that specific pe. cuniary legatees are to be -rst paid ; and that, if there is not sufficient to pay the whole, they must abate in proportion.

This will appears to have been drawn by able coun-
sel.' If the testator meant that the particujar legacies should have been paid out of the whole estate, he would have said so ; but he has directed a particularfimd to be set apart, out of which the annuities of the complainants were to be paid. If this fund had been set
apart, as directed by the will, the defendant, Enoch, would have been entitled to the residue, and exonerated from all liability to refund. The complainants were
the pnly legatees of competent age to compel the exe. cutor thus to set apart the fund; or, at least, they were the only legatees to whom laches can be imputed. They not only neglected to do this, but, by their letter, prevented the executor from doing it.

The residuum was to abate upon the same contingency only,, upon which the legacy of 1,5001. was to abate; arid that contingency never happened. " The personal estate, and the produce arising from.the real estate, of which the testator died seised and possessed;'

260

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S. AN A. was "sufficient to answer all the debts, annuities, and SLSY legacies."
YOUNG AND

SILSBY.

If the time of the testator's death was not the time

"when

the sufficiency of the estate was to be ascertained,

yet, if at any time afterwards, the personal estate and

the produce of the real estate, which camc to the hands

of the executor, was sufficient, the right of the com-

plainants to come upon Enoch's legacy of 1,5001. and

upon the residuum, ceased. It was then incumbent

upon the complainants to look to their own legacies,

and get them properly secured; if they did not, they

gave personal credit to the executor, and if he wasted

the estate and became insolvent, they must suffer the

loss. They had a rightto require security in chance.

ry. It is a part of the regular' hanceryjurisdiztion to

compel such security, and no suggestion of a devastavit

-was necessary. The funds in England were wore than

sufficient to pay all the debts and legacies. It was not

nedessary to wait for the settlement of the estate in

Oeorgia. Young,.the administrator in Georgia, never

had a sufficiency of assets ; and, therefore, his payment

of one legacy in full, if that is the fact, cannot bind

him to pay all the rest.'

iartin, in reply. The question is, whether, if upon an account against the defendants, any funds shall
be found in their hands, we are entitled to recover.

They contend, that we are not entitled to an account.

The will speaks of the produceof the estate, and not
of the estate itself; contemplating the intermediate acts of the executor ; looking forward to subsequent events, and negativing the idea', that the testatpr was contemplating only the situation of his estate at the time of his death. He directs all his estate to be turned intb cash, and his debts to be collected, and the whole vested in funds.

The principle of abatement was not to take place until,the legacies were to be paid,

FEBRUARY, 1806.

261

The complainants were not'bound to elect any. par. ficular fund. They had ·a right to look to the whole estate.
The word "it," in their. letter to the executor, evidently refers to their' legacy of 2,000!. and not io any particular sum in the hands of Harrison, Ansty & Co. That letter did not influence the conduct of the executor, for he did not leave the money in the hands of those merchants. If he had done so, and they had failed, there might have been some plausibility in the argument.

S. AND A. SILISY
V.
YoUo .ND
SrLsav.

The complainants were not bound to apply to chancery to compel the executor to give security. Until the year 1796, they had no reason to complain, and no cause' for suspicion. The testator had placed confidence in the executor, and bad left it entirely to his discretion, when, and in what manner, he should place the mcney out on security; consequently, there was no laches on the partof the complainants.

February 13.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivere&-the opinion of the
court.

This being a suit in chancery, brought by legatees claiming an account, in order to the payment of their legacies, and their bill having been dismissed without an account, ihe decree can only be supported, by showing that there are, in the hands of the administrator, no assets which ought to be applied to the purposes prayed in the bill.

The testator having bequeathed to each of his two sisters, Sarah and Abigail, who are the complainants, the interest on one thousand pounds sterling, and that being in arrears; and assets having come to the hands of his 'representative, the complainants are certainly ,entitled to an account, unless they have -forfeited all
pretensions to their legacies.

26

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S.,,, A. SILSBY
Y.
YoUVG AND
SILSBY.

The defendants say they have forfeited their rights, 1st. By aletter, selecting a particular debt in satisfaqtion of their legacy, which debt is lost.

2d. By their laches.

The better to understand the correspondence, which is relied upbn, it must be recollected, that, by the will, the whole estate, real and personal, of the testator, was
devised to executors and trustees, who were directed to place it out on public or private security, in such
manner as should, in theirjudgment, best promote the interests of the legatees. The testator then directs, among other bequests, that his trustees shall set apart
.one thousand pounds sterling, for each of bis sisters,
the interest 'of which shall be paid to them during theie
natural lives, after -which, the principal is to be divided between the children of each, if they should marry and have children, but is given to his nephew, Enoch Silsby, in the'event of the first legatees' dying unmarried, or without children.

This duty of the executor and trustee, being thus plainly marked, he addressed a letter td the legatees, in September, '1791, in which he mentions an offer which had been made him, of a mortgage of 2,0001. the amount of the sums to be set apart for them, which
he will'take, if it meets their approbation. If the plaintiffs had taken this mortgage, and the title had proved defective, or the mortgaged property had been destroy. ed, they' would, most probably, have forfeited all claims upon the estate of their testator, and would have
been, at least, censured by the legatee in remainder, for having destroyed, by an improvident intervcntion in the management of the estate, his right to the principal sum, on their dying unmarried. Such an interference, on their part, was unnecessary, because the executor was authorised, by the will, to place the estate either on private or public security, as he should think most advantageous, and would .have been particularly indiscreet, because they could neitherjudge of the validity of the title, nor of the value 9 f the premises proposed to be mortgaged. To have intermeddled

FEBRUAAY, 1806.

263

with the subject woulca, tnerefore, have been ii them S. AND A. a departure from propriety and common prudence, not SMVs.BY

to be accounted for, nor justified.

YOUNG ANDl

Under these cirdumstances, they say, "1You mention an old friend of our dear brother's wishing to hire the 2,0001. on mortgage. We would willingly oblige him, but cannot. We choose to let it remain just as our brother left it."

To the court it seems, that this letter will admit 'of but one construction. It is a plain declaration, that they do not mean to intermeddle with the duties of the executor, but to leave him to perform them according to the directions of histsstator. " We choose to let it," (the legicy of 2,000!.) "remain just as our brother
left it," is plainly saying, that the legacy must remain
on the foundation on which the will placed it. The construction which would convert these words into a
declaration, that they chose the debts of their testator not to be collected, and that they chose to take upon themselves the hazard of the solvency of any particular debtor, whose debt should remain outstanding, or of the executor, if he should happen -to collect it, is
really tob violent a distortion of them to be tolerated
for an instant.

As little foundation is there for the allegation, that the rights of the complainants have been forfeited by
their laches. The court can 'perceive no laches on their part. It was not particularly incumbent on them to incur the ,expense of inquiring into the manner in which the executor performed his trust, with respect to the estate at large. They received their interest regularly, and there was no circumstance to awaken a suspicion that they were in danger. On the residuary legatee, and on his father and natural guardian, it was
more particularly incumbent to examine into the conduct of the executor, and though he may be perfectly excusable for not having doiie so, he cannot throw the loss on others, whose conduct has been perfectly fault-
less.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S. AnD A.
SILSBY V.
YOUVG AIM sILsSy.

The court is, therefore, clearly and unanimdusly of opinion, that the complainants have not forfeited their rights; and, consequently, that the decree must be reversed, and an account directed.

In coniidering the principles on which the account is to be taken, the court think it perfectly clear, that
the specific pecuniary legacies must be set apart, be,
fore the defendant, Enoch Silsby, cart be entitled to the residuuin. The words annexed to the bequest of, the residuary estate, which subject it to the same con-
ditions with the bequest of the 1,5001. are understood# by the court,. to relate to the condition of payment, at the age of 21, and to the limitations over, in-case of the death of the residuary legatee, not to the question of abatement'; and a residuum, ev vi tfrmini, is that which remains after particular legacies are satisfied.

The court is also of opinion, that if there be not suffi-
cient assets to satisfy all the specific legacies, the loss xnust fall exclusively on the 1j500. given to Enoch Silsby, until that fund be exhausted.

It has been argued, that the words of the wIll limit
this clharge on that legacy to the contingency of an insufficiency of assets at the death of the testator. The words
are, " It is my will aird desire, that if the personal estate, and the produce arising from the real estate of which I shall die seised and possessed, shall not be sufficient to answer the several annuities and legacies herein bqfore by me bequeathed, then, imd in such case, I direct that the annuities and legacies shall not abate in proportion,
but that the whole of such deficiency, if any there be, shall be deducted out of the said sum of 1,500. herein before by me bequeathed to my said nephew, Enoch Silsby."

These words have undergone a very critical examination, and it has been contended, that the time at ihich
the sufficiency mentioned in the will is to be determined, is fixed by the testator at his death, in like manner as if the expression bad been, "if my estate shall not, at the time of m death, be insuffitient," &c. But the words
do not appear t6 the court to 4emand such an interpretation. The 1vords, "the personal and real estate of

FEBRUARY, 1806.

265

which I shall die seised and possessed," are no more in substance than the words "all iny real and persbnal es-
tate" would have been. They describe the subject, on the insufficiency of which an abatement of a particular legacy is to take place; but not the time when that insuf-
ficiency is to be tested. In the opinion of the court, that time is when the will is curried into exefution, by.the ap" plication of the funds to their object. If, when that application is made, a deficiency appears, Itthen, aiid in
that case" it is, that the abatement is to take place in the specific legacy to Enoch Silsby.

S.A-D A. SIL11M.
V.
Youno unn SmsmsV.

This specific pecuniary legacy, being given to the same
person to Cvhom the residuum is given, and on the same terms, assumes completely the character of a residuary bequest, and the testator does not appear to have intended to give it any preference over the residuum. He seems to have intended certain provisions to his relations, the extent'of which were apportioned to his opinion of their
necessities, and which he did not leave in a situation to be enlarged or diminished by any incident which might affect the state of his affairs. Should his property be
merely sufficient to pay those annuities and legacies, they were to sustain no deduction; should it be ever so much enlarged, they were to receive no increase; but all he might possess, exceeding those specific donations, was to be given to his nephew. His bounty to-his other legatees was measured; that to his nephew was not defined. As in every case where specific legacies are first given, so in this, it is the intent of the testator to prefer the specific legatees.. There would have been no motive for giving a specific legacy, subject exclusively to abatement in case of deficiency, to the residuary legatee, but for the purpose of providing a fund for his education and main"tenanceduring his infancy. For every other purpose,
this particular legacy to Enoch Silsby is to be considered
as a part of the residuum.

It is not easy to assign aimotive in the testator for intending a preference to his specific, over his residuary

legatee' in the event of an insufficiency of assets at hi2 death, which would not equally apply to an insufficiency

'which should take place afterwards. The only motive for this preference which could possibly have existed,

Vol. 11.

M m

266.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S. on) A.
SXLS Y
v: Yougo ANn'
SISsBY.
1--y-uwf

was his wish that, if the fund should not be adequate to pay all his legacies, yet, no deduction should be made
from those which were particularly bequeathed. This wish originated in his particular feelings towards his relations, and could not depend on the insufficiency which he
provided against taking place at the time of his death, or a few months or years afterwardg. If, at the time of his death, his estate had been sufficient, but before it could be collected and applied according to his will, bankruptcies, or any other casualties, had occasioned a deficiency, no reason can be perceived, by the court, for supposing tl, at the contemplation of such a deficiency would have induced him to make a different arrangement of his affairs, from what he would have made had he contemplated a deficiency at his death. And between such a defi. ciency, and one occasioned by the fault or misfortune of an executor, chosen, not by his legatees, but by himself, the court can perceive no distinction.

It is, therefore, the opinion of this court, that the decree of the circuit court be reversed, and that the cause
be remanded to the circuit court, that an account may be taken, in order to a final decree.

DECR£Z.

Reversed.

This cause came on to be heard, on the bill, answers,
exhibits, and other testimony in the cause, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, the court is of opinion, that there is error in the decree of the circuit court, in directing the bill of the complainants to be dismissed, and that the same ought to be reversed and annul-
led. And this court doth farther direct and order, that the said cause be remanded to the circuit court, that accounts may be taken of the assets which are in the hands of the defendant, Thomas Young, of the payments which
have been made to Enoch Silsby, and of the sums which are due to the complainants, and of such other matters as may be necessary to a final decree.

