FEBRUARY, 1807.

166

February28.

The court ordered it to be certified as their opinion BeLI,

that, under ALL the circumstances stated, the act of

limitations of Virginia'was not a bar to the plaintiff's dheearteh unintithis

demand on the note of 21st August, 1772.

1785.

HICKS ET AL. v. ROGERS.
ET *L.
T-IIS w 'a cas6 certified from the circuit court Ro'r . for the district 6f Vermont, the judges of that court, "D being opposed in opinion upon the question, whether the plaintiffs, devisnes of a tract of land to be equally ditjded In Vermonts between them, could, under the Wi·ll, support ajointac- t'ecnonalynntas¢t inay tionlof ejectment. The declaratiQn did not set forth the maint.in a title of the plaintiffs, otherwiie than' by the'following joint action a averment---'Of which tract or parcel of land, the plain- ejcctment. "tiffs on the 6th day of April, in.the year of our Lord uChrist, 6ne thousand eight hundred and four, were "w'ell seised andpossessedin thFr own right, and so "contibued thereof possessed.until the 8th day of ApriI, "in the year last aforesaid, wuen the defendant, with-
"out law or right, and contrary to' the will of the plain-
" tiffs, thereinto entered 'and ejected, expelled, drove "out and amoved- the plaintiffs therefrom, ahd ever
since hath, and still doth 'keep out the plaintiffs from the premises, taking tie whole profits to himself, which "is to the damage of the plaintiffs six hundred dollars, ,to reebver -which, and the quiet and peaceable p6ssession of-the said preiies, and just costs, they bring "this suit."
Bradley, (of Vermont,) for the plaintiffs, contended,
1st. Thatby the common law of ermont, th words "equally to be divided between them," do not make a tenancy in common, be'.'ause a tenancy in cpmmon is not thereby necessarily implied. Joint heirs in Vermont hold as coparceners.
The nonourable V. Paterson, late associate justice of the sa-. prerne court of the United States, and the honourable Elijah Paine, district judge.

HtcCs
FT AL. V.
RooEas.
~(3

166

SUPREME COURT U. S.

2d. That if the plaintiffs are tenants in common, yet they have a right, by the common law to maintain ajoint action for an injury to their lands holden in common-
Bac. Ab. 216.)

3d. That even if the plaintiffs are to be considered as tenants in common, and could not by the common law join in an action to recover possession, yet by the statute of Vermont of 2d of March, 1797, (Laws of Vermont, p. 118. s. 88.) they must join in an action for the mesne profits, or rather no other action is given for the mesne profits thai an action for the possession i/tseli; in which the plaintiffs shall recover the possession as well as damages.
The words of the act are, "and in every such-action," (ejectment,) ".if judgment be rendered for the plaintiff, 1 he shall recover as well his damage as the seisin and " possession of the premises." As therefore the action for the mesne profits cannot be severed flom the action of ejectment, and as, upon every principle of latw, tenants in common 'must join in the action for the mesne profits, it follows that they must join in the posse'ssory action also.
The principle has also been admitted by the legislature of Vermont, by the act of 29th of October, 1806, s. 4. which declares "that tenants in common of any "lands, &c. may join in any action whiNch concerns "their common, interest in such land."
There was no argument on the part of the defendant.
February23.
The court decided that the action was well brought, and that the will ought to be received in evidence to support the declaration.

SUPIMME COU1T U. S.

MARSHALL Cu,.

HUMPHREY MARSHALL AND WIFE, v. JAMES CURRIE.

Loose and ERROR to the district court of Kentucky, in a suit in

vagueexpres- chancery in which the plaintiffs in error were the origi-

esnotnrys

oifn"lanadn

nal complainants. mi e

The bill complained that the, defend-

°

in Kentucky, .ant had obtained an elder patent for land covered

may be ren- by the comnlainants' elder entry, and prayedthat the de-

denetrleydeserutfanf,icftiietl-ned.ant might be compelled to convey to them the legal

by the reterence to natu-
ral objects- The only questioin was whether the entry,. under entnedi wwhich the complainahtt claim, described the land with

by comparing sufficient certainty. ' It was in these wordsi " Number tlheneurscs - two hundred and forty one, Thomas Marshall enters and distances cc twothousand acres of land on part of a military warrant, -f the lines " number one thousand three hundred and forty-nine,

nwaittuhrailtoseofbo-tnie" beginning on the. bank of Green River, two hundred

jects.

"pales above a beech tree marledD. L. stabding on the

" bank of the river, a few poles below the mouth of a " branch, and a small distance above the place called

"'Glover's, upon the opposite side of thd river, thence "running south seventy-five degrees east; one thousand

"poles, thence riorth, twenty-five degrees west, and "from the begiiining up the meanders of the river, and

"binding thereon so far, that a line parallel to the first

" shall include the quantity. Entered August the sixth,

one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four."

The material facts found by the jury, according to the
practice of Kentucky, were, that the complainaits' entry was made on the 6th of August, 1784, and the defendant's on the day following. That tho defendant's patent bears date on the 14th of June, 1787, and'the
complainants' patent on the 3d of June, 1796, and that both patents include part of the same land. That the Gren.River, and the place called Glover's, were notorious by- those names before, and-at the time of the complainants' entry. That the wate'r-course delineated on the plat, by the naqe of Bie Branch, is a branch running

FEBRUARY, 1807.

173

into',Grepu RIver; 596 joles above the place.called G/over', and. on the opposite side of the river, and existed at thetime of the entry. That-the beech tree represented -in the p&at, stands on the iank of Green River, 18 poles belowthe mouth of the Big Branch, "and is
Svjery..conspicuqus tree ;.and that the letters D. L. "were marked at or-nearsaid tree, upona beech, about
"Ngvdmber or December, one ihous:nd sevenihundred "and eighty three ;" that the beginning corner of the complainants' survey is on the bank of Green River, 200
poles next above the -aid' beech tree, marked on the plat. That two. other water-courses empty into the Green River; one. called Clover-liqk-creek, below the Big Branch, and nearer to Glover's; the other called Embro'sSpring Branch, above the.Big Branch; both of which are laid down on the connected plat. The jury also fowuid that there is a small branch or drain about 250 yards long, running all the year, between Cloverlick-creek, and the lower line of the plaintiff's survey,
besides those represented on the plat. That beech
abounds all along the bank of Green River, opposite.to Glover's station, and for a considerable distance below and- above, except immediately above and below the mouth of the small branch or drain--and that there was
noprdof that there was any beech tree marked D. L. standing on the 6th of August, 1784, (the date of the
complainants' entry) upon the bank of Green River a few poles below the mouth of a branch, as described in the complainants' entry.

Af,.u.suL C . Cunuir.

For the plaintiffs in error, H. "ifarshall contended,
that the entry was sufficiently definite in itsdescription of the location, within the m'eaning of the act of Virgima.

The -GreenRiver and Glover's, were objects notorious, and respecting which there is no dispute. The branch,
referred to in the enry, 4s being a small distanceabove Glover's is found, at the distance of 596 poles, whic1 was a reasonable distance,. according to the -decisions in the cases of o7ohnson v. Naul-Craigv. 2JI'Craken, and. Moore v. Wathinm, in Sneed's Reports, pages 390. 393. 397. 404 and 405.

174

SUPREME COURT U. S.

MARSHALL
V.
CURRIE.

It is contended, that it does not appear that the letters D. L. were on the tree on the 6th of August, 1784.
But the jury have found that those letters were marked
on a beeth, at or near the tree in questionlin December, 1783, from whence a presumption arises that they remained on the tree until the 6th of August following, unless the contrary be shown. For although the jury have
found that there was no proofof their being on ,the tree, on the 6th of August, yet they have not found that they
were not, nor have/they"found any fact to rebut the presumption 'arising from the existence of the letters a few months before. The jury must have meant to say that
there was no positive and conclusive proof, otherwise their last finding contradicts their first finding--for the presumption arising from the actual existence of iie letteis, is proof, until that presumption be removed,

"At, or near" means at, unless the contrary is shown. Sneed, 120.. Crow v..Bannon.

But if the letters were not on the tree, there is still sufficient certainty in the location. Green River and Glover's are admitted to be ceriain, but it is said the branch is uncertain, inasmuch as there are two other branches falling into Green River, not far from Glover's. But Clover-lick-cree/ is out of the question because the course of the river at that place, will not answer to the calls of the entry. Embro's Spring Branch, is further from Glover's than the Big Branchand the nearest branch which Aill satisfy the location Ought to be taken. The smallbranchordrain, mentioned by the jury, is notlocated on the plat, and therefore we cannot, say where it ought to be placed. But the j~iiry have found that beech trees do not abound immediately above and below
it, and therefore it is not probable that that was the branch
referred to by the entry.

The courts in Kentucky have always endeavoured to
sustain an entry, if by reasonable construction it be possible. For this purpose they will reject an absurd or superfluous call-they will supply a word-they will consider a call not proved as expunged, -and although there are more allegations than are proved, yet if enough is proved to render the entry sufficiently certain, the
court will support it.

FEBRUARY, 1807.

To support these positions, he cited the cases of Conella v. Biscow-Kehton v. M'Conne, and Pawink'v.
.Mereivether, from Eughes' Reports, p. 15, 16. 4S. 169. and Gaither v. Tilford-Morgan v. Robinson-Brad.
ford v. 4lien-Craigv. Yones-Craigv. 1II"Craken, and Browv. 7ohnson; from Sneed's Rep.p.. 184, 268. 101. 331. 54. 54. 52 and 60.

BMAUSU.LL
V.

H. Clay, for the defendant in error, contended, that the beginning ofthe location was uncertain, and therefore that the whole entry.was void. It dois not appear that the letters D. L. ever were- marked on the tree, nor that -they existed on any tree at the time of the entry. The wholelanguage of the entry is uncertain. "Afew poles," " a small distance," " a branch," are expressions too
vague to support an entry.

What is uncertain in point offaUt, is not a subject of
construction by the court. To suppbrt the complainants' entry, the court is now called upon, not to give a construction of law to the words of the entry, but td make
a new efitry in poini of fact.

Identity, notoriety, natural objects are all' wanting. February28.

JoHNsoN, J. delivered the opinion of the court.

In the argument of counsel in this case, the only point which it has been thought necessary to dwell upon, is
the-legal certaintyof the complainants' entry. Pursuing the- principle that a plaintiff must recover upon the

strength of his 9wn, title, and not the weakness of his adversary's, the defendant has not entered into any discussion relative to the sufficiency of his claim to the land
in question. The circumstances, constituting what in
the courts of Kentueky aredenominated the calls of the complainants' entry, are, Glover's-Statioh, Green river, a marhedtreeon thebank of the river, andabranck empty-
ing itself into the river. The two former are notorious, and the inquiry is, can the others be sufficiently ascer-
tained with relation to them. We aie of opinion that
they cmi-.. The only objection that can be mide to the

Vol. ly.

z

176

SUPREME COURT -U. S.

MARSHALL
V.
CuZRirr.

identity of the tree and brapch with relation to which the complainants have made their survey, ard the actual dis'
tance of'those objects above Glover's Station, the nncertainty attendant'upon calling for a tree of which a larg6 number grow along the banks of the river, and. the cxistence of atother stream emptying itself into the same river nearer to Glover's Station, and which it is contended will angwer the call.

These difficulties, we are of opinion, are all removed by considering the courseg called for by the complainants with relation to the courses of the river.

Above -Glovir's Station, and until 5ou reach the bend of the river above which the cbmplainants' entry is sur-
veyed, the course of the river is east and west. It there assumes a different direction, and its course is north and south. By survey ing the entry at the point where the complainants have located their land, itassumes a shape, adapted to the course of the river. At any point below where it is situated, and until you reach the place dalled Glovero Stati ,n,it is impossible that it can be located. This cir.' cumstance is sufficient in our opinion to establish the bwriatnhcahb6wvheicthhewbeansdca;llaendd' for, as it is the first you meet
when that is ascertained, there'
is no longer any difficulty in loctiting the complainants' land.

The jury find that the tree called for ig very conspicuous,'and that previous to the date of the complain-
'ants' entry a tree very near the spot where that is situ-' ated wA marked D. L. Although a tree of a particular species, at a'distance not precisely limited) may be un' certain where that tree abounds,.the impression of a cer-.
tain mark upo n such a tree isa"sufficient identification; when accompanied with,the other circumstances of this' case, which might have been resorted to by a subsequent
locator to prove the identity of this tree.

In giving this opinion the eourt is not uninfluenced by an anxiety to save the early estates acquired in that coun-try. Such was the laxity of the'rules upon whith'the rights of individualt depended under the land laws of
Virginia, that this court'feels a strong sense of the ne-

FEBRUARY, 1807.

177

cessity of liberality in deciding upon the validity of MAsHALI.

entries.

V,

The court,. therefore, reverses the decree of the distric eourt, and decrees a conveyance, to be executed by the defendant to the complainants, of that .part of the land contained in his patent which is included in the
complainants' qurvey, and that eath party pay their own
costs.

Decree reversed.

VIERS AND WIFE v.MONTGOMERY.

Vits
V.
MowrTOoM-

ERROR to the district court of Kentucky, in a suit in chaucery brought originrily by Montgoiery against W. M.V iers bnd Patsy his wife; late Patsy Henly, to
compel the latter to convey to thu foimer the legal estate in certain lands in Kentucky,. which one Ebenezer Brooks, since-deceased, conveyed, by deeds dateat the
10th of November, 1191, to the defendant?s wife, while wido4, 'and which Brooks by his last will devised to
the coshplainant Montgomery. The bill charged that the only -consideration.of the deeds from Brooks to Patsy
Hfenly -was, that she' should" take him as her husbanol," which she refused to do,' but interm~arried with the defendant, W. M. -Viers.. -It did not aver that the complainant was of kin~to'the deceased, o that he had any equitable claia" other than as a devisee. Nor did it
charge the defendant Patsy with any promise of marriage, or any breach ofsuch a' romise, rior with-fraud iii obtaining the deedsu- The will of Brooks, referred to in
the bill, calls the complainant his friend and cousin. The deeds were of bargain and sale in fee, and purported to be itionsideration of 1,100!.Virginia currency, and contained a warranty against Brooks, and *ll claiming under
him.

A court or equity 'vilt nboettweineterafedroe-
nec ofladby deed, and a deviseeunder ad"oniolr, ofint-hae caso nwhere there is no fr-ud.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TH&UNITED said articles come under the description of bar& and STATES plates."

KID AND WATsor.

Rodne'4, Attorney Generil,

Admitted that the case was not to be supported, on the part of, tle United States, and that judgment must be given for the, defendatsk.

V.
C aso.

JENNINGS v. CARSON.

The owner of -THIS was an arpeal from the sentence of the circuit a piivateer court for the district of Pennsylvania, in a cause civil
capturing . andrmaritime, in which yennings was the libellant, qnd

neutral snot Carson the respondent ; the former claiming to be liable to ade- owner of the sloop George and 'cargo, captured, in the cre of rest- year 1778, by the American privateer Additiop, comthe property, maided' by Moses Griffin, of which the respondent,

or its pro. ceeds, caie toThhise hdaisntdrsic. t
tohe hdst courts of the United States are courts of
prize; and
have power -to carry into effectthesentences of the
old continental courts of appeals in' prize causes.
In all proceedings i, rem.,the court .ohrads.eartrhigehttinto to d thken

Carson, was part owner, and which was libelled and condemned, on the 31st of October, 1778, as lawful prize, by the court of admiralty for thd state offNNewwJqrsey; from which sentence of condemnation. there was an appeal to the continental court of appepls, esta blishefunder authority of the old congress, where the sentence of condeipnation was, on the 23d of December, 1780, reversed, and restitution ordered, but never obtamined. In the mean time, however, the vessel 'and cargo had been sold by the marha of the statc court of
admiralty, forpaper money, under an order of the court contitined in the sentefice of condemnation, and it did not apper what had been done with that moned. No measures were fLento enforce the decree of restitution during the 61d confederation.
On the 19th of, May, 1790, after the adoptiot of the

into custody present constitution of the United States, Jenningi filed of the law ;his libel in the district court for the district of Pennand jt islo be sylvania, alleging that he ws -a subject. of the States

FEBRUAR', 180T.

3

G-neral of the United Provinces, an inhabitant and do-

miciled at the island of St. Eustatius, and. owner ofshe

sloop George and her cargo, at the time of capture

bound to the port of Egg-Harbour in the United-States, and consigned to A. and G. Caldwell; in the prosecutiou of which voyage she was illegally captured by the

privateer Addition, owied in part by the. respondent,

Carson, and "praying process for arresting Carson, to

answer, &c. , A supplementdl libel was filed, setring forth the proceedings against the vessel in the court of

admiralty of New-Jersey; the sqntence of coqdemna-

tion ; the appeal ; the reversal of that sentence, and the

order of restitution.

-

Neither the original nor supplemental libel prayed any

specific or general relief, othe'r than process for arrest-

a

hI .

ing Carson, so tlat fie should appear to

the l-

bellant" in his said complaint, of the -wrongsand inju-

ries aforesaid, accoyding to the resolutions of the con-

tinental congress, the laws of the United States, and of

the commonwealth of Pennsyliania; and the laws and

usages of nations in this behalf practised, used, and

established."

JarvNIGs
" v, .
presumed to be in custody of the 2w,
unesthe contrsr 2p. pesrs.
. The !t rf lo' tne fp-
peal into the superior court, but remains in the court below, %whichhas a igh to order it to be sold, ianpsewriesrhabre, notwithstanding the *pPeal'

Carson, being taken upon the writ of arrest, appeared
and filed his plea and answer, averring the sloop George to have been the property of a subject of -the king of
Great Britain, -at thie time of capture, and employed in carrying goods to the British army and navy-; that telw
goods were imported directly or indirectly from Grea; Britain or Ireland, contrary to the regulations of congress and the law of nations ; the king of Great.Britain then being at war with the United States.

It a dmits that Carson was the owner of one-third of the privatee. It admits the'capture, the condemnation, and sale, the appeal aid reversal, and the order of restitution, but denies that any part-of the proceeds of the sale ever came to the hands of the owrners of the priva. teer, or either of them, but remained in the hands ofthe
marshal-ofthe court of admiralty of New-yersey, -who alone is answerablefor the same. It avers, that Griffin, the commander of the privateer, had probable cause for

jEXHIc CIRSVOCJT:..

4'

SUPREME COURT U. S.

making the capture, and therefore the owners are not
liable.

* It denies the jurisdiction 'of the district court' of
Pennsylvania to take cognizance of the question, the same belonging exclusively to the court of admiralty of the state of' New-Jersey, and to the court of appeals established by the continental congress. It denies the jurisdiction of the court as a prizd court in'any case, and especially in cases of capture made during the Bri. tish war, and avers that it has no, authority to carry into effect a decree of either of those courts established under the old government.

After filing his plea and answer, Carson died, and Jennings filed a petition, suggesting the death of Carson, and charginghis executors with assets, and praying that the suit may stand revived against them ; upon which a citation issued, and the executors appeared and answered generally by a reference to the answer and plea Of their testator, and furtherpleaded,that by the lair
aritime, the lawv of the land, and the laws and ordi
nances of. the United States, they, as executors; .are not liable to be proceeded agai.ast in that court for the several matters set forth in the libel, for that they are
not answerable for the wrongs and q.fences, or the pre.
tended wrongs and offences of their testator ; and also, for that courts maritime hate not authority to intdrmed-
die with the estates and effects, real or personal, of dec eased persons, or to give relief against the same, or to stize or take the same effects or estates in execution,
or toimprison the bodies of executors for the default of
the testator.

To these pleas and answers there were general replication.
On the 30th of M-arch, 1792, the judge of 'thq district court gave an opinion in favour of its jurisdiction" in general cases as a prize court ; but on the 21st of September, 1793, he dismhissed the libel, on the ground that the district court was not competent to compel the execution of a decree of the late continental court of

FEBRUARY, 1807.

appeals.* This sentence was affirmed in the circuit court on the 11th of April, 1798, but was reversed by thii court at February term, 1799, so far as the same

Jrsuncs V.
S

The following learned opinion of the Hon. Judge Peters, upon theprizejurisdiction of the district courts of the United btates, is too important to be omitted.
"fThis is a case in which the general principles are stated in the proeeedings and'exhibits, and, therec re, %%illappear clear enough by the perusal of them. There are st.me circumstances, hovever, not clearly ascertained b3 those exhibits, which I shall have occasion to menti-m, in the course of the observations which I shall make on the merits hereafter. The libel complains of the illegal capture of the sloop George, whereof Robert Smith was master, and her cargo, the property of the librllatt, then and now a subject of Holland, during the late war, viz in Jidy, 1778, b) the schooner privateer Addion, Mowae Gtiffin commander belonging to the testator, YosepA Carion, and otherb, who are namtd in the answer of Yoseph Carson, in his life-time.
" It is alleged, on the part of the respondents, that the vessel cap. tured wvs employed in carrying goods belonging to the subjtcts of Great Britain, contrary to the regulations and lus of the then congress. They rely on the libel and condennation in the state court of admiralty of New-Jersey-the -verdict of thejury ascertaining the facts, and the condemnaiinn by the court and order of sale, and for payment of the net proceeds to the captors.
"The sale ofthe vessel and cargo atvendue, and the monies being. received by the marshal of the court, in whose hands it is stid they now remain in depreciqted pamer, not having been distributed to and among the captors, and of course the resptndents, or their testator, received no part thereof, and therefore they allege that the marshal only is i:hargeable to the libellant, and not the respondents or the testator. They insist that there was prob~tble ct.use of seizure, and therefore the captors are not answerable in damages. They also plead ip abatement to the jurisdiction of the court, be. cause they assert that the subject of prize or no prize belongs to the admiralty of New-Jersey, and not to this court, xvhicb has no cognizance of the question ; nor has it power to effectunte itsjudg. ment against executors. On the part of the executors particularly, an answe: was put in denying their being chargeable fat"the torts of the testator, which, as well as their.consequences, die with his' perion. But on an explanation on the behalf of the libellant, that be claimed no damages for the tort, merel) as a tort, hut sought for restitution of his property only, the point was abandoned by the advocates for the respondents.
"' The libellant, to repel this defence, and denying, in thV usual form, the facts as stated, sets fo'th the reversal ofthe judgment of the fourt of New-Jersey, by the decree of the court of appeals of the United States, the 23d of December, 1780, which contains a direction to the laiter court to make restitution of the property, with costs, but not damages. They also join issue on the point of

JunNlZUGs

SUPREME COUl1T U. s:
aecreed that the district court had not jurisdiction tocSaArrIysOin. to effect the decree bf the court of appeals, andt the cause was remanthrd to th8 district court for further

jurisdiction, and distinguish between a suit commenced in the 1ietime of the testator, and on. brought in the first instance against the executors.
M Fire points were made by the'advocates of the respondents I . The tortdying with'the nerson. 2d. The jurisdiction of this court is not comp'etent, a. it is/ot a prize court. 3d. and 4th. If a'prlze court, yet, as the cause originally attieched in the court ofNew-Jerse",' that was the only court in which the consequence. were cogni. zable, and alone competent to effectuate the decree of the court of appeals. 5th A capture -with probable cause is not a subject of action for damages.
"" The first point being waived, brings the qlueston to tho'coffpetency of jurisdiction, which in order, as well as necesityi should be the first point considered, because, if the tourt has no.
sdiction, it is nugatory to inquire into the "niterits of the chuse. this point, as it first struck me, I confess I had doubts' The account given by Lord Mansfield of the arrangement of the court of admiralty in England, as detailed in the case of Lind6 & Rodney, produced hesitation, and my respect for the opinion of that great character, as well as the argamenis of the advocates in thepresent cause, induced a deliberate consideration of the subject. The dllvision of the court of admiralty into,tw6 sides, prize,and instmike, wnb new to me, and it is allowed not to have been generally known, if at all, 'by the common lawyers in England, before 'that case was d.etermined, In this couinry it never was known, nor does it appear that any new comnission was ever transmitted to the colonihl judge of the admiralty from. Great Britain befbre the revolution, lh cases of wars between that kingdom and its enemies. I hhvl traced fron r~eords and othei"authentic .information, the prnceedL ings of the admiralty cburt of Penn4ylvania, for a period exceeding
fifty years, and 1 have the best reason for believing that the prac, tiqe in other dolonies was similar. In ill the proceedings, theprive otits afe called suits civil arid mar) rn. During the late war, whefl We assumed and effected our independence, the praeeedins were uhaltered in this point. I do not find' that there is bily such digUnction in any other nation, except it shouloihe found in Holland, and of t|is I much doubt. The authority out of Bynkersioehk (17.) produced by one of the advocates for the respondents, founded on an ordinance of the Earl of Leicester, shows that there is a court .there whose authority is etlrely confined to captures as przeA,'orlt it has no juzisdiction even of other maritime cases, This,- there. fore, is not applicable to a question concerning the powers of a court of admiralty, which is allowed, even 'in the case of Lindo & Rodey, to possess jurisdiction in all maritire causes, though in England it is said to act under a peculiar (and therefore not gne. ralfy knoxvn) organization. I take it, therefore, for grantcd, because thq contrary has not been showfn that in England alone are these. distinct branches of the same court to be found. In all the bboks of reports in which cases ofprohibitions to the admiralty aro

FI BRJARY, 180Y.

7

proceedings; the respondent being at liberty to cbiten[ before that court, as matter of defence to the meritsi or to the forr of proceedings, that the libel sh6uld first

Jzviuo-asn v.
CAuson.

mentioned, precedent to the case of Lindo & Rodrcy, these proh." bitions are moved for and granted generally to the court of admi. raly,; and though in a case in 1irrm heports, (long after the case of Linda & Rodney,) the distinction is taken, mid the prohibitions maoved for to the prize court, this very instance shows it to be a novelty in the 'ommon law books therej for if it had been known as an old practice, the particular designation of the prize court would have been unnecessary, and the prohibition would have been required to the admiralty gcnerally, as it ever had been in former
cases.

"Acting, as we now do, in a national, and not a dependent capa. oity, I cannot conceive that we -are bound tu follow the practice in England, more than that of our own or anyother ,ation. Customs purely colonial, were parts of our laws, even in the time of our connection with Britain. I need instance only one, viz. that of the mode of conveyance offeme.cverW estates, contrary t, the laws of England. This is a case at common law, in which we then were and now are particularly talled to follow their rule and practice, in
general The admiralty proceeds by a law which considers all nations as one community, and should not be tied down to the pre. cedent of one nation, though it were more clearly ascertained, I shall, therefore, conclude, that if the powers of an admiraltyand maritime court are delee-ated by congress to this court, those of a prize court are mixed in the mass of authority with which it Is in. vested, and require no particular specification. They are called forth (if generally delegated) by the occasion, and not by repeated and new interferences of goverment. Nor do I believe that even in -nglnd, any new authority is vested, though a kind of Irgal and solemn notice is given of a war, in which subjects for the prize authority of the admiralty -may occur. It does not begin with their wars, hut was pre-existent. It does not end with the commence, ment of peace, for their books show it to be exercised at any time afterwards. Government never interferes to put an end to it; houn then can its power he repeatedly necessary to begin it I The rdct " , it is inherent in a court of admiralty, and not lost, but torpid, like other authorities of the court, when there are no occasions for their exercise.

" But here the question arises, have congress, by theirjudiciary laws, vested this court with general or r8ecial admiralty piwers ? Congress have authority (delegated by the people in the constitu. zion) in 11all cases of admiralty and naritime jurisdiction." The words of that part of the judiciary law affcting this sub.ject, in whiph the authorities of the court are described will be seen in the 9th ection of thaf law. " It shall also have exclusive original cognizance of all civil caure: ofadmiralty and maritimejuritdicicn, including. seizures under laws of impost, navigation, or trade uf th; United States." It is said prize or no prize is a question of

Vol. IV..

B

S

SUPREME COURT U. S.

J,tWWZNGshave been filed in the diiirict court of New-yersey, but V, not to make the decision of the judge on th't point a ... s... ground of excepting to the jurisdiction of the district court of Pennsylvania, and that costs should await the event of the cause.

,nilitary, not of a civil nature. But I find no such distinction in the

bopoks. Blackstone, in.his division of courts, does n6Y class that of the admiralty as a military, but a maritime court, and it will appear that the jurisdtion of' Orize is within its powers, though lie points oUt, in cases of prizes in the then colonies, Jthat appeas were to members of the privy council, and otherst, in consequenco of treaties and domestic arrangements. But he says " the original court to wlhich this qttestion is permitted in England, is the court of admiralty, ' without any distinction as to the natureof its powers, wLhetler instance or priie, military or civil. In Booko3. P. 108. ho

mentions the exclusive and undisturbed jurisdiction of the courts of admniralty, in'cases of prize; and that court determines, not aocording to British law: or practice, but "according to the law of nations." Shotd I confine my attention merely to the inquiry

.whether this could be classed un~er the des~iption of a 'civil

cause," I shoultl think there, were grounds to support the idea of

its being comprehended. In the case of Acheson'& Ererett, (Cowp.

382.) some light is thrown on this view-Df the subject, because it

appear- that a civil suit may, in substance, but not in form, partake

of'criui.'nal ingredients. So, by parity of reason, -may a civil cause

of.admiralty and maritimejurisdiction, be mixed with, or ground-

ed on, transaqtions of a militarynature. 'But I do not think it ne-

cessary merely to fix this point.. What is, perhaps, of most con.

seqtienc.e, is to ascertain the intention of congress in distributing

a power, clearly in .14cm, to their judiciary departments, And

what was said by one of the advocates for the libellAnt, strikes me

as 6eingjust and proper, viz. that the construction should be mado

from a consideration of all the laws on the subject, its parJmatera,

" The court shall also have exchsi'e original cognizance of all

civil causes of admiralty and maritinie jurisdiction, including,"

&c-that is, being invested with criminal powers in certatin cases,

it shall alto have civil poiers, as opposed to criminal, in admiralty

and maritime cases. By recurring to the 12th, 13th, 19th, 21st,

and 30th sections of the judiciary law, it will appear that congress

meant tion,)

to as

convey all the powers, (and in' the they possessed them in admiralty

words of the constitucases ; and actions or

suits in these cases can originate only in the district court.

"For the foregoing reasons, and some others which might be added, I am of opinion that this court possesses all the powter* of a court of admiralty, and that the question of prize is cognizable before it. lh ave gne thus far itlto the discussion of this point, b6cause I believe it is the firL. time it has been agitated in a federal court.

" I do, therefoe, decree, adjudge anh] determine, that the plca to the jurisdiction of the court, as nit being competent to deter, mine on prize questions, -be, and the same is hereby overruled."

FEBRUARY,- 1807.

9

Upon the second hearing of the cause, on the 2d of April, 1802, the judge decreed in favour of the libellant, for the amount of sales of the sloop and cargo,
reduced by the scale of depreciation, with interest until two months-after the order of. restitution by the court of appeals; and from the time of the institution of the .present suit until the day of final decree ; ,which decree was, on the 10th of May, 1804, reversed by the circui; court, and the libel dismissed with costs.--From which sentence, the lib;lant appealed to this court.

Jn.ros V.
C

.B. Tudghman, for appellant.

No delay can be imputed to the appellant. There was no limitation by law. The federal court of appeals
was unpopular in those states who were attached to the trial by jury, and itsjurisdiction was opposed with great
warmth; He cited the case of the sloop Active, and Mr. Olmstead's dise, and an act of the legislature, of Pennsylvania in support of that assertion. The jurisdiction of that court was not finally settled, until the case of Doane & Penhallow, 3 Dallas, 54. 85, 86.

He consicfered the case under six heads.

1. That if the appellant was entitled to redress, he was right in applying to the district cour.t of Pennsylvania, anAd was not obliged to resort to that 6f Nero-
Yerse ,
2. That if his suit was rightly commenced in the district court of Penntsylvania, that couit had authority to decide finally on the case.

3.That the' district court has jurisdiction of the question of prize.

.4. That, if the appellant is entitled to redress, his remedy survives against the executors of Carson.

5. That it is immaterial whether there was or was not probable cause for the capture.

-10

SUPREME CouRT U. S.

JBNN12Gs
cV.,
CARSOZT.

6. That the owners of the privateer are for the acts of the captors, theii iigents.
1. As to the first point.

answerable

One court of admiralty is competent to carry Into effect the sentence of another; even of a foreigni court,
and afortioriof-a domestic court. Douglass, 1. Wa/her v. Witter. 1 Vent. 32. Yurado v. Gregory. I Lev, 267. S. C. 6 Vin. 535. /..20. 1Salk. 32. Broom's case. Carth. 398. S. C. 2 Lord Raym, 935. Ever v. _owes. 3 Dall. 97. and 118. Penhallow v. Doane. 2 Browne's Civ. &9Ad. Law, 120.

The sentence of the court of appeals consists of three parts. 1st. Restitution. 2d. Costs. 3d. Ah order to the court below to carry the sentence into effect,
The sentence was for restitution of the thing itselj, not of its value ; nor of the amount for which it was sold. The appellant was not obliged to take any thing in lieu of the thing itself.

,If a judgment at common law is rendered against a plaintiff in the circuit court, and that judgment reversed in the suprerhe court, and a mandate issues to the cir,
cuit court to execute the judgment ofthe supreme court, the plaintiff is not bound to take out his executiofil under the mandate, but may bring an action of debt upon the judgment, in any district of the United States where the defendant may be found. - So in this
case, the claimant may libel the captors in any district where they may be found. We are n6t bound to take the proceeds of the sale in continental money. The reversal was on the 23d of December, in the year 1780, when paper money was a mere ghost, and worth nothing. It is immaterial what became of the money, and whether it sunk in the hands of the mashal, br not. If our cargo had been suffered to arrive, we might have sold it so as tQ avoid the effect of depreciation.

The resolution of congress, which provides that cap;ured vessels shofild be libelled in the district into which

they should be brought, applies only to libels by the captors against the prQperty, and not to libels by the claimant against-thecaptors. These, ex necessitate,must be brought where the captors may be found. We cannot now proceed in the original court of admiralty of NewJersey, for it does not exist. It was a court derivIng its
authority from the state of New-Jersey alone. By the constitution, all admiraltypowers are now vested in the courts ofthe United Sttes, and to those only can we poiv apply.

JEimZG5 V.

2. If the suit was rightly commenced in the district
court of Pennsylvania, that court had authority to decide finally on tle case.

The words of the decree of restitution are all powerful-" the vessel and cargo SHA LL Bs restored." We
are therefore entitled to the thing itself, or itsfullvalue.

If it be objected that the loss by depreciation is not chargeable to the respondents, we say that it is a fundamental rule that he who does the first wrong shall be liable-to allthe damages.

The act of the marshal was the actof the captors. His
sale, made after the appeal, was or was not regular. If regular, the proceeds were received to the use of the captors ; if irregular, although under the order of the court, the captors are liable. 12 J11od. 639. Boswell v. Prior. 5 Vin. Ab. 405. 1 Vernon, 297-307, Childerns v. Saxby. 6 Mod. 179. Regina v. Tracy.

At common law, if the judgment be reversed after goods sold under af.fa. the writ of restitution is to the .plaintiff, and not to the officer; and the plaintiff must an-
swer the value, not what they actually sold for. 2 Salk. 588. Cro. Eliz. 209. Rook v. 0ilmot. 390. Atkinson v. .Atkinson. 11 Mod.36. Clerh v. ffithers. Vin. Ab. Tit. Distress,171. pl. 1,2. Bro. Ab. Distress,p1 72.

The sentence of the court of appeals is conclusive that the capture was wrongful. It was a marine trespass. If the sloop had been taken by the British out of the hinds of the, captors, they would still have been liable.

12

SUPREME COURToU. S.

J-NNImis 1 Dall. 95. Talbot's Case. 3 Dall. 333. Del Cole. ArV. nold. 3 T. R. "333. in notis, Livineston and'Welch Y.
XP'Kenzie.

3. The third point, viz. that the district courts of the United States have jurisdiction in questions of prize,was admitted by the opposite counsel.
4. If the libellant is entitled to redress, his remedy survives againstthe executors of the owners of the capturing vessel.
The decree of the court of appeals is for restitution only, and the prayer of the libellant is for general relief, which is in all cases sufficient. 3 Dall.86, 87. 107. 118. .Penhallow v. Doane.
It is a rule in the civil law, that if the ancestor hag appeared to the suit, the heir will be liable, and it is a maxim in equity that the heir shall be liable, even in cases of tort. Domat. 605. 607, 608, 609. Cowper, 374. 376. I-ambly v. Trott. Grotius, b. 2. c. 21. s. 19, 20. Vinnius, 785. 787.
5. To support his fifth position, that it is immnatcriitl whether there were probable cause or not, he -relied upon the case of DelCol v. Arnold, 3 Dal. 333.
6. That the owners of the capturing vessel are liable for the. acts of the captors. In support of this positibn he cited 4 Rob. Rep. 293. The'Picimento. 292. The Venus. 1Dall. 108. 3 Dall. 384. 3 Dal. P.nhallow v. Doane.
Lewis, on. the same side, offered to read authorities to show that the appeal not only suspended the sentence, but the order to sell, unless a special power was given to the cdurt to proceed to sell notwithstanding the appeal.
"7are,contra, contended,
1. That the district court of Pennsylvania had not jurisdiction.

. FEBRUARY, 1807.

13

2. That the case of the libellant was void of merit.
1. If the proceeding is not against the prize itself, nor the proceeds of the sale of the prize, nor against the persons of the captors, a prize court has no jurisdiction. No case can be produced, where a prize court has taken' urisdiction merely against the persons of the owners of the capturing vessel. It is even doubted whether a court of admiralty could entertain a suit against theproceeds in the hands of the agent of the captors. " Proceedings upon prize are proceedings in rem; and it is presumed that the body and substance of the thing is in the country which has to exercis" the jurisdiction." l Rob-. Amer. Ed. 119. The FladOyen.

JZ.nTcx.s
V.
.

The jurisdiction of a court of vice-admiralty extends only to things brought within its authority. '3 Rob. 53. The Careland_Magdalena.

The sentence of the *court of appeals required. the court of admiralty of New-Jersey to cauie restitution to
be made. If the former sentence in New-Jersey is com-
plete, it is a bar to a subsequent suit. If it is not complete, but is still pending, it is equally a bar. 3 Bac. Ab. 653. Prec. Chdn. 579.

2d. As to the question of merits. Upon this subject
the case of The fentor, 1 Rob. 151-153. is in point. 'This also is an antiquated claim, and not pro.ecuted against the actual wrong doer, but against persons who were not present at the act complained of. Besides, there
was probable cause, and therefore no damages can be given. 1 Rob. 82. The Betsey. The sloop had sailed
undhr a British convoy ; this was a strong ground of suspicion, and, added to the false account of her deqtnation, her want of papers, and the destruction of papers,
was sufficient ground to excuse from damages and costs. 3 T. R. 332. Smart v. Wolf. 1 N. T. Term Rep. 64.
Yenks v. Ballet. Doug. 581. Bernardiv. Jlotteux. 1 -Mfarshall,317. The sentence of the court of admiralty of New-Jersey is of itself conclusive evidence cf proba-
ble cause. 1 Wilson, 232. Reynolds v. Kenned!.

14

SUPREME COURT U. S.

JzxXVz.E s The sale was the act of the court, and not of th CARSON. party.

The case of sale undera distress is not analogous; it
is the act of the party alone. It is not under the judgment ofa court. The sale produced a fund to which alone the libellant can resort. If a collateral security be given, and if that be lost by the laches of the party, he shall never recover.

.Fiom the date of the reversal of the decree, the marshal held the money to the use of the present libellant.

The rule of the civil law as to torts is the same with the rule of the common law, actiopersonalismoriturcunt
persona.

The Court stopped Ingersoll, on the saihe side, and
said, that the point which it would be difficult to establish on the part of the libellant is, that he would have been entitled to any remedy against the present appel-
lees, even on the very day after the sentence of the court of appeals.

Lewis, in reply.

The sentence of the court of appeals is conclusive evidence of the falsity of the original libel, and that the capture was tortiou..

That the present libellant is entitled to relief, in some form and in some court, cannot be questioned. It is not a case of common law jurisdiction, and there is no state court of admiralty in- New-Jersey. If any court has jurisdiction, it must he a district court of the United
States.

Two questions arise in the cause.

i. Is thelibel filed in the proper court ? and,

2. To what extent is the libellant entitled to relief?

PEBRUARY, 180?.

l

1. A neutral is entitled to restitution; andifthe captor will not proceed against the property in a reasonable
time, the owner may libel the captors, and pray that they
may proceed to adjudication, or restore the property.

Jmazxuzs V.

The .captured property must be considered as in the power and possession of the captors. The sale makes no -difference, unless made by cogent, or because the property was perishable, or under some act of congress or other statute law.

The British statutes require that the captured property should be taken into the custody of certain officers of the government or of thd court, and thereby might be
considered as in the custody of the law ; but congress had no such officers; the custody remained with the captors unil trial and acquittal or -condemnation. Resolve ofCongress of27th ofNovember, 1774. If it had been. a sentence of acquittal, a writ of restitution would have
issued. A mandate would have been vain, unless the
court had power to execute the sentence.

JoHNsox, J. inquired of Mr. Lewis whether in his practice he had known any instance in which, upon filing a libel, a warrant has not issued to take the captured properiy into the custody of th6 marshal.

MARSnALL, Ch. J, It is certainly important to ascertain in whose custody the property 'was. I had all along considered it as in the custody of the law.

Levzs. I have had an opportuhity of knowing a great deal of the aamiralty practice during our revolutionary war, being concerned in all the cases in Pennsylvania, and in all the appeals from the state courts. I do not know an instance in which such a warrant has issued. But the records of the court of appeals are in the office of the clerk of this court. In this very case there was no such warrant.

LIVirGSTON, J; It appears that the sale was made by the marshal uiider the order of the court. Must we not presume that the cburt knew and did its duty; and that the goods Were in a perishing condition ?

VoL IV.

C

SUPREME COURT U. S.

JEX,, Ws V.

Lewis. If the general practice was not to, issue such a warrant, but to suffer-the property to 'remain in the
hands of the captors, and no warrant appears in this record, which ought to be presumed to contain all the proceedings in the case, the presumption is that no such warrant ever was issued; especially if such warrant was not rendered necessary by the law.

There was no writ or warrant of sale from the court, to the marshal. The order of sale is embodied in the final decree itself. It was made before the appeal, and while the court had the power to make such an order.

But the appeal suspended both the power to condemn and the power to sell. The appeal 'suspends the sentence as to every parpose whatsoever, unless the. power of.sale lifter appeal be given by express law, or unless the goods are in a perishiii- condition.

The law of New-Jersey which constituted the court,

does not relate to the. case of appeal, and the act of I 8th/

,December, 1.781, Was made to remedy this defect, but

that was made threeyears after the sale. In 2 Roll. Ab.

233. 1. it is said, that " if, after sentence, the party ap-'

peal, the sentence is altogethersuspended during th6 ap-

peal." And Wood, in his Institutes,p. 525. says, "All

acts done after the appeal, in prejudice of the appellant,

are

to

be

rdversed.

'
"

In 2 Browne's Civil Law, 437. it

is said that an appeal #pudacta may be necessary to pre-

vent the instant intermeddling of the adversary.

The same law is laid down by Coke, 4 Inst. 340. Sir Thomas Parker's Rep. 70. Foster v. Cochburn, where upon argument and great deliberation the court of exchequer decided, that their power to order a sale of the goods seized was suspended by a writ of error, itnot being. sufficiently proved that they were nerishable.

. Before trial and condemnation, perishable articles may be sold, but in no other case, unless the power be given by statute law. 2 Browne's Civil Law, 227. 229. 4.46.
450. A special power to sell, notwithstanding an appeal, is given by the British prize acts ; but no such
power was given to the admiralty court of New-Jersey.

FEBRUARY, 1807.

17

either by the law of that state or the act of congress. 2 Jnxxnzas

Browne'* Civil Law, 231. 454. If the property was ifi

Y.

tle custody of Carson, he was bound by the sentence of ,,.

t.

restitution.

As io ihe question whether the libellant has any remedy against the executors of the owners of the privateer, we say that we claim merely restitution in specie, or of the value ; we claim no damages for the tort.

CHAsE, J. This is a lilel grounded upon the original wrong, The proceedings of the court of admiralty
of New-Jersey, and of the continental court of appeals, are brought in only as an exhibit. There is no new relief prayed for.

Lewis. There is a supplemental libel, and- the first
lMbel prays for generalrelief. It is the same r ayer as
in the case of Penzallow v. Doane. The case in Cowper, 74. shows that the remedy extends to executors, where the estate of the testator has been benefited" by the tort.
The case of Penhallowv. Doaneis against the executois of the owner. The libel in the present case was drawn from, that precedent.

MARSA.ALL, Ch. J. The objection is that the libel does not charge that, the property has not been restored ; nor that it has not been proceeded against ; nor that the sentence of the court of appeals has not been carried into
effect.

If these'allegations had been made in the bill, and there- had been a prayer for general relief, your argument would be pertinent. But the libel complains only of the original tortious capture, and claims damages.
There is no legation that the property was destroyed, or thata wrongful sale had been made.

LIVINOSTON, J. It is strange that the case of Petnhal-
low v. Doane should be cited by the appellant. Thedecision in that case is directly against him. The court there gave- relief only for the property which actually came to the hands of the respondents.

JxNINOB
CA.N

1

SUPREME COURT U. S.

"lMARsTrIAL, Ch. J. observed, that in the case cited
from Cowper, the property had come to the hands of the executor. The law of that case is not denied by this court.

Lewis. This court is sitting as a court of admiralty
proceeding according to the law of nations. No irregularity of form ought to prevent us from obtaining relief according to the case we make out.

As to the question whether thedistrict court of Penn, sylvania had cognizance ; heobserved,

That if the property had been carried first to NewJersey and then to Pennsylvania, ihe libel would have been proper in Pennsylvania. So where the libel is
sgainstthe person, and he is found in Pennsylvania, the libe" must be filed there. The only remedy of the libellant is in the courts of the Uniited States, and the fede-
ral district court of New-Jersey is as foreign to the state court of New-Jersey, as the federal district court of Pennsylvania.

Carson was bound by the decree of the court of ap4 peals ; and courts of admiralty proceeding according to We law of nations will aid each other in the execution of
their sentences. Carson died bound by the decree, and his executors are therefore bound. As they lived in Pennsylvania, we could only sue them there.

As to the extent of the relief, he observed, that the sentence was for restitution ; and as that sentence was passed with the knowledge that a sale had been made, he inferred that the court of appeals did not intend that the proceeds of the sale only should be paid over, but that there should be an actual restitution of tho thing it,
self, or of its actual value. It is no answer to say that such is the usual form of decree in case's where a sale has beer made, because those are precedents where the sale hai been lawfully made ; but here it was unlawful.

Dallas,on the same side.

PEBRUARY, 180't.

t

The real'question is, who shall bear the loss of the deprediation- of the money; and this -depends upon the
question in whose possession was the property at the time of the decree of restitution.

Jittwnma V.

The clairhant did no act, -andwas guilty of..no omission which could make 'that loss fall upon him I but it was a loss produced by the tortious act of' the captord, and they are in law an§werable for all the consequencei.

In England, formerly, all captures were considered
as made for the crown. It was only in consequence-of the prize acts and proclamations, that the property was
adjudged-to the captors. But it is now settled fhat the property vests ip, the captors immediately upon the capture ; 5 Rob.* and the resolves of thi old congress take for granted the same principle. By the law of nations
the property is changed by the capture, and the owner 'has no, further power over it. The claimant is really
and substantially a defendant through all the forms of proceeding, as well in the original suit as inthe present. There was no assent, on his part, to the sale-no acq'ui-
escence in any act oftlecourt, or of the marshA.l. The decree of restitution supposes and implies that the property remained in the hands of the captors. The order
for sale was made to carry into effect the decree of con-
demnation, and for the purpose of distribution,, not for the preservation of the property, nor to hold it in custo-
dy of the law. No security was given by the captors or by the marshal. No public notice was given of the sale;
no such notice was required by the order of sale. The sale was made thirteen days after the order was sus pended by the appeal, and the captor was the purchaser.

"1lie case was before the court of appeals upon its particular circumstances, as well as' upon iti general merits;
aid the fact of the sale after the appeal must have been known to the court. Two years had elapsed since the
original sentence. A restitution of the thihg itself was impossible; and the form of the decree of reversal must have been a matter in question. If' the sale had been regulaily and lawfully made, the court of appeals would

The case ofthe .Eke*, 5 .Rob. 173. ceems ctrq&

SUPJEME COURT. U. S.

7J4t9rids VAo."
·AI .

have taken nttice of it, .and have decreed restoration of the prdceeds of the. sale., .3 Dal. 102. 115. 119. P(nz kallow v..Doane. Itwas a fact of which the captor might have availedhiinself before that court.

But-the marshal is to be considered merely as the agent of.the captor.,
The claimant had nb remedy but against the person of the captor. There is no evidence that the proceeds of the sale- re any-where to be found.

The original libel did -not ask for process to arrest the vessel, but merely prayed for condemnation. "The possession, and the right of possession, were in the captor. There was no process to attach the vessel. The first
process wasa monition and venire for the jury. The mar. shal could have no-right to possession, unless by virtue of process of attachment. There is no orderin the whole proceedings which takes the possession from the captor.'
"fterthe uppeal the order of sale was a nullity, and the sale by the t'aarshal was as the agent of the captoi,' who
Was a trustee for the claimant, und had no.right tP sell;
and ist therefore, liable for all the consequences.

MARSHALL, court.

February 11.
Ch. J. delivered the 'opinion of the

The prialteer Addition, cruising under a commission
granted by-.the congress of these United States during the war between this country and Great Britain, captured
the sloop George, brought her into port, and libelled her in the court of admiralty for the state of New-Jersey, where she was condemned as lawful prize by a sentence renderefd 6R the $1st of October 1778, and ordered to bosoldby themrnarshal. From,this sentence Richard D, Jtnniga the owner, prayed an appeal, which, on the 23d of lDece(Aber, 1780, came on to be heard Ibefore the -court of appeals constituted by congress, when the sen, tence -ofthe court of Jersey' was reversed, and restitu-
tion of the vessel and cargo was awarded. Pending the appeal, on the 13th of November, 1778, the 6rder of sals

FEBRUARY, 180T.

war executed, and the proceeds of sale remaitnedirtpoosession of the marshal. It does not appear that any applicatioa was ever made to the court of New-Jersey to
have execution of the-decree of the court of appeals, and, this suit is brought to carry it int6 execution, or.on some other principle to recover from the estate of Joseph'Carson,-who'was part owner of the privateer Addition, the value of the George and her-cargo.

Jlz2;uzx v

So far as this bill seeks to carry into effect the decree
of the 23d of Deceinber, 1780, there is no doubt of the. jurisdiction of the court; but.the relief granted can only be commensurate with that decree. It is therefore all essential to the merits of this cause to inquire how far Joseph Carson, the'testator of the defendants, was bound by the sentence which this court is asked to carry into effect.

The words under which the plaintiffs claim are those which direct the restoration of the George and her cargo.
A the captors are not ordered by nameto effect this restoration, and as the order bound those in possessioll 9f the subject on whibh it must be construed to operate, it must be considered as affecting those who could obey. it, not those who were not in possession of the thing to be restored, had no power over it and were, conseqitently, unable to redeliver it. Had Richard D. Jennings
appeared before the. court of New-Jersey with this decree in his hand, and demanded its execution, the pioceas. of that court would -havebeen directed to those who po3sessed the thing to be restored, not to those who held no poweroverit, either in point of fact or law.

This position appears too plain to-require she aid of precedent, but if such aid should -be looked f6r; the case
of Doane v. Penhallow unquestiqnahly affords it. In hat case a decree of reversal and restitution was satisfled by directing the proceeds of the,sales to be paid ;. and even the judge who tried the cause at- the circuit concurred with his brethren in reversing his own judgment, so far as it had decreed.joint damages, and had
thereby rendered. the defendant liable for more than he had received. "thecase of Doane v. Penhallow therefore; which must be considered as expounding the de-

JzMOos CAflS"oN.

- SUPREME COURT UL.S.
cree of the court of apprals now under consideratiob, has decided that Joseph Carson was bound to effect restitution by that decree so far only as he was, either in law or in fact, possessed of the G ebrge and her cargo, or of the pr9ceeds.

To this point, therefore, the inquiries of the court will be directed.

In prosecuting them it will be necessary to ascertain whether,"

1st. The George and her cargo were, previous to the sentence, in the custody of the law, or of the captom.

Fd. Whether the court of admiralty, after an appeal from theirsentence, possessed the power to sell the 'vessel and cargo, and to hold the proceeds for the bencfit of
those having the 'right.

' It appears that the court of New-Jersey, which condemned the George and her cargo as prize, was established in pursuance of the recommendation of congress,
and that no legislative act had prescribed its practice or defined'its powers. The act produced in court was-pass-
ed at a subsequent period, and consequently cannot go- vern the case. But the court cannot admit the correctness of the argument drawn from this act by the counsel
for the llaintiffs in error. It cannot be admitted that an act defining the powersand regulating the practice of a pre-existing court, contains provisions altogether new.
The reverse of this-proposition is generally true. Such an act may rather be expected to be confirmatory'of thq practicie and of the powers really ex~rcised.

Since we find a court instituted and proceeding to act as a court, without a law defining its practice or its powers, we must suppose it to have exercised its powers in such mode as is employed by other courts instituted for the object,.and as is consonant to the' general.princi-
ples on which it.must act.

That by the practice of courts 'of admiralty a vessel when libelfed is placed under the absolute controul of the

PEBRUARY, iO'.

3

court, is not controverted ; but the plaintiffs contend that this power over the subject. is not inherent In a
court of admiralty, but 1s given by statute, and in support
of this dpinion the prize acts of Great Britain have been
referred to, which unquestionably contain regulations on this point. But the court is not of opinion that those acts confer entirely new powers on the courts whose practice they regulate. In Browne's Civil and Admiralty
Law,in his chapter on the jurisdicti6n bf the prize courts, it is ezpressly stated that those courts exercised their ju7isdiction anterior to the prize acts, and the same opimoA is expressed by Lord Mlansfield, in the case of Lindo v. Rodney, which is cited by Browne. The prize acts, therefore, mosf probably regulated pre-existing powers in the manner best adapted tothe actual circumstances of the time.

It is conceived that the constitution and character of a court of admiralty, and the object it is to effect, will throw in' ch light ou this-subject.

' 'The -proceedings of that court are in rein, and their sentences act on the thing itself. They decide who has the r-ight, and they order its delivery to the party having the right. The libellant and the claimaht are bothactors. They both de nand from the court the thing in contest.
Itwould be repugnant t6 the principles ofjustice and tothe practice of courts to leave the,thing in possess.ion of either of the parties, Without security, while the cotitest
is depending. If the practice, of a court of admiralty should not place the thing in the custody of its officers, it would be essential to justice that security should Ere
demanded of the libellant to have it forthcoming tuanawer the order of the court.

Ifthe captor should fail tQ libel the aptured vessel,
it has been truly stated in argument that the owner may claim her in the court of admiralty. How excessively defective would be the practice of that court, if, on receiving such a claini, it neither took possession of the
vessel, nor recuired security that its sentencd should be performed. Between the rights of.a claimant where a libel is filed and where it is not filed, no distinction is perr

Vol. IV.

D

z1=n?!2rs
v. .

24

SUPREME COURT U. S.

JnEa1ons CAS"O=.

ceived, and the court conceives the' iecessary result of
proceedings id"remi to be that the thing in litigation must be placed in the custody of the lhw, and cAnnot be delivered to either party but on sufficient-security.

In conformity with this opinion is the prqctice 6f the
court of admiralty, not only when sitting for the trial of
prizes, and acting in conformity with the directions of
positiye law, but ivhen sitting as an instance court, and conforming to the original principles 'of a court of ad-
miralty. In his chapter "on the practice of the instance court,",under thetitle of "proceedings in rem," p. 397. Browne states explicitly, that when the proceedihg is
against a ship, the processcommences with a warr2ntdireating the a'rrest of the ship. In Browne, 405. the course of proceedings against a ship, not for a debt, but tb obtain possession, is stated at length, and in that case too the-court takes possession of the shiv.

It must be supposed that a dourt of admiralty, having prize jurisdition, and consequently proceeding in rem,
and not having its pracice precisely regulated by law, would conform to those principles which usually govern
courts proceeding in rem, and which- seem necessarily to
belong to the proper exercise of their functions. If in proceedihg against a ship to subject her to the payment of a debt, or to acquire the possession of her on account
of tide, the regular course is that the court takes the vessel into custody and holds her for the party having right,
the- conclusion seems irresistible, that in proceeding
against a ship to conde'mn her as prize to the captor, ot to restore her to the owner who has been ousted of his possession, the dourt will also take the vessel into custody, and hold her for the party having the right.

This reasoning is illustrated, and its correctness in a great measure confirmed, by the legislation of the United States, and the judicial progeedings of otur own country. By the. judicial act the district courts are also
ourts of admiralty, and no law has regulated their practice. Yet they proceed according to the general rules of the admiralty, and a vessel libelled is always in possession of the law.

FEBRUARY, 1807.

25

Anobjeetion, however, to the application oi this teasoning to the case before the court is drawn -from the
defectiveness of the record iii'the original cause, which does not exhibit a warrait to 'the officer to arrest the George. The first step which appears to have been taken by the court is an order to the marshal to summon ajury for the trial of the case.

jz.zz1s CAUVO.. .

The carelessness with which the papers of a court created for the purposes of the war, and which.ceised to exist before the institution of this suit, have been
kept, may perhaps account for this circumstance. At
any rate the court of admiralty must be presumed to
have done.its duty,'and to have been in piossession of the thing in contest, if its duty required that possession. The proceedings furnish reasons for cqnsidering this as the fact.

The'libel does not state the George to have remain-
ed in possession of the captors, that the sale was made
for them. or by-their means, nor that the proceeds cme to their hands. The answer of the defendants avers that on bringing the George into port, she was delivered up with all her papers to the court of admiralty, -and,
although the answer is not testimony in this respect, yest the nature of the transaction furnishes. ample -reason to believe that this'was the fact; apd it is 1he duty of the plaintiff to show that the defendants. are in a situation to be liable to his.claini. If the process of the court of admiralty' does not appear regular, this court-, not sitting
to reverse or affirm their judgment, but to carry a dedree of reversal and-restoration into effect, must suppose the property to be in the hands of those in whom th law ,places it, unless the contrary appears. The Georgeand lier cargo, therefore, must he considered as being in cus-
tody of the law, unless the contrary appears.

If this conclusion be right, it follows that the regularity of the sale is a question of no importance to the defendants, since that sale was the act of.a court having legal possession of the thing, and acting on its own an-
thoritv.

·*26

SUPREME COUllT U. S.

JaYKnNoS If ttie teasoning be incorrect, it then becowdd neces-

T.

sary to inquire,

2d; Whether the court of NewJersey, after an qfped1
from its sentence, possessed the power of sllng the. "George and her cargo, and holding the proceeds for the party having the right.

:That. the British courts possess this power is admi- tbd, lut the-plaintiffs contend that'it is conferred by sta-
tute, and is not incident to a'prize tour"

That the power exists while the cause is depending in court seems'not to b'e denipd, and indeed may be proved Jby the same authority and the same etrain of reasoning which has already been used to show the right to take possession of the thing whenever proceedings are in rcma Browne, in his chapter on the practice of the instance court, shows its regular course td be todecree a dale where the goods are in a perishable condition.
The plaintiffs allege that this power to deerde a Wnle is founded on ,the posscssion of the cause, but the court in-iperceive no groundffor such an opinion. It is sup., ported by no principle of andlogy, and is repugnant to the reason and nature of the thing,.

In cases only where the subject itself is in possesgion .of the court, is the order of sale made, If it be deliver-
ed on security to either party, an order of sale pendihfb the caus, is unheard of in admiralty proceedings. The motive assigued for the order never isithat the court is in-possession of the, cquse, but that the property in posz sessiqn of the court is in a perishable state. A right to
order a sale is for the benefit of all parties, tot becaUs6 the case is depending ii that particular court, but because ihe thing may perish while in its custody, and while neithdr party can enjoy its use.

If then the principle on which the power of the court to ordera sple depends, ig not that the cause is depending in court, buttlat perishable property is in its possession, thlis
-principle exists in as much force after as before an appeal. .The property does not follow the appeal into the superior

. EBRUARY, 1407.

court. It till. remainsj4 custody of. the officer of that court in which it was~libelled, The case of its preseria-
tion is not altered by the appeal. -The duty to prtseive it is still the same, and it would seem reaspnab)k that the power consequent on that duty woigd be also xrtained.

Jr-=xnuzs v

On the principles of reason, therefore, the court is sa-
tisfied that the tribunal whose officer retains pobsession of, the thing retains he powvr of selling it when in a perishing condition, although the qause ma be carried by appeal to a superioy court. "T1hi opinion is not unsup-
ported by authority.

In his chapter on -tle practice o the instance court, -page 405. Brojgne says, 1" If tht; ship,or goods are in a ,tate.6f decay, or ofa perishablenaturt-, the cour~is used, during thd pendency of a suits or sometimes after sen. tence, notwithstanding an appeal, to issue a commissiot, of appraisement and sale, the money to be lodged with the registrar of the qourt, in usunjtts habenti,."

SThis practice does .not., appear to be established by
statte, but to b incident to the jurisdiction of the court, and to grow out of the principles which form its law. A pri~zecourt not-regulated by particular statute would pro, ceed 9n the same priqciple4-at least there is the same reason'for it.

.. But there .is in this, case no distinct order 9f sale. The
order is -apart.of the sentenqe from -whichan appeal was prayed, ,and is therefore- said to be suspended with the residue:of-0aat sentence.

The proceedings of the cburt of admiralty, if they ire ll before this cpur. were c~rtainly very irregular, and much of thedifficulty o thia.ase arises from that cause; but as thiscase stands,-,it .wotila seem entirely unjut to
decree the defenidant-.to pay a:heavy sum of money, because the.court, of admiralty has done iriegularly that which it had an unqtestionable right to -do-.

Since the court of 4dmiralty possessed the power of making a distinct order of sale immediately after the appeal.was.entered, and this, but for the depreciation, wiule

SUPRE ME CO1RT U. S.

Jz2;NNGs V. .

have been desirable by all, it is not unreasonable to sup-
pose the practice to have been to consider the appeal as made from the condemnation, and not from the order of sale. The manner in which this appeal was entered affords some couintenance to this opinion. In the recital of the matter appealed from, the condemnation alone, not the order of sale,'is stated.

The court will not consider this irregularity of the ad-
miralty, in ordering.what was within its power, as chargii~g the owiers of -the privateer, under the decree of the 23d of December, 1780, with.the amount of the sales of
the George and hd" cargo, which in point of fact never came to their hands, arid over which they never possesscd a legal controul, for the marshal states himself to hold the net pr6ceeds to the credit of the former owners.

It is therefore the- unahimous opinion of this court
that the decree of the .23d of December, 1780, does not require that the restoration and redelivery which it or-
ders should be effected by the captors, but by those who in point of iaw and fact were in possession either of the
George and her cargo, or of the money for which they were sold. A6 the officer of the court of New-jersey, not thi captors, held this possession, the decree operates upon him, not upon them.

On that piart of the libel in this case which may be
considered ns supplemental, and as asking relief in addition to that which was given'by thd dcree of the 23d of December, 1780, the court deems it-nebessary to-make but pLvery few obseryations.

The wh6le argument in favour of this part of the claim
is founded on the idea that the captors were wrong doers, and are responsible for all tbe'loss which has been produced by their tortious act. The sentence of reVersal and restoration is considered by the plaintiffs as conclusive evidence that they were wrong doers.

But the court can by no meane assent to this principle. A belligerent cruizer who with probable cause
sdizes a neutral and takes her into port for aajudipcation,

FEBRUARY,. 1807.

29

and proctedsregularly, is not a rongdoer, The actis ndt tortious. The order of restoration proves that the
property was neutral, not that it was taken without pro-
bable cause. Indeed, the decree of the court of appeals is in this-respect in favour bf the captors, since it does not award damaged for the capture and detention, nor give costs in the suit below.

Jznmzzes

If we pass by the decree, and examine the testimony on which it was founded, we cannot hesitatd to admit that there was justifiable cause to seize and libel the
vessel

Upon the whole case then, the court is unaninmously of opinion that the decree of the circuit court ought to be afirmed.

Sentence affirmed.

RHINELANDER v. THE INSURANCE COMPAXY RUU,ELA1.-

OF PENN4SYLVANIA.

Dz
v*

I,. Co. oF

PZZ.Z1SYLVA22A.

THIS was a case certified from the circuit c'ourt for The district of-Pennsylvania, in which the opinions of the judges of that court were opposed to each other upon the question, whether the plaintiff was entitled to recover upon a case stited, the materiar facts of which were as follow:
The defendants insured 12,500 dollars, on thefrglt of the plaintiff's Americon ship The-ifanhattan, which had been chartered by ,Afhturn & Champlin, for a voyage from N42Tqrh to Batavia, and bach to NewTor.k. The freight was valued in thcpolic at 50,000 dollars. -The charter-party contained a covenant that if any dispute should arLe between the phint!! and Minturn & C/t'.tnizmn respecting the freight, the.cargo should not be deiained by the plaintifF,provided they

A capt of a r.eutrd a prize by 2
tote lossins dal
entitles the insured to
abandon. The state of
thloess at th time cf te o.e to aban-
fi'xthee rights of the reso.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1807.

THE UNITED STATES v. KID AND WVATSOk.
-

STATiS
V. K13D AID WAT8O2r.

THIS case was certijfiedfrom the circuit court of the Round cop. district of Pennsylvania, upon a division of opinion per bars.,
between the judges of that court, upon the queston 'r.ud coper
whether certain articles of copper, viz. rovnd copper round copper ars,roundcopperplates, and i-oundcopperplates turned plates turned zp at the edges, imported by the defendants, were sub- up2t tli ject to. duty, within the meaning of the acts of con- noetgseus,b,jeacret to gress ; viz.20th July,'1789--andloth ofAugkst, 1790, duty upon im. vol. 1. p. 251. § 1. by which " copper in plates" is portation. -
exempt from duty, and the act of the 2d of _f ay, 1792, vol. 2.p. 71. § 2. by which " copper in pigs and bars" is also exempt from duty.

The jury found a special verdict, the substance of which was, that such articles as those in question, are of no use in the form in which they are imported, but are worked up as-a raw material. That the round, the -square and the fiat bars*are, by the manufacturers and
artists, known by-the denominition of "bars." ,That all the -artclesare sold by weight, and the same price is pai4 for round as for square or flat bars; and for rouud plates, and round plates turned up at the edges,
:As fot square or oblong plates. "And that all the afore-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TH&UNITED said articles come under the description of bar& and STATES plates."

KID AND WATsor.

Rodne'4, Attorney Generil,

Admitted that the case was not to be supported, on the part of, tle United States, and that judgment must be given for the, defendatsk.

V.
C aso.

JENNINGS v. CARSON.

The owner of -THIS was an arpeal from the sentence of the circuit a piivateer court for the district of Pennsylvania, in a cause civil
capturing . andrmaritime, in which yennings was the libellant, qnd

neutral snot Carson the respondent ; the former claiming to be liable to ade- owner of the sloop George and 'cargo, captured, in the cre of rest- year 1778, by the American privateer Additiop, comthe property, maided' by Moses Griffin, of which the respondent,

or its pro. ceeds, caie toThhise hdaisntdrsic. t
tohe hdst courts of the United States are courts of
prize; and
have power -to carry into effectthesentences of the
old continental courts of appeals in' prize causes.
In all proceedings i, rem.,the court .ohrads.eartrhigehttinto to d thken

Carson, was part owner, and which was libelled and condemned, on the 31st of October, 1778, as lawful prize, by the court of admiralty for thd state offNNewwJqrsey; from which sentence of condemnation. there was an appeal to the continental court of appepls, esta blishefunder authority of the old congress, where the sentence of condeipnation was, on the 23d of December, 1780, reversed, and restitution ordered, but never obtamined. In the mean time, however, the vessel 'and cargo had been sold by the marha of the statc court of
admiralty, forpaper money, under an order of the court contitined in the sentefice of condemnation, and it did not apper what had been done with that moned. No measures were fLento enforce the decree of restitution during the 61d confederation.
On the 19th of, May, 1790, after the adoptiot of the

into custody present constitution of the United States, Jenningi filed of the law ;his libel in the district court for the district of Pennand jt islo be sylvania, alleging that he ws -a subject. of the States

