SUPREME COURT U. S.

CPOUDSOX
V. LflONARD.-

CROUDSON AND OTHERS v. LEONARD.

The sentence ERROR to the circuit couit of the district of Coof a foreign lumbia ; in an action on. a policy of insurance on the court ofadtri- cargo of the brig Fame, on a voyage from Alexandria,

r av ee for breac' of bloade, is doennccleusiovfe tehoatt-
fact in an action on the policy of ii.uwance.

to, at; and from Barbadoesand four other pbrts in the West-lndies, and back to Alexandria, the vessel lnd cargo warranted American property, 'The vessel'arrived at Barbadoes, and sailed from thence for Anti-
gua, but on her voyage to that island was captured by a British vessel, and cat'ried into Barbadoes, and there condemned in the vice-admiralty court, for attempting to break the blockade of Martinique.

The jury found a special verdict, upon whiqh the judgment below was in favouf of the plaintiffs..
The only question drising upon this s~ecial verdict was, whether the sentence of the court of vice-admiraltv was conclusive evidence of an aftemnpt to violate the blockade of Martinique.
This question having been several times arg'ued, (but not decided,) in the case of Fitzsmnzoni v. The Nezvport Insurance Company, at this term, (ante,' p. 15.) the counsel submitted it to the court without further ar gument.
fl'ar0h 15.
J'otNsoN, J. The action below was instituted on' 4 policy of insurance.
On behalf of the insurers, it was contended that the policy was forfeited by committing a breach of blockade. It is not, prnd cannot be made a question, -thac this is bne of those acts which will exonerate the underwriters from their liability. The only point below was relative to the evidence upon which the comimission of

FEBRUARY, 1808.

the act may be substantiated. A sentence of a British
prize couit in Barbadoes was given in evidence, by which it appeared that the vessel was condemned for attempting to commit a breach of blockade. It is the English doctrine, and the correct doctrine on the law of nations, that an attempt to commit a breach of blockade is a violation of belligerent rights, and authorises capture. This doctrine is not denied, but the plaintiff contends that he did not commit such an attempt, and the court below permitted bvidence -to go tp the jury to disprove the fact on which the condemnation professes
to proceed.

cnotno.
L^,,.

On this point, I am of opinion that the court below erred.

I do not think it necessary to go through the mass of learning on this subject, which has so often been brought
to the notice of this court, and particularly in the case of Fitzsimmons, argued at this term. Nearly the whole of it will be found very well summed up in the 18th, rhapter of Mr. P-ark's Treatise. The doctrine appears
to me to rest upon three very obvious considerations : the propriety of leaving the cognizance of prize questions exclusively to courts of prize jurisdiction-the very great inconvenience amounting nearly to an impos-
sibility of fully investigating such cases in a court of -common law--and the impropriety of revising the de-
cisions of the miritime courts of other nations, whose
jurisdiction is co-ordinate throughout the world;

It is sometimes contended that this doctrine is novel, and that it takes its origin in an incorrect extension of the principle in Hughes v. Cornelius. I am induced to believe-that it is coeval with the species df contract to which it is applied. Policies of insurance are known to have been brought into England from a country that acknowledged the civil law. This must have been the law of policies at the time when they were considered
as cdtracts proper for the admiralty jurisdiction, and were submitted to the court of policies established in. the reign of Elizabeth. It is probable that, at the time wNven the common law assumed to itself exclusive jurisdiction of the contract of insurance, the rule was

CROUDOSON LEo"V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
too much blended with the law of poliies to have been
dispensed with, had it even been inconsistent with common law principles. But, in fact, the common law had sufficient precedent for this rule, in its own receiVed priiciples relative to sentences of the civil law courts of England. It may be true that there are no cases upon this subject prior to that of flughes'v. Cornelius, but this does not disprove.the existence of the doctrine. There can be little necessity for ,reporting decisions upon questions that cannot be controverted.. Since the case of Hughes v. C6ornefius, the doctrine has frequently been brought to the notice of the courts of Great Britain, in insurance cases, but always with a view to contest its applicability to particular cases, or to restrict the gene rardoctrine by exceptions, but'the existence of the rulc, er its 'applicability to actions on policies, is no where controverted.

I am of opinion that the sentence of condemnation was conclusive-evidence of the commission of the offence for which the. vessel was condemned, and as that offence was one which vitiated the policy, the defendants ought to have had Averdict.
WASHINGTON, J. The single question in this case is, whether the sentence of the admiralty court at Barbadoes, condemning the brig Fame and her cargo as prize, for an attempt to break the blockade of Martinique, is conclusive evidencd against the insured, to falsify his warranty of neutrality, notwithstanding the fact stated in the sentence as the ground of conderdnation is negativd'by the jury?

This question has long been at. rest in England. The,
established law upon this subject in the courts of that country is, that the sentence cl a foreign court of coinpetent jurisdiction condemnit.g the property upon the .ground that it was not neutral, is so entirely conclusive of the fact so decided, that it can never be controverted, directly or collaterally, in any other court having concurrent jurisdiction.

This doctrine seems'to result from the application. of' a legai principle which prevails in respect to 4omestic

FEBRUARY, isb0.

437

,judgments, to thejudgments and sentences of foreign CnoDso:;

courts.

V.

It is a well established rule in England, that the j,!dg-
ment, sentence, or decree of a court of exclusive jurisdiction directly upon the point, may be given in evidence as concluive between the same parties, upon the same matter coming incidentally in question in another court for a different puipose. It is not only conclusive of the right which it ctablishes, but of thefact which it directly decides.

This rule, when applied to the sentences of courts of admiralty, whether foreign or domestic, produces the doctrine which I am now considering, upon the ground that all the world are parties in an admiralty ciuse. The proceedings are in rem, but any person having an interest in the property may interpose a claim, or may prosecute an appeal from the sentence. The insured is
emphatically a party, and in every instance has an opportunity to controvert the alleged grounds of condemnation, by proving, if he can, the neutrality of the property. The master is his immediate agent, and he is also bound to act for the benefit of all concerned, so that, in this respect, he also represents the insurer. That irregularities have sometimes taken place, to the exclusion of a fair hearing of the parties, is not to bc denied. But this furnishes no good reason against the adoption of a general rule. A spirit of comity has induced the courts of England to presume that foreign tribunals, whether of prize or municipal jurisdiction, will act fairly, and will decide according to the laws which-ought to govern them ; and public convenience seems to require that a question, which has once been fairly d~cided, should not be again litigated between the same parties, unlezs in a court of appellate jurisdic-
ion,
The irregular and unjust decisions of the French courts of admiralty of late years, have induced even English judges to doubt of the wisdom of the above doctrine in relation to foreign sentences, but which they have acknowledged to be too well established for English tribumafs to shake ; and the jtustice with which the same

SUPREME- COURT U. S.

CR6unsO-
7 ,

'char'ge is made by all neutral nations against the.English
"as well as against the French courts of admiralty,, Juring the same period, has led man), American jurists to: question the validity of the doctrine in the courts 8f our own country. It is said to be a novel doctrine)
lately sprung up, and acted upon as a rule of decision in -the English courts, since the period when English
decisions have loit the weight of authority in the courts of the United States. It is this position which I shall "now examine; acknowledging that I do not hold myself bound by Guch decisions made since the revolution, al-
though;, as evidence of what the law was prior to that period, I read and respect them.

The authority of the case of iu hes v. Cornelius, the earliest we meet with as to the conclusiveness of a fod
reign sentence, is adnitted ; but its application to a question arising under a warranty of neutrality betwcen the insurer and ipsured, is denied. It is true that, in that caie, the only point expressly decided was, that the s~ntence was conclusive as to the change of property
effected by th .condemnation. But it is obvious that the point decided in that case depended, .not upon some newlpinclple peculiar to the sentences of foreign courts, but upon the application of a general rule of law to such sentences.

Thig case, as far as it goes, places a foreign sentence
upon the same foundation as the sentence or decree of an English court acting upon the same subject ; and we have seen that,- by the general rule of law, the la'ter, if conclusive at all, is so as to thefact directly decided, as well" as to the' change of property produced by the establishment of the fact. Hence it would seem to follow, that if. the sentence of a foreign'court of, admiralty be conclusive as.to th property, it is equally conclusive
of the, matter. or fact directly decided. What is the thatter decided in the case under consideration ?-Thnt tle vessel was. seized whilst attempting to break a blockade; in consequence'of Nvhich she lost her neutral character.; and the change of property pr6duped by the sentence of condemnation is a consequence of the mattei decided, that she was, in effects; enemy-property... Cai te parties to that sentence be bound by so much of

FEBRUARY, "18o8,

439

it as works a loss of'the property, becauseit was dedared to be enemy-property, and yet be left free to litigateanew in some other form, the very point decided
from which this consequence flowed? Or upon what just principle, let me ask, shall a party to a suit, who has once been heard, and whose rights have been decided by a competent tribuhal, be" perniitted in another court of concurrent jurisdiction, and, in a different form of 'action, to litigate the same question, and to take
another chance for obtaining a difterent fesult ? 1 confess I am strongly inclined to think that the case of Rug-he4 v. Cornelius-laid.a strong foundation for the doctrine which was built upon it; und which for.many years past has been established law in Englaad. This opinion iEgiven with the more 'confidence, when I find it sanctioned by the positive declarations of distinguished law charactrs-men who are, of all others, tht best able to testify respecting the course of decisions upon the doctrine I am examining, and the source froth which
it sprung.

CAouD5Oz,

In the case of 'Lothian v. Henderson, 3 Bos. & Pull.
499. Chainbre,J. speaking upon this point, says that the sentence of the French court was in that case conclusive against the claim of the assured, -1agreeable to all the decisions upon the subject, beginning" with 'the case of Hughes v. Cornelius, (confirmed as that was by the opinion of Lord Holt in two subsequent cases,);and pursuing .theih down to the present peiiod. It is true," he observes;, " that in Hughes v. Cornelius,the question
upon the foreign sentence arose in an action of trover, and not in an'action on a policy of assurmnce, where tht non-complian'ee with a. warranty pf nebtrality is in dispute. But from that period to the present, the doctrine there laid down respecting foreign. sentences has been considered equally applicable, to questions of warranty
in actions on policies, as-to questions of property in actions of trover." Le Blanc, J. says, " that these sentences are admissible and conclusiv4 evidence of ihe fact they decide, it seems not safe now to qutwstion. From 'the time of Car. II. to this day, the), have been received as such, without being questioned. In the discussion of the nature bf such evidence before this

Vol. IV.

S K

440

SUPREME COURT U. S.

CRouDsox V
J.EONAM).

house in 1776, it seems not to have been controverted and the cases, I may say', are numberless, and the pro-
Sperty immense which have been determined on the conclusiveness of such evidence, in~many 8f which cases, the forms in which they came before.the courts in Westminster-Hall were such as to have enabled the.parties, if any doubt had been entertained, to have brought the question before a higher tribunal." Lawrence, j. also speaking of the legal effect of a foreign sentence upon this point, says, " as to which, after the continued practice which has taken place from the earliestperiod, in which, in actions on policies of insurance, questions haive arisen on warranties, to admit such sentences in evidence, not only as conclusive in ren, but also as concusive of the several matters they purport to decide directly, - apprehend it is now too late to examine the practite of admitting them to the extent to which theyhave been received, supposing that practice imight, upon the argument, have appeared to have been doubtful at
first." Rooe, J. Lord Elon, and Lord 4lvanley, all concur in giving the same testimony, that the doctrine under consideration had been established for a long period of years, by a long series of adjudications in the courts of Westminster-Hall.

·1 cite this case for no other purpose but to prove by the most respectable testimony, that the case of Hughes v. Cornelius, decided in the reign of Car. 11. had, by
a uniform course of decisions from that time, been con-
sidered as warranting the rule now so firmly established in England. And when the inquiry is, whether th6 ap.
plication of the principle laiddown in that case to questions arising on warranties in actions on policies, be of ancient or modern date, I think I may safely rely upon the declarations of the English judges, when they con-
cur in the evidefncd they give respecting the fact. It is true that no case was cited at the bar recognizing the application of the rule to questions between the insurer and insured, prior to the revolution, except that of Fernandez v. Da Costa, which I admit was a Nisi Prius decision. But were I convinced that the long series of decisions upon this point, from the time of Hughes v. Cornelius, spoken of by the judges in the ease of Lo-
thian v. Henderson, had been made at .isi Prius, it

FEBRUARy, 180.

441

would not, in my mind, weAken the,authority of the 'doctrine. It would prove the sense of all the judges of England, as wq4l as of the bar, of the correctness
and lekal validity of the rule. It is not to he supposed that if a doubt had existedrespecting the law of those
decisions, the point would not have been reserved for a more deliberate examination, before some of the courts of Westminster-,Hall. But the case of Fernandez v.
Da Costa receives additional weight, when it is iecolJected that thejudge who decided itwas Lord Afansfield, and when upon examining it, we find no intimation from him that there was- any novelty at that day in the doctrine. To this strong evidence of the antiquity of the rule, may be added that of Judge Butler, who, at the
time he wrote his .Nisi Prius, considered it as thenes-
tablished.

Cnounso::

That the doctrine was considered ns perfectly fixed in the year 1781, is plainly to be inferred, from the case of Bernardi v. ilotteux, decided in that. year. Lord Mansfield speaks of it as he would of any other
well established principle of law, declaring in .general terms, that the-sentence, as to that which is within it, is conclusive against all pers 6 ns, and cannot be collaterally controverted in any'other suit. The only difficulty in ·that case was, to discover the real ground upon which
the foreign sentence proceeded, and the court iff that and many subsequent cases laid dowh certain principles auxiliary to the rule, for the purpose of ascertaining the real import of the sentence in relation to the fact
decided as between the insurer and insured. For if the sentence did not proceed upon the ground of' the property not being ne4tral, it of course concluded nothing against the insured ; since upon no other ground ould the seitence be said to falsify the warranty.

It Was admitted by the counsil for the insured,, that, as between him and. the insurer; the sentence is prima facie eviderice of a non-compliance with the warranty.
But if they are right in their arguments as tO the inconclusiveness of the sentene, I would ask for the authority upon which the sentence can be considered as
primafade evidence. . Certainly no case was referred

CiotvsoT
V. LO

SUPREME COURT ,U. S.
to,. anciI have' not met with one to warrantthe position. If we look to general principles applicable to domestic judgment, they are opposed to it. We have seen that the judgment is conclusive between the same parties, upou the same matter coming incidentally in.question. The judgment of a foreign court is equally conclusive, except in the single instance where the party 'claiming the benefit of it applies to the courts in England to enforce it, -in which case only the judgment is primafacie evidence. But it is to be remarked, that in such a case, the judgment is no .more conclusiye as to the right .it establishes, than as to the fact it decides. Now it is admitted that the sentqnce of a foreign court of admiralty is conclusive upon the right to the property in question ; upon what-principle, then, can it be prima Jihcie evidence, if not conclusive, upon the facts directly decided. A domestic judgment is not evenfirimafacie evidence between those not. parties to it, or those claiming under them, and that would clearly be the rule, and for a similar reason as to foreign judgments. If between the same parties, the former is conclusive as to the right and as to the facts decided. This principle, if applied at all to foreign sentences, which it certainly is, i-s either applicable throughout, upon the ground that the parties are the same, or if not so, then by analogy' to the rule applying to domestic judgments, the sentence cannot be evidence at all.

Upon the whole, I am clearly of opinion, that the sentence of the, court of admiralty at Barbadoes, condemning the brig Fame and her cargo as prize, on account of an attempt to break the blockade of M~irtipique, is conclusive evidence in this case against the insured, to falsify his warranty of neutrality,

If the injustice of the belligerent powers, and of their courts, should render this rule oppressive to the
citizens of neutral nations, I can only say with the judges who decided the case of Hughes v. Cornelius,
let the government in its wisdom adopt the proper means to remedy the mischief. I hold the rules of law,
when once firtply established, to be beyond the controul

FEBRUARY, 1808.

443

of those who are merely to pronounce what the law is, and if from axrv circumstance it has become impolitic, in a national point of view, it is for the nation to annul or to modify it. Till this is done, by the competent au-
thority, I consider the rule to be inflexible.*

Caoupsol
Lso.AnD.

THE UNITED STATES v. THE SCHOONER TurUNuTED

BETSEY AND CHARLO TI'E, AND

Sv.Virs

HER CARGO.

BrTscv, &a

THIS was an appeal from the sentence of the circuit All seizures

court of the district of Columbia, reversing that of the impd ai*

district court, which condemned the schooner Betsey gationortradle

and Charlotte, and her cargo, as forfeited, for a viola- of the United

tion of the act of congress of the 28th of February, States, wbere

1806, entitled, " An act to suspend the commercial in- the seizurds Sare made on

tercourse between the United States and certain parts -waters navi-

of the island of St. Domingo." Laws U. . vol. 8. gablefromthe

. 1I.

sea by vessels

of ten or more tons burthen,

The libel being filed, and the monition. returned ex- are civil cau.

ecuted, the claimant appeared, and having givenfide- r3aclaty oafndadmmal--

jussory caution, to respond the costs, offered a plea ritime juris. admitting all the facts charged in'tli libel, expepting dlicti6n. anl the voluntary carrying of the vessel into the port of are to be tried

Cape Franfois, the prohibited 'port mentioned in the 'ith"ut ajury.

libdewhich he denied; and" thereofput himself on the' ther te hn-

country." But ti district judge rejected the plea, and svwer of the

ordered the claimant to answer. on oath: whereupon claimant to

the claimant offered the same denial on oath, by wa) of the libel,

t

ought not-al

answer ; to the receiving of which the attorneyfor the ways to be

United States objected, unless the claimant would make upon oath if

-ath to answer truly all interrogatories which might be required; and whether heis

nnt bound to

submit to an-

Judges Chase and Livingrton dissented ; and Judge Todd, not swer .interr-

having been present at the argument, gave no opinion. So tfhat gatores upon

this judgment is reversed by the opinions of .Mrarshall,Ch. J. .d-s- oath, riva-e

irf, TWlashingto., and .7ohron,Justice-;.

in open ceouit.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Mo uNTz V.
HO DGSON.
os.

Others are of opinion that a writ of error will lie to that decision of the court, but that this writ of error is not to
thejudgment of the circuit court, but to that of thejustives.

Writ of error quashed.

BLAINE
V.
TurE SIP
CHARLPS
CARTER.

BLAINE ti. THE SHIP CHARLES CARTER,
AND
DONALD AND BURTON AND OTHERS CLAIMANTS.

If'the obli- ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Virgee of a bot- gihia.

tomry bond

sufMer the ship
to make seve. Blaine libelled the ship Charles C6irter, Bell master, ral voyages, owned by M'Cawley, upon two 'bottomry bonds ;. one without as- executed in London by Bell the master, on the 14th of

ierting his

lien, and exe- July, 1796, and payable ten days after the arrival of the

cutions are le- ship in Virginia ; the other.executed on the 27th of Oc-

vied upon the tober, 1796, by M'Cawley the owner, in Virginia where

ship by other he resided-, and payable in thirty days after the arrival

creditors, thepaal

uryds

obligee loses of the ship in Europe. The answer of A.['Cawley adhis lien on mitted the truth of all the allegations of the libel; but a

the. ship. claim was interposed by DonaldandBurton, creditor- of

-11r'1awley, who had on the 30th of November, 1Y97,

obta jied judgment against him, and at whose suit the

marshal on the 30th of December, in the same year,

had seized the ship in execution upon several Writs of

flerifacias, issued on the 7th of the same month, from

the circuit court for the district of Virginia, before the

warrant of arrest had issued from the district court,

upon Blaine's libel. The libel was filed on the 19th of

January, 1798, on Which day also the warrant to arrest

the ship was issued.

It appeared in evidence, that the first bottomry bond was given by the master to Blaine, upon the first roy

FEBRUAR'Y, 1808.

329

age to London, and that the consideration of that bond consisted of money paid to take up a prior bottomry bond and given to one Robertson; and of money paid for seamen's wages, provisions, repairs, and finishing the ship, she having come out from Virginia in a rough unfinished condition, and badly provided with sails and rigging. The money upon this bond was to be paid within ten days after the arrival of the ship in Virginia. She arrived in Virginia on the 28th of September, in
the same year; after which the agent of Blaine called for the discharge of the bond, but on failing to receive the money, did not think it necessary to arrest the vessel. Blaine was a very large creditor of M'Cawley, over and
above the amount of the bottomry bonds, and was authorised to receive the freights of the ship, and to apply
them to his gdneral account current with M'Cawley. The bond of the 27th of October, 1796, was taken in
order to secure advances made by Blaine to MI'Cawley to enable him to finish the -ship before she-sailed on her first voyage in March, 1796, to the time of her sailing,
or at any time afterwards, and to secure Blaine for money paid by him to discharge three executions which had been served upon the ship. Between the date of the first bottomry bond, and the filing of the libel, the ship made two voyages from England to America, and one from
America toEngland, .and the freights were rpeceived by
Blaine. The districtcourt decreed in favour of Blaine for the whole amount of the first bottomrybond, and for
so much of the other as appeared to have been actually advanced for necessaries for the ship; but the circuit
court, on the 6th of December, 1799, reversed the decree, and dismissed the libel with costs. Blaihe appeiled from the decree of the circuitcourt, to this court, but the appeal was at that time dismissed for want of a statement offacts made in the court'below, agreeably
to the 19th section of the judiciary act 'of 1789, c. 20.
After the passing of the act of congress of Id ofMarch, 1q03. vol. 6. p. 315. c. 93. the cause was brought up again by writ of error, and was iow argued upon the evidence contained in the record.

BLAI:2-
T .
CHaRLS CARTER.
-

C. Lee, for'the plaintiff in error.

The hypothecation in Lojndon was a legal lien upon she ship, and no circumstance had occurred to deprive

SUPREME COURT U. S.

BLAXVF
V.
CHARLS CArETIZ.
-ligor:

the libellant of its benefit. Possession of the vessel hypothecated, is never delivered to the obligee of a'bottom-
ry bond; so that no inference of fraud can be drawn from the fact, that the possession remained with the ob-
nor was there any rule of law which required the 6bligee to assert his lien in any given time. This lien was prior to that of the judgment creditors.

As to the bond of 27th of October, 1796, given by the owner in Virginia, it rests upon the same law as the bond of the master. An owner may borroW money, on bottomry, for fitting out his ship for a voyage, and hypo-
thecate the ship therefor.- Cro. yac. 209. Sharpley v. .Furrel, 2 Bl. Conz. 458. A master, if part owner, may take up money on bottomry to the value of his own share, in places where the owners reside. 2 Molloy, & 2. c. 2. Y. 14, and 15. Hence it may be inferred that any other owner may do the like. If the master may hypothecate the ship afortiorimay the owner. Park,410. The executions of Donald and Burton were void, because issued within ten days after dfie judgments, con-
trary to the act of congress. Vol. 1. p. 63. s. 23.

P. B. Key, for the defendants in error, contended,

1. That the bonds were paid off by the receipt of the freights which ought to have been applied to that pur-
pose.

2. That there was no bottomry consideration for the second bond; and

S. That the bonds were fraudulently held up by Blaine, to give a false credit to M'Caivley, while Blane was receiving the whole benefit of the vessel.

1st. With regard to the freights, he contended that, as there was no application at the time of the receipt of
them, a court Quglit to apply them to the discharge of the bottomrv bonds.

2d. That as Blaine was the correspondent of M'Cawley, and his creditor to i large amount, and the consi-

FEBRUARY, 1808.

deration of the bonds being charged in account, BI'Cawley was at all events personally liable for the monies advanced, and therefore these monies did not run the risk of the voyage. That the bottomry bond of 27th October, 1796, was given for monies long before advanced, and to be advanced, and not for necessaries advanced upon the credit of this security on the ship.

BLA;Zz
Tn, YSn"x:P
CUAUI.ES
C.Ra.

Sd. That his suffering the vessel to go sever.l other
voyages aftcr'the bonds became due, was either evidence of fraud, or of a waiver of the lien on the vessel It
was absurd to suppose that he would risk the money -a
second and a third time on the vessel, without a new premium, or an insurance. It is probable that the second bond was intended to cover the vessel during her winter's stay in Virginia.

If the executions were improperly issued, the reatedy was to move to quash them on their return. Perhaps they were yoidable, but they were not void.

March 8.

CHAsE, J.* delivered the opinion of the court.

The libel In this case was filed upon two instruments of writitig purporting to be bottomry.bonds, the one executed by the master in a foreign port, the other by the owner in a port of the state of Virginia, in which state
the libel was filed.

The voyage in the former bond terminated in Virginia, and the vessel has since made two voyages. .The latter instrument was on a voyage which terminated in London, and the vessel has since made a voyage to this c6untry. Upon her return here, and before the warrant of the admiralty was served, the executiois were levied upon her, which form the ground work of the claim interposed by Donald and Burton.

O Marhall, Ch. J. having decided the case in the circuit court, did not give an opinion here. Cushing, J. was absent.

SBA1Nz
Tftz Sirip
CHAALES CARTE-
'question.

332

SUPREME COURT U. S.

The ship has been sold under the order of, the court
below, and the question is, who has the preferable claim to the money now lying in the marshal's hands. On the validity of the bond of the master there can be no
"It is ackn'owledged by counsel to poisess all
the'requisites of a good bottomry bond. But it was contended that it was satisfied by the freights, which it appears Blaine was in the receipt of ; and if not satisfied, was fraudulently upheld to the prejudice of' general creditors. In addition to the objections taken to the first bond, it is further contended against the pecond, that it wanted a sufficient bottomry consideration in part or in the whole. The court think it unnecessary to giv'e a particular consideration to the several objections above stated. A satisfactory conclusion on the rights of the parties may be drawn from other principles, on the nature and effect of the contract of bottomry.

A bottomry bond made by the master vests no abso-
lute -indefeasible interest in the ship on which it is founded, but gives a claim upon her which may be enforced with all the expedidon and efficiency of the admirdty process. This rule is expressly laid down in the bpoks, and will be found consistent with the principle of the civil law, upon which the contract of bottomry is beld to
give a claim upon the ship.. 'In the case of a bottomry bond exe'cuted by an owner in his own place of resi-
dence, the same reason does not exist for giving an implied'admiralty claim upon the bottom, for it is in his
power to.execute an express transfer or mortgage. There is strong reason to contend that' this claim or privilege
shall be lpreferred to every Other for the voyage on which' the bdttomry is founded, except seamen s wages. " But it certitinly can extend no further. Had the warrant of the admiralty been first served iipon the ship, there might be some ground to contend that this court ought notto divest that possession in favour of executions served at a subsequent day, at least to the prejudice of the bond executed by the master. But as
the executions in this case were levied before the service of the warrant, and s'o long after the bonds became due, the owners of the'ship had lost that possession, upon
which alone the warrant of the admiralty could operate. after losing the right of preference.

FEBRUARY, 1808.
Some objections have been made-to the validity of these'executions' on the ground of their having issued previous.to the day on which by law they ought to have issued. On this point the court will give no opinion. If iriegular, the court from which they issued ought to have been moved to iet them aside ; hey were not void, because the marshal could hate justified under them, and if voidable, the proper mieans of destroying their efficacy have not been pursued.
The decree of the circuit court is affirmed, and the money ordered to be paid ovei to the execution creditors.

B LAIi#Z
V.
Tpe Ship CI'AU L S
CATn.ZR.

THE UNITED STATES v. GURNEY AND OTHERS.

TanaU\,TzD
STATZ5
V. Gen%,y AWD
OTIt~nS

THIS case was certified from the circuit court for the district of Pennsylvania, the judges of that court being divided in opinion upon the question, Whether, upon the state of the pleadings, the judgment ought to be rendered for the plaintiffs .
It was an action brought by the United States agaitfst Gurney and others, upon a bond conditioned to comply with a certain written agreement between them and the secre tary of the treasury of the United States, of the same date," to pay the sum of 500,000 guilders at Amsterdam," "in the manner and form, and on or before the particular days and times in the said agreement mentioned ; or in case the said sums shall not be paid as aforesaid, at either of the said places, then to repay tQ the United States the value of ihe said 500,000 guilders, at the rate of exchange. current in Philadelphia at the time demand of payme(nt is made, together with damages at 20 per cent, in the same manner as if bills ofexchange had been dra.wn for the said sum, and they had been ieturned protested

B, in Philadtlphi2, agreed to pay to A's agent
170,000 guil. ders in Am-
sterdamonthe
1st of NL-ch ; and if le
should fail to
to (to, then to repay to A the value of the said guildw at the
rMte of- ixchange current in Phila-
delphia at the
time demand of payment is made, togetier with da-
mages at 20 per cent, in
the same manl-

FEBRUARY, 1808.
V.
SIHEARMAN v. IRVINE'S LESSEE.

. ERROR to the circuit' court for the district of limTithaetionasct ooff Georgia, in an action of ejectment, brought (on the Geoia does

15th of October, 1804,) by Jrvin,'s lessee against Shear- uiot require an

man, for a tract of land in Camden county, in the state entry into

of Georgia.

lands within

7theyeatirtsle afatecr.

The defendant below took a bill of exceptions to the crued, unless refusal of the court, to non suit the plaintiff on the trial, Itahdevreersbaersyome because he had not proved "an entry within seven posssion or

years after the title of the grantees accrued, or any en- title to he detry by either of the heirs or persons claiming under the feated by such grantees. within seven years after their titles respectively entraccrued."

The lessor ofthe plaintiff had produced in evidence two grants from the province of Georgia, in 1766, to Alexander Baillie, under whom he claimed title by descent, and whose heir at law he had proved himself to
be.

There.was no evidence of title, or even of adverse
possession on the part of the defendant, before the bringing of the suit, other than the averment of ouster, in the declaration, which was laid on the 10th of Sep.tember, 1804 ; nor any evidence of tide out of the lesso'r -ofthe plaintiff.

In support of his motion for a nonsuit, the defendant .relied on the act of limitations of Georgia, passed in ihe year 1767, by which itis enacted " That all writs of
formedon in descender, remainder, and reverter of any lands, &c.. or any other writ, suit or action, whatsoever hereafter to be sued or brought by occasion, or means of any title heretofore accrued, happened, or fallen, or
which may hereafter descend, happen, or fall, shall be sued or taken within seven years next after the passing -of this act, or after the titl" and cause of action shall'or

VoL IV.

.3A

S-0FA RHAT.
V.
LESSFE, '--.any

SUPREME COURT U. S.
may descend or accrue tothe same, and at no time after the said seven years. And that no persbn or persona that now hath, or have any right or title of entry into
lands, &c, shall at any time hereafter make any entry, but within seven years next after the passing of this act, or after his or their right or title, shall or may descendor accrue to the same, and in default thereof, such person so not entering, and their heirs, shall be utterly excluded and disabled from such enitry after to be made."

The verdict and judgment below, being -gainst the defendant, he sued out his writ of error.
There being no appearance in-this court for the plain; tiff in error,
P. B. Ksey, for the defendant in error, opened the record, and prayed an affirmance of the judgment;
1. Because from the facts disclosed, after the descent had been cast nearly thirty years, and no adverse possessior at any time proved, the jury had a right to/ire&umeandfind an actual entry within seven years; if such actual entry was necessary.
2. Because, in this case, on the facts disclosed, -no entry was necessary. Two things only'must concur to complete a title. Possession, and the right ofpropertu. The right of property is proved to be in 'the plaintiff as heir of the patentee ; and possession by operation of law, accompanies the title, unless the contrary is shewn; and until it is shewn.
If possession is!taken by a wrong-doer, and~severed from the title (of, Which there is no evidence in this case) then such naked possession, so acquired, may be defeated, either by entrq of the owner, which is an act in.pais, revesting the possession; and again 'uniting it with the right; or by ejectmnent, which is an act of law, to recover the possession with damages, &'.
If a %irong-doer,after faking possession, dies in possession, and a descent is cast, this, under some circum-

13EBRUARY, 188.

369

stances., changes the title to a right of entry, or rather makes an actual entry necessary to give effect to the tide. There are many'cases in which actual entry is necessary to reunite the title with the possession, and for these cases the law of Georgia was made. But it cannot apply to a case where the title and the possessiwi
.have not been separated.

SUIaVg.nt4.
V.
Lns bz. %.uy-awd

That law requires two things:

1st." When the right is changed to a mere right of er try, or where 'an entry is indispensable to complee the title, then such entry must be within seven years from the accruing of such right of entry., oBut this does trot apply'to the case on the record. No disseisin, discontinuance, descent, or advefse possession existed, to
make an actual eptry necessary on the part of the plaintiff., The title and the possession were both in him. "

d. The statute gives remedy by ejectment within seven years after the cause of action acirued. In this case no cause of action accrued till the 10th of Septeniber, 1804, when the plaintiff's possession was disturbed. So long as it remained undisturbed he could nor bring
suit.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. The errgr alleged, is founded ofn a construction of the act of Georgia, which this court
thinks is totally, inadmissible. How such an opinion could have been entertained is unaccountable. There
is no foundation for it. '

Judgment affirmed with costs.

I!EBRIUARY, 1809.

HIGGINSON v. MEIN.

HI[GGI2NS01
V
Dirt,-

THIS was an. appeal from .a decree 6f the circuit The act of

court for the district of Georgia, which dismissed the Georgia con.

fiscating the

eamplainant's bill brought to foreclos, a mortgage.

estate of the

mortgagor, iW

The facts,.as stated by Milarshall, Ch. J. in deliver- no bar to the

ing the opinion of the court, were as follows:

claim of the

mortgagee, a

British mer-

In November, 1769, Alexander Wylly, then residing chant, vhose

in Georgia, executed his bond to Greenwood and Hig-. debt was only

ginson, merchgamnstos, omf ecLLhooantnosdnfoonr , for thhee s'mum oof52,1108811..duerqinuegterticlel

4s. sterling, conditioned to pay 1,0541. 2s. like money, war. The on or before the 1st of January, 1773 ; and also executed estate of the a deed of mortage, (which was admitted to record in the monolyrtgwaagso, rconsecretary's office) to secure the payment of the bond. fincated, not

Alexander Wylly took part with the British in the war that of the of our revolution, in consequence of which his estate mortagee.

was confiscated, and 'commissioners were appointed to limitations of

take possession of it and t6 sell it. In 1784,- the Imort- Georgia doea

gaged premises were sold and conveyed by the com- not apply to

missioners to certain persons in Savannah-, 'who sold and rT0htegagpeoesle.s. conveyed them to James -Houston, who retained peace- sion of the

able possession of them until his death. In 196 these mortgagor is lands were sold under execution by the marshal, to sa. not adverse. tisfy a judgment obtained against James Mossman, as thQeruerae, v.iphree--

executor of James Houston. The purchaser at the sumption of

marshal's sale had notice of the mortgage deed to Green. payment - of

wood and Hinson

the debt des

ggi .

notarise from

the circum.

This suit is brought against the agent of the pur- stances of this

chaser, [to whom notice, was given, and to wihom the case . purchaser has since conveyed his right,] in -order to

obtain payment of the debt due'from Wylly, and to

foreclose all equity of redemption in the mortgaged

premises. The bill was filed on the 4th of November,

1802.

Vol. IV.

H1xo1.cso.V
V.
Mt n.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
P. -B. Key,. for the appellant.
The treaty of peace of 1783 removed all legal impediments to the recovery of debts. By the fourth article," It is agreed that creditors on either side shall meet with no lawful impediment to the recovery of the full value in sterling money, of all bonafide debts heretofore contracted." And by the 5th article, " It is agreed that all persons who have any interest in confiscated lands, either by debts, marriage settlements, or otherwise, shall rheet with no lawful impediment in the prosecution of their just rights." At the time of the treaty, this land was not sold, but holden by the state under the confiscation act. After the treaty, the state held it subject to the moitgage, and could sell only such right as it had. It cQuld at most sell Wylly's right of redemption.
Harper, contra.
The estate both of the mortgagor and mortgagees ia this la id was confiscated, and vested in the state of Georgia. If the.treaty is to set up the title, no estate of a British subject indebted to a British subject could ever be confiscated; for the land may be the only fund out of which the creditor can get payment.
The impediments intended to be removed by the treaty were only legal impediments, not every thing which went to impairthe security; not that which merely ren,dered the debtor less able to-pay. Confiscations were not included under the expression legal impediments, because there is a separate provision for the case of confiscations. If confiscations were meant to be included in the expression, it might as well be extended to any general acts of the legislature by which the debtor's means of payment maybe diminished. This being .a particular lien, does not differ the case from that of a general lien. Everyjudgment-creditor had alien upon all the lands of his debtor, and if all these liens are saved by the treaty, there were very few confiscations which it would not annul.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

I The fifth article of the treaty extends no furtherthan HzrrzN.so:,

the fourth.

W

MARSHALL, Ch. J. The decisions of. this court have
been uniform, that the' aqts of the states, confiscating
debts, are repealed by the treaty; and if, in this cage, the debt remains, does not the security remain also ? Is not the remedy as much protected by the treaty, as the debt itself?

Harper. We contend not.

The lapse of SO years induces a presumption that the bond is satisfied. We do not rely upon the statute of
limitations, but the general presumption. In England, it is decided that the presumption arises by the lapse of? 20 years without a demand or payment of interest.

MARSHALL, Ch.J. The period of 20 years is fixed upon in case -f a bond, because in that time the interest at five per cent equals the principal; and rio further interest is coveied by the penalty of the bond.
Harper. That is not the reason stated in the English books.

But the reason is, that a man is presumed to depend upon the interest of his money as a revenue.
The fact of the plaintiff's being beyond seas does not remove the presumption, because both parties were equally beyond seas, and probably both within oneju, risdiction.

P. B. Key, in reply.

The fifth article of the treaiy expressly provides for the case.- How can a man have an interest, by debt, in
'cofifiscated lands, unless it be by mortgagei or other lien., The practice- in Maryland has always been to prot'ect such liens.

LIVINGSTON, J. -I have never heard that confiscated property has been restored by force of the treaty. The

SUPREME COUI T U. S.
.1{cuX-soN treaty only provides that congress shall recommend such V. restitution.
Key. Debts due to British subjects ware not confiscated by the act of Georgia. They were only sequestered.
1farch 14.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. after stating the facts of 'the case,
delivered the opinion of the court as follows:
It is contended on the part of the purchaser,
1st. That the lands are exonerated from the mortgage by the confiscation and sale thereof made, by the state of Georgia.
2d. That they are exonerated by the length of time which has intervened since that confiscation and sale, during v&hich an adverse possession has been held.
ad. That payment of the mortgage is to be presumed.
Several acts of confiscation, were passed during the war by the state of Georgia, in which the name of Alexander Wylly is to be found. That tinder which the defendants in this case claim,-was made in the month of May, in the year i782. That act contains also a clause confiscating generally the estates of British subjects, with the exception of debts due to merchants residing in Great Britain, which were sequestered. The debt due to Greenwood and Higginson came within this exception, and the majority of'the court is of opinion, that the lien given by thd mortgage on the land of Wylly, for the security of that debt, was not confiscated.
The estate of Wylly, not the interest of GreenwooiI and Higginspn in-that estate, being confiscated, it is not to be inferrecit that the lien of Greenwood and Higginson on that estate was discharged. The treaty of peace

FEBRUARY, 1808.

was made while the estate remained unsold. The fifth article of the treaty, after discovering much solicitude
on the part of Great Britain for the entire restoration of
confiscated estates, concludes with this clause : " And it is agreed, tha all persons who have any interest in confiscated lands, either by debts, marriage settlements, or otherwise, shall meet with no lawfud impediment in the prosecution of-their just rights."

Hxconzsozz ,.Ma

This article applies to those cases where an actual confiscation has taken place, and stipulates expressly., that in suci -cases the interest of all persons having a lien upon such lands shall be preserved. Neither the confiscation, nor any act in consequence of the confis-
cation, can constitute a legal impediment to the prosecution of their just rights. The preceding part of the article had contemplated sales of the confiscated property, and consequently this clause must have been intended to -charge the lands, even in the hands of a purchaser. But respecting its application to this particular
case, the court cannot conceive a doubt. 'I he lands, at the time of the treaty, remained unsold, and the government, claiming them as confiscated, stipulates through the proper constituted authorities for their liability to this mortgage. If, then, the act of confiscation, independent of the treaty, would be construed to destroy the claim of the mortgagee, the treaty, reinstates the lien in its full force, and the subsequent sale of the property could only pass it with the burden imposed
upon it.

2d. Is this remedy barred by the act of limitations ?

Upof an attentive consideration of that act, it appears to be intended for suits at law, claiming the lands themselves, not to suits in equity for the purpose of
subjecting the lands to the payment of debts for which they are mortgaged. The words of the law would lead to that opinion, 'and it is confirmed by the considera-
tion that, in such cases, the possession of the mortgagor, or those claiming under him, is not adverse to, but is compatible with, the rights of the morgagee.
Unless, therefore, this statute hap been otherwise con-

SUPREME COURT t. S.

HrocINsoN V .
MEIN,.

strued in Georgia, it would not be considered as hpplicable to such a case as this. But this point must be decided in favour of the plaintiffs, because there is a saving in the act of the rights of persons beyond sea.

3d. Is p-yment in this case to be presumed ?

The length of time which elapsed between the day
when this bond and mortgage became payable, and that on which the suit was instituted is certainly sufficient tQ
warrant a presumption of payment. But this presumption may be met by circumstances which account for the delay in bringing this suit. In this case, the war, and those events which succeeded the war, have not the
same. influence as in ordinary cases of British debts, because the debtor was within the reach of his creditor
from the date of his banishment in the year 1778, and
might have been sued. It does not sfficiently appear in the proceedings where he was, nor what was his .situation, to enable the court to judge whether the long
delay in bringing this suit is or is not sufficiently ac-
counted for. Neither is it shown satisfactorily that
Alexander Wylly "has left no personal representative who might show payment of this debt. If there be i
personal representative of Alexander Wylly in, existence, such person ought to be a party to this, suit; if
there be no personal representative, -some evidence that there is none ought to be adduced. In any event, un& der all the circumstances of this case, enough does not appear to enable the court to decide whether payment
ought to be presumed, or whether the delay in ins.tituting this.suit can be accounted for, and the court is
therefore of opinion that an issue ought to have been directed bv the circuit court, for the purpose of asgertaining the fact of payment. The decree bf the circuit court is therefore to be reversed, and the'cause remanded to that court, with instructions to direct an issue to determine whether the bond in the bill menti6ned has been paid, and with liberty to the plaintiff to
amnd.his- bill, and make new parties, if he shall de-
sire it.

LIVINGSTON, J. dissented from this opinion, but did. not state his reasons.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

443

of those who are merely to pronounce what the law is, and if from axrv circumstance it has become impolitic, in a national point of view, it is for the nation to annul or to modify it. Till this is done, by the competent au-
thority, I consider the rule to be inflexible.*

Caoupsol
Lso.AnD.

THE UNITED STATES v. THE SCHOONER TurUNuTED

BETSEY AND CHARLO TI'E, AND

Sv.Virs

HER CARGO.

BrTscv, &a

THIS was an appeal from the sentence of the circuit All seizures

court of the district of Columbia, reversing that of the impd ai*

district court, which condemned the schooner Betsey gationortradle

and Charlotte, and her cargo, as forfeited, for a viola- of the United

tion of the act of congress of the 28th of February, States, wbere

1806, entitled, " An act to suspend the commercial in- the seizurds Sare made on

tercourse between the United States and certain parts -waters navi-

of the island of St. Domingo." Laws U. . vol. 8. gablefromthe

. 1I.

sea by vessels

of ten or more tons burthen,

The libel being filed, and the monition. returned ex- are civil cau.

ecuted, the claimant appeared, and having givenfide- r3aclaty oafndadmmal--

jussory caution, to respond the costs, offered a plea ritime juris. admitting all the facts charged in'tli libel, expepting dlicti6n. anl the voluntary carrying of the vessel into the port of are to be tried

Cape Franfois, the prohibited 'port mentioned in the 'ith"ut ajury.

libdewhich he denied; and" thereofput himself on the' ther te hn-

country." But ti district judge rejected the plea, and svwer of the

ordered the claimant to answer. on oath: whereupon claimant to

the claimant offered the same denial on oath, by wa) of the libel,

t

ought not-al

answer ; to the receiving of which the attorneyfor the ways to be

United States objected, unless the claimant would make upon oath if

-ath to answer truly all interrogatories which might be required; and whether heis

nnt bound to

submit to an-

Judges Chase and Livingrton dissented ; and Judge Todd, not swer .interr-

having been present at the argument, gave no opinion. So tfhat gatores upon

this judgment is reversed by the opinions of .Mrarshall,Ch. J. .d-s- oath, riva-e

irf, TWlashingto., and .7ohron,Justice-;.

in open ceouit.

SUPREME COURT V. S.

TuIEUNZTED put to him relative to the cause; but the judge overSTATFs ruled the objection, and received the answer, saying

V.
BnTsE-V, &,..that the, United States might except to the answer, in

-

the same manner as to an answer in chancery; or,

WVhctheion
the trial of a vessel for vio-. lation of the law. prohibiting Intercourse with certain ports in St. Domingo, evidence be admissible that other yesads belong: ing to the same owner, wsaemree aptrothhie.

might reply, setting forth new facts not inconsistent with the libel, and put interrogatories thereupon, as upon the allegations in a bill in chancery, which, if proper and pertinent, must be answered ; as was done
in the case of Zaleu v. Shattuch, (ante, vol. 3. P. 458.)
The attorney for the United States filed a replication, and propounded interrogatories, which he prayed might be answered by the claimant viva voce, itr open court. To this the claimant objected, but 'the judge ovqrruled the objection.
The Betsey'and Charlotte sailed from Alexandria in

bited port a the

September,

1806,

with

a

clearance

for St.

Yqgo

de

sametime: Cuba.

astsanacecirtceunmd-ing to clscre-

Upon the trial, the attorney for the United States

lit the evi. produced and ofted evidence, that during the months dence of dis- of Augusi and September in the same year, two other tress set up vessels, owned in whole or in part by the claimant,

as an excuse

for going to sailed from Alexandria, with clearances for St. Yago

.such prohibit- de Cuba, and, as well .as the.',Bsey and Charlotte, ar-

-dport.

rived at Cape FranFo3. To this evidence the claimant

objected, but the judge overruled the objection, and heard the evidence.

From the sentence of condemniation by the district judge, the claimant appealed to the circuit court, and
new evidence being admitted, the sentence was reversed
and restoration awarded. From this sentence, the United States appealed to this court, where witnesses were examined viva voce, both on the part 9 f the Ulnited States and on that of the claimant.

C. Lee, for the claimant, stated that he should contend,

1. That the proceedings ought to have been according to the course of the common laii, and the facos ought to have been tried by a jury.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

2. That the judge ought not to have compelled the Tu -Urx:r

claimant to,answer upon oath; and,

S.- rs

V.

11rTSLY, &C. 3. That the vessel oughtto be acquitted uponthe facts '.--,-

of the case.

Yones, for th' United States, was stopped by the court, who expressed a wish to hear the other side. He wished, however, to be heard, upon the question of
pitting the claimant to answer upon .oatb, and was in-
dulged.

He observed that this was not a proceeding in per-
sonam, but in rem. The United States did not bring in the claimant by process, and compel him to answer upon oatn, as is done in chancery cases; but the claimant comes in voluntarily to support his interest, and submits to the jurisdiction of the court. He ought to come with cleau hands and a-pure heart. If this be a case of admiralty jurisdiction, the proceedings must be according to the course of the civil law, where the practice universally has been to try cases without a jury. Wood' Inst. Civ. Law, 133. 2 Browne's Civ. .1ia6, 248, 249. 413. 415, 416. 1 Brownc, 472. 474. 11fuley v. Shttuck, (ante, vol. 3. p. 458.) 1 Domat. 460. s. 4. Such also was the understanding of the legislature, when they established a fee for the drawing of the -interrogatories. Laws U. S. vol. 2. p. 222.

The exception in the English statutes applies only to
the ecclesiasticaf :ourts, and to those.interrogatories, the answers to which might subject the party to ecch.i. astical censures.

But the act of congress upon which this libel is, founded does not make it criminal in the person to trade to St. Domingo. It only subjects'to forfeiture the property, and renders the party liable upon his bond.

Toungs, contra.

There can be no case of-admiralty jurisdiction; un-
less it be a case under the law of nations. Cases of revenue or of municipal seizure a.re not cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction.

446 .

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TZUXUNzTZD "The 9th dictian off the judiciary act, (vol. 1. .,.) STATfZS mereV geives to the district court jurisdictionmof caries of

BnT.sey, &c. seizure" but does not make them cases of admiralty.

,'--

Afid in all cases at common law, th'e irial by j(Lry is

guaiantied by the constituticln of the United States.

The act under which this prosecution is commence d,

does not direct the form of. trial.

£he disetict court, as a court of admitalty, is a court of limited jurisdiction ; and in this case, the libel does not state that the seizure was made on waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels 'of ten or more tons burthen. The fact is not alleged which alone tould make it a case of admiraltyjurisdiction.
In England, a seizure for violation of the navigation act is tried by information in the'court of'exchequer, According to the course Pf the common law.

It is contiary to the principles of the common law to make a man criminate himself.
MARSHALL, tn. j. sia the court wished to hear the counsel for the United States*on the question of fact. -

zones. It is to be understood, then, that the coutt is satisfied as to the questions-of "law?
MARlSHALL, Ch. J. No attempt has been made to distinguish this case from those of The Pen'eance, 3 Dallas, '297. and -The Sally, (ant&, vol..2, 2p. 406.) 'hose cases have settled the law, and unless this cnse can he distinguished from those, the court does not think an argument necessary.#
C. Lee. I .hope to show thqt thisr case is distijnguishablo-from those ; an4 to- be permitted to argua at large the point of' law, that this is not a case of admiralty jurlsdictidn. I 'rgued the vase of the Vengeance, and I know it was'not so fully argued as'it might have been ; and some of the judges may recollect that it was tather a sudden decision
CHASE, I[. I recollect that the argument was no greqt thing, but the aourt took time nd consideredthe cse well. The reason of tie legislature tbr putting seiztires of this kind on the admiralty side of the court was the great danger to the revcnte it such cases should be left to the caprice of jtbries

FEARUARY, 1808.

447

Yonese.- It is objected that it does not appear upon the face of the libel that the -seizure was made upon waters navigable from the sea by vessels of ten abd more tons burthen. But it is stated in the libel that the yessel was more than ten tons burthen," that the seizure was made in the port of Alexandria, and that the vessel had sailed from that port to the West-Indies, and back
to Alexandria, fioin whence it necessarily follows, that the waters of the port of Alekandria are navigable from
the sea by vessels of ten and more tons burthen. Besides, this court is bound to take notice of the ports of entry for foreign vessels established by law; and the port of Alexandria is one of those ports.

Taz UIITED

" .

B

c.v

\.y'%./

In the case of The Vengeance, the court officially took notice that the bay of Sandy-Hook contained wa-
ters navigable, &c.

If the jurisdiction appears by necessary inference from what is stated, it is sufficient.

C. Lee, contra.

By the 3d article of the constitution of the United

-States, the judicial power of the United States is ex-

tended " to all caseiof admiraltyandraaritimdjuridic-

tion." Congress could not make cases of admiralty

and maritimejurisdiction ; and under that clause of the

constitution they could not give their cdurts jurisdiction

of a case which was not of admiralty and maritime ju-

risdiction at the time of the adoption of that constitur

tion. The question, then, is, whether, according to

the understanding 6f the people of this country at that

time, a seizure ef a vessel, within the body of a coun-

ty, for breach of a municipal law of trades was a case

of admiralty cognizance. It certainly was never so

considered in England, from whence/we draw all our

ideas of admiralty jurisdiction. All seizures in that

country for violation of the laws of revenue, trade, or

navigation are tried by a jury in the court of exchequer

according to the course of the common law. There is

nothing in the course of proceedings in ren which re-

quires that they should be in a court of admiralty. A

V1. [V.

3 T.

SUPREME COURT. U. S..
THEU$rr1D court of common law is as competent to the trial of such S f-ATES cases as a c6urt, of admiralty. The high court of ad-
BETSA-, V. &C. miralty in England exercises no original jurisdiction in revenue cases. It hears only appeals in such cases from the vice-admiralty courts in the oolonies, to whom the jurisdiction is give6 by an act of parliament. 2 Browne, ivil Law, 492. 2 Rob. 189, The Sarah. 4 Inst. 13W. 139. 2Browne, 75. 78. 3 B1. Comm. 106. Parker, 2S. 273.
Nor were such cases ever supposed by the people of this country to be rightfully classed among causes of admiralty. It was'one of our serious grievances, and of which we complained against Great Britain in our remonstranecs to the King, and in our addresses to the people of Great Britain,' while we were colonies, that the jurisdiction of the courts of vice-admiralty was extended to cases of revenue. Yournals of the old Cohgress, vol. 1. p. 47. Such being the understanding of .the people of this country at theoad6ption of the constitution, we are to presume that the words " cases of admiralty andmaritimejurisdiction,"did not include cases of seizure like the present. The 9th section of the judiciary act (vol. 1. p. 53.) is to be construed with a reference to the meaning of tlfose expressions in the constitution ; and if it cannot, consistently with the'force of its terms, be reconciled with the constituti6n, it must yield to the superior obligation of that instrument. The words of that se'ction .of the act, as far as they affect the present question, are, " and shall also have exclusive original cognizance of all civil 'causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, including all sei;zures underlaws of impost, navigation, or trade, of the United States, where the seizures are'made on waters which are navigable from the sea by. vessels of ten or more tons burthen, within their respective districts as well as upon the high seas : saving to suiters, in all cases, the right of a cominon law remedy, where the common law is competent to give it * and shall also have exclusive original cognizance of all seizures on land, or other waters than as aforesaid, made, arid of all suits for penalties and forfeitures incurred under the laws of the Unitec'States." " And the trial of issues in fact in the

FEBRUARY, 1808.

449

district courts, in all causes, except civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, shall be by jury."
The ,word "including,!' means onjy, moreover, or, au well as.

TnaUU.TrD
STATES V.
BEPTSE'Y, &C

The district court shall have exclusive original cog-
nizance of all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, including, within its exclusive original
cognizance, all seizures, &c. It does not mean inclt-
ding within the expression " all civil causes of admiralty,". &c. If such cases of seizure were civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, there was no ne-
cessity to enumerate them, because the expression, all civil causes of admiralty, &c. cirtainly iticluded them. If they were not civil causes of admiralty and maritime
jurisdictioi, congress could not make them such, nor by forcing them into that class, deprive the citizen of his right to a trial by jury. Congress had no such intention, -for inthe very same breath they say, "saving to suiters, in all cases, the right of a common law re-
medy, where the common law is competent to give it." We have seen that in all cases of seizure for breaches
of the lawi of revenue, trade or navigation, the common law is competent to give a remedy; and consequently this suiter is entitled to it.

T~e several acts 6f congress creating forfeitures for breaches of the laws of revenue, &c. all seem to refer to the"exchequer practice, rather than to that of the admiralty.

In the act for registering vessels, passed the 31st of -December, 1792, (Oswald's edition of the Acts of Con-
gress, vol. 2. p. 134. 144. sect. 4. and 16.) if the own-
er shall take a false oath, " there shall be a forfeiture of
the vessel, &c. or of the value thereof, to'be recovered with costs of suit," of the person taking the false oath. So in case of the sale of a vessel to a foreigner it shall
be forfeited in a certain case, "provided that if it shall
be made appear to the jury before whom the trial for such forfeiture shall be had, that," &c. and the penalties and forfeitures, under that act were' to "be sued for, prssecuted and recovered," in such courts. &c

450

SUPREME COURT U. S.

T n UN TED as penalties and torfeiturcs under the act for the collec. STAVT.ES tion of duties, &c. - Hence it is evident that congress
3ETsEY, &C. intended that all cases of forfeiture should be tried by jury. The expressions in the act respecting regis-
tering of vessels, explain what may otherwise appear doubtful in the act concerning the collection of duties, as to the mode of prosecution.

So in the act suspending intercourse with France, vol. 1. p. 245. offending vessels are made liable to be seized, " and may be prosecuted and condemnid in any circuit or district court of'the United States, which shall be holden within or for the'district where the seizure shall be made."

But by the judiciary act no circuit court could take original cognizance of civil causes of admiralty and
maritime jurisdiction; hence it is obvious that congress did not consider such seizures as civil causes of admiraltv, &c. The forfeiture also is to accrue to any person"" who will inform and prosecute for the same," which shows that the proceedings were to be at common law.

All the forfeitures under the act for the collection 9f
duties, are to be recovered in the same way. Some of them being cases of seizure on land, must be tried by
jury, therefore all must. And in sect. 71. (vol. 4. p. 391.) it is said, " in actions, suits or informations'to. be brought, where any seizure shall be made 'pursuant to this act, if the property be claimed by any person, in
every such case the onus probandi shall be upon such claimant." These expressions all indicate proceedings at common law only.

The 89th sect. in p. 427. spedking of the recovery
of penalties, clearly refers to silits at commoi law; and when speaking of forfeitufes, it says, "and all ships, goods, &c. which shall becomhe forfeited in virtue of this act, shall be seized, libelled and proseculed as aforesaid;" referring to the mode of prosecution pointed out for the recovery of penalties. Here if the word " libelled" had not been used there could be no doubt. But the expression '4 libelled" relates as well to

RFEBRUARY, 180S.
seizureson land, as to seizures on water; but seizures TurU.".FTD on land must be tried by jury according to the course STAVr. of the common law. The word libel therefore does not BETSEY, Et. refer exclusively to admiralty proceedings.
The Excise Law, vol. 1. p. 313. makes no distinction between ieizures made at land, and those made on water.
By the 5th amendment to the constitution, no person shall be deprived of property, without due process of law; which means by due process of the comzon law.
By the 7th amendment, in suits at common law the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, i. e. continued as it then was. At that time all municipal seizures were triable at common law.
,The act prohibiting the intercourse with bt. Domingo differs from that under which the Vengeance was prosecuted.
There the mode of prosecution was declared to be the same as for penalties and forfeitures under the act for collecting duties ; but here no mode of prosecution is prescribed.
The act creates two offences.
.1. Sailing to St. Domingo without being destined for that island.
2. Being destined and sailing for a prohibited port without arriving there. The offence of destination is an offence on land and to be tried by the course of the common law. Hence also it may be inferred that the other offence is to be tried in the same manner. No difference is made by the statute.
The act requires bonds to be given which are forfeited if the*offence has been committed. Suits at common law upon these bonds are now pending. If these had been tried first .he facts must have been decided by a

SUPREME COURT U. S.

a1U~uvry SrArrs
B V

jury, and by the 7th amendment of the constitution, " no fact tried by a jury, shall he otherwise ie-examin. ed in any court of the United States than according to
Sthe rules of the common law." The consequence would have been that this case,. involving the same fact, be-
tween the same parties, could not have been otherwise tried than by a jury. It could not have been the intention of congress that in one case the same fact should be decided by the judge, and in the other IRy a jury.

The case of the Sally was decided upon the authority of that of the.Vengeance, without argument; and is
therefore of no authority.

Rodney, -Attorney-General, in reply, was stopped by the court as to the lay of the case.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. The court considers the law as completely settled by the case of the Vengeance. A distinction has been attempted to be drawn between this case and that, but the court cqn see no difference.
It is the place of seizure, and not the place of committing the offence, which decides the jurisdiction.

It has been said the word " including" ;means More-
over, or as well as ; but if this was the meaning of the. legislature it was a very embarrassing mode of express-
ing the idea. It is clear that congress meant to discriminate between seizures on waters navigable from the sea, and seizures upon land or upon waters not navigable ; and to class the former among the civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction.

The only doubt which could arise would be upon the clause of the constitution respecting the trial by jury. But the case of the Vengeance settles that point.

The sentence of the circuit court was reversed, and that of the diitrict court affirmed.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

that the judgment of the circuit court must, on that account, be reversed, and the cause remanded for a new
Judgment reversed.

POLLAtD P1OZ"TT DWIGHT
ET AL

EX PARTE LEWIS AND OTHERS.

Ex ARTz-
TL.%VIs A.ID OTU~nS.

IN the circuit court for the district of Pennsylvqnia, at November term, 1806, a motion was made by Rawle, in behalf of Leivis and others, (the jurors in civil cases who had .attended the court at that session;) that the marshal be ordered to pay each of the jurors one dollar and twenty-five cents for each day's attendance;
But the judges of that court being divided in opinion upon the question, it was certified to this court.

The jurors in cavil cases, attnding tho ciUicuit of the uiated States
for the Pennsylvania district, are entitled to one d,,Uar and 2
cents each for each day a at-

This Court ordered it to be certified, that the jurors tmndafce. were entitled to the fee of one dollar and twenty-five cents per diem for their attendance.

' After the opinion of the cqurt was delivered, Lee prayed that the cause might be remanded, vith leavefor the dt rndane below to ampad theirpleadings
The Court said, that the court below had the power to grant leave to amend, and this court could not doihbt but it wuuld do what was right, in that respect.

FEBRUARY, 18os.
instruction which the court in -Kentucky ought to have given.
The opinion of the court was only that a parol gift to the defendant, accompanied by possession, did not bar the plaintiff's right to recover.
This court gives no opinion as to the title acquired by the possession.
Judgment affirmed.

RAISA. V.

STEAD'S EXECUTORS v. COURSE.

Ex~cutions

C6unsc.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Georgia, as a court of equity.
Stead's executors brought their bill in equity against Elizabeth Course, the widow, z. d Caroline Course, the infant daughterof DanielCourse,jdeceasedt,o set aside, as fraudulent, a deed of land mad6 by Courvoisie,a collector

A collector, sie,rlling tallnesd, must act in
consformity
with the law hiosfopowwehricihq derived, and

of taxes for Chatham county, to Daniel Course, and to the purchaser

charge the land for payment of a debt due from the late is bound ,o

firm of Rae and gomerville to the -complainan's testator,

ithneqeuibree

-. he.
has so

according to a former decree of the court. The bill acted.

charges the land as being still the estate of John Rae, de- Itis incum. ceased, formerly one of the partner in the firm of Rae bent an the
ven-dee to and Somerville, and that all the joint funds were ex-. provq the au-

hausted.

thority to selL By'the tax

There was no appearance for the defendant Caroline; lawgsnfoafr G17r90-
but the defendant Elizabeth appeared, and pleaded, that and 1791, the her late husband, Danicl Course, pur*chased the lrad collector was fairly and bona ftide at public sale from the tax-gatherer, a,ahorised to
for the sum of 552 dollars and 89 cents, without notice on the defi-
of any claim, title or interest of the complainants in the ciency of persaid land, if any they have. The plea avers that the son-l estate: consideration money was paid to the tax-gatherer; that and then to
sellonly so

404

SUPREME COURT .U. S,

STZAD'S he had a right to sell the land for default' in payment of ExEctrtons taxes I that the taxes were, not paid at the time of sale,

CounsZ. which was publicly made, after legal notice ; that Daniel

\

q

Course took immediate possession, and die4 seised

much as wvas thereof, and at his death it descended to his heirs, of necessary to whom the defendant Elizabeth is eie. The deed expay the taxes m arr.-r. hibited was dated May 5th, 1792.
UnL:_r those

laws the sale of a whole tradt when a small part would have beensufficient to pay the taxes, void.

The defendant Elizabeth also answired the bill, deny-

in- f,

.

ing raud, &c..

To the plea there was a replication, denying that the tax-gatherer ha4 a right to sell the land; that the sale was publicly made after legal notice, and that Daniel Course was a fair and bona.flde purchaser, for.a valuable

consideration, without notice ; and averring that the

pretended sale and conveyance were unfair, fraudulent

and void.

On the 17th of tMa'y, 1805, the circuit sustained the plea, iihd dismissed the bill with posts.
The evidence and facts stated in the record ate as
follow:.

1. The advdrtiiement of the sale, in these words:

"Salefor Tuxe&.

"VWill be sold, on Saturday, the 5th'day of May, at thecourt-house in the city qf Savannah, between' the houis of twelve and one, 450 acres of land, lying and being on Pipemaker's creek, county of Chatham. Also, part of the lot No. 6, Percival ward, together with the house thereon, seized for the payment of the taxes of 1790 and 1791.

"FRANCIS COURVOISIE, " T. C. C. C.',

-2. The original grant from the province of Georgia to John Rae, dated November 2d, 1762, describing the land
as follows: "All that tract of land, containing 450 acres, situate and being in the parish of Christ's Church, 'ionur

FEBRTUARY, 1808.

4os

province of Georgia, bounded on the north-east by the riverSavannah, on the south-east by land of James Edward Powell, Esq. on the south-west by land of Isaac Young and land of the said John Rae, and on the northwest by Pipemaker's creek."

STPADS
ExzcV. GOnS coons=.

3. A certificate of a return of taxable property belonging to the estate of Robert Rae, made by Samuel Hammond,Esq. for the year 1.791, viz. Chatham county, 282 acres tide swamp on Hutchinson island; 450 acres pine barren, opposite the above, on Pipemaker's creek ; Richmond and Franklin county, 1,400 acres oak and hiccory land ; 56 negroes ; one four-wheeled carriage.
4. The following letter from Hammond to the col-
lector, viz.

"Sir.

" As you are compelling me to pay the taxes due by the estate of Robert Rae, deceased, for the years 1790 and 1791, and as I have no monies in my hands of the estate, or able'to raise the sum due out of my own Xesources, and the law allowing me the privilege of pointing to property of the estate, you are hereby noted toJevy on 450 acres of land in Chatham county, laying and being on Pipemak~r's creek.
"I am your obedient servant,

"SAMUEL HAMMOND.

"P. Courvoisie, Tax-Collector.

" 2d April, 1792."

There was also evidence that the land came by descent or devise from John Rae, the original grantee, to Robert Rae, whose widow (the mother of the defendant, Elizabeth Course) afterwards married Samuel Hammond.

It was also stated as a fact, that 11the relationghip between the wife of Daniel Course and the wife of Samuel Hammr-id, appearedto the court the only evidence from

406

"'SUPREME COURT U. S.

S'TAD's
ExF(cUTosS
V. COURSE.

-which it could be inferred that Course particpated in the fraud, or had a knowlkdg of it."
By the tax laws of Georgia for 17.90 and 191i, tide swamps of the first quality ar valued at 97 -shillingsper acre, second quality at 60 shillings, and third quality at 37 shillings ; pine barrens adjoining tide swamps, and within three miles of iide water, at 15 shillings per acre; oakand hiccory -lands-of the first quality at 15 shillings per acre, second quality 7 shillings, third quality 4 shillings; The tax for 1790 was ten shilling4, and for 1791 six shillings, on every hundred pounds' valueof the lands. The taxes were to be paid by the 15th of December, and.it was enacted, that "in case of default, the collector of the county Wvhere such defaulter shall happen shall immediately proceed against such defaulter by distress and sale of the goods and chattels, if any be found, otherwi on the.land of-such defaulter, orso much thereof as will pay the amount of the taxes due, with costs; and in all such cases to make titles to purchasers of the property sold as aforesaid."

The collectors were required to close their accounts by the 1st of March, and deliver the same to the treasu-
rer, and after deducting two and a half per cent on all such taites as they, shall receive, pay the remainder to the treasurer.

P. B. Key,; for the plaintiffs in error.

1. The plea is substantially defective.

1st.- In not averring, a seisin in some person who was liable for taxes.

2d. In not averring that there was no personal pro. perty which might be distrained for thd taxes, for it.was
only in default of perponal property that the collector was authorised by law to sell the land; and,

3d., In not averring that Daniel Course had not notice of the complainants! claim before he paid.the' purchase money.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

A purchase consists of a namber of separate acts, such as the agreement, the deed, the payment, &c. If, before the last act be done, he obtains notice, he gains no tide in equity. Even if he has paid the nioney, but not received the deed at the time of notice, he is not a purchaser without notice.

STAD'S ENECUTons
Couns

The same strictness is reiquired in pleading in equity
as at common law. A plea in equity must of itself~constitute a complete defence. It can derive no aid fom the answer. The answer cannot come into view until the pJea be disposed of. If the plea be good the answer is unecessary; and in considering the validity of the .plea, every allegation of the bill, not answered by the plea, is to be taken to.be true. MlIitford, 15. 177. 2t . 630. Story VN.Wfindsor.

2. But if these defects of the plea should be considered as cured by the riplication, yet it appears upon the -whole record that the facts of the plea are not true, and that the sale cf the collector transferred no right in the land to Dafijel Course.

Ist. The sale and conveyance were fraudulent and void.
'2d. The collector had no authority, under the circumstances of the case, to sell; and if he had aithority, he has not executed it legally.

1. The sale was fraudulent. The circumstances in-
dicating fraud are, that the lands were jiabl*e in equity to the debts of John Rae. That the taxes were not paid for 1790 and 1791, although there was personal estate enough in the hands of. the representatives of Robert
Rae, in whose occupation the lands were, to pay them. This appears by Hammond's return of property, in which he has returned 56 negroes as the property of Robert Rae. That notwithstanding this personal property was in his hands, Hammond, who had mari:ed Robert Rae's widow, the mother of the defendant Elizabeth Course, not only permitted the land to be sold for taxes, but requested it might be sold, and pointed out this very land
as the object of sale, The advertiscrhent described the

Vol. IV.

3 F

SUPREME COURT U. S.

STEAD'S
EXeCUtoRs CoURS1.

land by its least notorious appellation. It mentions nelther the name of the owner of the land, nor the amount
of taxes due. Hammond's son-in-law, the husband of
Sthe defendant, became the purchaser. There can be no
doubt that he must have known the situation of the estate. He kn6w it was liable for the debts of John Rae. He knew that there was personal estate sufficient to pay the taxes. He knew that his father-in-law ought to have paid them; and he knew that he had directed the collector to sell the land. He knew the price which he gave for the land was far below its value ; for the bill states it was sold in 1799 for 2,386 dollars, and the defendant, in her answer, says that it was then sold far below its value. He and his father-in-law and their wives were the representatives of Robert Rae, and were the only persons, except creditors, who were interested in the lands, These circumstances go strongly to show that the sale by the collector was only the means used to defeat the creditors of their just debts.

2. The collector had no authority to sell these lands for taxes.

1st. Because there was suificient personal property, of which he had notice by the return of Hammond.

2d. Because he was not authorised in any case to sell more land than was sufficient to pay the taxes. The price which Daniel Course gave at this pretended sale was 552 dollars ; the same lands, in 1799, sold under the decree of the court for2,386 dollars, which the defendant in her answer says was far below their value, and yet
the utmost amount of taxes which could be claimed, even supposing that all the taxes for 1790 and 1791, due from the estate of Roberi Rae for property wherever situated in Georgia, could be charged upon this one tract of latid, would not exceed 150 dollars; and if, as we
contend, this tract is liable for its own'taxes only, the amount could not exceed 10 or 12 dollars. All special authorities are to be rigidly pursued and strictly construed. Cowp. 26.

3d. Because the collector could not sell after the first

FEBRUARY, 1808.

The 15th of December was .the time limited for the debtors to pay their taxes, and from that time till the 1st of March was allowed to the collector to enforce
payment by distress and sale; and on that day he was bound to close his accounts, and pay over the monies
collected to the treasurer. Whether he.had collected or not, he was bound to pay; and the law did not give him this summary remedy to indemnify himself for any taxes he might advance. If it did, it must give him a lien for an in'definite time, which cannot be supjosed to
have been the intention of the legislature. It is a special power, of an extrajudicial nature, to perform a duty in a certain time, and he is bound to.pursue his
authority strictly. If he paid the taxes which he had not collected, the power to -distrain did not continue for his benefit. It is to be predunmed that he did his duty, unless the contrary appears, and that he did pay the taxes which he was bound to collect, and had failed to collect, at the time when he was bound to close his ac-
counts.

STZAe' ExrCUVT.OUS
C,

4th. Because the advertisement did not sufficiently describe the land. It is simply called 450 acres of land lying on Pipemaker's creeki without mentioning the .Savannah river, on which it was also bounded, and which
was a more notoribus object. It neither mentions the person from whom the taxes were due, noi their kmount, nor the name of the owner of the land. The advertisement has no date, nor is it stated what notice was given, nor how it was published.

There is no evidence ot the amount of the taxes due, nor of the amount demanded; nor of the amount qf taxes for the non-payment of which theland was sold.
It does not appear that Courvoisie was collector for
the years 1790 and 1791.

Martin, contra.

The purchaser from a collector of taxes has a good title without deed. Upon the payment of the purchase money, the title vests by operation of law, in the same

.1

SUPREME COURT U. S.

S-EA D'S manner as it-does in the case of a sale of lands under a ExEcuTeas "

COURSE.

There is no fact stated in the bill to show the sale to be fraudulent. No advertisement is required by law in the proceedings of the collector. There is no repli-
cation to'tie answer, and therefore all the facts it contains are to be taken to be true, so far as it is responsive to the bill.

It was not necessary to state in the plea that any person was seised of 'the land, nor who was liable for the, taxes. The property was liable for taxes whoever might be its owner.

When sales are made by a'public officer,. he. is presumed to do his duty, and to have complied with all the requisites of the law, until the contrary isproved. Every .presumption is in favour of. the pqrchase'r. The purchaser is not bound to knew whether the taxes have been paid or not.
-there is no evidence that there was personal propertyat the time the taxes were payable. The certficate of Hammond was a year preceding that time ; and the personal property might have been sold - but if there was, the purchaser of the real estate is not to be prejudiced thereby ; it is a matter between the person liable for taxes andthe officer who sold the land when he might have sold the personal estate.

If an executor have power by will to sell land for payment of debts, in case of a deficiency of personal assets,, and he sells,'although the personal assets were sufficient, yet the purchaser of the land will be protected. 1 .Eq. Ca. Ab. 358; 359. *2 . Wims. 148. 2 Cha.
Ca. 115.

The collector had a right to sell this laud to pa all
the taxes due from Robert Rae's estate, wherever situated ; and it is immaterial at what price Daniel Course purchased the land, if the sale was fairly made.

FEBRUARY, 18o8.
Hammond was not bound to pay the taxes on this STDArWs land, if he knew that it was li·abje to 1he claim of the ExeGVu.Tofle complainants. It would have been a waste of the estate C *ouaE. of Robert Rae,
The imperfect description of the land is no evidence of fraud in the collector ; he advertised it by the name stated in the return of Hammond. He was not obliged to describe it as lying on the Savannah. The law did not require him to name the person who had title toor was in possession of the land, nor the name of the person liable for the taxes, nor their amount. There is no proof of fraud but what arises from those circumstances, and the relationship between iAIrs. Hammond and Mrs. Course ; and thse are only circumstances, which at most may excite a suspicion. The presumption of law ii always against fraud. It must always be proved. And unless it be not onlyproved,but brought home to the purchaser, the sale cannot be set aside .
P. B. Key, in reply.
The plea admits every thing in the bill not denied -by the plea, and although there be also an answer, and no replication to that answer, yet the facts stated in the answer cannot be brought in aid of the plea. It must stand on its own foundation.
The answer cannot be brought into view until the question upon the plea be decided.
It was not necessary for ihe bill to state all the facts which may be given in evidence of fraud. It iqsufficient if fraud 6e positively charged in general terms.
- The rule of law is not that every thing is to be presumed in favour of the purchaser; but that a purchaser who claims title under a special limited autfiority, a power naked and without interest, must show that the power has been strictly pursued.
The doctrine advanced on the other side, that whether the taxes were due or not, the purchaser is protected in his title, is hazardous in die extreme ; it

SUPREME COURT U. S.

STEAD's
E=XCUTORS V.
COURSE.

wbuld subject all our estates to the controul of a collector of taxes.

SThe

cases cited do not support the doctrine. They.

only show that, where lands are devised for the pay-

ment of debts generally, the purchaser is not bound to

see to the application of the money ; or to inquire whe-

ther there be personal estate sufficient'to pay the debts

but if lands are devised to pay certain debts specified in

a schedule, there the purchaser must see to the applica-

tion of the money. The case cited from 2 P. Wims. 148.

was a case of a term for years only, which the executor

had a right to sell as personal estate.

The sound rule of law is, that no man shall be permitted to sell the estate of another, witlioutt an express delegated authority; and he who claims under such an authority must show that it has been strictly pursued. Caveat emptor, when he buys property from a man who is not the owner of it.
Property in one county could not be liable for taxes on property in another county. There were different collectors in different countieswho had separate and independent powers.

Mlarch 14.

MARSHALL, Ch.. J. delivered the opinion of the court, as follows:

The plaintiffs, who were the creditors of Rae and Somerville, brought this bill to subject a tract of land in the possession of the defendants to the payment of a debt for which they had obtained a decree against Rae and Somerville.
The defendants plead that Daniel Course, under whom they claim by descent, is a fair purchaser, for a valuable consideration, of the premises in question" at a sale thereof, by the collector of taxes for the county in which they lie, made for taxes in arrear. The defeigdant also answered, denying fratid.

FEBRUARY, 1808.

413

A replication was filed to *thisplea, and on a hearing it was sustained, and the bill dismissed.
" In this case the merits of the claim cannot be examined. The only questions before this court are upon the sufficiency of the plea to bar the action, and the sufficiency. of the testimony to support the plea as pleaded.

STEAD'S
Ex&CUTOb
V.
Co unsr.

On the first point, the counsel for the plaintiff has
adduced authority which would certainly apply btrongly, if not conclusively in his favour, if a special demurrer had been filed to the plea : But as issue has been taken
on it, the court thinks it sufficient, since it contains, in substance, mattter which, if true, would bar the action.

The replication puts the matter of the plea in issue, and it is incumbent on the defendants to support it. They prove a sale by the collector on account of taxes,
and adduce a deed conveying the premises to the pur-
chaser. But this testimony alone is not sufficient to support the plea. The validity of the sale is the' s u bject of controversy, and its validity depends on the au-
thority of the collector to sell, and on the fairness of
the transaction. It would be going too far to say that a
collector selling land with or without authority, could, by his conveyance, transfer the title of the rightful proprietor. He 'must act in conformity with, the law from which his power is derived, and the purchaser is bound to inquire whether he has so acted. It is true that full evidence of every minute circumstance ought not, especially at a distant day, to be required. From
the establishment of s me facts, it is possible that others may be presumed, and less than positive testimony may establish facts. In this case, as in all others depending -o testimony, a sound discretion, regulated by the law of evidence, will be exercised. But it is incumbent on the vendee to prove the authority to sell, and the%question respecting the fairness of the sale will then stand on the same principles with any other transaction in
which fraud is charged.

$UPREME COURT U. S.
S-TED's In examining the law under which this sale N¢as made, EXECUTORs the court perceives that the collector is authorised to
Counsr. sell land only on the deficiency of personal estate ; and /then to sell only so much as is necessary to pay the tax in arrear. In this case a sale is made of a whole tract of land, without specifying the amount of taxes actually due for which that land was liable and could be sold. This i6 proceeding in a manner not strictly regular. The, sale ought to have been of so much of the land as would satisfy the tax in arrear. Should it be true that the land was actually liable for the whole sum for which it sold, it would still be incumbent on &e vendee -to prove that fact ; for it 'cannot be presumed. Every presumption arising from the testimony in the cause is against it.
Had this fact been established, the court is inclined to think that the circumstances of the case as stated, though not perhaps amounting to proof of fraud, afford such presumptions as would render a final decree, without further testimony, unstisfactory, and that an issue ought to have been directed on the question whether the sale was -fraudulent or not. But if a whole tract of land was sold when a small part of it would have been sufficient for the taxes, which at present appears to be the case, the collector unquestionably exceeded his authority, and the plea cannot be lustained.
It is, therefore, the opinion of the court, that there is error in the decree of the circuit court for the district of Georgia, in sustaining the plea of the defendants, an~d dismissing the bill of the plaintiffs, and that the said decree ought to be reversed and annulled, and tbe cause remanded, with directions that the defendants shall answer over, and that further proceedings be had in the said cause, according to equity.
Decree reversed.

FEBRUjARY, 180s,

'321

Unquestionably, circumstances may occur, and per- MAvo,, &d. hips did occur in'thiscase, which would be equivlent oy ALZXto the declaration' of 'his election on the part of the D.

debtor, and therefore the court was correct in instructing thejuif, that if they should be satisfied that the pay-
ments were understdod to" be made on account of the gooils sold' at vendue, they ought to apply them to the -discharge of that hccount ; but in declaring thatthe election, which they su'p osed to devolve on the plaintiff if the application of the money was not undeistood at the time by the parties, vas lost if not inimediately exercised, that court errid.

PATTZZ1ANID OTHEz1l.

Their judgment, therefdre, must be reversed, aqd the cause remanded for 'hew trial

DAWSON'S .LESSEE v. GODFREY.
-GODFREY.

DAvson's
v.

ERROR to the circuit courf of the district of Colukn- A peron

bia, sittinj at Washington.

born in Eng-

land berora

the year
-Russel Lee, a citizen of the United States, in the year 1775 aid %

1793 died seised in fee bf a tract of land, called Argyle, always resid. Co-vall and Lorn, situated in that part of the district of ed there, and Columbia which was ceded to the United States by the never was in
teUnited state of Mayland. MIrs. Dawson, the lessor of' the states, in an

plaintiff, would be entitled to the landty descent, unless atl&, and prevented by the application of the principle of alienage. could not in

She was born in England before the year ,7V5, always 793t

remained.a British 'subject, and was never in hie Untcl ands in

States.-

"aryand

by descent from

-

The court below instructed

ibe jury t'hat she was

ah

acitizen of! the United

alien, and could not take the laud by descent from Rus- states.

sel Lee in the year 1793.

Ilhe question having been full' argucd, but not detided, in the cases of. Lambert' Lessee v. Paine,(ante, v9..

SUPREME COURT U, S.

DAwsON's LESSEE
GODFREY.

3. p. 97.) and XM'Ilvaine v. Coxe's Lessee, (ante, vol. 2.p. 280.) the counsel (viz. -orselland 7ones for the plaintiff in error, and P. B. Key for the defendant) agreed to Ssubmit it to the court without further argument.

JoHNsoN, J.4 delivered the opinion of the court, as follows;

This case rests upon the single question, Whether a subject of GreatBritain, born before the-declara.tionof indePndence, can now inheritlands in this country? The general doctrine is adroiitted, that in the state of Maryland, in.which the land lies, an alien cannot take by de-
scent; but it is contended, upon the doctrine laid cown in Calvin's case,' that the rights of the antenati of. Grea., Britain formed an exception from the general rule. The
point decided in the case of Calvin was, that a Scotsinan, born after the union, could inherit lands in England.
It is evident that this case is not direcily in point, for
the 6nly objection here to the right of recovery did not exist in Calvin's case, as, whether in England or in Scotland, he was equally bound in allegiance to thb king of Great Biitain. It would bt a contradiction in terms to contend that'Dawson or his wife ever owed allegiance to a government which did not exist at theiri birth. It. is upon a supposed analogy, therefore, and the reasoning of the judges in Calvin's case, that the argument for the plaintiffs is founded. In the two cases of Goxe and 11I-
vaine and Lambert andPayne, in this court, this doctrinfe
was very amply discussed, and this case is submitted upon those argumenits. The counsel there contended, that the relation of the posltfati of Scotland (after the union) to,the subjects of Great Britain, was identically the same with the antenati of Great Britain (before our
revolution) to the'citizens of this country, and that the community of allegiance at the time of birth, and not the existing state of it when the descent is cast, is the principle upon which the right to inherit depends.

The latter proposition presents the weak pointof their argument, foi the community of allegiance at the time of

P The judges present '..e Chase, Y'ohnson, Livingston and Todd,

FEBRUARY 1808.

birth and'at the -time of descent both existed in Calvin's case. And if the court in "their argument expressed.
opinions which appear to gcrthe length contended for by
the counsel, they must ble considered as mere obiter opinions, since the decision of the cause did hot depend upon them. We have no doubt that the correct doctrine of the English law is, that the right to inherit depends upon the existing state of allegiance at the time of the'descent.cast. And that the idea that it d6pends upon community of allegiance at the time of birth, is a. consequence that follows from the doctrines that a man can
never put offhis allegiance, or be deprived of the benefits of it but for a crime. Community of allegiance once existing must, upon these principles, exist ever after. Hence it is that the antenatiof America may continue to inherit in Great Britain, because we once owed allegiance
to that crown. But the same reason does not extend to the antenati of Gret Britain, because they never owed allegiance to our govern ment. [rhis idea will be best elucidated in the following manner: If an action be commenced in England by an antenatus of America'for the recovery of land, the plea of alien born could not be maintained, because inconsistent w,ifh the fact; nor would a plea of the severance of these states avail thedefendant, because th e art of his government, independent of any crime of his own, does not deprive' the plaintiff of "his civil rights, although it may release him from the obligation of allegiance. But if a suit bf the same kind be. instituted here by an antenatusof Great -Britain; ft-
plea of alien born cQuld bd maintained, for the plaintiff never owed allegiance to our governrient. - T6 avoid it he would be put to a special replication, Sy wbich he must of necessity acknowledge the truth of the pleh, and set forth circumstances which.would amount toa recognition
of his riever having been a party in our social compact. Much'of the difficultv in satisfying the mind on this subject vanishes upon ajust'view of the 'nature of the right of inheritance. Gentlemen have argted upon it as if it were a natural and perfect right; whereas it has its origin in, and is modified to infinity by the laws of society, in exercise of the right of territorial jufisdictidn.' To be
entitled to inherit in the state of Maryland, a right should be made out.undeir the laxr, of that state. As the com-
mon law, Which-is, the law'of Mfaryland on this subject;

DA-so .s LISSEa
ci.
Gorr.

SUPREME COURT U, S.

DAWSON'S LESSEE V.
GODFREY.

deprives an alien generally of the right of inheritint, it is incumbent upon the plaintiff to establish some exception in favourof his case. But I know of no exception, at common law, which gives the right to inherit distinctly from the obligation of allegiance, existing either in fact or in supposition of law.

Judgment affirmed.

M0UNTZ, V.
IIODGson.

MODUNTZ AND OTHERS v. HODGSON AND THOMPSON.

teQruetrihee, mwahye-. THIS was a writ of error 'to a supposed judgment of' tor of George. the circuit court of the district of Columbia,- for the

town, in the distrietof Co. lumbia, is a justice of peace of.the
county of
Washington? wwriWt hoeftheerrroar

county of Washington, between.Hodgson and Thompson, plaintiffs, and. Jacob Mountz, .7ohn Mountz and Henry Knowles, defendants.
Hodgson- and Thompson had recovered judgment in the court,below* at.December term, 1805, against Jficob
Mountz~ and Geoor.~. Reintzel. Byyatshmel act of assembly

will lie to the of Maryland, 'i791.. c.- 67. entitled " an act for regurefusal of the " lating the mode of staying execution, and for repealcourt below, c"g the acts of assembly therein mentioned,"' it isento quash an. 'ng execution up. acted, that. no execution shall issue upon any judgment, on motion ? provided theperson or persons against whom such judg-

ment is obtained, shall come before two justices of the

peac of the county, where such person or persons shall reside, within two months'after, the rendition of such

judgment, and together with two other persons, such as the said justices shall approve of, and confess judgment

for his debtand costs of suit adjudged; with stay of execution for six fionths thereaftei - which- confession shall be made in manner and form following, that is to

say .y1ouH. M. A. B. and C, D. do confess judgment to E. F." &c. which.confession shall be signed by the'

