FEBRUARY. 1809.

33a

missory -note, at least where he cannot obtain payment at law, to sue a remote endorsor in equity.
Certainly, in .sidch a case, the defendqtnt -ha's a right to insist on the other endorsors being made parties, but he has not done- so; and, in this case, the court does" not perceive that 'M'Clenachan is a party so material in the cause, that a decr'ee may not piroperlIk be made without him. "

.]RrDrLn ..
vrLLL..

The decree is"reversed, and the defendants directed to pay the amount of the note to the plain-
tiffs.

'The -decree of the court was as follows:

This cause came on to be heard on'the transcript
of. the record of the circuit court for the 'county of Alexandria, *andwas argued by counsel. On consi-
deration whereof,:the codrt is of opinion, that the decree of the said circuit court, dismissing the bill of the plaintiffs, is .erroneous, and ought to be reversed; and this court doth reverse the same; and this'cgurt,, proceeding. tor give such decree as the said circuit court ought to have given,. doth decree and order, that the defendants pay to the plaintiffs the sum of 1, 00 dollars, that being the amount of -the note in the bill mentioned, together with interest thereon from the time the- same becaine due.'

DULANY v. HOPGKIN-

ERROR 'to the circuit court for the district of Tofhaeproemndiossrosoryr

Columbia, sitting at Alexandria, in an action of as- note -%io en-

surnpsitby the endorsee of a promissory aote against dorses to give

his immediate- endorsor.

The

notqe.

was.made

by credit to the
and who

lontle,

Wellborn, on the 1st of January, i806, for-200 d iscounters~cu-

lars, 'payable-. to Hodgkin or order 120 days after redbyproperty

date, negotiable at the bank of .Alexandria. On the plliedagbelde,pnisnthoett

$54

SUPREME COURT U. S.

monve trial, the plaintiff did not produce any evidence of a

suit against.th maker, norevidence.of his insolven-

VXL., cy, but proved that the maker never was an inhabit-

ant of -thedistrict of Columbia, but resided in Albe-

mote,norinan narle.county, in the state of Virginia; whereupon.

ac'tion for tho. the court, upon the prayer of the defendant, instruct-

ney had and

received, un- ed the jury that it was-still necessary for the plaintiff

les the plain- to prove. to the satisfaction of the jury, that he had

tiff show that

saifato o j that

thF inaker is. brought suit upon -the note against the maker, or

insolvent, or that a suit against him would have been fruitless,

tbhroatughhte*"

has suit

bef6re

he

could

resott

to

the endorsor.

To which

which has pro- instruction the plaintiff' excepted.
ved fruitless.

It is not suffl-
cient to slicsw The plaintiff also excepted to the refusal of the that the maker court to instructthe jury that if they should be so-
of the note is
set of the tisfied by the evidence, that at the time the note was .rperaocchessofot"tthhee given, it was endbrsed 6y the defendant with a-view

¢art.

of giving credit to the maker with the plaintiff, and

that it was so understood; and if they liould be

further satisfied by the evidence, that the maker left

in the hands of tie defendant funds to-pay the note,.

or otherwise counter-secured, him for becoming en-

dorsor of the note, the plaintiff is entitled to recover

in this actiQn, although the maker should not be

proved to have been insolvent before the. note be-

came due.

The-declaration contained two counts; one upor. the note, the other for money had and received.

The case was submitted, without argument, to the court, who, after inspecting the record, on the next
day,

Affirmed the judgment, with costs. 5

.FEBRUARY, .1909.
But as the construction of the law w a liable to some question, the court will suffer the certificate
of probable cause.to remain as it is A doubt as
to the'true construction of the law is as reasonabje a cause for seizure at a doubt respecting the fact.
Seatence affirinad.

Ki)Ew
ja'u. s.

HIMELY v. ROSE.

THIS was an appeal from so much of the final It is not neetsdntende of the circuit court for. tfe district-bf So'tih 7 ton take
.e~eptigns to
Carolina- rendered upon 'the mandate from this court the report of issued upon the ieversal of tie fodrmer sentence of aeurrdoirtosrsa,pipfethaer

that court, (see- ante, vol. 4. p. 292.) as affirmed the upon the fice

report of auditors'appointed'by the court "to inquire Of the 'report.

whn

if acI

Tf the/peoper-

and report whether any, and ifany, what deductons ty, ordered to

are to be allowed for freight, insirance and 'other be restored, be

expenses ivhich would have been incurred by the n°l -ie..

owners in bringing the cargo into the' United States,

and -ulsato ascertain and report the interest to be

paid by the claimant to the appellanft," so far as that

report allowed interest to the *appellant, and disal-

lowed-the expense o' insurance to the claimant.

This court, in reversing the former sentence of the

circuit court, decreed as follows :.that tlhSarah and

her cargo "ought to be I'estoIed. to' the original owners, subject to those charges offreight.ipsurance

6iid other expenses which would-have been incurred

by the 6wners in bringing the cargo into the United,

States; svhich equitable deductions, the defendants

are at liberty to show in thi circuit. court. This court is theefbre ofopinion, that the sentence of the

circuit court 'of South Carolina ought to 'be- rev ersed, and the c6'use be'remanded 'to that court ir

order that a final decree"may be made thefein con-

formably to this opinion."

Voh V.

'Br

316

SUPREME COUIRT U. S.

Upon receiving the mandate from this court to-
v: carry its sentence of reversal intd effect, thg. circuitcourt directed a reference to auditors in the terms above stated; and the auditors rep.6rteA- ' that tha clairnatit is not entided'to any insurance, but that he ought to be allowed freight on ihe cargo at the rate of one cent per pound for such. of it as.was in bags, and one and a half ent per pound for such-of it' as was in casks, and also the sum of 5Q0 dollars for expenses incidental to the landing, wharfage, storage, &c, of the cargo, which sums being deducted fromn the amoupt of tha decree, the dlaiihant- must, pay-the appellant two years' interest on the residue at the. .rate of seven per cent. per annum."

lfrthi and 7ones, for Himely, thq appellant

After the express mandate 6f this court, directind
the allowance of freight and iiisurance," the court below ought not to have referred itto. auditors to say whether any thing 'should be allowed for insurance.

The mandate was silent as. to intwre'st; indeedi as the proceeding was in rem, and the decree for restitution, interest could not have bpen given.
T"LivirmasToW, J. Can this court take notice of these errors hithe report if no exception were taken in the court below ?"

M.Tartin. There were no pardculart items t6 which, an exception was necesiary. The error appears palpably'up6n the face of the procee lings. And thio court, in the case of Mfirray v. The CharmingBetsy. (ante,'vol. 2. p. i24o) decided i that exceptions are not necessary if the- error appear upon the face
of the report itself.

Besides, in an appear from a sentebce of a court" of adiairalty; ihe question of fact is opened as well -as the question of law.

MARSHALL, Ch. Nothing is before this court but what is subscquent to the nandate.

FEBRUARY, 1809,

31.5

Martin. The auditors have llowed nothing. for the expenses of the cargo at St. 7ago de. Cuba; Himely was -as much..entitled to those -expenses under the decree of this court, as to thoie incurred in this country.

H2a16V u z,

C. Lee, contra.

There were no exceptions t6 the report in the court below. It was there 'regularly confirmed by that court, whose decree ought to be affirned in this, unless the directions of the mandate have been counteracted in one or both the paticulars of which tie appellant complains.

.The mandate left the claim of insurance open to
be adjusted in the circuit court, and unless insfirance was proved to have been actually-made, nothing' should be allowed on that account.

It is now to be presumed and taken as an admitted fact, that no insurance was made by the appellant.

The interest was properly allowed, unless. good reason can be shown in equity why it should not be paid. According to modern 'usage in commercial
controversies, interest is deemed ani inseparable incident to the principal debt, the payment whereof -is wrongfully delayed. Thi being the general rule, and the mandate being silent, the allowance of interest is
unobjectionable. As the claimant was to 'have the benefit of equitable deductions, he ought to be subjected to equitable charges. He has had the-use of the money, and the other party has lost the interest of it.

The freight and other' charges, as well as the va-
lue of the cargo,, having been amicably .arranged by the parties, and there being no appeal as to.them, they are not now to be-the subject of inquiry or decisiod.

Upon 'the quesion of -interest, Mr. Lee cited- 3 Dal. 332.. Bills v. Rose,-aad 4 Dal. 289. Crawford
v. Wlling and Morris.

8.16 Fau .v

-SUPIME COURT U. S. fMar'ch 10.

M-miszAmvL, Ch. J delivqred-the opinion, of the
court as follows.,

A decree having been iormerly rendered in this cause, -thecoxrt is no' w'to determine whether that decree ha' been executed according to its true intent and meaning.

That decree directed "the cargo of the, Sorah to
bt -stored to the original owners, subject p those charges of freight, insdrance and other expenses which would have been incurred by'them, in bringing the cargo into the United States."

In carrying this decree ifito execution, an allowanc' has been made for freight,, and for experses"incurred at the port of importation; but no allowance has been' mad6 for expenses at the port of lading, nbr-for insurance. The appellants, too, were chaged
wivith. interest on the money into which the cargo had
been converted,

. No exception having.been takeu to this report, it is now liable to those exceptions only which appear
on it fqce..

So far as respects freight, ant the ezpenses at the port of entry and delivery, the :report must be corisidered as correct; but in those items of the claim which were disallowed, the error, if it be one, is apparent on the face of the proceedings, and 'may
therefore be corrected.

The court has not considered' the appellants as infected by the marine trespass committed by tli6 captors.of.the Sarah and her. cargo. Their operatiotis commence" with their purdhase at St. Jago de Cuba;-.and the decree designed,- and ii thought to have been so expressed as to charge the,.owners with
all the expenses waich they would have, incurred,
had they made tht Purchaahenselves, H-ad they

FEBRUARY, 1809.

317

done so, thby must have inctirred some expenses -itthe port of lading. Among these is certainly,not to be estimated the price. 6f the cargo ; but any expense necessarily attendant upon the transaction, such as putting thd *cargoon boara, may'properly, under this decree, be charged to the owners.

HIzm , _Rosz.

It is obvious, too, that the owners, or the underwriters, if they represent the' owners, -had they beenL
the purchasers, must have insured the 'vessel and cargo from St. Jago de Cuba to the United States, or must themselves have stood insuiers; in which latter case, the risk is deemed equal to the insurance. The decree, therefore, formerly rendered' by this court, is understood to have entitled the appellants o insurance.

The question of interest is more doubtfful; but this court is of opinion that the appellants/ought not to be charged with interest.

Restitution of the cargo ,w.as awarded. The pro;. perty having been' sold, the mdney pr'oceeding from the sales is substituted for the specific articles. If
this money remains in possession* of the -court, it' carries no interest; if it be in the hands of an individual, it may bear interest, or otherwise, as* the court shall direct. But it is not supposed that the party, to whom restitution is awarded, receives in-
terest in such case, unless it be-decreed by thexcourt. This court did not decree interest; nor would interest have been decreed, in this case, -had the particular fact of the sale been brought before them.

the circumstances of the-case were'such as to re,strain the court from inserting in its decree anything 'which might increase its severity. The loss was heavy; and it fell unavoidably on one of two inno-cent parties. The court was nbt-inclined to add to
its weight, by giving interest in the nature of da'mages. The allowancA of interest, therefore, in the court below is overruled.

The sentence of the circuit court is reversed.

ulizianzr

SIG

SUPREME COURT U. S.

JOHNuso, Ja When. the mah.date of this court
w'.s received in the court below, auditors were nominated, by .conseit, to report what would be the usaal. mercantile' allowance between the parties; and to state an account accordingly. Those- au.ditors reported against the alloWance of insurance, and in favoui of interest." The supposition that the expense of transportation was not allowed, I am convinced, must be incorrect; for insurance..and-intertst were the subject of the only two exceptions taken .to vheir report. Upon hearing argument on these two exceptions, the ccurt affirmed their report upon both these points, and I have since heard: no reason to alter-the opinion' which I entertained on the argument below.

It is contended that the mandate of Nhis court
was peremptory as to the allowance of insurhnce, Qnd did nat sanction'th e charge of interest. The wvords of the'mandate s6 far as relates to these Foints are ihe following' "subject to those charges 0r freight, insurance,: and other expenses, whick would hdive been incurred br the owners in bring-
ing t4e cargo into the United States; which equigablf Aductiofis the defendants are at lberly to show go thecirczte court," &c. These words imperatively
require two things;, viz. that the deductions, to be
allbwed to Himely, should be equitable in their nature, and.shouldbe shown to the court. Upon
what. ground ould an allowance for insurance have been.deemed just or equitable? It could only have been upo4. Himely's having actually paid an insurance, .which he was at "liberty. to show, or
up.on his having .himselfincurred that risk which
would have been co'ered by -insurance.. The fact wab admitted that. he had .not iisured, and as t6 having incurred any risk himself, 1-cannot gnder-
,5taiid in what possible view he could .have incurred a risk, when this court has decided that if the -property had been lost, he would have lost nothing. It
was not the property of Himly, it vas the property 6f Rose; had it been Cunk in'the ocean, it "would not hafv been the loss ol kIndy, it would have

FEBRUARY, 1809.,

3-19

been the Joss of Rose; there can be. nor reasojn, then, why Rose, who, ran.all the risk, sh6uld"be adJudged to pay an insurante -to Himely, who- incurred.no risk: bAt "uch is the effect of deducting it from the sum to be 'paid to Rose. After de.piding that the .property 'was nrt changed, that it ,still continued in Rose, and "was never vested in Hitnely, I feel confused by the inquiry on -what possible ground.the allowance" for insurance can be. -sanctioned.

HXmiCL-k v.
ROSE.

With regard. to interest, the question is not. soclear, but the difficulty does hot arise-upon the abstract equity 'of the charge. In .equitky interest· goes with the principal, as the'fruit with the.free. .Rose is now to be' considered as the rightful ownqir of the property, and ought to have had the posseg-
sion and use of t, during the existence of this con%test. But Himely, having given stipulation bonds, was, by. the order of the district court, admiftd to the possession and use of it, added it to his capital, traded upon it, and made *uch profits and advantages of it as his, skill or ingenuity suggested. Rode, in the mean time, was kept out of the use of it, and.
lost those emoluments and mercantile advantages which might have resulted from the use;of. it. It - was. not a case in,which the property is locked up in a warehouse, or the -proceeds thereof deposited iithe hands of the register of this court, but a case in which the goods. werq, in fact, converted -into
money by the effect of the stipulation bond,.and the use of iSg'iven to Himely, to the prejudice of Rose :
there could, therefore, be no radical objectioif ta the charge, on the grounOl of equity. Had tlt mandate issued to restore to the party a: flock of sheep, or stock, or bonds bearing interest, it is presumed tfiat it would have been constrtied to authorize the
delivery of their natural or artificial increase without any express, words to-carry them. . But it is said
that the mandate does not expressly aitborize this allowance. This is true; but it must be recollected that the mandate of this court enjoins the allowance
6f equitabie deductions. Now a variety of deduct

390 PJPREIME tOURT'tT. S,
v ti~fims may be, in the abstract equitablp, but. may ' lse .that character by its being made to*appear that
tampei compensation has been already made "for thein. t was, in this light that the court below sustined the charge of interest: because having fiad the usufruct of theproperty concerning which thosecharges on his part, which *merited the denomination -of equitable deductions, were incurred, it appeared to. the court in fact. that he had'bee'a compensated in part for those advances by the use of the money. If this court had not-made use of the terms equitable deductions, that' court -probably would not have thought itself sanctioned in doing what appeared so equitable between the parties.
March 15.
ffardw and Yones, for 'the appellant, moved to open the principal decree'; aiid- stated that they were prepared to show that this court had bieen ndisinformed as to the law of St. D omingo. That they -had further arr&es. or ordinances, of 'the Prench government explanatory of that upon which the, sentence:was founded; and showing that the seizure of the. ptoperty -Oas the exerdise of'a belligerent, .inot of a municipal right.
I They, contended that while the property iremained out-of the jurisdiction of the United States, it w.a lost to the libellants, and chat Himely was enstled to a compensation for bringing it vithin their reach. 'That 'he ought to be reimbursed at. least What he paid,for the propeqy..
ci. Lee,. contra.
,The appeal as to the execution of .the mandate Oives no right to open the original dccree.
No further order wastaken in consequence of the motion.

RXIIDDLE
·fLI..

SUPREME COURT U. .
RIDDLE & CO. v. MANDEVILLE AND "JAMESSON.

the endotsee
of a 1promingo-

. ER.RO.R. to the circuit .court.f.or the district of Co-

ry.,ote, inVir- tU1bia, sitting at'Alexandria, in a suit in chancer7,

gr~onvher,mtahye rae-.Tbrought by Riddle & Co. against Mandeville and mount from a Jamesson, remote end.orsors of a promissory note,

remote endor- dated March 2, 1798, at.sixty days, for 1,500 dollars,

sor, in equity, drawn by Vincent Gray, payable tb the defendants

though not at

law.

or order, and by them enddrsdd' inblank. Upon its

Equity will face it was declared to be negotiable in the bank of

make that par.

ty iirnnedfhtei Alexandrii. The note so drawn and endorsed was

liable who isby Gray put into the 'hands of g broker who passed

itlimnately -la- - to

ble at law. It, P. W. Scott for .flour, which lie sold for f 200

endTohresorremhoates dollars in cash, and paid the mnoney to Gray. Scott

the sie d,-'passed it, without his own endorsement, to M'Clena-

feqe in equity chan in the purchase of flour, and M'Clenachan en-

amgoaitensetn

tie re-
oee

dorsed

it to

Riddle

& Co.

the

complainants,

in,pay-

I

against his ment of ,aprecedent debt ; Gray -failed to 'pay the imdate en- note, and was discharged under the insolvent act Of
dnreee
The defendant Virginia, upon an execution issued upon a judgment hinassisat trhigahttthteo "in favour of the"c6mplainants upon -thesame note. other eudor- The complainants then brought a suit at law against-

sonc be made the defendants upon their endorsement, ajid obtained,

p~rties. ,judgment in the court below, which was reversed in

this court, upon the principle. that'an endorsee cannot maintain a suit at law against a remote endorsor of a promissory note. I Cranch, 290 Whereupon the'complinants brought the present bill in equity,
which was decreed to be dismissed in the court below; that court being of opinion that there was no
equity in the bill. -.From that decree the complain-
ants appealed to this tburt.

-The only facts .stated in the bill were, that Gray
made the note payable t8 the order of Mandevillo and Jamesson, who put it in circulatipn.' "That it
was afterwards delivered and transferred, for a vluable conbideration, to M'Clenachan, who, f9 r a

FEBRUARY, 1809.

323

valuab!1 consideration, endorsed and traniferred it to the complainants. That Gray. failed to lIay it, and was discharged. from exedution under the insolvent
act, whereby. the complainants- wer, unable to recover from him any part thereof; in consequence of which the defendants became liable in equity to pay the same, but have refused so to do.

RIDDLE
V.
VILLL

Among the interrogatories .cout'ined in the bill, itis asked " with'what view was the note made and
endorsed?" and whether one of the defendants .did noti upon inquiry, declare that the note was good; and would be punctually paid?

The defendants pleaded the judgment at law in their favour in. a suit brought upon the same note, i,
bar of the relief in equity.

To this plea the complainants demurred, and the court sustained the demurrer, and ruled the defend-
ants to answer.

The answer states, that the note was endorsed by them for the purpose of being discounted at bank for the use of.the collector's office. in which Gray .was the chief clerk or deputy, andhad the whole management-of the business. That the defendants refused to endorse it until Gray promised ."to *deliver"to the defendants, as security, their bond to the United States, given for duties, to the. amount of 1,168 dollars,, which be never did, ind they had to ay it. That they never received any value from any person
for their endorsement; that they never gave circulation to the note, otherwise than by endorsing it and delivering it to Gray to be discounted at bank,. for w7hich purpose only they endorsed it. They deny that they- ever made any contract with any-person touching the note, and say they have no recollec. tiott of any. conversation with any ierson respecting the note before-it became due.

The deposition of D. W. Scott stated, that -he gave' 200 barrels of flour for the note, but before he

lDIDLE
tA1v.
VILLE.

324

SUP.EME COUrT U. 9.

concluded the bargain, he asked Jamemonwoe of the defendants, if the note wis good, and whr.ther there "wasiny objection to it, and informed him it
was offered to him for flor., Jlat easdn told him it
was a good note, and observed that whenever he saw the name ofMandeville and Jamesson.on any paper he might be sure it 'was- good. That Scott sold the note to MIClenachan for 207 bafrels offlour, but did n6t' endorse it, and it was expressly agreed that he should not be answerable for it in any event.

The deposition of IV 'Clenachan stated, that before he would take the note of Scott, he informed Jamesson that he intended to deal for-it, and inquired .whether it was an accommodation note, or a
ote.given upon a real transactiozzn. Jamesson told him it was a real transaction note, and, not an accommodation note, and that it would be punctually'paid. The deponent further stated, that the comyplainants had reledsed'to him all claim on account of the note, and of the debt intended to be paid by the note ; and that he had also been discharged un-
der the bankrupt act.
These witnesses were objected to by the defend-

ants as interested.

.E. 7, Lee, for the plaintiffs in error.

I. The court below did right in overruling the plea in bar.

Where, by the principles of law, a party has a
right, but the fobms. of law do not give a remedy, a court of equity will grant relief, ,ihtf. 103. And
in some cases it has a conciurrent jurisdiction with the courts ,of law. .Mitf. 108, lo9. 3 At. 215. I .Fonb. 204..

2. The court below er'edin disniissing the bill.
The .plaintiffs are'entitled tp recover in equity agaibist the detendants. it was the intention of the

FEBRUARY, 1809.

325

defendants to make themselves responsible to any person who should be the holder of the paper. Thqy intended it to be a negotiable instrument. This ap.: pears from the note itself, which is expressly made negotiable in the bank of Alexandria, and from the answer of the defendants, who state tidat.they endorsed it for the purpose of being discounted at the bank. Their endorsement was intended to give. creditto the note. If they did not intend- to become responsible, they were guilty of a friud. The complainants, upon the credit of the note, granted indulgence to M'Clenachan. The defendants 'were- un-.
doubtedly answerable at law to M'Clenachan. That' liability *was a chose in action which he had a right in equity to assign, although this court has decided that it was not assignable at law. 1 Ath. -124. - 1
Ponb. 201. 204. 1 Term Rep. 622. In the case, of F'olet v. Patton, at this term, this court has deiided. that a person who eidorses merely to give credit to the note, is liable at law to his immediate endorsee.
If the complainants had brought a suit in the name of M'Clenachan for their use against the defendants, a court of law would- have protected the equity -of
the complainants. 2'Skin. 6, 7. 1- Term Rep. 622. Winch v. Keely. 4 Term Rep' 344. And if in such
a suit the defendants had a set-off against the complainants, Riddle & Co., a court of law would have
allovwed it.- 211H. Bla. .1271. Bottomly v. Broohe. 1 Term Rep. 621. If a court of law will recognise. and protect an equitable qssignment, a fortibri will, a court of equity. In the case of Harrisv. 7ohnston, (ante, vo. 3.'p. 319.) this court sa*id that "the
holder -of a note may indontestably sue a remote en-
dorsor in chancery, and compel payment of it."

4rnrviL
M. VLL..

.2oungs, contra, contended,

1. Tiat the plea in bar ought to have been sus-
tained. Ajudgment at law against a party in an equitable action of assumpsit, when all the facts are susceptible of proof at law, is conclusive against the jurjitdiction of a court of chancery, if it ever had any. If a court of chancery and a court of. law,

Rapso-. V.
VILL .

596

SUPREME COURT U. S.

have a concurrent jurisdiction, an election to proceed in one concludes the party- from goifig into the
other. If a person is under no'legal obligation to ,z.paymoney, a court of chancery cannot compel him,
It can only enforce" the performance of legal contracts, and where there is no contract at law, a court
of chancery*cannot make one. As no privity exists at law between the holder and a remote endorsor, that privity cannot be created by a court of equity.

2. That the court below was correct in dismissing the bill.

The dontrace was usurious. A nQte for 1,500 dollars having only sixty days- to rui was sold for 1,200 dollars worth of flour.

There was no valuable consideration- flowing to the defendants; and such a consideration alone can make an endorsor liable even to, his immediate endot iee.

The liability of the endorsor is nbt. a 'omplete chose in action.. A chose in action is a right of action. 3NTo right of action exists against an endorsor of a promissory note, in Virginia, until it is ascertained that the money cannot be recovered from the maker, Until that time it is a mere possibility, which is fot 'the subject of assignment even in equity. The liability -of the endorsor is not assignable unde6rthe statute, and cannot be made so by a court of equity,
fn,the case of a joint obligation by principal and surety, if the surety be discharged at law, he can never be made liable in equity, for his equity is equal to that of the obligee. 2 Wash. 136..Harrison v. .Field.

The note was endorsed by the- defendants to be discounted at bank. Gray committed'a breach of good faith, an act oi fraud, in sending it into the
market.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

S27

The complainants cam only claim as creditors of rnozLZ

M1'Clenachan. But they are no longer his credit.- Y.

ers, having released'him from the debt, according

MANDE-
VILE.

to his own deposition which.they have produced.

If it should be compared to a letter of credit, it is a letter of credit tboa particular person for a particular purpose.- It is not'like a general letter of credit.
,Swann and C. Lee, on the same side.
The suit at law was decided against the complainants on account of a defect of right, not for want of a remedy at law.
The money in the hands of Gray was like any other property in his-hands. If it had been a horse which. Mandeville and Jamesson had transferred to kIt'Clenachan, with warranty, and M'Clenachan had sold the horse to the complainants, he could not bave transferred t them the warranty of Mandeville and jamesson. No case can be found in which a suit ih -chancery has been maintained against a remote warrantor of personal property.
The complainants demand the whole amount of . the note; but in equity they can claim only what the; paid for it; and how much that was does not appear. The endorsors must -sue each other in succession. No case can be found wherea holder has recovered in equity against a remote andorsor.
C. Simms, in reply,
In the case of Violet and Patton, this court has placed the liability of an endorsor upon a much more correctprintiple than that of privity of contract. It was there decided, that an endorsement was equivalentto-a general letter of credit; if so, it enables any one to recover upon it wher'-as parted with. his property upon the faith. of it-- If A. gives a letter,

1UDDLE
S
IAVE-

328

SUPREME COQURT U. S.

of credit to C. and B. afterwards also gives a letter of credit to C., A. is not discharged from hisliabikty because U.- is also liable.

What was said by the chiefljustice in the case'of Harrisv. Yohnston, cannot .b.e considered as a mere dictum, but mubt be taken to be the deliberate bpinion of the court, for it is the only answer giyen to a strong argument urged by the counsel for Johnston to show that the outstanding note, was no bar to a recoveiy upon the open account, viz. that the defendant, being a remote endorsor, could never be .c9mpelled. to. pay th note. The answer of the court was, "'It is supposed that the holder of a.note may .incontestab/ysue a remote endorsor in chancery, and compel payment of it." And during the argument of that case, when this idea was suggested by Mr. Jones, the chief justice said, " True; we shall -consider"that point. I have always been of opinion that'in such cases a suit in chancery can'be supported;' though I do not recollect any case in whi*ch the point has been decided." When, therefore, the chiefjustice afterwards, in d'elivering tht opinion of the court, repeats the same idea in stronger terms, it must be supposed that the, point had been well considered, and that he spoki the opinion of the whole court.
March 13.
M,&RSHALL, Ch. .. delivered the opinion, oV the court as follows:
This suit" is brought by the holder of a promissory note to recover its amount fr6m- a remote endorsor. In a suit between "the same parties, this court had previously determnned that the plaintiff was without remedy at law. ,Iti ow to be decided whether he is entitled to the 'id of a c6urt of equity.
. If,as vas stated by the counsel for the dfendants, the qustion-is, whether a court f cbhiiceiy

1FEBRUARY, 1809.

329

would cireate contracts into which individuals had never entered, and decree th payment of money
from pe'sonl who had never undertaken to pay it,
the time. of this court has been very much misapplied indded in attending to the laborious discussion of this cause. The court would, at once, have d&sclaimed such a power, and have terminated-so extraordinary a controversy.

RX:IDnL M AN-
VTLLE.

But the real, questions in the case are understood to be, whether the plaintiffs,'as endorsees of a pro-
missory note, have a right, under the laws of Virginia, to receive its amount from the endorsor on.
the insolvency of the maker; whether the defendants, as the origina-l endorsors of the note, are ultimately responsible for it; and whether equity will decree the payment to be immediately made, by the person ultimately responsible, to the person who' is actually entitled to receive the money.

This note came to the hands of M'Clenachan, endorsed in blank by Mandeville' and Jamessbn. M'Clenachan bad a right to fill.up the endorsement. to himself, and he has done so. !'he law, as un-
derstood in Virginia, immediately implied an uts-sunpsit from Mundeville" and Jamesson to M'Clenachan to pay him the amount of the note, if he should
use due diligence, an4 should be unable to obtain payment from the maker. MI'Clenachan eudorsed
this note to the plaintiffs, and, by so dbizig, became. liable to them in like manner as Mandevilld and Jambsson were liable to him.

The maker having proved insolvent, the plaintiffs
have. a: legal right to claim payment from M'Cleia"chan, and, on making that payment, M'Clenachan would be reinvested with all his original rights in the note, and would be entided to demand-payment from Mandeville and Jamesson.

If there were twenty successive.. dndorsors of a

note, this circuitous course.might be pursued; and,

VoL V.

T_

ArWD.U DIANDM-
VILLE.

330

SUPREME COUrT.U. S.

by the time the ultimate endorsor was reached,
the value of the note would he expended in the pursuit. This circ.umstance alone would .afford a
strong reason for enabling the holder to bring all the endorsors into that court which could, in a single decree, put an. end to litigation. No principle adverse to such a proceeding-is perceived. Its aialogy to the familiar case pf a suit in chancery by a creditor against the lega tees of his debtor is not very remote. If an executor shall have distributed the estate of his testator, the creditor ha an action at law against him, and he has his reme. dy against the legatees. The creditor has io action at law against the legatees; Yet it has'never been understood that the creditor is compelled to resort to his legal remedy. He m ay bring-the executor and legatees both before a court of chancery, which court w'll decree immediate payment from
those who are ultimately bound. If the executor
and his securities should be insolvent, so that a suit at law must he unproductive, the, creditor would have no other remedy than in equity, and his right to the aid of that court coula not he questioned.

If doubts of his right to sue in chancery could be entertained while the executor was solvent, -none can exist after he had become insolvent. Yet the,
creditor would have no legal claim on the legatees, and could maintain no action at law against them. . The right of the executor, however, may,
in a court of equity, be asserted by the- creditor, and, -Ss the legatees would be ultimately responsible for his debt, equity will make them immediately re-
sponsible.

In the presenf case, as in that which has been
stated, *the insolvenry of M'Clenachan furnishes strong additional motives for 6oming into a court of chancery. Mandeville and Jamesson are ultimately bound for this money, but the .remedy at law is defeated. by the bankruptcy of an- interme-
diate endorsor. It is only a court of equity which,
can aflord a remedy;

FEBRUARY, 1809.

331

This subject may and ought to be contemplated in still another pbint ofview. It has been repeatedly observed that the action against the endorsor is not
given by statute. The contract on which the suit is maintained is not expressed, but is implied from the endorsement itself, unexplained and unaccompanied by any additional testimony.. Such a contract must, of necessity, conform to 'the general understanding of the transaction. General opinion certainly -attaches credit to a note, the maker of Which is doubtful, in proportion to the credit of the endorsors, and two -or more good endors'ors are deemed superior to oie. But if the last endorsor
alone can be made responsible to the holder, theh the preceding names are of no importance, and would add nothing to the credit of the note. But this general opinion is founded. on the general understanding of the nature of the contract. *The endorsor. is understood t6 pass to the endorseed every
right 'founded on the note which he himself posoesses. Among these is his right'against 'the prior
endorsor. This right is -founded on an implied' contract, which is not, by law, assignable. Yet if it ii capable of being transferred in equity, it vests, as an equitable interest, in the holder of the note. No reason 'is perceived .why such an interest should not, as well, as an interest in any other chose in action, be transferible in .equity. And if it be so transferable, equity will of course afford a remedy. The defendant sustains no injury, for he may 'aefend himself in equity against the holder as effectually as he could defend himself against his immediate assignee in a suit at law.

Ri;PPz. ,W" VILLE.

The case put, of the sale and delivery of a per-, sonal thing, is not thought to be analogous to this. The purchaser of a personal thing does not, at the time or the contract, look beyond the vendor. He does not trace the title. It passes by delivery.
But-suppose the vendor held it by a bill of sale con.taining a warranty of title, and should assign that bill to his vendee; is it clear that, on. loss of the property far defect- of title, no recourse could

332

SUPREME CO6UT U. s.

R nDLu- behad to-the warrantor'of that title? The court.is MANDE-. not prepared i6 answer.'this question in the affirma-

It- is contended -that the endorsee of the n6te" hold§ it -subjeci to. every equity" to which it was liablein the hands of the endorsor. '
If this be admitted, it is not'tierc.eived that the admission would, in any manner, affect this case.
It is also contemded that the plintiff can only recover what he actually paid.
-Without itidicating any opinion on this point,.the court considerd it as very clear that the-endorsement is prima facie evidence of having endorsed fobi full value, and it-is incumbent on the defendant to shot the real consideration, if-it was an inadeqn~aie on6.
Usury has been stated inthe argument, but it is neithei alleged in the pleadings, nor,.proved by the testimony.'
It is u rged that Mandeville and Jamesson are securities who-have received no actual value, and that equity will not charge a security who is dischirged at law. In Support ,of this arguiment the case of a joint obligation is cited.
It is-true," that, inthe case of *ajoint obligation, the court has refused to set up the bond against the. representatives of, a security. 'But, in that case, the law had absolutely discharged them. - In this case, Mandeville and Jamessbn are not discharged. -They are not released from the implied cofitract created by the endorsement. - It is the legal remedy which is obstructed; the right is unimpaired, iand the original obligation is in full force.
It is, then,, the opinion 'of this'court that, w-ithout referring to the depositions .to which exceptions have been taken, a right ekists in the- holder of a pro-.

FEBRUARY. 1809.

33a

missory -note, at least where he cannot obtain payment at law, to sue a remote endorsor in equity.
Certainly, in .sidch a case, the defendqtnt -ha's a right to insist on the other endorsors being made parties, but he has not done- so; and, in this case, the court does" not perceive that 'M'Clenachan is a party so material in the cause, that a decr'ee may not piroperlIk be made without him. "

.]RrDrLn ..
vrLLL..

The decree is"reversed, and the defendants directed to pay the amount of the note to the plain-
tiffs.

'The -decree of the court was as follows:

This cause came on to be heard on'the transcript
of. the record of the circuit court for the 'county of Alexandria, *andwas argued by counsel. On consi-
deration whereof,:the codrt is of opinion, that the decree of the said circuit court, dismissing the bill of the plaintiffs, is .erroneous, and ought to be reversed; and this court doth reverse the same; and this'cgurt,, proceeding. tor give such decree as the said circuit court ought to have given,. doth decree and order, that the defendants pay to the plaintiffs the sum of 1, 00 dollars, that being the amount of -the note in the bill mentioned, together with interest thereon from the time the- same becaine due.'

DULANY v. HOPGKIN-

ERROR 'to the circuit court for the district of Tofhaeproemndiossrosoryr

Columbia, sitting at Alexandria, in an action of as- note -%io en-

surnpsitby the endorsee of a promissory aote against dorses to give

his immediate- endorsor.

The

notqe.

was.made

by credit to the
and who

lontle,

Wellborn, on the 1st of January, i806, for-200 d iscounters~cu-

lars, 'payable-. to Hodgkin or order 120 days after redbyproperty

date, negotiable at the bank of .Alexandria. On the plliedagbelde,pnisnthoett

FEBRUARYf 1809.

D15

of the size of the vessel will avoid a policy, of that HonosoN

any misrepresentation, however- minuate, will have

C .

that effect. It is to be hoped, in the mein time, that. '

some statutory provision may be made, which will

Telieve the court from a similar embarrassment.

Judgment reversed.

THE UNITED STATES -v. JUDGE PETERS.

AT the last term Gideon Olif'stead, in behalf of The legisi'.

himself and' Artimus

White, Aquilla R" umsdale,

an' d

tare ,,f
ecannoqt

a state a|nnul

David Clark, moved the court for a mandarnuv, t the Jdgmets, be directed to the honourable Richard Peters, judge tnl-ojrurdisedteircmtioinne,

of, the district court of the United- States for the f tile c,,crts Pennsylvania district, corhmandirig him to order and or tht. United

direct an attachment or other proper process to is.ue. The court of

to enforce trier court

obedience to the sentence of the said disin a civil cause of admrlty and marime

appeals priet

in
causes,

amry

arile ciectedhby the

jurisdiction, in which.the said Gideon Olmstead'and- continental

,others were libellants, and Elizabeth Serjeant and epo.w.eersst,o hraeld-

Esther Waters were respondents. This motion was ,ise and cr-

made upon a suggestion, supported by- affidavit, that rtecntcsth of stehne-

a copy of the sentence had been served upon the state courts of xespondents, which they refused to obey; and that ad.mA.irrthaoltuy'g.h the

application had been made to the juige for an 4t- clid o,if a tachfnent, which he had refused to grant; whereupon state iniy. be
Su-itm.tely af-
a mandamus nisi was granted returnable to this term; f&cted by the

when the judge made the following return:

decision of a calie, yet if

the state be not

"On Saturday, March 5th, ISOB, upon the affidarit oFijimstead, n'rile nccessarily a Iva$ granted that Judge Peters shoud shw cause by the next Satar- defeldan, tte day, why a mandamus should not isue. On Matarday, March 12th, a crts of the letter was received -by ine of the counsel for ·Olmstead, from Judge United ZtAtes Peters, acknowledging service-of the ruli;, and statiog that all act of arc build to the legislature of Peonsylsauia halt commanded ihe geovernor of that exercise jx. state to call out an armed force to prevent t m exceition of any prhwees risdiution,. to enforce the perlormsance of the sentence. That s'elh being the state of things he should nut dihect process to issue unlbss -he should be 'so or~ered by this court ; whereupon a mandanue Wim fas granted, returnable at the uext term.

SUPREME COURT, U. S.
'iz .S. "To the honourable the supreme court of the v United States,
1'the subscriber, judge ofthe district court of the
United States in and.for the district of Pennsylvania, in obedience to the rnandarius issued by order of the supreme court in the.case of Gideon Olmstead and othets, libellants, against'the surviving executrixes of the late David Rittenhouse, Esq. and to the said district judge directed, begs leave to returin,
" That the proceedings of the district court in the aboye cause, which are herewith transmitted, and respectfully submitted, will show the grounds of the judgment by the said court rendered. Every opportunity, through the whole course of these proceedings, was giveh to the parties 'to litigate the claim, or discuss questions, either on the merits or jurisdiction. Nor was any step taken, without due and timely notice.
"The answer of the respondents will show their objections. to the claim of the libellants. This answer refer. to ar., act of assembly of the state of Pennsylvania, passed the 26th day of February, 1801, which was not produced or brought under the legal notice of the court.
No application for execution of the decree was made until vithin twelve or eighteen months past; nor has it been, till more recently, much pressed.
"By the suggestion. filed by the respondents, their objections to the 'execution of 'the decree will appear. They have made an act of assembly of the state of Pennsylvania a part ot their suggestion; and thus, for the first time, during the pendency of the suit, brought this act under the-judicial nptice of the'court. It is entitled "An act relating to the claim of this commonwealth against Elizabeth St'rje-nt and Esther Waters, surviving executrixes of D.vid Rittenhouse, Esq. deceased, passed

FEBRUARY, 1809.

117

April the second, 1803 :'" and to this act I pray leave to refer.

TUE U. S. PE'ERS.

"This act, or any of its allegations, has no'.influence on my opifiion.. Let this opinion. be erroneous or correct, a proceeding, in some of its parts, indecorous, and, in others, unjustifiable, can have no. operation in rectifying supposed errors, or con-
vincing my judgment. But from prudential, more
.than'other motives,. I deemed it best to avoid embroiling the government of the United States and that of Penns) Ivania (if the latter government sho'uld ehoose so to do) on a question which has resie.d on my single opinion, so far as it is touched by my de-
cree:, and, under .the influence of this sentinent, I have withheld thv process required. If this be not considered a legal cause, it must be deemed a can-
did acknowledgment that I do not invariably obey
a x:ignrous dictate of duty, or follow an inflexibly
strict construction of law.

"9I entertained a hope that,,a legislature succeed-
ing that by which the act before mentioned was passed, would, under a more temperate view of the
subject, have repealed it; and enabledrand directed the executive of the state, or some other authority, to put this case in a legal train of investigation: So that the final judgment and decree of the superior tribunal bf the United States might have been, in a proper
course, obtained , and thereby any erroneous opinion, or decree, given or ma'de by me, might have been rectified (if. any o4inion-or decree should have been *found illegal or erroneous) in' a manner more becoming the real dignity of a state, more suitable to the. situation of those who execute the duties of a branch of the governme'nt of the United States, and more consistent with the good order and peace of the community. This hope was cherished by- the proceedings of the legislature of Pennsvlvania, in
'other cases wherein the state claimed ,interests. This expectation has been disa "ointed. There be"Ingno other legal mode of obtainiig the decision of

118

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TUE U. S. the superior tribunal of the United States, (the only. PETERs. jurisdiction by which the judgments of inferior

courts of the United States can be finally %rectifiedor judicially annulled,) I have thought it proper, and,,
under all circumstances, fully justifiable, to obtain that decision, by placing. the case under the cognisance of your honoiurable court, in its present form.

" On the merits and justice of the claim of the libellants, I have no doubt; but remain of the same opinion I have mentioned in my decree.

" As to the juiisdiction; I have never conceived
that the allegations on. this point, contained in the act of ass.embly last mentioned, had legal 'foundation. It is well known to your honourable court, that third persons claiming interes ts in pais, cannot, by such claims, constitute themselves, or be judidially considered, parties in suits pending in ihe names of others. Nor does there now exist any legal mode of interpleading, or compelling states to become parties to suits in tie' courts of the United States. Yet if your honourable court shall be of opinion that the objections to jurisdiction are relevant, I shall, agreeably to my duty, continue to, -withhold any farther proceeding. But if, on the
other hand, a-peremptory direction to execute the decree shall be the consequence of your deliberations, having now the whole case before you, there can be no order or direction, which it is in my legal obligation to obey, to which (impell'd by a sense of
justice, however I may regretthe circumstance, a! it respects the parties respondents, or other. conse-quences which may flow from it) I shall more cheerfully submit.
RICHARD PETERS.

Philadelphia,Yuly 18th, 18082'

The facts as they appear in, the record and. docu.. ments referred to by the judge, in the above answer, were in substance as follows.

Gideon Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla

FEBRUARY, 1809.

119

Runidile and David Clark. citizens aid inhabi- TEr U. S. tants of the state of Connecticut, were, during the PrTViRO; revolutionary war, captured by the British and carried to Jamaica, wheie they were put on board. the iloop Active to assist as mariners in navigating the sloop to New-York, then in ppssession of the Bitish, with-a cargo of supplies for "the fleets and armiesif Great Britain. During which voyage, about the- 6th of September, .1778, they rose upon the master and'crew of the sloop, confined them to tile cabin, took the command'of-the vessel' and steered' for Egg .Harbour, in the state of New-Jersey. On the. 8th of September, when in' sight of'that harbour they were'pursued, and forcibly taken possession of by Captain Thdmas, Houston, commander 'of the armed brig Convention,.belon'gihgto the state of Pennsylvania, and, on the 15th 'of Septe iber, brought into the port cf Philadelphia-; -when Houston libelled the ve'ssel as prize to the Convention. A
claim.was interposed by Captain James Josiah' master of the Anrican privateer Le Gerard,who claimed alshare of the capture as having been in sight and by.agreement crailsing in concert. vith the Convcntion. A claim was aTso interlosed by Olmstead
and others for ttie whole vessel and' cargo, as- being their exclusive' prize. The.state court of.admiralty,. however, adjudged them only one fourth part, an.d decreed the residue to be divided betwen.the state and the owners of'the privateer, and the officersand crews of 'the Convention and te -e Gerard. From this seritencd Olistead and others appeai d to the. court.of commissioners'-of 'appeals in prize caises for-th United.States of America,.where, on the15th of'December, '1778, thq sentence ofthe state court was reversed, and it was ordered and adjudged that the
vWssel ind cargo should be coidemned as lawfhl prize for the use of the appellanLs,, Olmstead and, others%
and that the marshal should sell the same, and -pay the net prOceeds to them or their-agent or attorney.
Upn iecelpt of a copy of thi~s sentence, the court, of.admirhIty made the"foll6wing ordere"

XFz.UV.." S. PETEFS.

120

SUPREME COURT, U. 8.

" Thomas Houston, Esq. et al.,J

appellees,

ads.

"Gideon Olmstead,. Artimus

White, Aquilla Rumsdale,

and David Clark, appellants,
claimants of the sloop Ac- I

tive and her cargo.

J

"In the court of Admiralty, for the State of Pennsylvania.

"The court, taking into consideration the decree of the court of appeals in-this cause, reversing the
judgment or sentence of this court in the same cause, and further decreeing a condemnation of the sloop Active, he" tackle, apparel, furniture and cargo, as prize, &c. and that process of this court should issue for the sale of the said sloop, her cargo, &c. and for the .distribution of 'the moneys arising from the said sale after deducting costs, to the claimants above named, their agent or attornd; after mature
consideration' are of opinion, that, although the court of appeals have full authority to alter or set aside the decree of a judge of this .court, yet that the finding of the jury in te cause does establish the facts in the cause without re-examinaition or appeal. And therefore the verdict of the jury still sanding, and being in full force, this court cannot
issue any process, or proceed in iny manner whatsoever contradictory to the finding of the said jury. And therefore doth now decree, o.rder and adjudge, that the marshal- of this court be commanded to-
sell at public vendue at the highest price- that can be gotten for the same, the said sloop or vessel called the Active, her tackle, apparel and furniture, and the goods, wares and merchandises laden and found on board her at the tim of her capture, &c. and after
deduciing the costs and charges of the trial, condemnation and sale thereof, out of the moneys arising fr6m the said sale, that he bring the residue. thereof into court, there to remain ready to abide the further order*cf this covirt therein.

"George Raw,

" December 28th, 1778."

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

121

The finding of the jury, alluded to in the above order, was in these words:

Tuz U.
PETZS.

".Ip the cause wherein Thomas Houston is libellant, and Olmstead and others first claimants, and James Josiah second claimant, we find as follows:

1-4th of the net proceeds of the sloop Active and her cargo to the first claimants.

3-4ths or tne net proceeds of said sloop and her cargo to the libellant and to th6 second claimants, as per agreement between them.

.Nov. 4th, 1778.'

The vi.arrant which Judge Ross directed to be ,issued to the marshal to make sale of the *vessel and cargo, in pursuance of the above order, and which was accordingly issued on the 28h of December, 1778, afterreciting the proceedings in this court, and in the court of appeals, proceeds as follows : " This court therefore taking into consideration the premises, and being of opini6n that consistent with the laws of this state it cannot carry' into execution the whole of the said sentence of the ho-
nourable the court of appeals aforesaid : yet willing, so far as the said sentence appear" legal, to carry it into effect, and to prevent, as far as possible, any injurie*s or losses which the parties to this cause, or either of them, may be liable to by the vessel and cargo continuing in their present situation, do therefore hereby command you iorthwith to sell," &c. "and, after deducting the costs and charges, to bring the residue of the said moneys into court ready to abide the further order of this court." This' warrant was made returnable at a court of
admiralty to be holdrn at the judge's chambers, on-
the 7th of January, 1779.

Copies of: the above order and -warrant being

produced, on the, same 28th of December, 1778, before the court .of appeals, it was moved, on the

Vol. V.

Q

-THa U.S.
ETERS.
"

12

SUPREME COURT U. S.

part of the appellants, Olmstead and others, that , rocess might issue to the marshal of the admiralty of Pennsylvania, commanding him to e'xecute'the decree of the court of appeals; and after'. argument the case was' postponed for further argument until AMonday, 4th of January, 1779, at 5 o'clock P. M. On which day at 8 olcloc/.A. M. the court of appials being: ngain, convened at the pressinginstance and
request of the claimants Olistead and others, it was iLoved ,-ndstggested by their advocates that not-
withstanding the decree of the court of appeals, whikh had been transi-itted to the court of admiral-ty, the judge of that court had appointed the hour
of nine on that morning for the marshal to pay into court the money arisinig from the. sale of the sloop
Active .and cargo; which suggestion was supported by the oath of the registrar of the admiralty; whereupon it was prayed that an injunction might
issue from the court of appeals directed to the mar. shial of .the court of. admiralty, commanding. him to"
keep the, moaey in his banhr, until the further orde"
qfthe coirt of appeals; which injunction was aecord' ingly .granted, ,reriting -the. sentence of the court of admiralty and its reversali and the decree -by the court.qf appeals; the refusal of the judge of thecourt
of admiralty'to cause that-decree to be executed; and the motion to the court of appeals for a -rit to' the
marshal commanding him- to execute the same; the continuan., of that motion,to the 4th of January, 1779, qt .5 o'clock P. M. and the appointment of
the -hour of 9 o'ciock A.. M. of the zame day, by the special order of the judge of the c -irtofadmi-
ralty. for the marshal to -- f the money into that court, whereby the effect of the writ prayed fdr, if the court should grant it, would be eluded.

. This injunction was served upon the maralial before he paid the money into the court of admiralty; but he: disregarded it,. and paid the money over to the juidge , who gave a receipt for it.

"Whereupon the court (of appeals)Xdecfaredand ordered to be. entered on record, that s-the judge and -marshal of the court of admiralty of the state

FEBRUARY, 1809.

. 123 '

of Pennsylvania had absolutely and resoectivel ye-
fused, obedience to the decree and writ-regularly made in and issued from this court, to which .they and.each of them viere and.was botind"to pay obe.dience, this court being unwilling to enter upon any proceedings for contempt, lest consequences might ensue at this.juncture dangerous to the pubHi peace bf the United States, will not proceed further in this affair, nor hear any appeal,until 'the authority of this court be so settled as to give full efficacy
to their 'decrees and process.

Tim U. S.
pr"RL .

" Ordered that the register do prepare a state of theproceedings had Upon theidecree.of -this court,-
in thi case of the' sloop Active, in order thaf 'the commissioners may lay the same before cohigress%."

Upon the writ issued by the judge coinmandihg the marshal to sqll the vessel and cargo, and bring
the proceeds into court to abide its-further order," the marshal, on the 4th of January, 1779i returnedi. 'that in obedience to that writ he had deposited iii the court of admiralty 47,981!. 2s. 5d. Pennsylvaaiw currency, on account of the cargo of the "priieslopActive; but that the sloop remained yet unsold.

The, money was loaned to the United btates, and
the.loan-office certificates iErought into court and de-. posited in the hands of the judge, who.; on the'lst of May, 1779, delivered to David Rittenhouse, trea-
surer of the state of Pennsylvania, fifty of die cer-
tificates, -amounting .to.1 1,4961. 9s. 9&d "being the share or dividend of the state in 'right of the brig
Convention in and out of the prize sloop Acti ve, according to theverdirt of the jury -on the trial of' the' said sloop Active in the .admiralty.court 'of that state ;" at the same timi taking a b9 nd of indemnity from Mr; Rittenhouse, by the name of 1,David Rittenhouse, of the city Pf ]Philadelphia, gent." the contlition of which was that ' Whereas the said George Ross hath. this day paid. to thp shid-David Rittefi" house, treasurer of the state of.:Pennsylvdnia, fdr the use of the said state, tho sum," .kc. Now "if
he the said David Rittenhouse shall make repay-

1-21

SUPREME COURT V. S.

inz U.S. V

ment anE restitution of the said sum of 11,4961. 9s. 9d. unto the said George Ross, his executors or ad-
Siministrators, in case he the said George Ross shall hereafter by due course of law be compelled to pay the same accerding to the decree of the court of appeals in .the case of the said sloop Active; and if he the said David Rittenhouse shall and do in all things well and truly save harmless and indemnified atall times hereafter the said Geoige Ross, his heirs, executors and administrators, and his and their lands and tenements, goods and chattels of and from all damages, actions and demands which may arise or happen, for or on account of his having paid .the money aforesaid, then the above obligation to be void, or else to be and remain in full force and virtue."

The certificates were afterwards funded in the name of David Ritienhouse, and among his papers
was found a list of the old loan-office certificates, and, of the new funded stock, at the foot of which was written, in the hand writing of Mr. Rittenhouse thetiollowving memorandum:

"Note. The above certfi cates will be the property of 'the stats of PenIIs- Ivania, when the state
releases me from the bond I gave in 1778, to indemnify George Ross, Esq. judge of the admiralty, for payin g te 'flilty original certiicates into the state treasury as the stae's share of the "prize."

In the year 1801, the legislature of Pennsylvania passed an act requiring the treasulier to call upon the executrixes of Mr. Rittenhouse for the certificates bf stock, and to give them a bond of indemnity, but they refused to deliver. thtm up, being atdvised that they would not be safe in so doing.

*On the 4th .bf January, 1803, the judge of the district court for the district of Pennsylvania, pronounced the followinb final decree in the cause:
"This is the long depending case of the sloop &ctive and cargo. It Comes before me by libel

FEBRUARY, 1809.-

*125

'filed against the executors of t1ie late Mr. Ritten-
house, who received from- George Ross, Esq. then judge of the state court of admiralty, the sums mentioned in the libel, which were invested in the certi-
ficates of stock as stated therein. Mr. Rittenhouse, on ieceiving these certificates, whichi were proceeds of the sales of the said sloop and cargo, gave'a bond of indemnity to' Mr. Ross, which is now offered, livhenpavment of these proceeds is made, to be. delivered- up. The suit- is instituted for the purpose. of carrying.int 6 effect a decree of the court of appeals established under the old. cbnfederation, a copy
whereof appears among the exhibits. In the answer it is alleged that the moneys wire received for the state of Pennsylvania. In the rtplication this is
denied. in'a memorandum made by Mr. Ritten-
house, at the foot of the abcbount exhibited, it appears that he intended to 'pay over these proceeds to the state, when indemnified. .No such payment ever has been made, and the certificates and moneys are yet
in the hands of the respondents.-

TSI, U. S. V.
P TEt
-

"It appears to me that Mr. Ritten'house cbnsidered
himself,' as I conceive he was, a stakeholder, liable to' pay over -the deposit to those la*fully entitled
thereto. His executors conceibe 'themselves in the same predicament, and have declined paying over the certificates and interest. No counsel'have ap.peared, and requested to, be heard on the part.6f
the respondents,- -and 'I am left to judge fron the libel, answer, replication and exhibits which contain the state .ofthe facts. If I' should be thought mistakerl in the opinion I form on the subject, there is time and opportunity to appeal to a superior tri-
bunal.

"11 throw out of the case 'all circumstances not
immediately within my present view of the duty I have to perform. I have nothing to do 'with the ,original question, that has been. deciaed by the .court of appeals; nor does it appear to me essential
for me to determine with what intentions Mr. Rittenhouse received the certificates. The fact of the

TanVoU.S. PaTPat.

1,26

SUPREME COURT U. S.

certificates and interest being now in the hands of
the respondents is granted by them in their answer. It has been determined by the supreme court of the
United States that this court has power to effectuate the decrees of the late court of appreals in prize causes, and this court has, on several occasions, practised agreeably to that decision. There i. no doubt in my mind (the authorities in the books being clear on this'point) that the process and jurisdictioiq of this court.wiIl reach and extend over the proceeds of all ships, goods and articles" taken as lawful prize, found within the district, and legally proceeded
against therein. These proceeds are under the same legal disposition, and subject.to the same responsibility, under whatever shape they may appear, as the original thing from which they were produced. It is conceded -that the certificates and moneys in question are proceeds of the sloop and cargo in the libel mentioned." These werb decreed to the libel-
lants by thee judgment of the late court of appeals. I am, therefore, of opinion, and accordingly decree, and' finally adjudge and determine, that the certificates be transferred and delivered, -and the interest moneys paid over by the respondents to the libellants, in execution of the- judgment and decree of the court of appeals, as stated in the proceedings in
this cause, with costs. tmake it, however, a con-
dition that the bond of indemnity be cancelled or delivered to the re'pondents, on their compliance with this decree.

" RichardPeters.

"'January 14, 1803."

No further proceedings in this cause were had in the djstict court until the 18th 6f May, 1807, when, on motion of Mr. Iewis, in behalf of the libellafts,
Olmstead and others, the respondents were ruled to how cause by the next Friday why the -decree prohiounced in this cause should not be carried into execution; ind the bbnd of indemnity refirred to in the decree was filed incourt ready to be delivered

FERUARY;. og.

170'

.up, or cancelled, on; compliance with the decree by 'Pit. the respqldeflts.

nOthe bth of W¢Iay,. 1807; to which day the rule had been enlarged, the respondents appeared and .suggsted to the court,

That alter miakini'th& decree.in this case, to wit)
on the"second day of April, A. D. i863, the general
assembly of the commonwealth of, Pennsylvania
~ss'ed an act, which was then approved by the
Sgbvernor of the said commonwealth, in the following words : "An act relating to the claim of this conimonwealth against Elizabeth Serjeant'and Esther Waters, surviving executrixes of David Rittenhouse,
Esq. deceased."

* Whereas,.by an act of congress .for the erecting of tribunals competent to determine the propriety of captures during the late wae between -Great Britain. and. her then colonies, passed the 25th day 6f No-
vember, one thousands.even -hindared and.seventyfive, it is enacted, in the fourti section thereof as follows, viz. "'That it be and is hereby recom-
mended to the'several legislatures in -thd United Colonies, as soon is possible to erect iourts of jus-. tice, orgive jurisdiction to..the courts now in being for the purpose of determining concerning the cap-, tures to be made as gforesaid, .and to provide that'all tyials in such case be had by ajuryl under such quali* fications as to the respective legislatures shall seem . expedient;" and ih the sixth section-thereof as follows, viz. "That in-all cases an appeal shall be alloweltfto the congress, or to such person or persons. as they shall.appoint for the, trial of appeals."

And whereas, by. an 'act of the general assembly of Pyennsylvania, passed the 9th of September, 1778, entitled, " An act for'establishing a 'court of admiraltyP appeals were allowed from the gaid toutt in all cases, unless from the determinktion or finding of the facts by a jury, which Was under the pjirovisions of that law to be without ie-exanainatiot

128

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Ta U. 8. or appeal : And whereas, by aresolution.of congress
PETRS. of the 15th of January, 1780, it was, among other Sthings, declared, "1That trials in the'court of appeals shall be according to the law of nations, and not by jLry."

And whereas the British sloop Active, having
been captured as .prize on the high seasi in the month of September, 1778, and brought into the' port of Philadelphia, and there libelled in the court
of admiralty of the said state, held before George Ross, Esq. the then judge of the said court, on the 18th day of the shid month of September: And
whereas the libellants. then and there- against the ,aid sloop Active, Gideon Urmstead or Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla Rumsdale and David Clark, who claimed the whole vessel and cargo as their exclusive prize; Thomas Houston, master of the brigConvention; a vessel of war belonging to Pennsylvania, who claimed a moiety of the said prize for. the state of Pennsylvania, himself, and his crew; and james Josiah, master of the "ifoop Gerard;private vessel of -w- ar, who claimed one fourth part-of the said prize for himself, his oners and crew:: And whereas all the facts respecting the said capture being submitted to the said court of admiralty, and a jury then and there returned, empanhelled and sworn, a general verdict was brought in by the said jury, which was confirmed by the cotirt, vA.erehy Gideon Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla Rumsdale and David Clark, became entitled to one fourth.of :the "said prize; Thormas Houston, for himself and 'crew, became entitled to another, fourth; the state of
Pennsylvania, as owner of the vessel of war the "Convention,'to "an~ther fourth; and James Josiah, himself and owners and crew of *thesloop Gerdrd,
became, entitled to the remaining one fourth part of the- said prize: And whereas the said Gideon Olimstead, Artimus White,. Aquilla..Rumsdale and David Clark, being -dissatisfied-with the verdict and sentenc'e aforesaid, did appeal from the said court of admiralty of PennsylVania, unto the court. or committee of appeals appo'inted as aforesaid under the

FEBRUARY, 1Eo9.

129

authority of congress, notwithstanding the recommendation of congress aforesaid, of the 25th day of' November, 1775, for the appointment of courts of admi.ralty in eachof the ihen United Colonies, did expressly provide that all trials respecting capture should be had by a jury, and under such qualifications as to the respective legislatures should seem expedient, and notwithstanding the court of appeals did decide not by a jury, but by the usage of nations,
and notwithstanding the law for establishing the court of admiralty of Pennsylvania did expressly take away the right of appeal where the facts were found and determined by the intervention of a jury,
and notwithstanding the ,state was authorized at the time to make such qualification or provision, taking away th6 right of appeal in jury cases, by virtue of the recommendation of congress afore-said, which allowed and recommended the said tourts of admiralty to be established -with a jury under such qualifications as to the respective legislatures should seem expedient: And whereas the said court of appeals of the United States, on the 15th day of December, 1778, did reverse the sentence of the court of admiralty aforesaid, and did * decree the whole of the said prize to the appellants:
And whereas the judge. of the court of 'admiralty, *to wit, George Ross aforesaid, did refuse obedience to the decree of reversal, and did direct Matthew Clarkson, then marshal of the said court, to pay part of the proceeds of the said.prize, to the amount of 11,4961. 9s. 9d. Pennsylvania currency, for the .use of the -state of Pennsylvania, into the treasury of the state of Pennsylvania, whereof David Rit"tenhousewas theh treasurer, taking a bond of indemnity from the said David Rittenhouse, as treasurer as aforesaid, to save him the said George Ross, his. executors, adminiftrators, &c. harmless from the
consequenices-of such p.ayment, which bond is dated the 1st day of May, 1779: . And whereas the said George Ross dying, suit was, brought against his executors in the court of common pleas of Lancaster county, by and on the part of the appellants before named for the money whereunto they pre-

VrolV.:

R

THEU . "pErS.

ISO

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TH"V.U. S. PEITRS.

'tended title by virete of the decree aforesaicl of the
court of appeals i-eversing.the sentence of the court of admiralty, whereof the said George Rosshad
been judge: An'd wheieas it does not, appear that
the said David Rittenhouse had any notice' or in-
formtion, or"was in any legal way apprized of,*or
matle aparty to, the said suit in the court of com-
mon.pleas of Lancaster c6unty, either -inhis per-
sonal capacity, or as treasurer' of the state of Pennsylvania, so that judgment was obtained by defait against the executors of thesaid George Ross without any knowledge of the said David ,Rittenhouse, ,or his being able to take anyi measures on belalf. of
himself 'or the state 9 f Pennsylvania to pievent the same: And whereas, ii consequence of the judgm ent so obtained in the said court of common pleas of Lancaster county, againit the executors of the said George Ross, 'the said- executors" brbught suit against, the said David Rittenhouse, which, in the .' ar one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-two,
-in the term -of April of the same year, was heard and determined in the supreme 'court of P'eniisylvania, (on a case stated for the opinion of the court, after verdict, taken for the plaintiff, subject to that opinion,) by Thomas M'Keani cbi&f .justice, and, others, th& judges of the said couirt, who, among other things thereunto relating, did decree and determine that the reversal, as before mentioned, had and made in the court of algpeals, was contTary to the'provisions of the act of congress r commending the establishmeht: 6f . courts of.admiralty, and of the general. assembly of the st;.te of Pennsylvania, in their act for the establishment of the said court, and was extrajudicial, erroneous and void, and that the court' of cQmmon pleas of .thbe couhty-of Lancaster was. incompetent to carry into effect the decree of the court of appeals, and thai the: judge of the court of admirilty aforesaid, George Ross, was not liable to an action iI, a court of-law for distribiting money *according to his decree, as judge of the said court.: And wheieas at the second session of the, third congress of the United Sttes, held: at the, city of Phila'delphia, in the month of

FEBRUARY, 1809.

131

December, one thousand, seven hundred and ninety- Tar U. S. three, it was proposed, as an amendment to the v.
constitution of the United States, that the judicial power of the United States shall not be 'construeai
to extend to any suit, in law or equity, commenced or -prosecuted against.one of the United States by citiiens of another state, or by citizens or subjectp
of any foreign state, which, having been adopted by the requisite number of itates, agappears by the communication, to congress of the then president, John Adams, to this purpose, of-January the eighth, one thousand, seven hundred and ninety-eight, did become a part of the constitution'of the United States And whereas, on the twenty-seventh day of May, one thousand, eight hundred and. two, the said Gideon Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla Rumldale and David Clark, by.their attorney, William Lewis, Esil. did file a -bill' in the district court of the United -
States, at Philadelphia, for the district of- Pennsylvania, before Richard Peters, judge of the said court,
against Elizabeth Serjeant and Esther Waters. surviving executrixes 6f David Rittenhouse afore-: sa*dT, deceased, for the recqvery of the moneys, with interest, so paid into the hands of -the said David Rittenhouse by Matthew Clarkson; marshal of the
admiralty court aforesaid, as proceeds of the prize, the brig Active so captured as- aforesaid; and bk, tle said ^David Rittenhouse and his executrixes aforesaid formerly aid still retained: And whereas, in the. answer of the said Elizabeth" Serjeant iind Esther WVaters to the bill aforesaid, it sufficiently and substantially appears,;that the said money was originally received by the said David Rittenhouse, and was by him detained, as treasurer of the .coni-
monwealth of Pennsylvania, which commonwealth was, and still is, interested in, and a claimant of, the same, iander the decree of the said George Ross, asjudge of the court 6f admiralty in manner..as herein before stated; And whereas the said Richard Peters, jddge of the said district court, on the bill, answer
and replication *so filed by and between, the said Gideon" Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla Rumsdale and David Clark, of the one part, against Eli-

SUPREME .COURT V. S.
Tui ti. S. zabeth Serjeant and Esther Waters, executries an
.-- aforesaid,- did, on the-.fourteenth day uf January, 6ne thousand, eight hundred and three, .proce*ed to decree as follows,'viz. "This is the long depending case -of the sloop Active and cargo," &c. All which legal proceedings herein before statea, 'will more fully and at large appear on reference to the
records of the respective courts wherein the game wqre had: Therefore it hath become necessary for the general assemrbly of Pennsylvania, as guardians of the rights and interests of this commonwealth, and to prevent any future infringements on the same, to declare, that the jurisdiction entertained by the court or committee of appeals, over the decree of George Ross, as judge of the court of admiralty of Pennsylvania, in the suit where the claimants bf the brig Active, as prize,, were the libellants, as h,:rein before stafed,.was illegally usurped and exercised, in contradiction to the just rights of Pennsylvania, and the proper jurisdiction of the court of admiralty established as aforesaid, undef the au-. thoritv of this state, and that the reversal of the decree of the said George Ross,.-in that suit, was null and void; that the jurisdiction entertained by Richard Peters, judge of the district court aforesaid, -in the suit of, Gideon Olmstead, Artimus White, Aquilla Rumsdale and David Clark against Elizabeth Seijeant and Esther Waters, surviving executrixes of David Rittenhouse, deceased, was illegaliy usurped and exercised; that the rights of
this commonwealth, as a claimant, and as the party substantially interested, in the said suit, though apparent on the face of the proceedings, were unfairly passed -nver and set aside; that the said David Rittenhouse was not and ought not to have been
considered in the light of a mere stakeholder, but as the treasurer and agent of this commonwealth, and that the jurisdiction and decree of. the said Richard Peters herequ were entertained and made in manifest opposition to, and violation of, the last amendment of the constitution of the Unitea States erein before stated, and ought not to be supported or 'obeyed. Therefore, '

FEBRUARY, 189.

Sect. 1. Be it enacted by thd senate and house of TE
representativesof thecommonwealth of Pennsylbvyanthiae, P frl'generalassembly met, anditishereby enacted authority of the same, that the governor of this corn.m6nwealth be authorized, and he is hereby authorized and required, to direct the attorney-general of this commonwealth, to apply without delay to Elizabeth Serjeant and Esther Waters, executrixes as aforesaid, and require them forthwith to pay into the treasury of this commonwealth, the moneys by them admitted to have been received in respect of the premises, in their answer to the bill so as aforesaid filed against them, in the district court of Pennsylvania, before Richard Peters, judge of the said court, without regard to the decree of the said Richard Peters herein, and in default thereof by the said Elizabeth Serjeant'and Esther Waters, to direct.
the, said attorney-general to bring suit in the name of the commonwealth, in the proper court of this commonwealth, against the said Elizabeth Serjeant and Esther Waters, for tlhe moneys-'aforesaid, and proceed as speedily as the course of legal proceedings will permit, to enforce the recovery and pay- Ment theteof into the treasury of this commonwealth.

V. S.
7- .

Seet. 2. And be it further enactedby the authority aforesaid,that the governor of this commonwealth
be authorized and re .uired, and he is hereby authotized and required; to protect the just rights of the state, in respect of the premises, by any further
means and measures that he may deem necessary for the purpose, ani also to protect the persons and properties of the said Elizabeth Serjeant and Esther
Waters 'from any process whatever issued'out of any-federal court in consequence of their obedience to the requisition, so as aforesaid directed to he made to them by the attorney-general of this commonwealth, and hi the name of this commonwealth
to give to the said Elizabeth Serjeant and Esther Waters a sufficient instrument of indemnification, in case of their payment of the moneys aforesaid, in compliance with this act, without suit brought

TnE u. S.
PETVER.S.

134

SUPREME COURT U. S.

against tnem on Tne part of this commonwealth for" the recovery of the same.

Simon Snyder, spleaker of the house of representatives.

Robert Whitehill, speaker of the senate.

Approved, April 2, 1803.

Thomas M'Kean, governor of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania.

That they, the defendants, being required by pro. per authority to pay. into the treasury of the said
commonwealth the moneys admitted to have been
received as ,executrixes of David Rittenhouse, Esq. in manner aforesaid, did, on the 19th day of July,
18Q3, transfer to the treasurer of the commonwealth the certificates of ttock abovementioned, and on the 29th of July, 1803,- pay into the treasury of the commonwealth the -moneys by them, received as aforesaid, in obedience to the said act of the general assembly, and to the requisition made under it.

The defendants respectfully' further suggest, that the said certificates and money were received ly their said testator, as the treasurer and officer of the said commonwealth, as appears by the bond' of the said David Rittenhouse, given on the receipt thereof, filed in this court by the libellants, the 22d of May. inst.; and that the 'same came to their
hands, as his representatives, after such receipt: And, it being expressly insisted by the said act of the general .asseniblv, that the said commonwealth had and has a right~to the said certificates and money, and these defendants having, -as aforesaid, obeyed the requisition of the said act, these defend-
ants sugges't that the said decree of this honourable court,-ought not to be executed, nor any process issued .thereupon.against thEm.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

135*

The- defendants -respectfully further suggest that Taz UU.

the said decree of this honourable court was pro-

.

nounced, so far as respects. the claims, rights and

interests of the said commonwealth of Pennsyl"

vania, exparte, and without jurisdiction.

Ybhn Serjeant, attorneyjfor dfendants.

After this suggestion,. nothing appears, to have been done until- the application to this court at Feblruarv term, 1808, when the motion was made for a rule on the judge to show -cause why a mandamus should not. issue commanding him to issue an-attahmenti or-other proper process, to enforce
obedience to his sentence,- as before mentioned.

At this -term, Rodney, (attorney-general,) Lewis, and F. S. -Key, of- counsel for Olmstead and others, submitted the return of the mandamus to the consideration of the court-without argument.

February 20.
MARSHALL,' Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the
cofirt as follows: -

With great attention, and with serious concern, the court has considefed the return made by thejudge for the district of Pennsylvania to ,the mandamus directing him to execupe the senience pronounced by him in -the case, of Gideon Olmstead and athirs'v. RiitenhousesExecutrixes,or to show cause
for not so doing.' The cause shown is an"act of th6 legislature of Pennsylania,- passed sdbseciuent to. the rendition of his. senterce. This act authorizds
and requires the governor to demand, for the use of the state of PNnnsylvania, the money which -had be~n decreed to Gideon Olmstead and others; and which was in the hands of the 6xecutrixes of David Rittenhouse; and, in default of payment, to direct
the attorney-general to institute a-suit for-the ie.covery. thereof. 'I his act further authoizes and. requires the-governor to use any further means he

136

SUPREME COURT U. Si

THPV U1. S. maythink necessaryI 'for the protection of what it
PETiRs. denominates :1the just rights of the state," and also
~ to protect the persons and- properties of the said
executrixes of David Rittenhouse, deceased, against any 'process whatever, issued out of any federal court in consequence of their obedience to the requisition of the said act.

If the -legislatures of the several states may, at will, annul the judgments of the courts of the United States, and destroy the rights acquired under those judgments,'the constitution itself becomesa soiemn mockery; and- the nation is deprived of
the means of enforcing its laws by the instrtimentalitv of its own tribuna1s. So fatal a result must be deprecated by all; and the people of Pennsylvania, not less than the -citizens of every other state, must feel a deep interest in resisting principles so. destructive of the union, and in averting consequences so
fatal to themselves.

The act in question does not, in terms, assert the universal right of the state to interpose in every case.
whatever; but assigns, as a motive for its.interposition in this particular case, that the sdntence, the execution of which it prohibits, was rendere& -inka cc use over' which the federal courts 'have no juri-
diction.

If the ultimate right to determine the jurisdiction of the courts of'the union is placed by the constitution in the several state legislatures, then this act concludes the subject; but if that- power necessarily resides in the supreme judicial tribunal of the nation, then the jurisdiction of the district court of Pennsylvania, over the case in which that'jurisdiction 'was exercised, ought to be most deliberately examined; and the 'ct -of Pennsylvania, With whatever respect it may be considered, cannot be permitted to preju-
dice the question.

In the early part of the war between the United States and':Great Britain, Gideon Olmstead and

FEBRUARt, 1809..

137

others, citizens of Connecticut, who- say. they had been carried to Jamaica as prisoners, were employ-
ed as part of the crew of the stoop Active, bound from Jamaica to New-York, and laden with a cargo for the use of the British army in that place. Oh
the voyage they seized the vessel, confined the captain, and sailed for Egg Harbour. In sight of that place, the Active was captured by the Convention,
an armed ship belonging to the state of Pennsylvania, 'brought into port, libelled and condemned as 'prize to the captors. From this sentence Gideon
Olmstead and others, who claimed the vessel and
cargo, appealed to 'the court of appeals established by congress, by which .tribunal the senten'ce of con-
demnation was reversed, the Active and her cargo condemned as prize to the claimants, and process
was directed to issue out of the court of. admiralty,
.commanding the marshal of that court to sell the said vessel and cargo, and to pay 'the net proceeds to the claimants.

THa U. 5'
PE-,'TVEI.LS.

The mandate.of the appellate court was produced in the inferior court, the judge of which admitted the general jurisdiction of the couit established b'y congress, ab an appellate cotirt, but denied its power to control the*verdict of a jury whicfi 'had been rendered in favour et the captors, the officers and crew of the Convention; and therefore refused obedieie to the mandate: 'but directed the marshal to make the sale, and, after deducting charges, to bring the residue'of the money into court, subject to its future order.

The, claimants then alplied to the judges- of aipeals, for an injunction to prohibit the marshal froni,
payiing the money, arising from 'the sales,'intto the court of admiralty; which was awarded, and s rved upon him: in contempt of which, on 'the 4th of January, 1778, he paid the money to th judge, who acknowledged the receipt thereof at the foot of the marshal's return.

On the 1st of May, 1799, George Ross, the judge

Vol. %r.

S

138

SUPRJSME COURiT U. S.

'a U. S. .of the court of admiralty, delivered to David Rito

PTE TS.

tenhouse, who was then treasurer of the state of
~ Pennsylvania, the sum of 11,4961. 9s. 9d. in loah-
office' certificates; 'which was the proportion of the prize money to..which that state would have been entitled, had the sentence of the courwf admiralty rdmained in force. On the same day, David. Wgitten-
houde executed a bond of indemnity to George Ross, in which, after reciting that the money -was paid to him for the use of the state of Pennsylvania, he
binds himself to repay the same, should the said George' Ross be thereafter comfelled, by due course of law, to pay that sum according to the decree of the court of appeals.

These loan-office certificates were in the name ot Matthew Clarkson, who was marshal of the court
of admiralty, and were dated the 6th of INovember, 1778; *Indents were issued on them' to David Rittenhouse, and the whole principal and interest were afterwards funded by him, in his own name, under the act of congress making provision for the debt of the United States.

Among the papers of David Rittenhouse was a memorandum, made by himself at the foot of a list of the certificates mentioned above, in these words : " Note. The .bove certificates will be the property of the state of Pennsylvania, when the state releases
me from the bond I gave in 1778, to indemnify George 'Ross, Esq. judge of the admiralty, -for paying the 50 original certificates into the. treasury, as
thd'state's share of the prize."

The state did not release David Rittenhouse fro i
the lVond mentioned in. this memorandum. These certificates remained in (he'private possession of David lRitteihouse, who drcw the interest on them during
his life-, and after his 'death they remained in possession of his representatives; against whom the libel
in this case was filed, for the purpose of carrying into execution the decree of the court of appeals.

FEBRUARY 1809.

19

-While this suit was depending, the state of Pennsylvania forbore to assert its title, and, in January,
1803, the court decreed in favour of the libellants; soon itfter which, the legislature passed the act which has'been stated.

TiE U. S.. pv-.
_V_";

It is contended that the federal courts were de-
prived ofjurisdiction, in this cause, by that amendment of the constitution which exempts states from being sued in those courts by individuals. This amendment ddclares, "that .the judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit, in law or equity,' commenced or pt'osecuted against one of thv United States by citizens
f another state, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign state."

The right of a state to assert, as plaintiffs any interest it may have in a subject, which forms the matter of controversy, between individuals, in one of the courts of the United States, is not affected by this amendment; 'nor*-can it be so construed as ..to oust the court of its jurisdiction, should such claim be suggested. ' The amendment- simply provides, that no suit shall be commenced or prosecuted
against a state. The state cannot be made a defendant to a suit brought by' an ihdividual; but it re-
mains the duty of the courts of the Unite4 States to decide all cases brought before them by citizens of one state against citizens of a different state, where a state. is not necessarily a defenaant, In this case, the suit *as not instituted against the state or its treasurer, but against the executrixes of David Rittenhouse, for the proceeds of a-vessel condemned 'ifx
the court of adtniralty, which were admitted to be' -in their possession. .If these proceeds had been the actual 1r6perty of Pennsylvania, however wrongfully acquired, the disclosure of that fact would have presented a ease on which it was' unnecessary to give an opinion; but it certainly can never be alleged, that a mere suggestion of title in a state to property, in possession of an individual, must arrest the proceedings of the court, and' prevent their.

140

.SUPREME COURT U. S.

THEVU. . S. loohing into tme suggestion, and exniining the vaP.Tzas. lidity of the title.

If the suggestion in this case be examined, it is
-deemed perfectly clear that no title whatever-to the certifcates in.-question was vested in the state of Pennsylvani

By the highest judicial-authority of the nation it has been long since decided, that'the court of ap-peals erected by,congress had full authbrity ta re-
vise and correct the sentences of the courts of admiralty of the several states,.in prize catises. That question, therefore, is at rest. Consequently, the decision of -the court of appeals in this case annul-
led the sentence of the courtof admiralty~atid extin-. guished the interest of the state of Pennsylvania in the Active and her.cargo, which was acquired by that' sentence. The full right to that property was immediately vested in the claimants, who might rightfully pursue it, into whosesoever hands it might come. These certificates,' in the hadds. first, of Matthew "Clarkson, the marshal, and afterwards of. George Ross, the judge, of the court of admiralty, were the al golute property'of the claimants. Nor did they change their chuxacter on coming into the possession of David Rittenhouse.

-Althoughi Mr. Rittenhouse was treasurer of the
state of Pennsylvania, and the bond of indemnity which he executed states the money to have b.den paid to him for the use. of-the state of Pennsylvainia, it is apparent that he hld them in his own right, until he shbuld be-completely indemnified by
the state. 'The evidence to this point is conclusive.
'I he original certificates do not appear to'have been deposited in the state treasury, to have been designated in any manner as the -property of the state, or to have been delivered over to the successor of David Rittenhouse, They remained in his posses-
sion. The indents, issued upon them for interest, were drawn by David Rittenhouse, and preserved
with the original certificates. When funded as

FEBRUARY, m186.

141

part of the debt of the United States, they were TuE 'U. 8.
funded by David Rittenhouse, and the interest was PZTERS. drawn by him. The 'note made'by himself at the foot of the list, jvhich he preserved, as explanatory of the whole transaction, demonstrates that he held the certificixtes'as security against the bond he had. executed to George Ross; 'and that bond was obligatory, not on 'the state of Pennsylvania, but on David Rittenhouse, in his private capacity.

These circumstances demonstrate, beyond the possibility of doubt, that the property, which repre-
sented the Active'and her cargo, was.-.( possession, noi of the state of Pennsylvania, but of David Rit*tenhouse as an individual; after whose-death it passed, like other property, to his representatives.

Since, then, the state of Pennsylvania had neither possession of, nor right to,'the property on which
the sentence of the district court was pronounced, and since.the suit was neither commenced nor prosecuted against that state, there remains no pretext fpr the allegatiofi that the-case is within that amendment of the constitution which has been cited; and,
consequently, the state of Pennsylvania can possess no constitutional right -to resist the legal process which may be;directed in this cause.

It-will be readily conceived that the order which this court is -enjoined to make by the high obligations of duty and of law, is not made without extreme regret at the necessity which has induced the
application. But it is a olenin duty, and therefore must be performed. A peremptory mandamus muwt be awardrd.

284

SUPREME COURT U. S.

YATVO. X The following sentence was then pronounced by M., . s, the court:

Thii cause came onto be heard on the transcript of the record, and was argued by coun sel; on con-
sideration whereof' the court is of opinion, that an appeal from the sentence of a court of admiralty brings the whole case before the appellate court unaffected by the sentence of condemnation from which the appeal is made, and that a sentence
of condemnation cannot be pronounced on account of a forfeiture which accrued under a law not in force at the' time of pronouncing such sentence, un-
less, by some statutory provision, the right to en-
force such forfeiture be preserved.

The court is, therefore, of opinion, that the sen.tence pronounced in this cause by the circuit court of
the district of Maryland, affirming the sentence of the judge of the district court in this cause, be reversed.
and annulled; and the court, proceeding to pronounce the proper sentence, doth direct that th libel be dismissed, and the property libelled be re-
stored to the- claimants, they paying the duties thereon if the same have not been already paid.

And, on the motion of the attorney-general, it is
ordered to be certified that in the opinion of this court, there was probable cause of seizure.

THE UNITED STATES v. POTTS AND OTHERS.

perRolmSadloco=p. THIS was a case certified from the circuit court or uOl1, for the district of Maryland. The uestion upon

he edge," are which the judges'of that court differed in opinion

not liable to

duties, altho' was,

imported uni-

der the deuo. of

Whether round copper bottoms turned up at the

mMInation

ra cd Lot- edge are liable to the payment of duty within the

orm.'"

meaning of the several acts of congress.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

285

Th following facts were admitted, viz. that the defendants imported a .certain quantity of round copper plates, under the denomin~tioh "fat bottoms ;" round copper plates turned up at the edges, under the denomination of "raised bottoms;" and square and oblong copper plates, under the denomination of" sheets." That the round copper plates, and the round copper plates turned up at the edge, are never used, nor imported for use in the form in which they are imported, although they are capable of being used, but not with convenience or advantage, in that form; but are worked up by the manufacturers in this country into vessels of use after importation.' That
the round copper plates, as well as the square copper
plates, are cut from large sheets which are made by 'pressure under a roller, but are ever imported in the size or .shape in which they come' from tfie roller. That it is a great convenience and saving to the manufacturer here that the sheets of copper should come in a round rather than in a square shape, avoiding great waste by clipping and repeat&dheats. That all the said articles are sold and
bought by weight, and the same price paid for the
round plates, and the -round plates turned up at the edges, as for the square or oblong plates. That
the round copper plates turned up at the edge are raised at the edge from four to five inches. That
copper plates of this description are sold for elgh-
teenpence sterling per pound, and that copper wrought up into vessels or implements of any kind, are sold at two shillings and fourpence to two shillings and sixpence per pound. That there is no
copper imported into this country, under the denomination of plates; but that the square and oblong
plates, 'vhich are commonly called copper plates,
and are admitted to be free of duty, are imported
under the denomination of sheets.

TnE U. S.
PoTTS..
-

Earper,for the defendants.

This case differs from that of the UnitedStates v. Kid & Watson, 4 Cranclh, 1. in one circumstance only. In that case it does not appear but that the

TaU U. S. ..
:=

286

SbPREM2- COURT V. S.

copperplates turned-up at the edge wbre impejtect · under the denomination of cooper plates, ana -the
jury expressly fodnd that they came under that descriptioi. But in the present case they were inported tinder the denomination of "raised bog-

The real 'question is, whether these raised bottoms :re to be considered as manufactured copper, or as much a raw material as plain copper plates.
The acts of congress on this subject are all to be construed together. They are the act of July, 4, 1789., c. 2. Os-wald's edit. Laws U. S. vol. 1. p. 21. The act of loth of August, 1790,'§ 1. Laws U.5S. vol. 1. p. 251. The act of Mlay 2, 1792, § 2. Laws U. S. vol. 2. p. 71. And the act of June 7, 1794, Laws U. S. vol. 3.p. 108
Rodney, Attorn'ey.General.
In the case of the United States v. Kid & Watson, the jury having fbund that the articles imported came under the description of copper in plates, there was nothing left for judicial decision.
But a question of revenue ought not to bc left to the caprice, or misunderstanding of juries. It aught not to "be left to the different customs or names used in different ports of the United States. The decisions on this subject ought to be uniform, and they can only be made so by the opinion of this court.
The case was submitted without argument.
.March 7.
MARSHALL; Ch. J. -delivered the opinion of the court to the following effect:
The opinion of this court is, that copper plates turned up 'at the edge are exempt Irom duLy, al-
6

FEBRUARY 18o9:

287

though imported under the denomination of raised THZ U, S.

bottoms.

07S.

,It appears to'have - een the policy of the United
States to distinguish between raw and manufactured
copper. From the facts stated, the copper in ques-" tion'cannot be deemed manufactured copper within the intention of the legislature.

The opinion certifie-d to the court below was, that round copper bottoms turned up at-the edge are not iiabe to the payment of duty Withintfe meaniag .t the several acts of congress.

RUSH . PARKER!

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Thseoartwl

give thne~to

Marylanci, in an action of replevin.

gtt.e affirm-

vits as to tlq

Z P. Boyd, for the defendant in error,-contended, matte r'" if that the replevin bond being in the penal sum of pute. 1,200 dollars only, was conclusive evidence that the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, did not amount
to 2,000 dollars, and .consequently this court has tio
jurisdiction in the case.

M'tartin, contra, stated that he did not know till yestcrday that this point would be made in the cause, and prayed time to show by affidavits the real value
pt the matter in dispute. Whiqh.

The court granted.

LIVINGSTON, J. thought that leave ouight not to be given, on account of the delay it would produce. He had found a practice established here of rec.-i.Vo ing such affidavits; but he did not know of any case in which time had beci given to produce thim;, and he would nor consent to give it now. The cast: wa.

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

191

was not bound to give a construction of the answer of Captain David Young to the second interrogatory df the plaintiff below, is requested by the jury; and that it would be improper in this court to determine whether the inferior court ought or ought not to have granted the motion of the defend, ants below for a new trial, upon the ground that the verdict was contrary to evidence.

MA.t.iCo. v
YoIyo;

The judgment below is to be affirmed with costs,

BODLEY AND OTHERS v. TAYLOR.

ERROR to the district court 6f the United In Kentuak\,

States, for the district of Kentucky, in a suit in chan- it is a good.
Sground fequi.

cery

table. jurisdic-

tdioefne,ndtahnaitt hthise
Thomas Bodley, James Hughes, Robert Poague obtained a pr-

arid Robert Campbell, citizens of Kentucky, brought or patent for their bill in cthhhaaenniccebrriyyl inaagaaiinnsst Joohhn TTaayloor,, a cciitiizzeen ltead ctoomwphlaiicnh-

of Virginia, in the .tate court for the district of ant had the Washington, from whence it was afterwards, by better right
Yudrtesta-
consent, removed into the federal court for the dis- tote respecting

trict of Kentucky.

'lands; and in exercising

that jurisdie-
The bill states that on the 17th of October, 178, 7twiillctnedeccidoeurt

Henry Crutcher and John Tibbs made the follow- in conformit-

ing entry with, the county surveyor, "viz. " Henry twieidth ptrhinecipsleets-

Crutcher and John i ibbs enters ten thousand acres e a court of

of land on i treasury warrant No. 18,747. as tenantsjEcnhtarniceesryo.r land

in common; beginning at a large black ash and in Kentucky; small buckeye marked thus (I T.) on the side of a mreuasstohhnaavbee tthrartat

buffalo-road leading from the lower blue licks a reasonable h
north-cast course, and about seven miles north-east would enable by east from the said blue licks, a corner of an 'en- a subsequent
try of twenty thousand acres made in the name the exercise of John Tibbs, John Clarke, John Sharpe, David ooffadujueddgemgreenet
Blanchard and Alexander M'Clain, running thence and diligencet

with the said

Tibbs & Co.'s

line

due

east

sixteen

toownloclaanteds

his on

SUPREME COURT U. S.

3o3DLEY hundred poles, thence south one thousand' poles9 TAYLOR. thence west sixteen hundred poles, thence north one
,.. thousand poles to the beginning for quantity." Thht 1rehseiduuamd.jacent the same having been surveyed, Crutcher assigned rif theetry be his half to Robert Rutherford, to whom and Wil-

placed on a Ioughby Tibbs, (the heir, of John Tibbs,) a patent road at a .-er was afterwards granted. Tibbs sold his right to
tain distance
from a given Peyton, who sold a moiety thereof to Magill. Ru-thoeOitrboya-ddhipcahs- therford, Peyton and Magill, sold and conveyed ses, -the dis. the whole for a valuable, consideration to the plantcoumppuitsedto lbye tiffls, , by deed dated February 15, 1799.

the meanders
of the road That the defendant Taylor having, on the 29d of not byea May, .1780, made the following entry with the

If the entry le county surveyor, viz. " John Taylor enters three

of a settlement thousand- acres of land upon a treasury warrant ad-

and pre-emp-...

tion to a tract joining John Walden, on the north side of Johnson's

of land ly!lg fork of licking, onstthsiede cast and south-'ast sides,
on the eaS

of a road, the running up and down said creek, and north for

400 pores al 'quantity, to include an improvement made by Jacob

settlement lowed-for the Drennorf and Simon Butler," has caused the same

right must be to be surveyed expressly contrary to location, and so

surveyed ' en-
tirely on the as to

interfere with your orator'

.claim aforesaid;

cast side of the and having obtaineda patent older than that obtained

roadoand in the said Rutherford and Tibbs, notwithstanding

the fotm of a Y

T~ owtsadn

qe

' he knows his claim is surveyed contrary to location,

The call for and although requested, he refuses to convey to the

the vettlement

right is wefi. plaintiffs. The prayer of the bill was, that the de-

Vciuetntthlyeccearltlaitno,r%fendant should c6nvey to the plaintiffs so much of

thepr.emltio, the land included in the defendant's patent as interiight is too fered with the plaintiffs' patent; and for general re-
vkague andmust.
be :ejerted. " lief.
A defeidantin
e dityhpnahs The defendant by his answer denied the jurisdic-

tent for land tion of the court, as a court of equity, because the.

not ineludedisn piff

stated in their bill no equitable ground of

his entry, but.

.s

*coveredby the' relief. He avers his ignorance of the plaintiffs' ti-

.eeonmtrpyl,aiwnailfli,tsb' e tie,-"and t"hat- he did, no·t kno,w u- n"til within a few days

iecreed locon- then past, the mode- in which his own location or

vey it to the survey was made. Thaf he had employed one Ameomplaiunuts, brose Walden to cause them to be located. He plainants will Tut" the com- denies all fraud in making his survey. He avers not ho r9- that he was a bond ide purchaser for a full and
quired t9 convey to the de-

FEBRUARY, 1809.

193

valuable consideration, prior to the title claimed by the plaintiffs. That no caveat' was entered against his survey. That he regularly obtained his patent. That a considerable part of his land has been cleared and settled. That 20 years have elapsed since the entry. That the land-marks and geographical objects which were at that time visible, have been changed, altered or destroyed by time.
He contends that if he has surveyed and obtained
a grant for lands not described in his entry, and which he had no right to survey, he ought not to be compelled to convey them to the plaintiffs, unless they will convey to him what he had a right to survey, and which they have surveyed, and for which they have obtained a patent.. That the plaintiffs' entries cover almost all the lands which the defendant could have surve'yed under his entry. That by the plaintiffs' delay the defendant has lost the power to locate his warrants elsewhere, if they are improperly located, which he denies.

BODLEY TAYL'O.
fendant the
land whihl
the have obfcoorv, ewrehdicbihywtahse defendanis Co-
try, h'It whilh, by mistake he omitted to sur.
vCy.

He states that his entry was dependent on John
Walden's, which depended upon Ambrose Walden's, which depended upon Jacob Johnson's. That Jacob Johnson's was first surveyed by the surveyor who surveyed the entries of the Waldens, and of the defendant. That although Jacob Johnson's survey was afterwards suppressed, yet that-did not alter the actual location of the two Waldens and of the defendant. That h~s survey is correctly made ac~ording to the laws of Virginia when it was made, and while Kentucky was part of Virginia, and that by
the same laws, and the compact- between Virginia and Kentucky, at the time of separation, his prior
patent, founded upon a prior equity, and obtained
without fraud, cannot be vacated.

A survey and connected plat was made under an order of the court, and according to the directions of each party.

A jury came, according to the custom of Ken.

Vol. V.

11b

30 DLFY TAYL o.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
tucky in chancery suits, and being sworn to inquire of such facts as should. be submitted to them, found the following facts, viz. That the place designated on the connected plat. by the letter A. is the place called for.as the beginning corner of John Tibbs & Co2s entry of 20,000 acres, dated July 31, 1783, on the buffalo-road leading from the lower blue licks to Limestone, which corner is also the beginning of an entry of 10,000 acres made the 17th of October, 1783, in the names of Henry Crutcher and John Tibbs, under which the complainants claim; copies of which entries are annexed to their verdict.
The following. facts were agreed by the parties, viz.
2. That the entry of 20,000 acres in the name of John Tibbs and others, and a survey made thereon, for 16,000 acres on the 8th of June, 1796, were assigned to the complainant Bodley, who obtained a patent therefor in his own name dated 21st of April, 1798, and afterwards conveyed one undivided moiety thereof to the complainant Hughes, by deed duly recorded.
3._That the entry of 10,000 acres was made on the 17th of October, 1783, in the name of Henry. Ctutcher and John Tibbs, surveyed i4th Mlarch, 1784, registt red 31st December, 1784, and patented in the names of Robert Rutherford, assigne of Henry Crutcher, and Willoughby Tibbs, heir at law of John Tibbs, deceased, 26th August, 1790, was purchased by Bodley 26th September, 1798, and conveyed to all the complainants jointly by deed duly recorded, dated the 15th of February, 1799. '1 h,,t the defendant's sur'vey of 3,000 acres was-made on the ist of September, 1785, registered the 1st of November, 1785, and a patent obtained therefor dated 21st of November, 1786.
4. That' the grants issued by the register of the Vlrginus land-office do not bear regular dates agree-* ably to the times the surveys were returned, but in

FEBRUAIIY,- 1809.

195

manv instances, the elder patent has issued on surveys returned several months alter surveys on in-
terfering claims were registered.

BbPV.T. Ey
TAYLR.

5. That the surveys of Jacob Johnson's settlement
·and pre-emption, as stated to hav-r been surveyed in "the defendant's first fact, (hereafter stated,) were made by the direction of Simon Kentojn, his agent, -who was also locator of the claims w'hich. call to adjoin the said Johnson's surveys, and were never
admitted to record.

6. That Ambrose Walden's survey Vas made on the 29th of Novembe-r, 178k, John Walden's the 27th of December, 1785, and Jacob Johnson's settlement and pre-emption, as represented on the connected plat by lines thus, (000,) was made-on- the 9th of April, 1789, registered and patents issued thereon to John Reed and Arthur Fox, assignee of
Johnson, dated the 20th of February, 11-931

7. That more than one entry and survey has been made on almost all the good land in the state of Kentucky.

8. That the several claims, water-courses, im. provements, objects and distances laid down on the connected plat, reported by the surveyor, are -truly laid down and reported.

F actm for the defendant.

1. That the settlement and pre-emption of Peter Joflnson, heir at lawk of Jacob Johnson, after being entered with the survey.jr, were actually run out and surveyed as designattd on the connected plat by the. letters and figures M. N. 2 & 3. that the said sur veys were'made by a surveyor legally qualified to make the same, prior to the dates of the-atixvey6 made for Ambrose Walden, John Walden, and the.
defendant.

2. That the land surveyed for' the said. Peter

lIOUV LPY TAYLOR.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
Johnson, upon the said right of pre-emption, there are now 300 acres of cleared, land, upon the said survey of Ambrose Walden 200 acres, upon John Walden's 400,. and upon the defendant's 300 acres of cleared land.

3. That on the 22d of May, 1780, the land on which the entries of Johnson, Ambrose Walden, John Walden and the defendant, were made, was un-
cultiyated, and the country for fifty or sixty miles on all'sides without an inhabitant, except Indians, by whom it was much infested, and only occasionally visited by hunters and land-jobbers.

4. That on the 22d of May, 1780, and prior thereto, there were many cabins, marked trees, huriting camps and improvements then plain and notorious on Johnson's fork, and the other branches of
licking, of.which there remain now no traces, and which are now wholly incapable of proof as to what was their exact position.

5. That since that time a great change has taken
place in the appearance of the country generally round, and at the place where the defendant's entry lies. That the country is now thickly settled, and in high cultivation. That great changes have taken place
in the names of streams, roads and other objects, and that few of those who frequented that part of this country in the year 1780, are now alive.

6. That the complainants, Bodley and Hughes,
assignees of Tibbs & Co. are the proprietors ot the 16,000 adjoining th" 10,000 acres in the bill mentioned.

7. That the cabin represented on the connected plat as Jacob Drennon's is the improvement called for in his certificate for a pre-emption, which was cluimed for him before the -ommissioners by Simon Kenton, who also located the complainants' claim of
3,000 acres.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

8. That the place designated o·Vn the .plat, on the
south side of Johnson's fork as a cabin, represents a abin built prior'to the first of May, 1780, by Simon Kenton, otherwise called Simon Butler and Jacob Drennon.

BoDLi TAY pi.

It was also agreed between the parties that on. and before the 21st of February, "1780,the.lower blue licks were generally and notoriou'sly known by
the appellations" the blue licks," and" the lower blue. licks," and that the road on which the comolainantit claim their beginning was then generally and notoriously known by the name of the upoer road.

That the three .buffalo-roads laid down' upon the connected plat, in. February, 1780, "aiid before, led from the lower blue licks as represented.

That upon any reasonable plan of surveying the defendant's entry of 3,000 acres, it would he covered by the younger entries of 10,000, and 16,000 acres, the property, of the plaintiffs, and would include land of equal or better quality than that which it now covers.

That the land in dispute is of more value than 2,000 dollars.

The following are the entries made by the parties respectively, viz.

"January 7th, 1780.

"Peter Johnson, heir at law of Jacob Johnson, deceased, this day claimed ,a settlement and .pre-
emption to a tract of land in the district of Kentucky, lying on the east side of the buffalo-road leading from the blue licks to Limestone, -nine. miles, from the lick on the upper road, by the
said decedent's raising a crop -of corn in the year
one. thousand, seven hundred and seventy- six; satisfactory proof being made to the court,,the are of opinion that the said Peter Johnson, &c. has a

198

SUPRE.WE COURT U. S.

1 30a-,r right to a settlement of four hundred acres of land,* TA Lo. to include the above locations; and the pre-emption
~ of one thousand acres adjoining; and that a certi-
ficate issue accordingly."

" February 21st, 1780.

" Peter Johnson. heir, &c. enters 400 acrea in Kentucky, by virtue of a certificate, &c. lying on
the east side of the buffalo-road leading from the blue lick to Limestone, nine miles from the lick on the upper road."

"May 22d, 1780.

"Ambrose Walden enters 1,333 acres upon a treasury warrant on the east side of Jqcob Johnson's settlement and pre-emption on the waters of Johnsop's fork a branch of licking, to include two
cabins 'on the north side of said fork, built by Si-
mon Butler, and to run eastwardly for quantity."

"May 22d, 1780.

"1JohnWalden enters 1,666 2-3 acres upon a trea-
sury warrant, joining the above entry on the south and south-east, to include three cabins built b Simon Kentoni running east and south-east for quintity."

" May 22d, 1780.

" John Taylor enters 3,000 acres. upon a treasury warrant joining John Walden on the north side of Johnson's fork of licking, on the east and southeast side runn;ng up and down the said creek and north for quantity, to include an improvement made by Jacob Drennon and Simon Butler."
The court below then proceeded to pass the following interlocutory decree:

" It is decreed and ordered that Duvall Payne, of

FEBRUARY, 1809.

199

Mason County, do go on the land in controversy and survey the. claim of the complainants, agreeable to their entries. Then survy the settlement entry of Peter Johnson, heir of Jacob. 'to begin at a point nine miles below the lower blue licks on the buffaloroad as it meanders leading to the mouth of Limestone, thence east so fir that a line- north two hundred and fifty-three poles will give 400 acres on the east side of the xoad. That he then run out the pre-emption: of Johnson in a square to the cardinal points, to lay around the settlement, and give an equal proportion of land on the south and east which is to direct-the lines on the north and west.

BODVL. EV TAYIo.

" That he survey Ambrose Walden's entry on the east of Jbhnson's pre-emption, then John Walden's in equal proportions on the south and east of Ambrose, and the defendant's on the south and east of John Walden, in equal proportion.

"That he then ascertain the interference between the claims of the complainants and defendant, which lie without the limits of the defendant's entry as it is now directed to be surveyed; and within the lines of'the complainanis' entry, mark the lines and make corners to this interference when ascertained, and make report to the next court."

After this interlocutory decree, and before the surveyor made his report, the following facts were agreed and admitted by the parties:

1. "That there is at the blue licks a salt spring on 'the south side of licking, which is south 36-deg. west 8"2 poles from another salt spring on the north side of licking."

2. That there are at the blue licks about 500 acres of land trodden and licked away by the resort of ,buffaloes and other wild beasts.

3. That the .connected plat in this cause, and the survey-executed in pursuance of the interlocutory

9,00

SUPREME COURT U. S.

0 D LE-rdecree,

are made out by superficial, that is surface

TA.YLoR.
z

mensuratioh, and the distance from the:blue licks to the respective beginnings of the parties' entries, ascertained in the same way.

Afterwards the surveyor made his report, with a plat stating that he had made the survey according to the decree, and found " that part of the defendant's surv'ey which is included within his survey when laid down agreeable to the decree, and is also. ,within the complainants' survey, to be 1,07t acres," " and that part of the defendant's survey which is
included in the complainants' entry when lid down agreeable to deciee, and will not be in the defendant's survey when made agr'eeable to the decree, is in two tracts, one containing 2,034 acres and 24 poles,"
"the other containing 1821-2 acres."

Whereupon the court decreed and ordered that the defendant should, before the 1st of December then next, convey to the complainants by. deed, with warranty against himself and those claiming under him, the two tracts not within his survey as laid down by the order of the court, and which were within the complainants' survey, amounting to 2,216
1-2 acres; and should pay-the costs of suit.

Each party brought his writ of error.

The cause was argued at February term, 1806, by the defendant Taylor, and P. B. Key, for the original defendant, and by the complainant Hughes, for the original complainants; and again at February -term, 1807, by H. Clay and P. B. Key, for the original defendant, and by Hughes and H. _farshall, for the original complainants; and again at this term by Pope, for the original complainants, and P. B.
Key, for the defendant.

Argument for Taylor, the orizinal lefendant.

The bill discloses no facts which give an equitable jurisdiction to the court. It simply charges that

FEBRUARY, 18o.

'the defendant (Taylor) has surveyed contrary to his entry. It charges no fraud,. it alleges nothing to show that a caveat would not have given a full, plain, and adequate remedy; and it shows no sufficient reason why the remedy by caveat was not pur-
sued.

DonLY
TAYLO.

Virginia borrowed the term patent, or grant, from the English law, where it means a mode of
conveyance by the sovereign power. The land law of Virginia considers it as the consummation of tide, and directs the register to endorse thereon 0' that.thegrantorhath title."

By the compact between Virginia and the inhabitants of Kentucky, in 1789, when _Kentudky was erected into an independent state, it is declared (in § 7.) "that all private rights and interes of lands derived from the laws of Virginia, prior to such separation, shall remain valid, and shall be deter3ined by the laws now existing in this state." If
therefore the court had equitable jurisdiction in this
6ase, it must have been bestowed by the English or
Virginian precedents, and not by the practice -in Kentucky since that cbmpact. Kentucky could not, by law, affect those right and interests, and, t fortiori,they could not be affected by thepracticeof
her courts.

English precedents are therefore admitted to ap-

ply; and it is also admitted "that where a caveat

was efitered, or directed to be entered, and a hearing

prevented by fraud or accident," the chancery. in

Virginia exercises jurisdiction;. ,butit is denied'that

either in England- or Virginia, it has ever taken ju.-

fisdiction over the simple legality of the title; that

it has ever constituted itself into a court of errors t6

examine whether. surveys correspond with entries.;

or attempted to perpetuate questions in chancery

intended by law-to be lqid .at rest by the rapid

remedy of a caveat. The cases of White and 7one&,

1 Wash. 116. and BurnsidesandReid, 2 Wash. 48.

Vol. V.

Goc

DODL-1
T .

M

SUPREMEoCOURT U. S.

illcongrm this doctrine, that fraud destroys, but tjie. absence df it saves, a patent.

In. the allegata, a survey. "contrary to location
is made the only basis of jurisdiction. In the probata, the only'auxiliary ground %hich appears, i a "certificate of a practice" by a register-,of Virginia,' given by a register in Kentucky, "that a registry is kept of the returns of -surveys, bue; that patents do not issate according to their priority." -

neither such a registry nor such an order ix- issuing patents are required bylaw. An act Qf the'reSister, not required by, law, cannot -affect the title, 2nd cannot le a groucnd of 'jurisdiction.
The jurisdiction r~sts therefore on the single allegation "that the defendant's survey -was made contrary to his loeation.".

The question"then is, {vho has the legal title?

As sub rdinaie to this question it is contended,

A;. That the "def.eidint'sentry,is legal.

This is admitted both by the bill and the answer; 4. By charging the~survey to have been made contrary to location; and, "2 By ordering a survey to be made agreeable thereto in the court's. opinion. But the legality of the defendant's entry is proved, for the purpose of contrasting it with the illegality of that of,,the complainants.

* The. speciaity of entries 'or locations, required by the land lakv,.consisted of ,geographicalobjects, and not of geometrical- prdtraction. The geography ought to be -natural, an6,not artificial; because it wts to convey infdrmation to those about to locate, Upon reading the previous lc(e#tions.at the surveyor's "office. lt "was a previous knowledge of the face of the country to which these locations were to c9nvey a notice. No previous knowledge of chopping

PEBRUARY 1809.

.203

a ree at the time df location could etist. Therefore, a nail driven into a tiee, or letters marked on it, could be no notice to locators' reading an account of. it at the .office, however well informed of the geography'of the country. The law did not intend td force them
to delay locations, at the risk- of"losing, the land, to
go in search of such artificial 'geography.-

BODLRY
TAYL'O.

A settlement is the only species of artificial geography recpgnised'hy- khe lair. This being a previous mark in the face of the country, -was a notice addressed to a previous.knowledge of it. Skill rights founded upon this artificial geography were to be established, by the law, within a very short pcdriod, to obstiruct the inconveniences which might risult from making even this very visible, artificial ge-
graphy the basis of notice.

Johnson's settlement -was recognised and established within the limited-period. This settlement, although it was artificial geography, yet it was a more notorious and visible object than the two letiers cut on a tree.; It was a geographicil object recognised by law; but the letters were not. John. .son's entry calls for several 'geographical objects, "the upper road," " leading to Limestone," "'on its
east side."

The entries of the Waldens, and of the defendant, by linking themselves to Johnson's, obtained all its specification. If Johnson's was good, the others needed no further precision.

Yet Ambrose Walden's specifies " _7ohno's forh," and" two cabins." J. Walden's calls for three cabins.

That of the defendant specifies "Vohnsoiq'sforj,"and-" a cabin," the site of which is agreed to have been at the .place marked on the plat; but which is not on his land as surveyqd by the order of the
court.

NouLnY

206

SUPRE!E MGUR ' U. 9;

If thew entries were good at the ti=r .4cy we&&made, they never can be adjudged bad afterwards.

STime, by defacing the natural geography, and destroying the witnesses to prove it, cannot destroy an
entry originally good. We cannot-now be obliged to test, by arti icial geography,, the validity of .a survey made according to the natural geography as it
- "ed at the ime it was made.

1'he presumption, arising from a patent, certainly
-is, that the survey was made according to the entry; and that presumption ought not to be contradicted by less evidence than was in existence at the time the survey was made. At the time Johnson's sur-
vey was made, his'settlement was in existence. Its actual site cannot, now be proved; it is no longer visible. Is not the patent, then,"conclu;ivp evidenco that his survey was according to his entry ?

. The caveat process is a positive provision against the effects of time. If a caveat could be instituted
many years after a patent, after many years' possessian, after 1,200 acret had been. cleared, 20 years
after the entry, 15 after the survey, a new moulded geographical face, and a generation of witnesses
dead, it wotld subject the goodness of entries, intended to be permanent, to unceasing fluctuation. It .would be to make titles bad in proportion to the length of possession under those titles.

What is this suit but an attempt to evade the limita. tionWWhich the law has wisely prescribed for the process. of caveat? Of what use is a limitation of caveats atlaw, if caveats in chancery ae to be unlimited? Had a caveat been prosecuted in proper time, the actual. site of Johnson's plantation and corn field would have been ascertaiied and would have controlled the distance of nine miles. But now -they make the nine miles control the actual settlement,.and attempt, by course and distance, and georretkical protraction, to destroy a survey made originally by geographical objects.. If the distance would nt then have controlled the actual site, it cannot flo., What wa?
law theny.must be the law now.

FEBRUARY, 1809.0

.205

The onus prpbandilies on the complainants. They have alleged that the defendant's survey was con-traryto his location. In order to support this allegation they-must first prove where his entry. was, and in order to do that, they mast show where vas Johnson's actualsettlement. . lhey must do it absolutely and n6t hypothetically. The law does not allow that to be A settlement which is to be found onl- by course and distance-

BOIDLZY
T~V,".

A presumption of weight enforces the reasonableness of requiring of those who would avail themselves .of a geographical object, proof of its site, when they use that site to show in themselves a tiile to property long held by others. It is, that a survey, made when tie site of the object was visible, is more likely to correspond with it, than one made after it is lost. The' less probitbility ought not to overthrow the greater. The first presumption is supported by strong circumstances in addition to the
visibility of Johnson's settlement. Why did the defendant take worse land, as it is agreed'he did, if lie ought to have taken better? Because he:was controlled and limited to it by Johnson's real seitdem~nt. This constructioh of his entty, contemporaneous .ith the existence of the real settlement, contrary to his own interest, strongly.enforces the reasonable. ness of adhering to the law by requiring from those.
who assail an old title, and long possession, proof
more than presumptive.

The presumption arising from the'exact admeasuremertto fix a site for Johnson, is extremely weak. In claiming his pre-emption, did.Johnson measure?
or did he compute? The codntry was then unpopiila-
ted, and infested by Indiang. If he measured, from whence did he begin? The lick consisted of several,
salt sprizgs, and 500 acres of land were licked and trodden away. Did he pursue the meanders of the
road, or proceed in a straight line? By folloving a conjecture, subject to all those casualties, to fix the site of Johnson, .the place may be mistaken. By
this mistake the title obtained when that site - was

206

2UPREAMa COURT U. S.

BoDrY'

not matter of conjecture, may be defeate, although

TAYLOR. the survey may have been madie according to the

~entry.

An old 'title ought not in. this manner to be destroyed by a new sptculation, nor th'- rules of evidence relaxed to defeat a long possession.

Oldt titles and possession are never overturned, but saved by presumptions. In this citse the title .is supported by 'othber presumptions arising from the facts stated in the recortl. The entries 'call for cabins and other geographical objects, disclosing an intimate knowledge of 'the country. Kenton, the
locator, :possessed this knowledge, and directed the surveys whilst the corn. field and domicil of 'Johnson must have been visible. Which is most probable, thtt Kenton knew where Johnson's actual
settlement was, and that he surveyed accordingly ? or that Johnson's settlement was the place'found by the geometrical conjecture, and that Kenton surveyed cohtrary to the known location?

But we contend that the defendant's survey does not want the aid of presumption;

The subject of entries and surveys are so connected, that they must be .blended. in the argument.

* It must be understood what a location is, before it can be known whether a survey conforms to it.

By the third section of .the land law "the party shall direct the location-so specially and precisely as that others may be enabled with certainty to locate
otter warrants on the adjacent residuum?" The land lawof Virginia\ consists of two acts of assembly. Each uses the term location; the first explains what is meant by the terrm in the second. An actual settler wag entitled to 400 acres to be surveyed "including the settlement;" A sett.ment is described bythelaw to consist in" raising a cro . of corn," &c. A settlem,'nt then was a visible, geographical object, which fixed
6

FEBRUARY, laO

207

the location of the 400 acres. The -btual settler had alsoa right of pre-emption to 1,000 acres to be6
surveyed " adjoinhig the land allowed forsettlte-,' inent. ' In the -'*ode of surveying Johnson's right,
according to the,decree of the, court below, there is no proof that the actual settlement is included.

BODLPY T"V.
"

Some latitude is left to the party in surveying his settlement right, under the law.

By appointing judges to decide upon these settlements and- pre-emption locations;. to I eep a record of the "'quantities and locations" which they aillowed ; to give a certificate descrbing -the particular location ;" and to furbish the iegister -and surveyor cc witb a schedule of such certificates," it is demon-:
strated that the legislature considered their judg..mcits to be locations ; and that these locations were unalterable. Thef 4vere the acti of judges, not of parties. Johnson's location is a judicial act, and a judicial exposition of.the law. Johnson could no.t alter. it. The certificate i.directed to be delivered to a surveyor, and uppn -his receiving it, not a nV location, but an entry is allowed " in such way, an& upon such terms, as are therein prescribed."

If the court below has such a latitude as" to ex-. clude Johnson's settlement from his survey, had not he some latitude to survey so as to include it? The: factitious settleinent assumed by the court was included in Johnson's first and second surveys, but not in the third made by order of the court.

- T- affect this a process occurs, under the decree, of. a novel kind."*

It is assumed that a nine mile point, measured straight, or crooked, is Johnrsnis settlement. The certificate is construed to mean that'not an acre of Johnson's 1,400 shall approach nearer the licks than nine miles, and his plantition -or settlement is placed, in the face of the law, and of probability,
on an edge of a large tract. By- what authority

208

SUPREME COURT U. S.

BoDLzV could the court do this ? The only conditibn of tho Ty .lalrw is,that the settlement right (. e.the 400 acres)

\should

include the settlement or improvement; and

that the pre-emption right, (i. e. the 1,000 acres)

should adjoin the settlement right. With this re-

stridtion only, and that respecting the shape of sur-

veys, (viz, that their breadth should be at least one

third of .their length,) Johnson had a latitude to sur-

vey it as he pleased. How can the court, at this

distance of time, deprive him of that- right long

after he had exercised it.

But after having once exercised it he could not alterit. Can the court now do that for him which he could liot have done for himself? and thereby overturn titles dependent upon his location?

In fact, this restriction is only extracted from an incorrect construction of Johnson's certificate.

This certificate consists of two parts; the claim and the judgment.

The court of commissioners received the claims verbally, and the clerk stated them in his own lan-
gt~age. Johnson's claim was a settlement right, and- to obtain it, he had only to prove where his
settlement lay,. that the commissioners might describe it, and notify the register and surveyor.
The settlement being ascertained, the law locates the land by the references "include" and " adjoin."
All beyond, ascertaining the situation of the settle-
ment, was surplusage, and idle.

This was a settlement right, and not a village right. This is evident from the certificate itself.

1. Because it mentions the date of the settlement, 1776, and adds the words "before the 1st of January, 1778."

2. It uses the *ords of the law, applicable to 'a 'gettledient right, viz. "to include the settlement;"

FEBRUARY, 1809.

209

whereas the terms of the law relative to village iights are, "adjacent, or convenient to the village."

BODV.LY.
TAYLOR.

3. No village is mentioned.

4. It mentions raising a crop of corn, which wtts the proper foundation of a settlement right.

But the decree. of the court-below turns on the word "lying" in the certificate; whether it means a settlement "lying" or a settlement right "Ilying" on the east side of the road? Whether Johnson, in using that expression, meant to apply it to the settlement which .was the foundation of hig c laim, or to the thing claimed in consequence of that settle. ment?

It refers, says the decree, not to the settlement, but to the 400 acre settlement right,*and to the 1,000 acre pre-emption.

If the whole 1,400 acres could be made the object of reference to the word " lying," then by declaring that no part of them should approach nearer to some arbitrary point of the 500 acre lick than nine measured miles, Johnson is thrown entirely to the east of -the supposed settlement, and the chief part of his, the Waldens', and th defendant's patents transposcd to the complainants' 16,000 acre entry.

But if the word "lying" refers to "the settlement'" then it is obvious that Johnson's survey No. 2. includes the assumed-point of settlement with far greater coincidence with the Kentucky precedents; and the survey No. 1. with more still than the survey No. 3. which shoots out an irregular proboscis from the settlement right, to, get at the settlement point.

By these jrrecedents, the settlement is placed in the centre of the settlement right, and the settlement right in the centre of the pre-emption right,

Vol. V.

D d

BfOOLEY TAYLOR.

210

SUPREME'COURT U. S.

surveying from'the settlemenf itself to the cardin A

points for quantity.

The law, by saying that the pre-emption right shall adjoin, not the settlement itself, but the set. tlement right, countenances-the idea that. it could
not adjoin the actual settlement, because that had been inicluded in the settlement right. But the surve' No. 3. makes the pre-emption adjoin the settlement itself.

The decree goes upon the idea that the- certificate locates the 400 acre settlement right, and the 1.,000 acre pre-emption right on a certain point, on the east side of a road, nine miles from the licks.
But a settlement right is not even mentioned or alluded to in the whole certificate, whose dnly object was to establish. the fact that a settlement actually had been made at a certain place, and the number of a6res which the settler claimed, or which the commissioners allowed in consequence of such settlement. The right was a legal conseq~ience of establishing the settlement, and could not be located but by locating the site of the settlement. When that site was established, the law located the right.
Some stress is laid upon the words "to include the above location." If the " above location" was a location of the whole right, how could the right include the location? This woull be to say that a thing may include itself. The thing enclosed must be less than the thing enclosing. Hence it results that the "above location" was not a location of the settlement right but of the settlement only.,

By allowing the 400 acre tract to include the located settlement on a geographical point located
or situated nine miles from the licks, on the east side of the road, and the 1,000 acre tract adjoining the 400 acre tract, and including it, the law is fol-
lowed correctly, and exactly fulfilled.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

211

To comply with the idea of the decree, great bodies .of land must be compressed into ,a particle
at the end of the nine mile line, and then be expanded for surface. If the decree had suffered. it to expand equally in every direction from that point, the defendant's title would have been safe.. What reason was there to limit this expansion to one particular direction. If the given distance
must be .violated to gain the -required surface, why not expand towards the licksi as well as from them-?

BODLEY
A .

-But Johnson's second survey has bern perfected by acquiescence. There was no complaint, no' caveat. Suppose the'defendant had surveyed upon thp ideal basis of Johnson assumed by the court
below, and that universal acquiescence had perfected his title in another place; could he have held his land by a connection with no title of Johnson, whilst a perfect title existed at another place, with which, in his entry, he had connected himself?

If Johnson's and the Waldens' titles are good,'
the defendant's is good also. Those titles can never be affected by a suit inwbich they are not parties.

Johnson's entry is 25 years of age, his survey 16, his patent 12; neither has been questioned to this
day, by caveat or suit.

But the continuity of the chain f&rom Johnson to the -defendant is said to be broken by the want of an "east side" on the buffald-road, by the want of
an I east side" to Johnson's first and second survey, and by want of an "east and south-east sides," by
John Walden. There being no such I.east sides"
Johnson could not lie on the " east side" of the road. A. Walden could not lie on the " east side" of Johnson, nor the defendant on theast and southeast sides of John Walden. Accordingly the decree
has provided in the survey No. 3. an " east side" for Johnson, by a north and south line for A,. Wal-
den to adjoin, and similar sides for J. Walden and the defendant, violating the positive provision of

]3ODVL,z-.Y
TAYLoR. '

012

SUPREME COURT U. S.

law as to the length and breadth of surveya Bu4
in the language of these locations, "1on the east side" means no more than that the lands are to lie eastward-, or on the easterly side or part of. They do not necessarily suppose that the surveys must absolutely have an exact north and south line. Xt means aspect, one part of a body opposed to another
part of the same body. In this sense every tract of
land must have an east side.

As locators had a very considerable latitude in making thir surveys; and as entries might join each other before any of them were actually surveyed, if the. principles of the'-decree are just, and nbthing but a north and south line will make an east side, it would put it, in the power of the first locator to prevent the second locator from joining him at all, and of course to destroy the validity of
his neighbour's entry. This could not be the intention of the law.. Kenton used the term "side " , with a knowledge of this latitude. He therefore did not intend to use it in a sense which would destroy his locations. He used it merely to show the geographical relation of one entry to another.

Again; ihese entries call, not for surveys, but for each other. In John Walden's the words "join-
ing the above entry" are expressly used. How dan the east side of an entry be converted into a' north
and south line of a subsequent survey. The calls are to couple entries to entries ; subsequent entries to previous entries, not previous entries to subsequent surveys.

It is by blending geometry and geography, in con sidering entries, that inaccurate construlctions prevail; whereas the latter only is necessary.

But the complainants' entry is bad in not giving any geographical notice. The letters 1. T. cut in the bark of a tree do not constitute a geographical
object. A location was r. quired not to enable a man to find his owa land, but to enable others to avoid

FEBRUARY, 1809.

213

it. Admit- that the complainants can find their beginning, the letters I. "1,it doe§ not aff"ect the question whether this artificial geography can be-a good location. We may find what we hide, but w.hat we' can hide is not a geographical feature in the face of the cotntrv. An object taken as the basis of an entry oughit to be such as a person acqaainted with
the country might have: known before the entry
was made.

BoDExY
TAYvL.OUi.

The defendant's entry had not been' surveyed when the complainants' entry was made. It had not then mistaken its area, as the decree now contends. It was a good entry,'as the decree admits.. Being good, the'titib to the land it covered was vested in the defendant, not liable to be re-entered,- and not
capable of being devested by a younger entry. The younger entry therefore was void as to-this vested tile. Being void, it "could only be made good by a survey and. patent. The elder, entry, if originally
void also, is made good by the same means.

If the defendani has no tide, so far as his entry was' void, the complainants can have no title so far s theirs was void; or if subsequent events could perfect theirs, the same events could perfect his.

If the complainants have the eldest surv-ey for the lands said by the decree to have been within the defendant's entry, he has the eldest for thosefsaidftobe within theirs. -

The parallelin the cases is complete,.but. the de-
cree .has not seen it. It has given the complainants the land they claim of the defendant, and also that which the defendant has a right to claim upon the
same Drinciples,

Is an entry, a survey, or a patenti the basis of a
title ? The incipient and the final step, the entry and the patent, are fbr the defendant. The complain.
ants have the eldest .survey as to the 10,00o acre entry. But neither the survey nor its .registry can

214,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

13 ODLZY TAYLOIt.

give priority of title. The incipient and the final act being in favour of thedefendant, equity will not Sdeprive a fair purchaser of the advantage, in order to do him Wrong.

The law directs an endorsation on the patent ".that the patentee has title." The decree declares " that his title shall, depend on parol testimony fdr" 10, 15,
or 2 0ears."

How far courts of equity are bound by the positive law, is still a question. Whether; with the courts of Virginia, they will stop at the case of fraud or accident having prevented the institution
of a- caveat, followed speedily by an 'application to equity for relief, or whether they will examine, during 20, 30, or 100 years, every cikcumstanci capable ,of being examined by caveats, is to be the
precedent.

The law and equity ofthe case are so intimately
Mended, that in discussing the one, much 6t the <ther has been anticipated.

Two grounds of equity are set up by the com-
plalnants.

I. An irregularity in the defendant's survey. They make no objection to his entry, and by charging the survey with non-conformity, they admit that the entry imay be conformed to; they pretend also t6 show in what manner.
2. That one of their surveys was first made,
returned and registered.

The defendant on his side claims equity too:

1. From. length of time. Though courts of equity are not bound by acts of limitation, in some cases, they are in others. -There must be some ingredient to take a case out of an act of limitation,

FEBRUARY, 1809.'

215

after it has fallen within it. The caveat process is 8obDLz

m -act of limitation. ·

vTL
TAYLOR;

Even in cases most deemed by equity to 'fal under the strict letter of laws of limitation, courts of equity, in:computing a reasonable length'of time, will respect such laws as: legislative 'computations
founded in reason.

WTitten.testimony is supposed,- by the laws of Virginia, to be a reasonable object of confidence, until twenty years have expired. Precedents in chancery have diminished this term to eighteen.. Oral
testimony maintains its credibility in some cases for
five years, in -othersfor a shorter term, and in contests capable of being tried by caveat, for six months only. 'This computation is made upon the particular Circumstances inimical to sucli testimony.
in every case. These circumstances induced the legislature, in cases of caveat, to refuse credibility to oral testimony for more than six months. 'But the complainants demand it for twenty years.

2. The defendant claims equity froni the surveyor's negligence, in not having surveyed with- the regularity required by law.

The law is imperative that he should give notices.

Except for this .breach of duty in the officer, the defendant would have surveyed ard patented beforb the c.omplainants entered. And ;t survey and patent could not have been destroyed by a subsequent entry*

Equity considers that as done which ought to have been done. The neglect of the surveyor was a real injury to the defendant, out, of which grew not a real injury, but the-semblance of an injur to
the complainants. If the first neglect had not happened, the case of the complainants would have been just as it now is. If by that neglect they had obtained an unjust advantage over the defendant,

BDo.zy
Tv
TArLoa.

"216

SUPREME COURT U. S.

even, a caveat, or at least a suit in chancery, would have relieved him'. Can they be injured by not obtaining, from this neglect, that which both law-and justice would have taken from them? The defendant has in fact the eldest equity as well 2isthe-eldest patent.
3. The third ground of the defendant's - equity is, that the complainants have gotten better land belonging, as th py say, to the defendant, and, therefore, bave suffizred.no injury: that they are bound by their acquiescence; and. that it would be unjust to make.an exchange now, .as it would depriyve the defendant of his old patent, and, ppssibly, invole him in more litigation.

The following. caes were cited in behalf of the original defendant, viz.
On the question upon the construction of the entries:
Hughes's Rep. 110. 124. Kenny v. Whitledge. Hughes'sRep. 14, x5. Pawlingv. ./ereweather.M5. 7ohnson v. Mgaul. MS. Yones v. "Craig. Htughes's Rep. Yackson & Owens v. Whitaher & Wife, and Ward v. Kentan & Fox. MS. Speed v. Lewis. MS. Drahe v,R4mney. Hu.gho,'s Rep Ramsay & Logie v. DraAe. Bryant v. Owens & Walkice. Sneed's Rep. 9. Wilson v. Speed Id. 396. F'razier V. Steele.

And upon the question of jurisdiction: Hughes's Rep. 2. 181. 1 Wash. 116. 2 Wash. 48.
Argmentfor.,the originalcomplainants.
A.11 h -good. lands in Kentuicky.are subject to at leat 'tw onteading entries. In this case Taylor had.the, first entry, .b.it.Bodley had the first survey.
As to the question. of jurisdiction, it has been long settled 'as a good ground of equity that the de-

FEBRUARY, 1809.

217

f~ndaut had obtained a legal tide to' which the plaintiff had a prior or better equity; and a court of law could not sustain an equitable against a -legal
title.

BonLSI
TAYOL.

If the plaintiff shows an equitable title, the de-. fendant must not only show his legal title, but he must support it by an equity equal at least to that
of' the plaintiff; for in equity the legal estate stands for nothing. Sneed's Rep. 43. 46, 47. ksuarles v. Brown. Consella v. Briscow. .Swearingen v.
g riscow. 1 Wash. 230. Hughes's Rep. 53. Fry v.
.Ezra. Id. 88. 92. Smith v. .Evans, Id. 110. Greenup v. Coburn. Sneed's Rep. 32. South v. Bowles. Id. 52. Bradfordv. Allenz Id. 1;30. Bruce v. - .

Taylor might have had a remedy by caveat if he. would. But the remedy by caveat is or.ly a concurrent remedy. It is not a remedy which can apply. to all tases. A man may not know of a survey in
time to enter his caveat.

The neglect of the process by caveat is no bar-ta relief in equity. Harwoodv. Gibbons, MS. Myers v. Speed, Hghes's Rep. 97. Kenton v. ZfConnell, -Hughes'sRep. 140. :Picletv. Bib, MS.

If the court has jurisdiction, -the next question is, whether the complainants' entry is legal and suffi-
eienlyy-certain.

Two questions arise.respecting every entry- 1. Is it sufficiently specific? 2. Is the same land surveyed which is depcribed in the, entry ?

It is sufficiently specifi'e if the land can be found

by a .reasonable search. At the time of the com-

plainants'.entry, nothing was more notorious in Ken-

tucky than a lick and a bufalo-road. There is a difference Where a distance is- mentioned only to lead you to a part of the country where yod will find a specific object which is described as the be-

Vol. V.

e

no3LV.zY
TAYLOR.

218

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ginhing of a tract; and where the beginning is at the

end of a patticular line.

fhere must always be a general description, and a particular description.

It was not necessary that the marked trees should be notorious. You would be led to them by a reference to notorious objects, the blue licks, and the buffalo-roadi Gr'eenup'y. Coburn, Hughes's Rep. 104.
Carter-v. - , Hughes's Rep. 182. 7ohnson v. .Bt own, Hughes's Rep. 60. Sneed's Rep. 105.

If the complainants' entry be siafficiently certain, the next question is as to that of. the defendant.

The defendant's entry -depends upon John Walden's, which depends-upon Ambrose Walden's, which depends 'upon Peter Johnson's. If Peter Johnson's be uncertain, tie rest are uncertain.

Peter Johnson's 400 acres, being his settlement right, were to lie on the east side of the upper buffalo-road, and'nine miles from the licks.

The beginning of the tract was to be nine miles
from the lick, not the middle of the tract. The question then is, how is the survey to be made? Are you to follow th6 meanders. of the road to- ascertain the nine miles, or to take a point nine- miles
distant from the lick on a straight line? Are you to foIlI'w the road in running the lines of the survey? It would be impossible to be accurate as to
the meanders of the road. The buffaloes make generally a number-of paths not parallel. to each other, sometimes approaching and again -diverging,
sometimes occupying a broad space which is all called the road; and they often meander so much, 'that after travelling nine miles you may not be a mile distant from the place of beginning. A distance upon a water-course is always measflred in a :traight line, without regard to the meanders of *the

FEBRUARY, 1809.

219

stream. So we say it ought to be understood when speaking of a buffalo-road.

BoDLY"
TAYLOR.

The whole of Peter Johnson's 1,400 acres were to lie on the east side of the road; but the claimant below4 has placed part of it on the west side.

The proper. mode of surveying Peter Johnson's claim is,to begin at the end of nine miles upon a straight line, and so make the, whple survey on the east -side of tle road in the form 6' .a
square, making the general course of the road the base lie of the survey.

But Ambrose Walden's land could not be bound-
ed by a mere right of pre-emption, which was undefined, unlocated, and might never be'carried into effect. It was a mere possibility. t'here must be
an entry ofapre-emption before it can be considered as locahted, and tintil it be located it cannot be sur, veyed. Pdrterv. Gass, Sneed's Rep. The. case of Kenny v'W zledge'apilies only to,village rights. Patrick v. Woods, 'Hughes' Rep. Sneed's Rep.
330. 336. 270.

If it could not adjoin the pre-emptioi. right, neither cd'ud it adjoin the settlement right, because. the call was to join the 1,400 acre tract claimed by
Peter Johnson, and not his 400 acre tiact.

The defendant has lost his right to the land con-
taied i his entry, making his.survey contrary to his location. When the. survey is made, alth ugh erroneously, it is an execution of the warant, and puts an end to the entry as such. The warrant, as
well as the entry, is functus offio.

In these cases a court of chancery does not act upon equitable principles only, but is merely to decide which party has the legal right to the patent. It is only a chancery form of deciding a legal
right. The court cannot require the complainants to give up to the defendant the land which the de-

VA -LoEL,

no

SUPREME COURT VJ. S.

fendunt might have surveyed under lis entry-, but

wtrhuiechinhperifnaciliepdlettohsautrtvhee-ydeinfepndroapnet ritsimene.titleIdt

is to

not get

his land somewhere; he .did not purchase with that understanding. The state did not so contract.

When a man surveys contrary to his location he loses his equity. These are-statutory rights,-And therefore to be decided strictly according to the statute. An entry is a legal right; it descends to heirs; it
ssubject to ezecutiti&; it maybesold and transferred. Thesu points have all been decided by the courto of

An B. K *ioreply.
There cannot-be wo valid entrieb of the same land a tthe same tiie.
-hen a first entry is forfeited the land is. again waste and unappropriated; and not till then can a second entry of the same land be valid. A second entry made while the first was valid is void.
If Taylor's entry was valid, it gave a legal right, descendible, &c. The land was nolonger waste and unappropriated or vacant. The entry of the complainants, while Taylb' entry was in force, was a mullity, and ga ,e them no right either at law or in equity.
.Februaryith, A80Y.
MARSHALL, Ch. 3., The court has been. able to form an opinion as to a part only of' this .case.
That the court as a court of chancery has jurisdiction of such cases, is a point established by':a long course of practice in Virginia and in Kentucky; but in the oxercise of 'that jifrisdiction, it will proceed accordip:z to the principles of equity.' In such cgse, a prior eotry will be. considered as notice tohim

PEBRUARY, ' 09.

221

who has the legal title, If such entry be sufficiently
certain. And the legal title will be considered as holden for -him Who has the prior equtW.

B1D3wV TAYLOR.

Ilkarck 14th, 1809.

MARSHALL, Ch.'. delivered the opinion of the court as follows:

Thisl'is an appeal from a decree of the court for the district of Kentucky, by which Taylor was directed to convey to Bodley and others a part of a tract of land to which he held an elder patent,, bun to.which Bodley and others claim the better right under a junior patent. The judge of the district court having directed such part of the land held by Taylor to be conveyed to Bodley and others, as ap. peared by certain rules, which he has applied to the case, to be within their claim, and not within Taylor's
location, and having dismissed their bill as to- the residue each party has appealed from his decree.

Previous to any discussior of the rights of the parties, it has become necessary to dispose of a pre-
liminary question.

The defendant in the court below objects to the jurisdiction of a court of equity, and contends not only that the present case furnishes no ground of jurisdiction, upon general principfei, but that the land law under which both titles originate, jin giving a remedy by which rights under entries might be
decided previous to the emanation of a patent, has, prohibited an examination of the same question -after a p.tent shall have issued.

Had this been a case of the first impression, some contrariety of opinion would perhaps have existed on this point. But it has been sufficiently shown that the practice of resorting to a court of chancery in order
to set up an equitable against -the legal title, received, in its -origin, the sanction of the court of ap-

BODVL.E' Ta.M

22

SUPREME COURT U'. S.

peals" while Mentucky"remainedra part-6f Virginia',
and has been so confirmed by-an uninterrupted series Sof decisions as t&be incorporate'd into their system, and to be taken into view, in .the consideration of evvry tide tolands in-dhat ountry. - Such a principle cannot now- be shaken.

.But it is an inquiry of -vast importance whether, in deciding claims of this dpscription, a court of eqixty acts upon its known, established and general principles. or is. merely substituted for aLcburt of law,-with power to decide questions respecting rights under 'the statute, as iey existed .previous to the cQnsummatioft 6f those rights by patent.

It has been -argued that the right acquired by an entry is a legal right; hecause-it is given by a statute, that it is the statutory inception of a legal title which
gives to the person making it a right, against every person 'not having -a prioi entry, to obtain a patent and to hold-thehand. The iniference drawn from
this is, that as the law affords no remedy against a person tvho has defeated this right by improperly obtaining, a priorpatent, a.court of chancery, which can afford it, ought to consider itself as sitting in the
character of a court of law,'and ought to decide th6se questidos as' a court of law, would decide them, if capable -of looking beyond the patent.

Tiis reasoning would perhaps be conclusive if a . court of chancery was, by statute, siibstituted in the place of a 'court of law, wvith an express grant of jurisdiction iD- the care. But the jurisdiction exer-
cised by -a court of' chancery is. not granted by statute; it is assumed by.itself: and what can justify that assumption but the opinion that cases of this description come within the sphere 'of its general action ? * In all cases in which a court of equity
takes jurisdiction, it will exercise that jurisdiction upon its own principles, t'is believed that no exception-to this rule is to be found in the books, and the-state of land-titles'in. Kentucky is not believed to furpish one. The,true ground of the jurisdie-
6

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

.23*

don of a court of equity is, that an entry is considered as a record of which a subsequent .locator may have niotice, and therefore must b- presumed-to have it; consequently, although he may obtain the first patent, he is liable, in equity, to the rules which apply to a subsequent purchaser with
notice of a prior equitable right. This certainly brings the validity of the 6ntries ,beforg the court, but it-also brings with that question every other which defeats the equity of the plaintiff.

BOVLY
TAYLOR.

The court, therefore, will entertain jurisdiction of the cause, but will exercise that jurisdiction in conformity with the settled principles of a court of chancery. It will afford a remedy whichisancoot ugrivt eonf" law cannot afford, but snce that remedy
by statute, it will be applied by this. court as tlie principles of equity require its application.

Neither is the compact between Virginia -and Kentucky considered as affecting this case.

If the same measure of justice be meted to the .citizens of each state, if laws be neither made nor
expounded for the purpose of depriving those who are protected by that compact,, 'of their rights, no violation of thatcompact is perceived.

The court will proceed, then, to inquire into the rights'ofthe parties, and, in making this inquiry,
will pay great respect.to all those principles which appear to be well established in .the state in which the lands in controversy lie.

Taylor holding the eldest patent, it is necessary that the complainants below should found their title on a good entry. The validity of their entry, there-. fore, is the first subject of examination.

It was made on the 17th of October, 1!83, and is in these words; " Henry Crutcher and John Tibbs enter 10,000 acres of land on a treasury war-
rant, beginning at a large black ash and small buckeye marked thus, I. T. on the side of a buffalo-

2N

SUPREME COURT T 8,

3o1v"a-oad leadiag ftom the lower blue licks a N, E. T'&YLOR. ,ourse, and abooit seven miles N. 9. by E. from s
ani49blue licks," &d.

The only objection to this entyy is, that the begiaS.m.g is uncertain.

Were the vaidlity of' t objection to be adanftted, it would shake almost eVery titJe in Kentuckvy. Xf it be recolle~ted hat almost every acre of good
land in that state was located at a time when only 7a few individials, collected in scattered forts or villages, encroached on the'rights of the savages and bild beasts of the country, that n~ither these sparse settlers, nor those hardy adventurers who travelled thither in quest of. lands, could venture out to ex"plorethe country., without-emposing their lives to im'minent hazoard, that many of those who had thus explored the countryI, and who made locations, were unlettered men, not only incapable of eupounding the laws, but somie of them incapable of reading, it is not wonderful that the courts of Kentutky should have relaxed, in some degree, the rigour of the rule requiring an impracticable prdcision in making eutries, sh6uld have laid hold of every circumstance which might afford that certainty which the law has required, and should be content with that reasonable certainty which would enable a subsequent loca-
40r, by the enercie of a, due- degree of judgment and diligence, to locate his own lands on the adjacent residuum.

The entry of Crutcher and Tibbs possesses this reasonable certainty.

The blue licks was a.lace of general notoriety, and there-appears to-have been no difficulty in ac-
certaining the poinat from whih thd mensuration should commence. There being only one of the three roads leading from that point, which ran nearly
a N. E. course, no subsequent locator could doubt on which road this land was placed. The ,entry having called for visible objects on the road about

'FEBRUARY, 18o9.

225

seven miles -from the licks, those visible objects might be discovere;1 without'any extraordinary exertion; and if they could not be discovered, then that call, according .to the course of decisions in Kentucky, would be discarded, and -about seven miles would be considered as seven miles. But those objects remained, and it appears that no difficulty has arisen, or ought to arise, on this. point. The jury have found it to -be the beginning called
for in' the entry.

BVL-V?
TAyi.ot. -

The entry, therefore, of Crutcher and Tibbs is sufficiently certain, -and the court will prbceed to examine 'the entry and survey' of Taylor.

This entry being the last link of a 'chain: com. mencing with Jacob Johnson, it is necessary to fix Jacob Johnson, in order to ascertain the position of
Taylor.

Jacob Johnson's title is a settlement and'pre.emp. tion; a certificate for which was granted by -the commissioners, oi the 7th day of Januiary, 17.80, id the
following terms.

Peter Johnson, 'heir at law of Jacob Johnson, de-
ceased, this day claimed a settlement and pre-efnption to a tract of 'land in the district of Kentudky, lying on the _ast side of the buffalo-road leading from the blue licks to 'Limestone, nine miles from the lick on the upper road, by the saia decedent's *raising a crop of corn-in the year 1176. Satisfactory proof being made to the court, they are of opinion thait the said Peter Johnson, &c. has a right to a settlement of 400 acres of land to include the above lo-
cation, and the pre-emption of 1,000 acres adjoining,
and that a certificate issue accordingly.

On the 21st of February,1780,.this certificate, so far as respected the settlement of 400 ar.s, -was entered with the surveyor-

It is the opinion of the court that the 400 acres

VoL V.

Ff

BoDLzy
O.

M6

1UPPREM cOUT U. S.

of land should lie entirely on the east side of the road, that it should beqin at the distance of nine
imleasn,d that those miles should be -computed not
by k straight line, but according to the meanders of
the road,

In this respect the court perceives a clear distinc-
tion between a call for one place by its distance from another, if the intermediate space be entirely woodsy"
or if a stream, which cannot well be followed, passes from the one to the other, and where a road is called for, which conducts individuals from point to point, The distance ofplaces from each other i§ not generally computed by a stream not navigable, but is always
computed by a road which.is.travelled. It is, therefore, the opinion of the court that where, as in this case, there is no other call 'in the entry showing a
contrary intent, and the entry is placed on a road at a certain distance from a given point by which the road passes, the distance is to be computed by the
meanders of the road, and not by a straight line.

The beginning of ,Johnson's settlement .beitt foutid, and its western side being placed along the road, the next inequiry is, in what manner the land is .to be surveyed.

In order.to give certainty to locations of this description, the courts of Kentucky have uniformly
determined that they shall be understood as being made in a square. Johnson's line upon the road,
therefore, must extend. along the road until two lines at right anjfes from each end. of this base shall, with a third line parallel to the general course
of the road, include, in a figure which, if the rpad be reduced to a straight line, would make a square, the quantity of 400 acres on the east side of the
road.

The next link in this chain -of entries,, on which the title of Taylor depends, is Ambrose Walden's,

On the 22d of May, 1780, Ambroe Whldigi en-

PPSIRVAIR , 1809.

2i

*qee& 1,Sft- acres on the east side of-Jacob Johnson's settlement· an,d p".re-emp.tion, on t-he. wa.ters o.f Johnson's fork, a branch of licking, to include ·
two cabins on the n.orth side of said fork, built h . Simon Butler, and to run eastwardly for quantity.

o Lut V.%
AyLo4..
-O,

The cabins, it is said, cannot be found; or, if found, -cannot be diqtinguished.. The -waters of
Johnson's fork would be to ovague, and, therefore, the validity of this entry must depend on' the call for Johnson's settlement and pre-emption,

This is said to be insufficient, [b.cadse-the preemption had not, at that time, been'located with the surveyor, and the certificate of the commission4 ers was no location. Johnson's pre-emption, there. fore, had, on the 92d of May, 1780, tio locality, subsequent entry could not depend updn'it; for it might be placed in any situati;on, or in anr form,
provided it be so placed as to .adjoin his settlement
an any point.

The argument with respect to the pre-emption ap-" pears to. the court to be conclusive. 'This pre-emp, ion right certainly had no locality on the 22d of May, 1780, and an entry made to depend entirely, on it would have been too vague, too uncertain, to be maintained. But it doeh not follow that the entry of Ambrose Walden is void. He does not call singly for the pre-emption, he calls for " the east side
of Johnsonis settlement andpre-emption right;" and it seeias to the court that a fair application of' the
principles which have gov.erned in Kentucky in
Miiilar cases, will maintain this location.

The settlemefit was actually located; the,pr.e-emp. tion, at the time, had no other than a potential existence; and the uniform course of decisions appears to have been to discard one call which is either im-
possible or uncertain, .arnd-to support the entry, if
there be other calls which /are sufficiently certain. The decisions have gone so fa'r as to dismiss a part of the 'description of a singl call; if other terms of

BODLEY TAYvL.OR.

228

SUPREME COURT U. S.

description be sufficient to ascertain the thing called for. Now the call for the settlement right is valid

and certain; and the court is not of opinion that this certainty is renored uncertain by being united to the call for a pre-emption: which had no real enisteniceo

The call appears to be substantially the same as
if it had been ftr the land of Johnson. His settlement and pre-emption m;as perhaps the name which, in common parlance,- designated this land even before the location of the pre-emption, because it was appendant to the settlement. It has been decided
that a call for the land would be good, and the court thinks that decision applicable to this- case.-

Against this has.,been urged the doubt. which a subsequent locator woufd have entertained at the time, whether Johnson might not have been permit. ted to locate his pre-emption on any land adjoining his settlement, and whether Walden's entry calling for that pre-emption might be decided to be good,
and to be placed so as to bind upon it.. This doubt, it is said, though now removed, then existed, and would havre operated on the mind of the subseqiuent
locator.

The force of this argument will not be denie& But it must also be admitted that it applies with equal strength to the course of artificial re'asoning which has governed the decisions of the courts of Kentucky. and on -which the titles of the people. -of that country depend. Subsequent locators must have doubted in what manner any of these questions would be decided. But having been decided,'.the certainty which they have introduced is carriedback to the time when the location. was. made, and affirms that location.

It has also been said that it is uncertain which side of Johnson's setthmnt is the east side, and. that, in point of fa'ct, the upper side, or that furthest

FEBRUARY, Isog.

229

from the blue licks, faces the east more nearly than BoDLEV'

any other.

TAYvL. OS-

However this- fact may be, the court is of opinionthat the terms of Johnson's entry designate his east
aide. His settlement is to. lie on the east side of
the road.. The road, then, in contemplation of the locator, forms.the west side, and. the side opposite the road must be the east side. The entry mist have been so understood by all subsequent locators; and when they call for his east side, the intention to place themselves on the side opposite the roa is sufficiently intelligible.

In this, as in other difficulties which occur in the course of the inquiry, it is material to observe that the bill does not. charge Taylor's entry to be
void for uncertainty. On the contrary it impliedly admits the certainty of his location- and charges that his survey does not conform to it. The real question, then, is not whether Taylor shall be surveyed at all, but where he shall be placed.

The entry of Ambrose Walden, then, will lie on the east side of Johnson's settlement, that-is, on. the side opposite the road; and, this point being established, the manner in which. his land is to be surveyed is free from further doubt. It is to be laid off in a square, the centre of the base line of which is to be the centre of the South-eastern line of John-
pon's settlement.

The next entry to be considered is that of John Walden. He enters 1,666 2-3 acres joining Ambrose Walden, ozi the south and south-east, and to
run east and south-east for quantity.

Although Ambrose Walden has no south side, yet it is sufficiently apparent that his south-west side
was intended by the locator. The difficulty arises from the subsequent call of the entry to run east and
south-east for quantity. A line drawn . east from Ambrose Walden's south-western corner would pass

80DIaE TLVo.

230

~S~U3OPRYBM2 CiulaT t. S.

through the middle of his land, and a lige drawh south-east from the same corner would pass either

Sthrough or so near his land as to make it almost impossible to suppose that'the locator could have in-
tended" to make so long and narrow a triangle. The reasonable partiality of Kentucky for rectangular
figures must, therefore, decide the shape of John,
Walden's land, and regulate the manner in which this call of his entry is to be understood. *Ambrose Walden's north~western line must be extended to the south, and a line must be drawn due east from his eastern corner, so that a-line parallel to his southeastern line intersecting a line drawn south-east
from the extremity of the north-western line of Ambrose Walden continued shall lay off 1,666 2-3 acres of land in equal quantities on the northern and south-eastern sides of Ambrose.

It is not to bb disguised that there is much difficulty in-placing John Walden, but the court can
I erceive no mode of placing him more conformable to the principles which prevail in Kentucky than 'that which it has adopted.

We are now brought to Taylor's entry.

On the 22d-of May, 1780, John Taylor-enters 3,000 acres adjoining John Walden on the north side of Johnson's fork of licking, an the east and south-east side, running up and down said creek,
and north for quantity, to include an improvement
made by Jacob Drennon and Simon Butler.

There is to John Walden's land no east side, nor any side so nearly east as the south-east side. The word side, being in the singular number, and the
same side answering, better than any other, both parts of the description, the land must lie on the south. east ide.

It is .also thought to be the more reasonable construction of the entry that the words, on the -north side of Johnson's fork, refer to ,the situation of
6

FEBRUARY, 1809.

231

John Walden's laid, not to the location of Tiylors. but this is probably not important in the case. Taylor is to lie on the south-east of Walden, to include an improvement *made by Drennon and Butler, to
run up and down the creek, and 'north for quantity."

Bioirnr
TA.LdR.

With these calls, it would have been the opinion of the court that Taylor could not cross the creek, had not his entry called for an object on the south
aide of the creek. That object is the improvement
made by Jacob Drennowahnd Simon Butler.

It has been said, that the country was covered
with cabins, and that therefore this call was no designation-of the'.land that.was located. This argument is correct so far as-it is urged to prove that this would not be sufficient, as a general description, to enable subsequent locators to say in what part of the country this entry was made. Neither would the letters I. T. marked on a tree answer this pur-
pose. But, when brought into the neighbourhood by other parts- of the description, these letters serve to ascertain the beginning of the entry under which
the claim adversary to that of. Taylor is supported. -So Taylor informs subsequent locators of the neighbourhood in which his land lies, by calling for the
south-east side of John Walden's entry, on the north of Johnson's fork, which is found by a refer-
ence to. other entries which commence at a point of public notoriety. When brought to the .south-east side of John Walden, he is near the cabin called fori, and it does not appear that there was, in the neighbourhood, any other -cabin which this entry could possibly be understood to ihclude. This.part of the description, then will carry Taylor to the souti side of Johnson's fork, and, if permitted to cross that fork, the favourite figure of the square muist be resorted-to. Against this it is said that, in such-a case, the rule of Kentucky will carry him no further than barely to include the object of his call. But 'this rule cannot apply to this case, because it would
give a survey the breadth -of which would not be
one third of its length.

BODLEY
TAYLoR. N'V

232

SUPREME COURT U. S.

It is impossible to look at the general plat re-
turned in this case without feeling a conviction that the surveyor considered that fork which, in the-plat, is termed mud lick fork, as Johnsons fork; and
there is no testimony 'i the cause which shows that when this location was made, that mi'ldle stream which Tuns through Taylor's sarvey was 'denomi-
nated Johnson's fork. The finding of the jury, however, that the roads and water-courses are rightly laid down, must induce the opinion that this fact was .proved to them.

Rn a case where the mistake is so obvious, the rule which, under circumstances so dotibtful, relative to place, deprives the person, in surveying'
vhose property the mistake has been made, of his legal title, appears to be a severe rule to be adopted
in a court of equity. But such is the situation of land -titles in Kentucky, that the rule must be inledxible.

Taylor, then, must adjoin John Walden on his south-east side, where that line crosses Johnson's fork, if it does cross it, and if it does not, then at its south-eastern extremity, which will be nearest Johnson's fork. If a square formed upon the whole line shall coutain less than three thousand acres, then two lines are to be extended due north until, ,with a line running east and west, the quantity of three thousand acres shall be contained in the whole figure, If such a square shall contain more than three thousand acres, then it is to be laid off on so much of Walden's line .as -to -contain -the exact quantity.

This being the manner in which it appears to -the court that Taylor's entry 'ought to be surveyed, it remains to inquire whether; under the principles wvhich govern a court of equity in affording its aid
.to an equitable against a legal .title, the complainants below ought to recoVer any; and, if any, what par. of the lands surveyed by Taylor, ad -if any, what. terms are to be imposed up ' them.

FEBRuARY, imo9.

123$

The entry as well as patent of Taylor igprior ro that under which the complainants in the d" istrict' court assert their tide. Of the entries made within their location, therefore, they had that implied notice which gives a court of equity jurisdiction of this cause. They cannot object to the operation of a principle which enables them to come into court.
But, in addition to this principle, they must be considered as having notice, in fact, of these locations, The position of the entries of both plaintiffs and defendant is ascertained by calling for" certain, dis-
tances along the same road from the same object. Crutcher and Tibbs, therefore, when they made their location, knew well that they included the Waldens and Taylor, and that their entry could give them no ,pretensions to the lands previously, entered by thoqe persons. If, by any inadvertence, the Waldens and Taylor have surveyed land to which Crutcher and Tibbs were entitled, and have left to Crutcher and Tibbs land to which the Waldens and Taylor were entitled, it would seem to the
court to furnish no equity. to Crutcher andT-ibbs against the legal title which is held by their adversaries, unless they will submit to the condition. of restoring the lands .they have gained by the inadvertence of which they complain.

BODLEY
V.
TAYLOR.

The court does not liken this inadvertent survqy of lands, not within the location, to withdra~ring pf the warrant and re-entering it in another .place. The latter is the act of the min4 intentionally abandoning an entry once made: the former is no act of the mind, -and so far from evidencing an intention to. abandon, discovers an intention to adhere to the appropriation once made. Although their lgal effect may be the same, yet they are not the same with a person who has gained -by the inadvertence, and applies to a court of equity to increase that gain.

Was this, fhen, a case. of the first impression, the court would strongly incline to the opinion

Vol. V.

G

'o.DoVx. Y
TAYLOR.

2316

SUPMEME COURT U. S.

that'Bodley and Hughes. ought, .uot to, receive z
conveyance for the lands within Taylor's survey, aid not within his entry, but on the condition of their consenting, to convey,.to him the lands they hold which were within his entry and are not. included in his survey. But this is not a case of the first imrpr.ssion. The court is compelled to believe that the principle is really settled in. a manner- different from that which this court- would deem..cor·rect, It is. impossible to say how many tijles might be shaken by shaking the principle. The very extraordinary state of land title in that; country, has competled its judges, in a series of decisions, to rear up an artificial pile from which no piece can be taken, by hands, not intimately acquainted with the building, withput end'angering the structure, and producing a misdhief to. those holding under. it, the extent of which may not be. perceived. The
rule as. adopted must be pursued.

Taylor, then, must he srveyed according to the
principles' laid down in this decree, and must convey to the plaintiffs below the lands lying within his patent and theirs, which were not within hii entry.

TAYLOR AND QUARLES V-.BROWN.

The first sur- E ROR td the district court for the Kentucky

c%- .',der a ..

.

ilitary laud district, in a suit i cnancety, wherein Tavlor and

,warat. in Qfarl s were compl'ainauts against Brown. The

tile priorieiqvueis- bill of the com. plainants was dismissed by the

ty. The sur- Court below.
vey is the ret
t3 ppropria Both partieg claimed under military warrants

'The eertifi- upon the king's proclamation, for services rendered
cate ,f survey p
issuffirienteO. prior to !he year. 1.763.
deiic that the
-the aatrisin W21*1Lwsin The. complainants claimed under a watrant h% the survibyor. Javour of nzgus M'Donald,for 2,000 acres issued

Moss v.
RrD LE.

358

5UPRENZ COURT U. S,

if he" had traversed th. oncluslofi, it wotild have been putting in issue to the jury matter of law.

Judgment aqlrmed with costs.

C. Tee suggested that there was also an exception to the refusal of the court to allow an.amended plea to be filed, after the cpurt tad adjudged the pleas bad.

But the Chief 7ustice said that the court had, in ari early part of this term,40e decided that such refu'sal was no error for which the judgment could be
reversed.

See the case of J.anddlle and Jamesson v. ilson, at this term, antef. 15.

BRENT v. CHAPMAN.

Five years' ad- -ERROR to the circuit court for*the district of

verse posses- Columbia, sitting at Alexandria, in an action of tres-

siou of a slave

b

in Virginia, pass brought by Chapman against Brent, marshal

gtiieveuspaogn9wodhiethi- of the district of Columbia, for taking in execition,

trespass may on aft. fa. against the estate of Robert Alexander,; be maintained, deceased, a slave named Ben who was claimed by

Chapman as his property..

The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff, subject to 'the opinion of the court 'upon a statement bf facts agreed- by the p.rties, which was in substance as follows:

The slave was the property, and in possession of
the late Robert Alexander the e lder, at the time of his death. His sons, Robert Alexander, and Walter S. Alexander, were named excutors of his will, but
never qualified as such. On the 17th of December, 1803, Walter S. Alexander took out letters of administrationlirVth the will annexed.. No division was
I

FEBRUARY, 1809.

:359

ever made, by the order of aiy "court, of the perso-
nal estate'of the deceased among his represeitl-aives;. but previous to August, 1800, a p rol division of the slaves was made between Robert. Alexander the younger, and his brother, Walter S." Alexanider, the latter being' theh -under the age of twenty-one years., Robert Alexander' the ybunger being po-sessedof the slave, and being tken upon an execattion for a debt or debts due from himself in his .individual
cliaracter, in.August, 1800, took the oath of insol-
rency under the laws of Virginia, and: delivered up to the sheriff of Fairfax countj, in that state, the slave as a part of his piopefty included in'his sche,
dule. The sheriff sold him at public sale, and the plaintifi,. knowing the slave -to belong to the estate of
the deceased Robert Alexander as aforesaid, became
the. purchaser for a valuable consideration, and took
possession of the slave, -and continued possessed of-
him under the sale anid purchase until ,July, 1806. The plaintiff. in the -winter usually resided in. Mary-
land, and in the summer in Virginia, on his farm, where he kept the slave, atid has never' resided in the district.of C6lumbia.

BRENT
C,.APMAI.

Dunlop & Co. obtained judgment against Rofert Alexander the younger, as executor 6f'his father Robert Alexander, arid, upon aflerifaciasissued iiort
thatjudgment, the marshal seized and tc'k the slave as part of the estate of the testator Robert Alexander, there being nq other property belonging to his estate' in the county which could have been levied except What Robert Alexander .the younger had sold and disposed of for the purpose of'paying his own debti. The agent of the creditors, Dunlop & Co.,'as well
as the-marshal, had noitice, prior to the sale, that the
plaintiff claimed the slave.

Upon this state of the case, the court below rendered judgment for the plaintiff according to the verdict. And the 'defendant brought his writ of .error.

C. Lee) -forthe plaintiff'in error, contended, that,

360

SUPREME- COURT U: S.

Bnzln" CHAPMAN.
~

under the circunastances of this case, five years' pos-
session did not.give a good title to Chapman. The possession was not adverse, fo,' tlhere was no administration upon the estate of RobertAlexander, sen. consequently no person legajlly competent-'to claini the possession. 'Besides, Chapman' knew -that the slave belonged to the estate of the testator.

This debt was a legal ien on the slave.

Robert Alexander, juno could. only. transfer his right"to the sheriff of Fairfax. The goods of the testator cannot be taken in execution for the debt of the executor. 4' T.' R. 625. Farrv. Newman.' Chapman could therefore only purchase the right of Uober'f Akxander, jun. in the slave.

The parol partition was void for the infancy of one of the partiep.. There was no executor qualified to assent to the legacy. By the-laiv of Virgitia, an executor cannot act until he has given 'bond. 1,Cranch, 259. Fenwich v. Sears. 3 Cranch, S19.
.Ramsay v. Dixon.

· It is very doubtful whether five years' posseasion of a sl.ave in Virginia, is itself a good tide for a plaintiff. It may protect the possessioA of a defendant; 'and that is the -only efect of the statute.

Swzann, contra.

Robert A1xander the younger did -not hold the slave as executor of his father's will, but under the legacy. ·

It is immaterial whether Chapman did or did not
know that the .slave belbnged to the estate of the testator. Five years' "possessiou-by Chapman was a god title against all -the world.

In England tweiity yeart' possession is a good bar in ejectment, and it is also a good positiXe, title initself, upon which an ejectmEnt,may be maintained.

,FEBRUARY, 1S0.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. Can an executor distribute BSZNT -the estate before he has qualified and obtained let- C,1JU ters testamentary ?
LIVrNGSTON, J. In England, an executor, before probate, can do every thing but declare.
WASHINGTON, J. mentioned the case of Burnley v. La.nbert, 1'Wash. 308. in which it was decided,,by the court of appeals of Virginia, thate "after the assent of the executor, the legal pr9perty is completely vested in the legatee, and cannot be devested by the creditors."
March 13.
MARSHALL, .Ch.J. delivered the'opinion of the tourt to thefollowing effect:
This court is of opinion that the possession of Chapman was a bar to the seizure of-the slave by the marshal, under.the execution stated in this case. The. only objection of any weight was, that there was no admiristration upon the estate of Robert Alexander, stn. and, consequently, that the possession of Chapman was not -an adverse possession.
But there was an executor competent'to assent, and who did assent, to the legacy, and to the partition between the legatees, and who could not afterwards refuse to execute the will.
Judgment affirmed.

AULD v. NOR VOOD.

,ERROR to the circuit court for the districtof Ifleowuer Columbia. sitting at Alexandria, in an action of omiftshevretpo ere-'detinue for a female slave namned Eliza' Upon the ia 1in the

Vol. .

Z,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
tAzcu Wise, jun. for the use of my creditors, as will ap&" pear; reference being had t6 the said deed."
He does not directly affirm that it is, or is not, -his property. He might have taken the oath although fie knew that the property contained in the deed remalned in himself. The schedule, therefore, was not such as the law requires. The transaction is fraudulent upofi the face of it.
The discharge, being, granted by an incompetent tribunal, is wholly void.
Judgment reversed.

THE UNITED STATES v. 'VOWELL AND MiCLEAN.

Duties upon , ERROR to the circuit court of the Unlied States, goods import- for the district of Columbia, in an action of debt
ed, do not ac-
crue until their upon a bond given by the defendants in error to the arrival at ihe United States, for duties on a cargo of sale from St. POT,,ht eodfuety4"u"p'- Ubes, which arrived and came to anchor within the

on salt, uhicchollection district of Alexandria, sixteen mile; below cseisatseodf'wDietchetmhe- the towfn ikodport of Alexandria, on tthhe 223dd off-De eber, i0so, was cember, 1807, but did not arrive- at, the port of nbt ohargeable Alexandria until thefrst of 'J-anuar , 1808.
upon a cargo thich arrived
xvithin the cot-' The collector of Alexandria refused to permit the
-lection district
beforetha-day, cargo to be' landed until the duties were secured, brjVut__daitdthneotpoarrt- Vowell contended that the salt was not subject to,

of entry untl duty*
the lst of Ja-

" nuary, 1308.

The fats being ipecially pleaded, and admitted

in-the replication, t6 which there was a general de-

murrer, the .only question *as, whetmer, as the duty upon salt ceased wvith the 31st of,:December, 1807, this cargo, which arrived within the district, but nbt

.5 .

FEBRWART, 1o,
at the port of Alexaudria before the fat of January, 1808, was liable to duty;

Tx I. S,VOVW.ELL.

The court below was-of opinion that it was not, and rendered judgmenm for the defendants, upon'the femurrer. t.

The United States brought their writ of error,

zones, for the United States.
The duty attached when the salt was imported into the district, and, perhaps, when brought into the United States.

By the'act of the 1oth of August, 1796, vol. 1pps.
248. a duty of 12 cents a bushel is laid. upon salt which, after the 3Ist of December then next, should be "br bught into the UnitedStates, from any foreign
port orplace." So by the actof the 8th .uly, 1797, vol. 4. p. 35. an Idditional duty of 8 cents is laid. upon all salt importid inio the United. States. By the act of Varch 3, 1807, vol. 8. p. 290. it is enacted, "that from and after the 31st day of December next, so mich of any act as lays a-duty upon imported
talt, be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after The day lqst aforesaid, salt shall he imported into the United States free of duty: Proviled that for the recovery and receiPt of such dutie% as ,phall have accrued, and on the days aforesaid respectively remain outstanding, and for the recovery and distribution of fines,. penalties and forfeitures, and. the remission thereof, which shall have been incurred before and on the said days respectively, -the provisions of the aforesaid act shall remain in full
force ana virtue,"

The laws of the United States take a distinctior between mpoit ng and entering, between a port and a place. Pol 4. ?. 317. § 23. and 24. Goods may be imported Vefoie they are enter~d or delivered. So" if goods are brought in and destined to be delivered in different districts or ports, they are to be in erted-
VOLYV

-rIL u.S. VOWELL.

370r

SUPREME COURT VJ. S.

in the manifest in successive order, and the law speaks of them as imported. The forfeiture for want of a manifest does not accrue at the time of entry, 'but at the time of importng or bringing in.
So if goods are brought into the United States, to be exported again td foreign ports, the law speaks of them as imported, (vol. 4. p. 331,. 332. § 32.) although they are not intended to be landed.

In vo44. p. 327. § 30. is the following expression: "at any .port of the United States established by 'law, or .within any harbour,inlet or creek thereof;"
which shows that a port established by law, is coextehsive with a collection district-

C. Lee, contra.

Until the vessel arrives at the port of entry, neither the duties on the goods, nor on the tonnage, accrue. Yet they both accrue at the same time.

The question is, what is the fiscal meaning of the word imported.

The first collection law, which was passed on the 4th of July, 1789, (Ghilds edit. Laws, vol. I.p. 25.) has the same expression, imported into the United
States. Yet it "afterwards speaks of ithe time of importation, where it evidently means the time when a permit is applied for at the proper office. Some rule is necessary by which to fix the time of importation ; it ought not to depend upon the question at what time the vessel arrived within the jurisdiction of the United States. The same act, when speaking of the qd valorem duties, refers to the timie andplace. of impbrtation, for the purpos6 of ascertaining the value.

·If goods should be lost after- arrival within the
collection district, but before they reached the port
of entry, no-dtities, would accrue upon them. So -if they are damaged, the value is to be ascertained not

FEBRUARY, 191o.

371

at their arrival within the district, -but'atthe port df Tim U.S.

V.

entry.

Vow-LL.

Thesecond collection law, vol. 1. o.248. (FPlweil's edition,) does not repeal the first, except-so far- as it is repugnant thereto, but is ekplainedtby it.

The duty on tonnage does not accrue until, the arrival at the port of entry.

In the act of May 2, 1792, vbl. 2. P. 68. the duties therein mentioned are' to be "laid, levied and, collected upofi the"said articles at theirimportation
into the UnitedStatee."1

I1he acts of congress take a-clear, distinction between a 4istrict and a 'port. A district may contain
severalports. Ifol. 1.p. 162.

The -case ot a vessel'detained by ice, is the only case in which an entry of a vessel.withir the, district can be.made before her arrival at the port of entry.

By the collection act, in vol. 1. p. 175. the district of. Alexandria is created, and a collector is to reside at .Alexandria,which is made the sole port of entry; "and the authority of the officers of the said district shall extend over all the waters, shores, bays, harbours and inlets, on the south side of the river Potomack from the last-mentioned cockpit.point to
the hightst fide water of the said river."

If district meantport, a vessel must enterwithin 48 hours after. arrival within the district, or the vessel and cargo -willbe liable to forfeitur&.

Six months' credit is given for duties from the time of importation., The uniform -construction of the treasury has been that this six months begins from the timeof entry' and permit. In this very case the bond is dated on the 2d of January, 1808, the date'of the, permit.

s72

SUPREME COURT. S.

TuE U. S.
VOWELL.
yz

In all cases too where additional duties have leen imposed, the construction of the treasury has awayc been, that the additional dutieo are to be paid if the' vessel arrived at.theport after the day fixed by law," although she arrived withiu the districtbefore that day.

-March 15.

MARSH, L, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court to the following effect:

The distinction taken by the counsel for the defendants in error, between a- distict and a port of entry, is correct. The duties did not accrue in the fiscal sense-of the term, uritil the vessel arrived at the port of entry. If the question had been doubt"ful, the court would have respected the uniform con.
struction which it is understood has been given by the treasury department of the United States upon similar questions. It is understood that in case of an increase of duty, the United States have always demanded and received 'the additional duty if. the goods have not arrived at the port of.entry before
the tim-e fixed for the commencement of such additional duty, although the vessel may have arrived within the collection' district before that time, The same rule of construction is to be' observed when there is a diminution of duty.

Judgment affirmed.

SLOOP SALLY v. THE UNITED STATES.
An appeal THIS was an appeal from the sentencb of the
ftrroiemr ctohuertdiosf- district court'for the district of _Maine, condemning
the 'district of the sloop Sally and cargo for violation of the revenue Baine, in a laws of the Unmte States. The appeal was directly
case of ad i
ralty jurisdo, to thi* court.

SUPREME COURT U. S..
FIBRUARY TERM, 1809.

THE UNITED* STATES -a. WEEKS.

THzUNITEP
STATES V.
WEEKS.:

THE writ of error in this case wnag]d" i"s'mnissed" by dAoewsrnitootfleierrodir-

the assent of the attorney-general, it having been es otlyo-th

issued from this court directly to the DistrictCourtsuprenle court

for MAiN District; whereas by the

sse0ctht. of the ofthe.U. States

to the district,

judiciary act of '1789, vol. . p. 55. writs of er- courtofthedis-

ror lie from decisions i·n that court to the circuit tarlithrto'ofthMe.aliant,-

court of Massachusetts in the same manner as from ter has all the

other district courts to their respective circuit oiginal iors-

courts ;

notwitsadn ;withstanding

thaat

the district

couurtrof cdutlticnouota.

tIh

Main has all the original jurisdiction of a circuit

court.

CHARLES ALEXANDER v. THE MAYOR AND COIMONALTY OF ALEXANDRIA.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of Co- The corpoalurbia, sitting at Alexandria, to reverse a judgment' riofasawer

of that court rendered against the plaintiff in to tax the lots crror on motion, for taxes due to the defendant in and lands of

error fdt paving the streets inAlexandria.

ltisiot neses.

Vol. V.

A

SUPREME COURT "U.S.

ALEXANDSR A bill of exceptions stated that the plaintiff below

v. proddced and read to, the court the following acts of the general assembly of Virginia, v.iz., " An act

that t ffoor"incorporating the town of Alexandria in the

Iota should lie county of Fairfax, and the town of Winchester- in the'

half-acre lots.
Those taxes county

of

Frederick,"

passed

October

4th,

1779,

cannot be re: by which it is enacted that " The niayor, recorder,

eov/eoruednlbeyssmoin- aldermen and common councilmen shall have power

the ease of a to erect and repair work-houses, houses of" correc-

person holding tion- and prisons and other public buildings for the

land, who has

pisons an othe publi blgs

rt

no other pro- benefit of the said town ; and to make by-laws and

perty in thei ordinances for the repulation. and &ood government

town.

the said town," ,fnot repugnant, kc. (" and to as-

sess the inhabitantsfor the charge of repairing the streets and highways,) to he observed and perform-
ed'by.all manner of persons residing withiii the shme, .underreasonable penalties and forfeitures, to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of the offenders
for the public benefit of the said town."

Also the act of 1786, "To extend the limits of the town of Alexandria," by which if is enacted that the limits of that town " shall exiend to and include as well the lots formerly composing the said town as those adjoining theret6 whicl have beer',.nd are im-
proved."

Also the act of December 16th, 1V96, "Concerning the town ofAlexandria," by which it is enacted "That it shall and may be. lawful for the mayor and corn-
monalty of the town of Alexandria to recover of and from all and every person or persons holding land within the limits of the. said town, ahd"who have no other p qrop.erty witain tkte saidtwrnor w?hMl the taxes or assessnzents imposed oii such property for paving the streets therein can be levied, the amount of such taxes or assessments by 7hotion ih'the court of the county or corporation where such person or persons reside ; provided that such person or persons ha'e ten days' previous notice Qf such motion, and the amount of the taxes or assessments due from him, her or them. And provided also that nothiiig herein contained shall be so construed as to.empower the court to give judgment against any person or
persons residing out of thelimits .ofthe corporation

ICEBRUARY, 18o.
6f Alexandria, and owning ground therein, having ALExAsnE no house on. it, where the service (to compensate fAY^v.. which the tax or assessment has been or may be im- M R& poied) has been or.may be peiformed before the last day of Fdbruary, 1797 ; but for the collection of such taxes, the same means may be used which would have been lawfql before the passage of this act."
Also the act of 13th of December, 1796,".Adding to the town of Alexandria certain lots contiguous. thereto, and for other purposes therein mentioned," the preamble of which recites, that" Whereas several additions of lots contighbus to the town of Alexandria have been laid off by the proprietors of. the land,'in lots of half an acre each, extending to the north, to a range of lots upon the nbrth side of a street called Montgomery; upon the south, to the line of the district of Columbia; upon the -west, to a range of lots upon the west side of West street; and upon the east, to the river Potomac; that many of the lots-in these additions have already been built upon, and many more will soon be imptoved; and whereas it has been represented to the general assembly that the inhabitants, residing on the said lots, are not subject to the regulations made and -established for the orderly government of. the towh, and for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants, by the preventipn and removal of nuisances, upon which their prospeity and well being do very much depend,"
Be it therefore enacted,that each and every lot or part of a lot within the limits aforesaid, on which at this time is built a dwelling-house of at least sixteei feet square, or equal thereto in.size, with a brick.or stone chimney, and that each and every lot within said limits which, shall hereafter be built upon, shall be incorporated with the said. town of Alexandria, and be considered as part thereof."
Also an act " Extending the jurisdiction of the mayor and -commonalty of the town -of Alexandria, and for other puip ses," the preamble whereof recites, that "'Whereas by an act oi"assembly pissed in the year 1796, entitled, an act dddiri' to the town of Alexandria -certain lots bontiguous thereto, and for otr .purposes therein maettdo.-

SUPREME COURT U. S.
ALRXANIMn ed, it is enacted that certain improved lo 'and V. all others as they become so improved, within
Sthe .bounds in the said act mentioned, be added to, and 'made -part of, the said town of Alexandria, thereby leaving out of the jurisdiction of the mayor and commonalty of the said town, the unimproved lots within the, limits aforesaid, as long as they shall so remain unimproved; by which means the prosperity of the said town is in a great degree prevented,-
SECT. 1. "Be it therefore enacted, That the unimproved lots within ,the limits aforesaid shall be and are-hereby incorporated with and considered as a part'of the said town of Alexandria, and subject to the same regulations as the'other parts thereof.
SECT. 2.. "The mayor and -commonalty of the said town are. hereby authorized and empowered, whenever they may deem it proper, to open, extend, regulate, pave and improve the streets of the said town; provided, however, that they shall make to every person or.persons injured by the extension of any of the said streets, such compensation, out of the funds of the corpor.ation, as to the said mayor and commonalty shall appear to be just."'
The plaintiffs produced also the necessa-ey by-laws and documents to show the regularity and amount of the assessment.
- On the part of the defendant it wa proved that he never was an intlabitant of the town of Alexandria--that the property assessed was not within the original limits of the town, but lies within the limits described by the act "1Adding to the town of K exandria certain lots contiguous thereto, and for ofter purposes." -
It was not proved that the deferndant had ever laid off any part of the property into lots,'of half an acre each, or in any other manner, or that he had ever built any dwelling-house thereon. But -it wis proved that alwacys after the assessment the defend-. ant ?adpersonalpropertyvwithin the town. on Whick

FEBRUARY, 18O9

5

the assessmnents could have been levied; (but it did ALXAHDXZh

not appear that the personal property had been on

.

any of the lots assessed;) and that the serjeant of

the towh informed the mayor and common council,

that he could m'ake distress on the defendant's per-

sonal property in the town of Alexandria, for the

assessments.

The property assessed was part of a tract.of land which'the defendant holds in the neighbourhood of the tolyn. The commissioner of the streets of the town had been directed by the mayor to make a plan of the town, and had applied to the defendant to know whether he did not wish to have the plan extended on his land which lay adjoining the town on the north, to which the-defendant replied that hewished to have four streets and four ranges of squares laid off through his land; and being reqtuested to name the streets, he called them Pendleton, Wythe, Madison and Montgomery, by which names they were designated on the plan ; 'and the defendant had sold or let lots agreeably to the plan, and. designated as bounded by those streets. Some of those streets were actually- laid out, and tlxe corners designated by stakes and stones at the request of individuals.
On the plan the defendant did not desigaate any smaller quantity of' ground than regular squares of two acres each, agreeably to the manner :in which the toWn was laid off by the act for establishing the
same.

The pronerty assessed laid within the four nei" ranges of squares above m'entioned, and the defend-
ant had by sdveral deeds sold and-conveyed" several squares and parcels of land less than two acres within those. four ranges of squares.

C. Simzms, for plaintiff-in etror, contended, 1st-, That the land was-nof liable to be taxed until.it was- lald" off into half-acre lots, -and'that it had never been so lald off, although. ithad been laid 'off into two acre squares.
%o'd. That the corpgration had power, to assegs iLhabitants.only; and -

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ALEXAXDaR 3d, That there cannot be a judgment upon mo'-

MAYOR, hic. tion, because there was always personal property of

'

Mr. Alexander in the town which might have been

distrained for the taxes.

Swann, contra.

The corporation has power to make all by-laws
for the good government of the town, and not repugnant to the general laws of the state. This in-
cluded the power to order and provide for the pave-
ment of the streets, and to raise taxes for that pur-. pose, by assessments on the. persons and property within the town.

The acts of the 13ti and 16th December, 1796, clearly recognise the power-to tax the property of non-residents.

It was unnecessary to lay out the',half-acre lots. The squares were regularly divided into four lots each by ideal lines.

The mode of collecting the taxes by distress and. sale. of personal property, was only a cumulative. remedy. The corporation was not bound to, resort. to 'it. It was a -More severe, and" harsh manner of proceeding than that by notice'and motion, especially as the principal object of both parties was to try the right of the corporation to tax the property.
February 8.

MARSHA.L, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court, as follows, viz.

In the proceedings in-this cause two errors are assigned by *the plaintiff.

1st. That the. cor1oration had.nQ'lower to assess the tax for which the4udgmen-..woa.endered.

2d, That the judgment is irregular, because rendered on motion.
5"

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

7

Both these points are to be decided by the several ALzxAx1sp0 acts of the- legislature of Virginia respecting the M ,yo, , town of Alexandria.

In support of the first it is contended,

1st. That the corporation has no power to tax property not belongingto an inhabitant of the town; and Charles Alexander was not an iinhabitant.

2d. That -the property, on Which this tax was assessed, was not within the corporation.

The words of the act of I779, which is the first act shown to the court that confers the power of taxation, are these " The mayor, recorder, aldermen and comnion councilmen shall have power to erect
and repair- work-houses, houses of correction and prisons, or otherpublic buildings, forthe benefit of the said town; and to make by-laws and ordinances for he regulation and good government of the said town ; provided such by-laws or-ordinances shall not be re-
pugnant to, or inconsistent with, the laws and constitution of this commonwealth, and to assess the in. habitants for the charge of repairing the streets and
highways."

For the plaintiff it is contended that the power of taxation, here given, is,in terms, confined to assessments made on the inhabitants. On the part of the defendants it is urged that the express power to
assess the inhabitants .is for the sole purpose of improving their streets, and that an express power is
also given to makg expensive establishments, the means of erecting which could be furnished only by taxes ; that the power to make by-lavs must there-
fore necessarily be construed io"involve the power
of taxing, at least for these objects.

Without deciding this question as depending
merely on the original law, it is to be observed that acts in pari materia are to be construed together
as forming one act. If in a subsequent clause of the same act provisions are introduced, which show

SUPREME COURT U. S

ALEXANDEa
X[ .

the sense in which the legislature employed doubtful
phrases previously used, that sense is to be adopted in construing those phrases. Consequently, if a subsequent'act on the same subject- affords complete
demonstration of the legislative sense of its own language, the rule which has been. stated, requiring that the subsequent should be incorporated into the foregoing act, is a direction to courts iii expbunding the provisions of the law.

The act of the loth of December, 1796, contains
this clause: " It shall and may be lawful for the mayor and. commonalty of the town of Alexandria to recover, of and from all and'every person or
persons holding land within the limits' of the said town, and who have sio other property within the said town on which the taxes or assessments imposed on such property for paving the streets therein can be levied, the amount of such taxes ,orassessments, by motion in the court of the county or corporation where such person or persons reside."

This claiuse mdst obviously contemplates. a full right to assess taxes on property- lying within- the. town and belonging to non-residents; for it gives a right to recover such assessment in the court of any county or corporation in which the owner Qf such property may reside. It is either a legislative. exposition of a-power fornierly .granted, or the grant of a: new power.

If the words of the enacting clause could admit .of doubt, the proviso would remov.e that doubt.- It is that the clause which has been recited should'not "be so constru'd as to empower the court to give. judgment againstl any person or persons; residing dat of the limits 'of the 'corporation of Alex~ndria,
and owning-ground, therein, haying no 'house on it, where 'the servicei ;to compensate which the taxor assessment hds been br may be iriposed, ha' been 6r may be peformed before the last"diy of FebruarY, 17-973 but f'or~the collection ,of $uch tax the same means riiay, be u&d, Which ,Would'have been lawful befer tie pass'age of this'act."

FEBRUARY, 1809.

9

This proviso shows, as clearly as .words can show- ALZXANZES the sense of the legislature in favour of taxing the Myon,&C. land of noil-residents.

The same act appears to the court to remove any doubt, which might otherwise exist, respecting the second branch of this question.

Upon a critical examination of the actof the 13th of Decembdr, 1796, the court 'wouldfeel much diffi-
culty in declaripg that it comprehended in the corporation of Alexandria only that ground which was actually divided 'into half-acre lots, and' the: court
would be the less inclined to take this distinction, because io inducement for making it is to be found in the nature of the,'thing, or could have existed.witb. the legislature.

The preamble states the lots, represented. as con-, tiguous to the town of Alexandria, to have been
laid'off, by the proprietors, in lots of half 'an acre each, within certain limits which are described by the lAw. The enacting clause drops the quantity of which a lot is to consist, and declares that every lot, or part of a lot, within the limits described, which, had' been or should be improved, should 'be made part of t he town of Alexandria. The act of 17 8 annexes to the town all the unimproved lots within those limits. The case finds that the property on which'the tax for which the judgment is endered wyas imposed, is within those limits, and was laid off as part.of the- town in squares of two acres, but 'these squares'wer6 ndt actually subdivided into halfacre lots.

The tertn half-acre u~ed' in *thepreamble of the

act of '1796 is a description of a circumstance pro-

bably contained in the representation on which the

law was founded. But it is impossible to consider

that part of the representation as materiaf to the law.

If the squares were regularly laid out, the subdivi-

·sions of.those squares- were unimportant, for that

subdivision 'would always depend on the caprice of

purchasers and sellers. -Lots and partsofltf might

Vl. .

B

I

SUPREM]t COURT U. S.

AL.XADER
MAYOR, L.
,

be -separated, or annezed to each other, atwill. The
enacting clause, therefore,-of the first act, comprehends every lot, dr part of a lot, within. the described limits, which had been 6r, should be improved; and the enacting cl4use of-the* act of 1798 compre-
hends -every lot within; those limits. That a square' comprehended in ihgse limits, laid off as part of the town, and containing precisely four half-acre lots, should-be donsidofed'as 6xcluded from the town; and not liable to taxation for the improvement of the streets, for the single reason that the proprietor had not marked thereon -helines of 'ubdivision, would. nraz be readily conceded.

But if a doubt respecting the sense of the legislature could otherwise be entertained, that doubt is removed by the act of the 16th of December, 1796,
already recited? which particularly respects the power of taxation; and gives the remedy by motion.
That act drops the term 11lot,"' and uses the term "land." 'Itawihorizes the corporation to recover by motion agai4st any person " holding land within the limits of th' town" "the taxes or assessmentsimposed thereon." The proviso, which.has been also recite, uses the term " ground," and considers teery person owning ground within those limits as liable to be taxed. The 3d section of the same act
declares, " that when the proprietof of any lbt 6f ground within the said town shall fail to fill up any pond of water, or remove any nuisapce,.2 as directed by the corporatiop, the mayor and coiim6nalt may' eiercise corporatt; powers in the case. If the squares-
in question do not consist of lots, because the subdivisions have not been actually marked, yet thEy consist of land, they consist-of ground, and being within the limits of the town, they are, in the opirfion of the couit, within the corlioration, and subject to taxqtion.

But the remedy in the actual case is not by mo-
tion.- The act affording this remedy gives it only in a specified case. It is given only in the caseof " a person or persons holding land within the limWits of

FEBRUARY, 1809.

the said town, and who have'no otherproperty with-
in the said town." This is not, as has been said, a
direction to the officer of the corporation, butits a description of the pre.cise case in which alone the Temedy by motion is allowed. It being found that Charles Alexander had property in the town from
which the Officer could have levied the tax assessed on him; a motion for that tax was not sustainable. If the corporation did not choose to risk levying the tax by seizure, they might have instituted a suit to
determine their right.

AL X&NDEn,
MoR, .

This court isunanimously of opinion, that the circuit court erred in giving j udgmenit for the plaintiff
on motion, and therefore directs that the said judg-
ment be reversed and annulled.

JIENDERSON .m.MOORE

ERROR to* the circuit court of the district of The refusal t.

the court he-

Columbia. ,

low to grnt a

new trial is not

On the plea of payment to a·n action of debt upon eUrpruonr.the plea

a bond, for 500 dollars, dated in .17811 the defend- of payment to ant offered evidenc·e o.to p·rove that in the'yeir 179"7 adnebt acuttipoonn oift

the plaintiff acknowledged that he had received of bond condi-

the money of the defendant to the amounft of about tioned to pay

oe W T

"

500 dollars, ev-

1,000 dollars,. of one Willoughby Tibbs, out of heidence may he

amount of a decree which the defendant had ob-'reeeived ot the

tained against him for 3,000 dollars, and that te smalleroa'sum

money *whichhe so received was in full of all his with an -aclaims against' the defendant, the" plaintiff havilg kbynotwheledpglaminetnitff

paid for the defendant several sums of money. There that itwas in was no settlement made, nor any receipt give. n, fmuallndosf; aallndde-

Whereupon the plaintiff prayed the court to in- from such evistruct the jury,that if from the evidence they should denqe, if un.
.contradicted,
be satisfied thfat the bond had not been fully paid the jury may

off, no -declaration of the plaintiff's ' that his claims and ought to

against the defendant were all satisfied' would b infer pa-eot

bar.to his recovery in this action; which instruction

VtOiZETT pV,,,

SUPREMB .COURT V. S.
the fact of insolvency. Other testimony may be admitted. It would therefore have been proper to leave it to the jury to determine whether it was, at any tiine, in the power of the plaintiff to have made the.money due on this note, or any part of it, from the maker by suit; and their verdict ought to have been regulated by the testimony in this respect.

This-opihion was not-required.

This . coqrt is of opinion that there is no error, and that thejudment is to be ajirmed with costs.

PIERCE v. TURNER.

The net of as. ERROR 'to the circuit court of the district of sembly of Vir- Columbia, sittig at Alkxandria, in an action of debt gini" e hih brought by Pierce against Rebecca Turner, charging corded deeds her'as executrix in her own wrong of her late husVoid as to cre. band, Charles Turner, deceased,
difore, ond subecjquent pur-
cerheudsiteorlsrs,meaonfs, Upon the isssuueeectiohefur never excrttrix, the jury
and subsequent iound a special verdict, stating in substance the folpfrnorrenh,thaieergsymt- lowing case

A marringe On the14th of Feruary, 1798, the defendant, by nettlement the the uame of Rebecca Kenner, being a fethe sole,

wife's "nd hud and seised and possessed, in her own right, of cer-

shives to tritlst-
s, by a dcI, tain land and slaves,

conveye.d the

same by deed,

in

to which the consideration of an intended marriage between her-

husband was a self and Charles Turner, to trustees, to be held in

party,althou'gh

Snt recorded, trust for the use of herself' until the marriage

protects the should be solemnized, And from and aifter the so-

1he eceditors lemnization thereof to the, use of herself and the

of the hus. said Charles Turner, and the longest liver of them,

band.

ancL from"and' after their- deaths, to the use of her

heirs, The deed purports to be an indenture tripar-. tite, in-which Charles TUrneir is nathed as the sdcond party, and as such he duly executes the deed;

FEBRUARY, 1809.
le does not, however, make any settlement-of his own property upon his intended wife, but appears to be made a party merely for the purpose of testifying his .privity and consent.
About four months after the exeqution of the deed, two of the three subscribing witnesses- poved the execution, before the county court. of Fairfax, where all the parties inhabited. That probat-wa.s duly.certified by the clerk under direction of the court. But the deed purporting to be a conveyance of land as wei 'as slaves, and one of the subscribing witnesses, soon after the execution of it,. ,having left the United' States, and never having returned, the deed was not .fully admitted to record, but remained in the clerk's office under the certificate. of probat before stated, until the'1st of September, f807, when the county court, upon proof of the absence of .the third subscribing witness, and of his hand-writing, admitted the deed "to record; all which' is certified by the recording clerk, and found by the special verdict.
Soon after the execution of the deed, and in the same month, (February, 1 '98,) the contemplated marriage took place; whereupon the trustees put Turner into possession of the land and slaves, and he continued possessed of the same, with the knowledge and approbation of the trustees, till his death, which happened some time in the'month of December, -802, less than fivje years from the time of his "mariage, and of his first coming into possession of the property.
Turner and his wife resided in Alexandria from the time of their marriage till the autumn of 1801, when they removed into the county of Northumberland, in the state of Virginia, taking the slaves with them by consent of the trustees; they continued -to. reside there, upon the land in the deed mentioned, on which the.slaves were kept, till his death, in December, 1802. Upon his death she reniained in popssession both of the land and slaves, claiming exclusive property in the same, and- to

Prritc L.

156

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ixacs b'old possession of the same with tht privity and

approbation of the trustees, Fhose privity and

Sapprobation

are expressly found. In the autumn

of 1803, the defendant removed back to Alexan-

dria, in, the district. of Columbia, and brought

with her a part of the slaves, (of value sufficient

to satisfy the pjlaiintiff's debt,) and has ever since

resided in Alexandria, and there used the slaves so

brouight-with her.,

Three months after Turner's death, and seven months before the defendant removed from Nor-
thumberland backeto Alexandria, the county court .of Northumberland, finding that no person would
apply for administration of the intestate's, estate, committed the administration. to the sheriff of the county, under a particular statute of Virginia. Tife sheriff returned an inventory of assets apprized at 4.,6,31 dollars and 72 cents, which was distributed in du&proportions among the creditors, under the special direction of the court. But the plaintiff putin no claim, and, not being on the list of creditors reported to the court, received no part of the sum so distributed. None of the slaves onveyed by the said deed were meddled with in the course of time sheriff's administration, nor included in the inventory and appraisement, although they -were all then in the county, and some of them have continued in the county ever since Turner's death. It is found tnat Turner died insdlvent, unless the said slaves are charged -with his debts.

By the 4th section of the act of assembly of Virginia, entitled " An act for regulating conveyances," it ip. enacted, "that all conveyances of lands," "and
hll dedds of settlement upon marriage wherein either lands, slaves, poney or other personal thing shall be settled,?) "and all deedsof trust andj mortgages whatsoever," "shall -be void as to all creditors and subvequent purchasers.unless they shall be acknowledged, or 'proved and recorded according to the
directions of this act; burthe samne, as between the parties and their hoirs, shall nevertheless be -valid and- binding .'"

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

The deed in question never was proved or acknowledged and recorded -iccording to the directions of the act; and the question was, whether it was void as to t/he creditors of the husband, so as to charge the widow as his executiix in her nwn wrong.

izxvcs T.R.v"

The opinion of the court below was, that'the deed
was good and effectual to prevent the property vesting in the husband by virtue of the marriage, and consequently was never liable for his debts. That at the time of the marriage no legal,estate in
the slaves was vested in the wife, and therefore nothing was transferred to the husband by the marriage.

E:.7. Lee, for the plaintiff in error.

By marriage all the personal estate of the wife
becomes the absolute property of the husband.
The operation of this principle can only be prevented by pursuing strictly the mode pointed out by lfiw. This deed wants those legal solemnities which !he law requirei to make it valid against creditors. The plaintiff is a credit6r' the deed is, therefore, not valid against him. The word creditor, in the act of assembly, means not only the creditors of the grantor, but'the creditors of every person whose debts could have been legally satis-
fied out of the property, if such deed had not been made. If the word.is to have the limited construetion contended for on the other side, and the deed be void only as to her creditors, and as to subsequent purchasers from her, the statute becomes nu-
gatory ; because after marriage she has 2zo.creditors, and cannot sell and convey. Her creditors have
become his creditors ;'her debts have become his debts. If the deed be void as to her creditors, it must be void as to his creditors. If she can neither sell nor have creditors, the act must apply to his creditors, or it will be idle and unavailing.

If the husband had sold these slaves to persons ignorant of the deed, the sale would have been valid.

SUPREME COUR U. S.

PIERCE
TU-R,

If he had begn trusted upon the faith of this propertv, which he had.in his possession, and which was Ssupposed to have come by his wife, such creditors, who were ignorant of the deed, would have a right to payment out of this property. If they could not, the possession of the slaves would have been a fraud upon stich creditors.

It is true, in the present case, thd debt was contracted before the marriage, but that carlnot alter the principle of law. If the deed be void as to any of his creditort, it is void as to all.

The tepn creditors is general, and literally 6omprehiads c'reditors of the husband, as well as
creditor ' of the wife. Where the words of a statute are plain, the court cannot indulge any latitude 6f construction, but must ptirsue the words. 3 C'all, 106. 2 Call, 183. Eppes v. Pandolbh.

If the property ws liable for the husband's debts, it was assets, and her appropriating it to her own use, makes her an executrix in her own wrong; (Tdller, 17.) although she did it claiming them as her own, and under a void deed; 2 Vin. Abr. 211.
2 Term Rep. 588. Edwards v. Mkiercer. Cro. Yac. 270. ifazues v. Loring. 2 Bac. AAbr. 338. 5 Co. 34. a., even if there be a rightful administrator. But the
possession taken by'the sheriff of Northumberland county was not an administration. 2 Term Rep. 97.

If this deed be valid against creditors, no mar-, riage settlement need be recorded. It renders unnecessary all the precaution which the legislature so anxiously took to prevent this kihd of fraud and imposition.

C. Sinms, A B. Key and Yones, contra.

The act for regulating conveyances, as it relates to creditors and their debtorsi wa4 intended to protect the former against secret deeds and-convey-
ances made by the latter; it never was iotended to5

FEBRUARY, 1909.

159-

injure the rights of third persons, who do not claim Pxiacz

fnder the debtor.

T .

Lord Mansfield, in the case of Cadogan v. Ken2zett, Cowp. 434. speaking of the statute of 13 .Bliz.
c. -5.which relates to frauds against creditors, says, that "such a construction is not to be given in support of crqditors as will make third persons suf-
ferers."

If there is any difficulty in the construction of this act it arises from the generality of the expression " creditorsand subsequent purchasers."

The first section of the act declares, that no conveyance shall be good against any creditor or purchaser, for valuable consideration, not hauing nt·tice thereof, unless it be acknowledged or proved by three witnesses, &c.

What purchaser is intended by this act? Un--
questionably a purchaser from the person who made 'the first deed. The effect or operation 6f the act, is to give validity to the second deed duly proved
and recorded in preference to a prior deed, not duly proved and recorded; and not to invalidate the first
deed, in favour of a purchaser for a valuable consideration from a person other than the maker of the
first deed..

To illustrate the subject; suppose A. the rightful
owner of property makes a conveyance 6f it to B. which is not recorded. C. who sets up a claim to the Property, sells, and conveys it to D. for a valuablc consideration, and the deed is duly re-
corded; would the deed frorp A. to B. be considered as void against D. who does ntt claim -under A.? certainly not. Then the subsequent purchaser must claim under the person who made
the firsf deed, or the first deed cannot be considered void as to him. So the general term 1 creditors," used in the act must, for ihe like reasons, be under.stood to mean the creditors of the grantor or bar-

SUPREME COURT U. S.
PizV..xca gainor in'the first deed, and none but such creditors TutkIR. can set aside the deed.
IW'A. by deed conveys property to B. and the deed is not recorded according to the act. C. the heir of A. contracts debts. The creditors of C. would have no lien or claim on the property conveyed by A. to B., nor would it be liable in any manner to C.'s debts; yet, but for the deed, the land would have descended to C. The right which creditors have to the property of their debtor is derivative. If -he never had a right to the property, they can have none. Charles Turner never had any right to this property, unless ufider the deed.
.Rebeccd' enner, before the marriage, was the sole and absolute 'owner of it, and was fully competent to dispose of it as she thouaht proner.
She did dispose of it by a deed to trustees, which she was competent to make, which was completely binding upon her, and which devested from her all legal title and claim to the property. At the time of the marriage she had no legal estate in her which could, by" operation of 'law, be transferred to her husband by the marriage. As he was a party to the' deed, and thereby assented to it, he was bound by it, and could never set it aside. Between all the parties to the deed it was as valid and binding" as if it had been duly acknowledged and recorded. The creditors of Charles Turner can claim nothing which he could not claim. If the marriage did not transfer the property to him, they. cannot claim it at law. What never was his cannot be theirs.
If the property never was his, so as.to be assets, the defendant can never be charged as executrix in her own wrong for taking possession of it.
MBut even if this property should finally be adjudged to be assets,'yet we contend she is not liable as executrix de son toqrt. -If she took possession of the slaves on a fair-claim of -property, believing her-

FEBRUARY, 1809.

161

self lawfully entitled to them, it cannot'amount to such a tortious act as will charge her as executrix de
8on tort. Bro. Abr. Adm'n;strator;pl 36. Executor, p. 162. _Fitz. Abr. . Executor, pl 65. Roll, Abr, Executor, pl.417. 11 Pin. Ar. Executor, C. a. and B. a. ph 5. 2 Leon, 226. Com. Dig. Ada.-Mistrator, C. 2. Freem. 13.pl. 12. Dyer, 166. Stohesv. Por-·
ter.

P.Vr_tz. TukNEn.

The deed was good at law between the parties, and by the assent of her trustees she had a legal right to the possession; and wherever a person comes lawfully into the possession of the goods he can, never be charged as executor de son tort. The rightful executor could never claim these slaves as assets, because the deed was good between the parties, and he would be estopped by the sealing and delivery of the deed-by Charles Turner, his testator.

If the creditors of the husband have any remedy, it, must be in equity; where it is a well settled principie that-if the representatives of the husband are obliged to resort to equity to get possession of the wife's estate, they shall first make her an adequate settlement. She is considered as a fair creditor to that extent. 1 Ponbl. e. 2. § 6. p. 87: note k. 10, Ves. jun. 360. Rider v. Kidder. 1 P. Wms. 382. Yacobson v. Williams. And so far from setting aside such a deed as this, a court of equity will enforce a mere agreement for a settlement even in opposition to creditors.

If this were a contest between the creditors of

th wife, and the creditors of the husband, the con-

test must be decided in favour of the former.

" Though the husband by the marriage adopts the

wife and her circumstances together, and is liable to

her then debts, yet he is liable to them only during

the coverture, unless the creditor recover judgnent

against him in the lfe-time of the wvife; nor can a.

court of equity make him liable in respect of the

fortune-which he may have had with her." 1 Fonb.

91. c. 2. § 6. 1 P. Wims. 461. Earl of Thomond v.

Vol. V.

X

162

SUPREME COURT U. S.

v'mtc
TuRNP.R.

Earl of Suolh. 3 P. Wins. 410. Heardv. Stamford. Forrester, 173. Her debts do not by .the Smarriage become absolutely his debts. Her credit-
ors d6 not lose their right of action against her; but after his death may pursue their remedy against her and her separate estate.

The terms debtor and creditor are correlative. The creditor meant by the statute must mean the creditor .Dfthat debtor whose deed is to be set aside.
This deed was not void ab initio as to any creditor of either of the parties. For' eight honths it was valid as to all creditors; and is still valid as to'all the parties.
Here is no fraud, either legal or moral, as to the ereditors- of the husband. The consideration of marriage is a fair, a valuable, and a highly fav6ured consideration, and has always prevailed, both at law and in equity, even against creditors.
The plaintiff's counsel, however, set up the marriage itself to defeat the deed made in consideration of that marriage.
The case of Edwards v. Mflercer, 2 Term Rep. 588. was a case of fraud. "It was void ab initio; not by reason of the omission to record it
MARSHATL, Ch. J. mentioned the case of Ander. son v. Anderson, 2 Call, 204. where it seems to have been decided that the word creditor,in the act, included creditors of the husband as well as creditors of the wife.

zones. That was not the case of a conveyance, but of a contract before marriage without the intervention of a trustee. This contract" did not, and could not, prevent the legal operation of the mar-
iage which transferred every thing to the husband. The wife was possessed of the legal estate at the time of the marriage. But in the present case the

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

163

deed was good, and no legal estate remained in Rebecca Kenner, at ihe time of her marriage.

Piscs TURNZR.

Swann, in reply.

The words of the act are, that the deed. shall be
void as to " all creditorsand subsequentpuchasersO unless, &c. The plaintiff being a creditor, it is'void. as to him. By the marriage the property, at to the plaintiff's claim, vested-in Charles Turner, in the same manner as if Rebecca Kenner had transferred it to him by deed duly acknowledged and recorded. He received possession of them, and from that pOssession acquired credit with the plaintiff and others.
If this property should niot be rendered liable to his debts, the obbject of'the law will be frustrated.

To restrict the term creditorsto the creditors of the grantoris neither consistent with the- letter nor
the spirit of the law.

If this' construction be correct, the creditors of a subsequent purchaser are not eri.titled to the benefit of this act, If the property should pass through the' hands of six purchasers, .would not the creditors of the last purchaser be entitled to 'seize it? And shall the vendor set up a secret deed, and claim it, because the creditor.is not his creditor? How would this differ from the case of a creditor of the first purchase'? , The claim of such a creditor-would be
good against the secret deed of the vendor.

The marriage being a purchase; the creditor stands upon the ame ground.

The creditors of the vendor and purchaser have a right to consider the deed as null.

If the vendor retains possession of the property, and appears to be the owner, the creditor may seize it notwithstanding a secret unrecorded deed.

So if a purchaser has obtained a deed for it, and

PXFV. cE TURNER 1

164

SUPREME COURT U. S.

is the apparent owner of it, the creditor of the purchaser mdy seize it notwithstanding a, secret unrecorded deed.

Unless the act of. assembly has this operation, it has none, and no marriage settlement will be record-
ed in future.

The derivative title'may be bettertthan the original; as in the case of a purchaser without notice
from a purchaser with notice.

Charles Turner had notice, but if he had sold to a purchaser who had not notice, this purchaser must have held the property against this unrecorded deed. Sugden's Law of Vendors, 448. 2 Fern. 384. Anib. 313. 2 Atk. 242.

The deed was void ab initio as to creditors, as soon as the time for recording had elapsed.

March 13.

W.AsiTIGTOI,, J. delivered the opinion of the court as follows, viz.

This is an action brought by a creditor of Charles
Turner, against Rebecca Turner, who is charged as his exdcutrix; and the questions submitted to the
coniideration of the court are, 1st. Whether the slaves, mentioned in the deed of the 14th of Febru-
ary, 1798, ire to be taken as assets belonging to the estate of Charles Turner; and if so, then, 2d. Whether Mrs. Turner can, under the circumstances "of this case, be properly charged as an executrix of her own wrong? It the first question be determined in
favour of the defendant in error, it will become unnecessary to consider the second; as it does not appear that Mrs. Ttirrier intermeddled in any mauner
with the estate ot her deceased husband, unless these slayes did, in point of law, constitute ;4 part of that estate.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

165

The first question depends upon the construction
which me court may give, to thle 4th section of the statute of Virginia, passed on the 13th of December, 1792, enutled " An act for regulating Conveyances," which declares that all convyances of land, mar-. riage settlements of lands, slaves, or other personal property, deeds of trust and mortgages thereafter made should be void as to allcreditorsandsubsequent purchasers,unless the same were acknowledged or proved, and recorded within the time prescribed by the statute; but that the same as between the par-. ties and their heirs should nevertheless be valid and
bindine.

Pianuc
TUREEa.

The deed .from Rebecca Kenner, the defendant in error, previous to her intermarriage with Charles Turner, by which the slaves in question were set-
tled on the said Charles Turner and herself, during their lives, and the life of the longest liver of them, with remainder to the heirs of the said Rebecca, not having been proved and recorded within the time prescribed by law, it is contended by the plaintiff in error that the same became void as to the creditors of Charles Turner, whose rights remained unimpaired by that deed, in the same manner as if it had never been made; in which case, it is not denied that an absolute estate would have vested in the hus-
band, on his marriage.

This argumentproceeds upon the ground, that-by
the words " all creditors and subsequent purchasers," is meant as well the creditors of the grantee and subsequent purchasers from him, as those who might-derive title under the grantor. Although the
words are certainly broad enough to comprehend the whole, it is believed by a majority of the court that the construction should be such as to limit the applcation of them t- the creditors of, and subsequent parchasers' from, the grantor. In no case but one,
where a title can be set up for the grantee paramount the deed, can it ever be the interest of a creditor of the grantee to insist upon such a construction as is contended for in this. for as lie must derive his title

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PzrFuC TuR'VN.n R.

under the deed, if it be void as to him, it is impossible for him to found a claim upon it in right of the'

Sgrantee,

whose only title is under the deed. it

would be strange that a deed should be binding upon

the grantee and his heirs. and yet void as to persons

claiming under him, for a valuable consideration;

and yet such would be the consequence, if the words

" all creditors and subsequent purchasers" should

be understood to apply to persons claiming under

the grantee as well as those claiming under the gran-

tor. Indeed it would seem repugnant and absurd

to apply the same expressions to persons, who, if

they claim at all, must claim under the deed, and

also to those who claim against the deed; in the

latter case, the invalidity of the deed is consistent

with the claim, in the former it is destructive of it,

It may be said, however, that these observations
are inapplicable to this particular case, because the creditors of the husband do not claim under but
against the deed ;- and, in' this respect, stand upon tht same ground as the creditors of the grantor. But if in every other case which can be -stated, the in'validity of the deed is applicable to the creditors of the grantor, or those claiming unider him, and to none
other, by what rule of construction, can the same words have a more extended meaning, so 'as to be applied to persons who claim in right Of a party'tc.
the same deed other than the grantor. If the deed i. question had granted to Charles Turner an estate in fee as to' the land, and for life in respect to the slaves, would it have been void as to simple contract creditors, 'who could go only against the persqnal estate, and, good as to specialty creditors, who might subject the real assdts? and yet, if the deed be void at all, as to the creditors of thd husband, it must be so throughout; in which case it inight well be doubted whether the' land lcould be made liable to the payment of the husban l's debts; or, to present
the question in a less doub~ful shape, would the deed be-considered void as to 4 purchaser, from the husband, of the slaves, and good as to a purchaser of the land ? Let the true interpretation of the words " all
5

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

167

creditors and subsequdnt purchasers" be on"ce ascertained, and every difficulty in the case is at an end.
If they are construed to mean the creditors of the grantor, or subsequent purchasers from him, then, the deed being good between all the parties to it, no estate vested ii Charles Turner, but such as the deed itself passed to him. The title of his creditors being clearly derivative, if he had no title under the deed, (and being himself bound by it, he could have none which was inconsistent with it,) then his
creditors could have none. But if he had a title incompatible with that granted by the deed, then he was not bound by the deed; contrary tothe statute which declares that he was bound. If'his creditors have any such title, it cannot be derived from him,
when, in point-of law, he had none in himself; and, independent of his title, it is impossible to show any in them. If a subsequent purchaser, with notice of a prior unrecorded deed, could not- prevail against
the title of the first purchaser, and most unquestion-
ably he could not, how much stronger is the case
when such subsequent purchaser is even a party to the first deed, and claims an interest under it? To say in this case, that, upon the. marriage of Charles Turner, or at any time afterwards, the law cast upon him an estate in the property conveyed by this deed, of which he had notice, and to which he was a party, inconsistent with the estate conveyed to him
by that deed, (and this must be said, if his creditors can claim such estate in his right,) is, in the opinion of a majority of the court, repugnant to the plain
meaning and spirit of the law under consideration.

PIVR.Q&
TuRa-Tn.

That creditors of the husband, or purchasers from him, may be injured by the construction which this court feels itself compelled to give to this law, need not be denied; but it is not for this tribunal to afford them relief. It might, perhaps, be well if the law were so amended as to render deeds made in contemplation of marriage void in express terms,,as to the creditors of the husband, or purchasers front him, in case the same should not be recorded within
the time prescrilied by law.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PXERSc
TRNER. 1

The court has felt some difficulty in consequence
of a decision of the court of, appeals in the case of Anderson v. Anderson; 'but it is believed that the judgment in that ease was perfectly correct, let the particular point which occurs in this cause be settled
one way or the other. In that case, the contract was not only executory and rendered void, at law, by the subsequent intermarriage of the parties to the contract, but it was, at the time- wheni the slaves were.taken in execution, perfectly contingent whether the wife could ever claim any interest in them, in opposition to persons deriving title under the husband. For if the husband should have survived the wife, or if they should have had issue, the absolute legal .estate of the husband, gained by the intermarriage, would have remained unaffected by the deed. There was, ther~efore, no reason why the creditors of the husband should be prevented from receiving satisfaction of their debts out of his legal estate in the slaves, because it was subject to an equitable contingent interest in the 'wife, -which migbt never become effectual. A court of equity might well say to her, as you have no remedy, at law, f'r a breach of the contract by the husband, in
consequence of not having interposed trustees to protect your rights, and have omitted to record the
deed by which creditors and-subsequent purchasers might be defrauded, we will not now decree you a specific performance against creditors who have law and equity on their side.

Decr!e affirmed.

JoH-soN, J. I am unfortunate enough to dissent from my brethren in this case. I think the creditors of Turner entitled to recover, and enti]led to recover in this form of action.

I will not contest the general principle, that the creditors, to whose benefit this act must be understood to operate, are the creditors of thatparty only from whom the estate moves. But this case pre- ° sents an exception to the general rule; and the ret-

FEBRUARY. 1809.

soning, from which the general conclusion results, will be found inapplicable to the case of husband and wife, with regard to the personal estate of the latter.

P111155 TURvzru

The words of the act are admitted to be suffi. ciently comprehensive to include the creditors oi both: the general rule is, that the letter must prevail; and it is only when an adherence to the letter
will involve a court in absurdity, or inextricable difficulty, that the spirit is resorted to as a restriction upon the literal meaning. But the constructiont which I give to this act removes repugnance aid absurdity, and produces a concordance between the letter and the spirit, which appears to my mind ouaelusive upon its correctness.

What W¢as the object of the -legislature? It was. to protect the community from that false credit which men acquire in society, from the possession of or supposed interest in property; to place within their reach the means of avoiding those frauds which may be practised upon them, by the possessor of property, when an estate or interest in it exists, in fact, in some other person.

The argument in favour of the defendant isi that the creditors of .the grantee can derive no benefit
from a deed which the act declares void, and whicha consequently, could vestno interest-in their debtor. Thiough him they must claim, and no other estate but that which existed in him, ought-to be subjected to their debts.

I will not pass an opinion upon the correctness of
an argument which, in the case where possession follows the alienation, may make the act productive of the very fraud which it was intended to obviate. My opinidn is founded upon a ground which is uiiaffected by the conclusion upon this point, or rather in perfect coincidence with that conclusion. I deduce my conclusion from the consideration that the claim of Turner's creditors is not "derived through

Voil V.

Y

PISRCn TvRn.

170

SUPREME COURT U. S.

the -deecl,bitt is, in fact, in direct hostility with its
operation. The effect of the marriage, in 'tranisfer. Sring the- property to thb husband, is the foundation
of their claim; and the deed executed on the intermarriage of the defendant with Charles Turner, constitutes the subject of the defence against their claim.. The creditors, in order to maintain their action 'prove', first, the property in the wife before marriage, then her intermarriage with their debtor. These facts, in operation of law, upon her personal property, sustain their right of recovery. Btt, in opposition to their' claim, the wife endeavours to avail herself of this deed; and this question -brought up on an exception taken by the creditors to its legal validity. The ground of their objection is, that it wants that evidence of authenticity, which
the law requires, to make it, as to them, a valid instrument. No doubt is entertained with regard to the invalidity of this instrument, as to the description of creditors; but it is contended, on behalf of the defendant, that no other creditors can avail
themselves of that objection, except the creditors
of the wife before marriage. There, appears to me to be no reason for the' distinction in the case 'of husband and wife. Her creditors before marriage
become his during coverture; she can contract no debts to which she can be made personally liable; her personal property become- his by the act of intermarriage, and he acquires all the credit, in society, resulting from the acquisition and possession of that property. It is not upon a deed, which this act-declares void, that the creditors found their
claim, but upon an act in pais, the operation of which is an immediate transfer of property, unless that effect be prevented by the legal execution-of some instrument of writing. If such an instrument, executed befbre marriage, be not recorded within eight months, it loses all legal validity as to creditors, and it is the same as if no such instrument had ever been executed. The recording, as to them, is as necessary -as the sealing and; delivery is beiween the
parties.

FEBRUAAY, 1809.

The consistency of this opinion with the argument that thecreditors of the grantee can deriveno, interest under a deed which, as to them, is -declared -void, will appear from distinctly reflecting on the necessary consequence of such an admission in .this case. Declare the deed void, and what is the consequence? .Itno longer affects the property of- the
wife, so as to produce a state of things different from that which would exist if it had never- been created; and the operation of the deed was not to vest an interest or.estate in Charles Turner, but to prevent any estate from vesting in him by the ordi-
nary effect of marriage. Remove the-preventing,
cause, and the property becomes,. unquestionably,
subject to the husband's debts.

PI.RcETUENER.

Two objections to this opinion have been urged,
on which it may be proper to make some remarks.
The first that I shall notice is, how the same deedcan be valid as between the parties, so as ieally to prevent any transfer -of property to the husband,.
and yet, through him, creditors may derive such an. interest as to subject it to the payment of his debts. If this argument proves any thing, it proves Itoo much. A moment's reflection will show,. that it
is as applicable to the case of the grantor as of the grantee; for, after the execution of the deed, the grantor has, in fact, and in the acknowledgment of
the act, no more interest in the property than- the' grantee had before its execution, or upon its. be'coming void for want of recording. "But evety apparent absurdity may be reconciled thus. Legal claims must be supported by legal pro6f. Tht ab.stract rights of parties become immaterial, if not
susceptible of" substantiation by evidence. In a" question, then, -betweenthe direct representatives of the husband and wife,. the deed is a valid instrument, and may be received as duly authenticated written evidence, to support a right derived .under it. But,.between the one party and the creditor-of
the other, the law declares it wholly. inefficacious, for want of a ceremony which is made essential to its authenticity. The most ordinary deed cannot be

pmncn v.

172

SUPREME COURT U. S.

received in evidence until proved according to the rules of evidence; and the operation of individual
Sacts, in producing transfers of property, must ever be subject to such modifications as may be made by positive law.

The other difficulty arises from the consideration how this deed ban be valid against all persons (which it confessedly is) during eight months; and then cease to operate as to creditors. To this it may be answered, that this objection, as well as the preceding, is equally applicable to the case of the creditor both of alienor and alienee; and, if valid at all, might defeat the operation of this act altogether. But, as a provision of positive law, such considerations are not to defeat it. Possibly some inconvenience may result from holding property in this suspended situation; but the duration of the inconvenience is not long, nor the contingency far remote. Nor is an analogous state of things unknown to the common or civil lawyer; executory devises, contingent remainders, and shifting uses, produce a pimilar uncertainty and suspension of right. During the eight months which are given for recording a deed, the interests of parties must have vested only sub modo, or subject to the contingency of recording it within the legal time: and no doubt a court of equity would interpose its authority, during that period, to adjust the rights of parties. Nor will this objection at all affect the opinion which I entertain respecting the rights of the plaintiff; for, although the deed certainly did hold the personal property of the wife in a suspended state, during the eight months, so that the creditors could not, in that time, have taken it unde.r execution, yet, after the expiration of that period, the deed lost its protecting effect, and that
prop rty then became subject to their debts.
These views of the &ubjectappeared to me to solve every difficulty, and lead to a conclusion upon the second point made in the argument; viz. whether the defendant may be chnirged as executrix fe son tort. The case of Iarding& .Afercer romes

FEBRUARY, 1809.

173

fully up to the present, and it will be found of ne-
cessity, in order to give effect to this act, that this remedy should be cbuntenanted. The hardships of
it would, no doubt, be remedied by a court of equity, in cases free from collusion or moral fraud, so as to prevent the defendant from being charged to an amount greater than the value of the goods which actually came to her hands. But the necessity of
sanctioning this mode of pursuing property, circumstanced as in this case, will appear from the impossibility of a creditor's getting at it in any other man-
ner, at law. Should the creditor himself administer, he can never recover it, becailse, as the legal
representative of the husband, the deed would be valid against him without being recorded. Should any other person administer, he could never be charged with the value of assets, which for the sane reason, could never come to his hands. So that both precedent and principle contur ifisupporting the correctness of permitting him to resort to the present remedy.

PiERcr TRNzE.
-.-

KEMPE'S. LESSEE v. KENNEDY ET AL.

ERROR to the circuit court of the district of New-Jersey, in an action of ejectment brough·t. by John Den, lessee of Grace Kempe, a British subject, against R. Kennedy and M. Cowell, citizens of. the state of New-Jersey, for land in that state.
Upon the trial of the cause upon the general issue, a bill of exceptions was taken by the plaintiff, which presents the iolowing'case:

Thehtiferior .mo.rt.pfleaCs I. for

the county or

_

in

th.-btate of New-Jersey. in May, 17i9,

had st general

ll

al cases of in-

quisitind

its judgment,

Grace Coxe, the lessor of the plaintiff, being altho- n,o'tL seised in fee of the land in question, before the year ,id, inas. 1772 intermarried with Joln Tabor Kempe, who ,,,oicrht haasd tjhue"-
died in August, 1792. They resided in New-York risawtrun of before and during the war with Great Britain, and the cause. -vent to Great Britain when New-York was eva-

'o.DoVx. Y
TAYLOR.

2316

SUPMEME COURT U. S.

that'Bodley and Hughes. ought, .uot to, receive z
conveyance for the lands within Taylor's survey, aid not within his entry, but on the condition of their consenting, to convey,.to him the lands they hold which were within his entry and are not. included in his survey. But this is not a case of the first imrpr.ssion. The court is compelled to believe that the principle is really settled in. a manner- different from that which this court- would deem..cor·rect, It is. impossible to say how many tijles might be shaken by shaking the principle. The very extraordinary state of land title in that; country, has competled its judges, in a series of decisions, to rear up an artificial pile from which no piece can be taken, by hands, not intimately acquainted with the building, withput end'angering the structure, and producing a misdhief to. those holding under. it, the extent of which may not be. perceived. The
rule as. adopted must be pursued.

Taylor, then, must he srveyed according to the
principles' laid down in this decree, and must convey to the plaintiffs below the lands lying within his patent and theirs, which were not within hii entry.

TAYLOR AND QUARLES V-.BROWN.

The first sur- E ROR td the district court for the Kentucky

c%- .',der a ..

.

ilitary laud district, in a suit i cnancety, wherein Tavlor and

,warat. in Qfarl s were compl'ainauts against Brown. The

tile priorieiqvueis- bill of the com. plainants was dismissed by the

ty. The sur- Court below.
vey is the ret
t3 ppropria Both partieg claimed under military warrants

'The eertifi- upon the king's proclamation, for services rendered
cate ,f survey p
issuffirienteO. prior to !he year. 1.763.
deiic that the
-the aatrisin W21*1Lwsin The. complainants claimed under a watrant h% the survibyor. Javour of nzgus M'Donald,for 2,000 acres issued

FEBRUARY, 1809.

235

the 5th of February, 1774. The defendan, clainjed TAYLOPL under a warrant in favour of. jethro.Suviner, tor V.
2,000 acres, issued the 3d 'of December, 1773.. WV'Donald?s survey was made on the 7th of July, That claase 1774. Sumner's was made on the 24th f June,-:I "' land
l-+awof Virgi-
1775 and he obtained'a patent on the 5th of Janua- nia, ;vlicl( rery, 1780. Th- e patent upon M'Donald s iurvey, qsuurivreesy teoverbye
was not issued uhtil the loth of Janhary, 1792; recorded with.
so that the complainants had a younger warrant in two months Th e efent. afteritisinale,
and+patent, but t-e elder survey, The defendant is merely d. had the- elder warrant and patent, but the younger r$e11c,,yioorr; y to atnhde survey. M'Donalds' survey included 3,025 'acres; his neglect to
Sumner's incluaed, 2,576 acres. The quantity co- record it does vered by both surveys was 1,080 acres, of. which t invalidate

Taylor claimed 660, and Qu4rles, 200 ; it did 'not It is notne-

appear

who c· laimed

the other

220

acres,

incl-ude.tdhe

essa'l that deputy sur-

in the interference

veyor who

made the sur-

M'Donald's survey wa.riaaby Hancock Taylor, an assistant surveyor of Ffticastle'county, where the lands lay, who, before his return, to the office, was killed bv the Indians on the last of July, 1774, but-his field-books and papers kWere preserved by his attendants, and delivered to the principal surveyor of the county, in September, 1774,.who made out a plat therefrom.
The complainants' bfill charges, that the survey of Sumner was"fraudulently made, so as to interfere

veak uthoulhd
p31atIta. ndItcemrtaiy-

be done front

his notes, by

s

'urvy"r.

A subse-

quent lucator

gilia, withou

nportiiocre loocfatiotone,

cannot protect himslt by ob.

with M'-Donald's. . " he answer denies the fraud; tinthet e;: and there was no evidence of fraud, or even of no- A surey inot

tice on the part of Sumner.

indlbes ssei

·

f~l. "dlaiined.tZt-hdaptowbaos

P. B. Key and Rowan, for the complainants, (the surveyed by

plaintiffs in error,) contended, that the survey made the warrant. by Hancock Taylor, and the plat and certificate of sur- "lhe patent
relates to the
vey made out by the principal surveyori were a good mneptiun o tiexecution of the warrant, and were a complete ap- tle; and there-"
tre, in a coar
propriation of the land surveyed, so as to give to of equity, tie

M'Donald a prior title in e.quity; and that the sub- phaItritfnirkst apwp-ho

.sequent-patent- related back to the survey, so as to priated" te

give to the' complainants a better -title in equity land has the

-
than-,the -defendants

hP.. tle, vn-

236

SUPREME COUr U. S,

'TAYLoR
V.
lIe own.

less his equity isimpah-e'1 by the cireuinstances of the case .
The locator of a wairrant

undertakes Imrelf to find

waste and fi. appropriated lanl, and his

patrnt issue
uipnn his own infbrmation to

the gOmere-

ment, and at

his own risk.

Hecoet

be

considered as

Pope and Swann, contra, contended,
I That it did not appear that M'Donald's warrant ever was, in the hands of the surveyor.
2. That the survey was not recorded within two months after it was"made.
3. That the survey was not certified by, -ancock Taylor, the assistant surveyor who made the survey.
4. That the complainants had a remedy by cavear; and having neglected to avail themselves of that remedy, they could not have relief in equity.
5. That the survey, both in law and equity, was void as to all'but 2,000 acres.

a purchaser
witikout n' 6. That the complainants have no equity.
rice."
The equity
olfocatthore prAor 1. UUppnoexn-rsthe first pooinnt itt waa saaditdhttetwhrat the wartends to the rakit is the only authority for the officer to survey

ssuurrpveluysed, land as
wen as to the quantity men-
tinned In the
1%arrant.

the land; and if he never had the warrant, the
whole proceeding is void. It must be proved, therefore, that the officer had the warrant.
2. 'he act of 1778, c. 14. § 6. requires that every survey shall be recorded by the surveyor, in a book kept by him for that purpose, within two months after the same shall be made. This was a condition precedent to the validity of the survey.

3. The survey was not certified by Hancock Taylor,- the assistant surveyor who nade the survey.

It is an incontrovertible position, that when the law entrusts an officer to do an act in pais, he is the only person who can certify the act done. A deputy surveyor, or a deputy sheriff does not derive his authority from the principal surveyor, or the high sheriff, but from the law. The principal
has only the appointment of the deputy; but his

FEBRUARY, 1809.

2311

authority to act as, and for the principal, is derived from the law. There can be no evidence of a survev, but the certificate of the officer who made it. If a man went to make a settlement, but shoula be killed on the way, it is true, the act of God prevented, but still it was no settlement.

TAYLOR
v.

4. The complainants had a remedy by caveat, when they might have established their title at law. Having lost this remedy by their own negligence, it is contrary to the principles of equity to aid them.

5. The survey was void as to the surplus, beyoid the 2,000 acres authorized by" the warrant. As to this surplus M'Donald was a mere volunteer; he paid no consideration; it was a fraud upon the
state; and a mere survey, without the authority of a warrnnt, can give no title in equity. Zfughes'&Rep. 21. 26. DoVherty v. Crow. Sneed's .XKentuchy Case.-,, 9. Ward v. Kenton. Sugd. 200, 201, 202. i Fonb. 318.

6. The complainants have no equity. The defendant was a purchaser for a valuable' consideration without notice of any title or claim by M'Donald. No fraud or notice is brought home to Sumner. He purchased the land fairly; he has paid for it and obtained the legal title; and he must hold it until some other person shows a better title in.equity.

There is no evidence of notice,, even if the depositions can be read which are sent up ivith the re-
cord; of which there is strong doubt; for the jury, according to the practicr in Kentucky, has found all the facts in dispute between the parties.

Even if one of the depositions should contradict. the answer, yet a court of equity will never decreeagainst the defendant's answpr, upon a single deposition,. unless it be strongly corroborated by circum-
stances.

TAyLoL Br.

23&

SUPREME COURT-U. S.

[LiiINGSTONJ. Are those the depositions upon which the j.ury acted in finding the facts? If they are, 1, for myself, should consider the finding conclusive:; and that we could not look into the deposalgns.

MARSHA L, Ch.. J. When the first case of a
suit in chancery of -this kind came before this court from Kentucky, the court was struck with the irregu.
laritv of the intervention of a jury to ascertain the
facts in any other mode than by an issue directed by the court as a court of chancery; and as this court is only authorized to proceed in chancery-
cases according to the' principles and usages of courts of equitv, the court was disposed to disregard fact* thus found.

The court felt no difficulty in looking into the deposiions, but their doubt was, whether they should take into consideration the facts found. However, as such a practice was said to have been established in Kentucky, the court agreed to look into the facts found where they were not incoisistent with the
depositions in the cause. I think the first case of this kind which came up from Kentucky was that of. Taylor and Bodley.]

If M'Donald ever had equity, he has forfeited i)by his negligence. No step was taken to complete the title rom 1774 to 1792, a period of eighteen years.- 2 Wash. 106. Pickett v. Douddall. 2 lash. 121. Curry v. Burns. I Wash. 116. White v, j/oneso

The doctrine of relation applies only. to the parties themselves, viz. to M'Donald and .he commonwealth of Virginia. It does not apply whcre the rights of third persons are concerned. Co. Litt. 19o. Plowd. 188. 2 Vent. .200. 2 Waih. 113.
120, 21.

BRowan, in reply;

f. It was not necessary that the warrant should

FEBRUARY,, 1809.

239

have been in the hands of the surveyor. It was sufficient authority to him tyto survey the land if he knew that such a warrant existed. But if it were necessary thatihe should have had it in his hands', the presumption arising from his having made the survey is strong that he had the warrant, and is sufficient proof of that fact until the contrary be
proved. The bill avers that- the warrant was delivered to the surveyor. The answer does not deny it, and there is no ,evidence that it was not. ' It is
a matter only between the complainants and, the surveyor, and no other person can take advantage of it. It was no injury to the defendant.

TAYLOU
V.
BROWV.

2. The recording the survey within two montls
was a duty imposed by law upon the surveyor, and he was liable to a penalty if he neglected to do so; but his neglect could not invalidate the. survey. It does not appear upon the record that the survey was
not recorded within the two ,months. The pre.sumption is, that the officer did his duty till the
contrary appears. The act of 1748 requires the surveyor to return a list of his surveys to the college of William and Mary, who were entitled. to oprtain fees upon every survey. It cannot be con-. itnded that the surveys were void if the list was "not returned. There are a number of other things
recuired of the suiveyor by that act, yet it was never supposed that his neglect'to do them would vacate his 'surveys., The recording was not intended as notice to others, because the surveyor was expressly forbidden by law to give a copy for twelve months'. The only notice which the legislature intended should be given to subsequent purchasers during that-period was the marking and bounding the land.

The survey is the appropriation. Sumner had all the notice which the legislature intended he should have. The depositions show that the land was-actuaily marked and bounded ; 'and that the marks
and bounds were a miatter of public notoriety.

W

SUPREME COURT U. S.

T&VLalt .

The- act of recording was a 4uty whici the officd, Was bound to perform. The complainants could not 'compel him to perform it, and therefore they ought not to suffer if he neglected it. The issuing
of the patent is strong evidence either that the survey was recorded in time, or that the want of such record did not invalidate the title. The register of
the land-office was the person best acquainted with
all the prerequisites to a grant. After a lapse of thirty years, all these prerequisites are to be preserved until the contrary appears.

3. It was not necessary that the plat and certificate should be made out by the same officer who madc
the-survey. Every thing that is done by a deputy surveyor is suppdsed in law to be done by the prineipalb 'and when the principal himself undertakes to act, there can be no question. The principal is-the only officer known to the Jaw whose certificate can be respected. If the deputy acts, it is in the name of his principal. The making out of a plat and certifiCate from the field-boo'k is a mere mechanical operation. -It may as well be" done by another as by the officer who actually ran the lines.

4. The- complainants were not bound to file their
caveat. The deliy is no argument -against their laim. It appears froin the record that the patent
was nmad6 to the-heirs or 'devisees of M'Donald. His death, and their minority, account for the apparent delay..

5. As to 'the surplus. There- never has been a survey vacated in Kentucky because it contained 3nore land than the warrant required. If the lines bad comprbhended less, the party must have been
the los'er. If they aomprehend more, it does not va- ,cate the survey. The case of Beckley v. Bryan, Sneed, 107. is decisive as to that point.

6. As to the equity of the case. It is not necessary n 6 w to inquire bow thecourts in Kentucky first obtained a chancery jurisdiction in caies of this

FEBRUARY, 1809.

241

kind. By a long course of practice, the question of
interfering surveys, or entries, has been a question in equity. It is a mode of getting behind the patent. An elder patent is only considered as a means of protecting the prior equity. Sneed, 231. 233. 248. 267.
283. 331.

TAvY..oU Browx.

The survey of M'Donald was a prior appropriation of the land. It was no longei wastevacant, or unappropriated land. It was not a subject for Sumner's warrant to operate upon. Lapse of time cannot enfeeble a claim. It either destroys it altogether,
or it has no effect.

If the court would restrict M'Donald to his 2,000 acres, where shall they be laid off? The impossibility of locating them, so as tb designate tht surplus, is a sufficient reason for not adopting the principle.

.March 1.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court.

In this case the title of both parties originates in surveys made by the surveyor of Fincastle county,
previous to the passage of the land law of Virginia. Both surveys were made on military yarrants issued
under the proclamation of 1763. The survey under which the plaintiffs claim, being prior in poiat of time, they have the first equitable title, and must prevail, unless the objections made to that survey be valid, or unless their equity is defeated by the circumstances of the case.

Several objections have been made to the survey, each of which will be-considered.

1. It is said that the warrant was not in posses-

sion of the principal surveyor when the survey was

made.

Vol. V.

1 h

TAYVL.OR BROWN.

242

SUPREME COURT U. S.

The answer given to this objection is conclusiveu
The warrant is an authority to, and an injunction on, the surveyor to lay off 2,000 acres of -vacant land which had not been surveyed by order of council, and patented subsequent to the proclamation. Whether acts under this authority are valid or void, if the authority itself be not in possession of the officer, is perfectly unimportant in -this case; because the court considers the certificate of the surveyor
as- sufficient evidente that the warrant was in his possession, if, ii point of law, it was necessary that it §hould be lodged in the office. That certificate is in the isual form, and states the survey to have been made by virtue of the governor's warrant, and agreeably to his majesty's royal proclamation.

2.. The second objection is, that the survey does not appear to have been recorded within two months after it was made.

The opinion, that this omission on the part of the surveyor avoids the title which accrued under the survey, is founded on the 6th section of.an act passed in the year 1748, entitled, "An act directing
the duty of surveyors of land." In prescribing this duty the law, among other things, enjoins, the sur-
veyor " to enter, or cause to be entered, in a book well- bound, to, be ordered and provided by the'
court of his county, a true, correct and fair copy and plat of every survey by him made during his continuance in office, within two months after making the same."

This section is merely directory to the surveyor.
It does not mrke the validity of the survey dependent on its being recorded, nor does it give the proprietor any right to' control the conduct of the sur. veyor in this respect. His title, where it can commence without an entry, begins with the survey; and it would be unreasonable to deprivV him of that title by the 'subsequent neglect of an officer, not appointed by himself, in not performing an act which the law does not pronounce necessary to his title,

FEBRUARY, 1809.

243

the performance of which he has nbt the means of 'coercing.

TAYLOR BROWN.

If the omiision to record ihe survey in two months -w- ould avoid it, then the omission of any other act Anjoine'd by the same section 'would equally avoid it. .The- surveyor is directed to see the land "1plainly bounded by natural bounds, or marked trees." Has his conforming to this direction ever been inquired into, in a contest respecting the validity of a surv.ey? Would any gentleman of the bar contend that
the land was not plainly bounded, and that, for this reason, a- survey actually made was void? He is,. within five months, to deliver to his employer a plat add certificate. Suppose six months should elapse before he complies -with this duty, is the survey void? He is to certify th true quantity of land contained in the survey. Would the gentlemen from Kentucky be willing to adopt it as a principle that every survey expressing a quantity more or less than the true quantity is absolutely void? He is to state the water-courses, and also the plantations next :adjoining. Should any one of these be omitted, is
the survey void? He is to return a list of surveys
in the month of June annually to the clerk's office, Should he fail "in this, are the surveys void? On these points .it is impossible seriously to insist; and the court can perceive no distinction between them.
They are all merely directory to the, officer, and
none of them affect a title which commenced before they are to be performed. He is subjected to a penalty for failing in any' one of these duties, but his performing or omitting them is unimportant to
*the rights of those for whom surveys have been
made.

3. The third objection is of more weight. It is, that the survey must be certified by the person who made it, and can be*authenticated in no other man-
ner.

That, in point of fact, this survey was certified as made, is not doubted. But it is said that the

TAYLOR vimw.

244

SUPREME COURT U. S.

plat and certificate want those appropriate form
which alone the law will receive as evidence of Stheir verity.

The survey was made by Hancock, Taylor, assistant surveyor of Fincastle county, from whose field. notes, the plat and certificate were made out by his principal, who also signed them. Hancock Taylor was prevented from performing this duty by a mortal wound received from the Indians. It is understood to be usual for the assistant, where surveys are actually made by him, -to sign the plat and certificate, which are also signed by his principal.

The 46th section of the act, "for settling the titles and bounds of lands, and for preventing unlawful hunting and ranging," enacts, "that every survey of lands intended to be patentedshall be made and returned by a sworn surveyor duly commission-
ed for that purpose."

Let us inquire whether, under this section, the plat and certificate must be m.ade out by the person who made th~e survey, and whether a survey actually made by an assistant must be platted and certified by him.

It may be of somc importance, in the construction of this section, to inquire whether the return alluded to is to the office of the principal surveyor, or to the land-office, out of which the patent is to issue.

In construing this section, the accomlanying sections afford us no aid. But the general object of the act, and the allusion to patenting which is made in the section, would lead to the opinion that returns to the land-office were iii contemplation of the legis-
lature. If we examine the laws generally, we shall find that most usually the word "surveyor" is applied to the principal, and where the lav alludes to the assistant, he is designated by the 'term "assistant surveyor." If the return directed by this section is to be made to the land-office, for the pur-

FEBRUARY, 1509.

245

pose of obtaining a -patent, then the principal sur. 'veyor is the person who is to certify it, and a survey actually run by himself, or by his assistant, is to be considered, in law, as a survey made by himself. It is believed to be most usual for the plat and certificate retuined to the land-office, to be signed by the principal and by his assistant; but this section seems
not to require both. Tfie signature of the assistant is the justification to the principal for recording and certifying the survey, and'is the best testimony that it has been made; but the law does not require, in terms, that where that best testimony. is unattainable, no other shall be received. So far as the section which has been recited goes, the signature of the principal surveyor sufficiently authenticated this plat
and that a patent has issued upon it, is proof thai such was the opinion entertained in the land-office. A patent certainly does not issue of course, unless the papers on which it issues be regular. A plat
not legally authenticated is no plat, and the register
cannot justify issuing a patent on it.

TAYLOIL Bao .

This consideration certainly deserves some weight: but if the court inspect this section, it seems, in fair
construction, to require only the signature of the principal surveyor, who, consequently, judges, in the first instance, af the testimony which will enable him to certify a survey. If the signature of the assistant
can be dispensed with, then other testimony than his signature may authorize the priicipal to certify
a survey; and if, in any possibl- case, other testimony can be deemed competent, it surely may in this.

If the return directed by this section be under.stood 'to be a return to the office of the principal
surveyor, it isnecessary to inquire what it is that the section exacts. It is, that the "survey shall be made and returned by a sworn surveyor," not that the plat shall be made out and certified to the principal by the assistant who run the lines. The courses and distances -contained in the field-book of
the assistant, represent-to the principalas correctly

TAYLOR BROW.

246

SUPREME COU)RT U. S.

and as intelligibly the survey actually made, as: the
plat and certificate could do. From these data he is as capable of placing on his record:book a correct plat, and of returning that plat to the -land-office, as if the liaes of the survey had been placed on paper' by the assistant himself. 'It would seem reasonable, therefore, even on this construction of.the section; in the actual ease where death has disabled the -as-
sistant from platting his works, to consider the-Jaw as satisfied by the delivery of those works to the principal surveyor.

The "act directing the duty of surveyors of.
land" does notappear to this court to contain any
provisions which are opposed to the construction here made of the preceding act of the same session. The 6th section of that-act, which-has been
particularly referred to. by counsel, prescribes the duty of surveyors, but contains no direction respecting the signature of plats and certificates, except this: " Every surveyor making a survey of land shall see the same plainly bounded by natural
bounds, or marked trees, and within five months after survey, shall deliver to his employer a plat and certificate thereof."

It has never been understood that this plat and certificate may not be delivered by the principal; and other parts of this section show that the duties enjoined, are- some of them to be perforined by the principal. The section proceeds to say, "1and shall
also enter, or cause to be entered, in a: book well bound, to be provided by the court of his county, a true, correct and fair copy and plat of every survey by him made." Now this book is the book of the principal., It is, of course, his duty to superintend the entries in it. They 'are to be " of the surveys by him made." The survey made by the assistant, is, then, to be entered by the principal as a survey by h.m made. He'is also to return annually a list of the surveys by him made, to the county court clerk's office. This return is made by the principal. Certainly the list must include.all the surveys made by

FEBRUARY, 18.

247

his assistants. They also are considered as made by hima, Upon a view ofthe whole section, the court perceives nothing in it which renders it improper for the principal to plat and' certify a survey made by his assistant whose' field-notes are returned complete to him, and who has- been disabled by
death from making the plat himself.

TAYL. . BRw,.

This construction is very muck strengthened by the terms of the act of 1779. That act declares. " that all surveys of waste and unappropriated land made upon any of the western.waters before. the 1st day of January, 1778," " by any county surveyor, commissioned by the masters of William and Mary college, acting in conformity to the laws and rules -of government then in force, and founded eliher upon charterS? &c. " or upon any warrant from the governor for the time being, fqr military service, in virtue of a proclamation either from the king of Great Britain, or any former governor of Virginia, shall be and are hereby declared good and valid ; but that all surveys of waste and unpatented lands 'made by any other peison, or upon -any other pretence whatsoever, shall be and are hereby declared
null and void."

Notwithstanding this declaration, we fiid that
patents have actually issued, under which both parties in this cause claim, on-surveys made not by the county surveyor in'person, but by his assistant. It is perfectly well known that a great proportion of the surveys recognised by this act have been really executed by assistant surveyois. Upon what prin' iple of construction are they brought within the act? Clearly upon this. The law, so far as respects the validity of the survey, considers the act
of the deputy as the act of his principal. A survey made by an assistant is, in law language, made by the principal. And if this idea be taken up on so material a clause as that which confirms or inva-
lidates every surv ey previously madej and which is expressed in terms much more explicit and decisive than any of the clauses in the preceding acts, must

1 47'1-
Bnowm.

24

SYPREME COURT U. S.

not the idea be carried throughout? Must not the
survey, in all cases, be considered in a legal point of view as made by -the principal through the agency of his deputy, and must not this principal be kept in view in construing the laws upon the subject.

This survey, then, is, in law language, made by
William Preston. It is confirmed as a survey made by him: The law recognises it as his survey. Assuredly, then, his certificate may authenticate it.

The act proceeds to say that " all and every person or persons, his, her or their heirs, claiminglands upon any of the before recited rights, and under surveyg made as herein before mentioned, (that is, by a county surveyor,) against which no caveat shall have been legally entered, shall, upon the plats and certificates of such surveys being returned into the land-office, together With the rights, &c. upon which 'they were respectively founded, bd entitled
to a grant for the same."

To the court, it seems clear that the law authorizes a plat and certificate of survey from the per-
son whorfi it contemplates as the maker of that survey; that is, from the county surveyor. The formal requisites of the law are complied with by a plat and certificate' under his signature. He has
given it, in this case, on testimony, which the court
deems as full and complete as even the plat certified by the assistant who made the survey would have been.

These are the objections which have been made
to the survey under which the plaintiffs claim.
After bestowing on them the uzmost attention, the court is decidedly of opinion, that the survey of M'Donald was and ought to be considered as a good and valid survey.

4. The 4th objection to the plaintiffs' claim is founded on their negligence.

FEBRUARY, 1809.

149

At law, this objection is clearly of no validity. The proviso to that section of the act of 1779,
which has been considered, declares that such stirveys shall be returned to the land-office within
twelve months after the expiration of that session of assembly, or should become void. The time for returning them, however, was prolonged until this patent issued. Consequently, a caveat to prevent
the emanation of the patent, because the survey was not returned in -time, could not have been maintained. If the survey of M'Donald came within the law, the circumstance, that the subse-
quent survey of Sumner was made without notice in fact, cannot alter the case. His warrant onlV huthorized him to acquire vacant-land, and he took upon himself to find lands of that descript;on. .The principle, caveat emptor, is directly applicable.

TAYLOA Row.

5. The 5th objection made by the defendant -is;
that the patent of the plaintiffs contains surplus land. The warrant, it is said, was an authority to
survey only 2,000 acres, and, for the surplus, the survey was made without authority.

It is a fact of universal notoriety ini Virginia not only that the old military surveys, but that the old patents of that country generally contain a greater quantity of land than the patents call for. The aueient law of Virginia notices this fact, and pror vides for the case. It prescribes the manner. in which this surpliis may be acquired by other per-
sons; and it is worthy of notice that the patentee Inust himself reject the surplus before it can be
acquired by another, and, after having so rejected it, he has the election to allot it in such part of his patent as he pleases.

It is contended, however, that although a grant containing surplus land might give a legal right to §uch surplus, yet a survey could not be carried into grant so far as such surplus appeared upon a caveat.
Vol. V.

250

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TAyLonM
nfox.

On this subject we find no act of Virginia under
the regal government. At that time the governor Sand council constituted a branch of the legislature
and the general court .of the colony. They also
held -a distinct court in the council chamber for the trial of caveats, their decisions on which were regulated by rules established by themselves. -These rules, it is believed, are lost; and it is also believed
that the means of ascertaining satisfactorily what they were, are no longer attainable. The land law of 1779, was framed by mein who understood them, and it is not unreasonable to suppose that, in draw-
ing that law,- some respect was paid-to them. That law. gives a caveat against a survey not returned to
the land-office within twelve months aftqr it is made, or whose breadth shall not be one third of its length, but givyes no caveat on account of surplus land con-
tained in .a survey, nor does it indicate -the- idea that, on a survey containing such surplus, a caveat could not be supported.. If such survey is not absolutely.. void for the whole, the *difficulty of assigning the exact quantity is sufficient to have induced legislative regulation, had it been contemplated.as the subject of a caveat. It would seem that, .for security in this respect, the government trusted to the oaths prescribed for surveyors and chiin carriers.' It is also worthy of remark, that the law of 1779 superadds to the restrictibns for-
merly imposed on taking up surplus lands contained in any- patent, that it can only be done during the life of 'the original patentee, and before any alienatien has been madc.

It is also to- be observed, that the act of 1779 confirms this survey, and it is understood thit no previous entry was demed iiecessary to its validity.
Tbe-entiies made on treasury warrants are most frequently in such terms that a survey for a greater quantity of land might be considered as beigg so far contrary to location, and might be restrained by the locati6n ; but, wi ere there is no entry, the difliculty of restraining the survey is much increased, because there exists no standard by-which to reduce it., ·Thcre is, indeed, a itandard as to quantity, but

FEBRUARY, t809.

251

not as to form and place. The survey is an appro-
priation of a certain quantity of land by metes and bounds, plainly marked by an officer appointed by the government for that purpose, and if would seem that the government receives his plat and certificate as full evidence of the correctness of the §urvey This being the case, it is admitted by the governmnent to be an appropriation of the land it covers, afd it is difficult to discern a rule by which the survey could be reduced on a caveat by the owner of
an interfering survey, unless the entry on which it was made was in such terms that the excess might
be considered as surveyed contrary to location. For to eve-y and to each part of the land surveyed, its owner has an equal right.

TAYLOR
BROWN. ,

Whatever rules might have been established in the tribunal having jurisdiction of the subject, under the regal government, the caveat in this cause, had one been entered, must have beeii regulated by the act of 1779. That act gives validity to both
surveys; and although it directs caveats depending in the council chamber, at the commencement of the revolution, to be transferred to the general court, and to be tried by the rules which governed when
they were entered, it subjects future caveats to the law then introduced. Under this law, as has al-
ready been. stated, the court can perceive but one principle on which a survey can' be reduced on a "aveat, and that principle is inapplicable to this case.

In conformity with this opinion is that of the 1udges of Kentucky. Not a case exists, so far as the court is informed, in which, on a caveat, .the quantity of land in the survey of plaintiff or defend-
ant has been considered as affecting the title, upon the single principle of surplus. Yetthe-fact must have often occurred. And in the case of Beckly v. Bryan and Ransdale, the contrary principle is expressly lqid down. In that cause the court said, " It is proper to premise that there is but one species of cases.in which any court of justice is.authorized by.our land law -to devest the ovner of a sur-

252

SUPREME COURT U. S.

vey of the surplus included within its boundaries;
w. namely, where ihe survey was made posterior to an entry made by another person ,on the same land ; and to do more would he unequal, and unjust, inasmuch as a survey which is too small cannot be enlarged.

This position, it is true, was laid down in a con-
test between a military survey and a patent on a
treasury warrant. But it is laid down in terms equally applicable to a contest between two military surveys; and the court does not understand that the law has ever been otherwise understood in Kentucky.

The opinions delivered by the judges of -appeals of Virginia in the case of Ycohnson v. Bunff ton, 2 Wash. 116. would incline this court very much to the opinion that the same rule prevailed in the .council chamber before the revolution. In that .case, under a warrant from Lord Fairfax for.300 acres of land, 450 acres had been surveyed, and
the excess appeared on the plat. This. survey had lain in the office many years, and was clearly
forfeita'ble; but Lord Fairfax had not, taken ad, vantage of the forfeiture. After his death a patent issued on- a subsequent entry and survey, and the
patentee was decreed to convey to the person claiming under the prior entry. In delivering his opinion Judge Fleming said, "The first objection made by the counsel for the appellant is, that the
survey does not pursue the warrant;- but I think there is no weight in this, as the. variance' is oly1 -in the quantity. . If the land hd been imperfecfly described, it might have been fatal."

Judge Carrington said, "He did not copsidev the variance between the warrant and survey, as to the quantity, as being of any consequence."

The President, who had been an eminent practi.fionen ih. the council chamber, said, "He- felt;no

difficulty land."

FEBRUARY, 18O9. about the variance in the

.253
quantity of "the

TAY"Vt.oa Bitowm;

The rules established by Lord Fairfax were known to conform to those of the crown, and the -declarations of the judges in this case, all of whom were acquainted, in some degree, with the usages under the regal government, make a strong impression on this court in favour of the opinion that, in the council chamber, the law was understood to be, that excess in the survey was not to be regarded.

The law of this case, then, so far as respects the state of title previous to the emanation of either grant, appears to be with the first survey. It remains to inquire whether a court of equity will relieve against the legal title acquired by the first grant.

The principle on which relief is granted is, that
the patent, which is the consummation of title, does, in equity, relate to the inception of title; and, there-
fore, in a court of equity, the person who has first appropriated the land in contest has the best title, unless his equity is impaired by the circumstances of the case.

In this cause, the first patentee is said to be a pur, chaser without notice. But, for the reasons assigned in a forrer part of this opinion, the court does not consider him as clothed with that character. His warrant authorizes him to survey waste and tinappropriated lands, and he undertakes himself to
find lands of that description. '1he government acts entirely on his information; and the terms of his grant are, that the lands were waste and unappropriated. It is not for him to say that he had misinformed the government, and had surveyed appropriated instead of vacant lands, and had theitby entitled himself to be considered as a purchaser
without notice.

Neither does the court conceive that the.plaintiffs

CALOn
V.

256

SUPREME-COUR'V .U. S.

have forfeited their right to comt into a court oi
equity, by their negligence.

in the case of I Wash. 116. the prior right of the plaintiff had been absolutelv.forfeited, so that the defendant had the first title both in equity and law, And the plaintiff's bill was dismissed because he failed to prove the .fraud which he alleged, and which was, in that case, necessary to give the court
jurisdiction.

In. the case of Picket and Dowdale, and of Curric aid Burns, there were both forfeiture and abandon-
ment.

In the case of .7ohnson and Bronw, *3 Call, 259. more than sufficient time hadelapsed between the entry and survey of the plaintiff to produce a forfeiture ; but, by the old law, notice was to be given by the sul, eyor before a forfeiture, could take place,
and this fact 'was not proved. During forty year this entry had been totally neglected; and the court wag of opinion that, after such a lapse of time, the fact' of notice by the, surveyor might be presumed. This case then also turned on the principle of forfeiture. There were, besides, a gieat many circumstances in Johnson's title which gave a strong bias to the judgment of the court.

The difference' between the case under considerdtion, and those cited is apparent. But the case
of' Yohnson b. Buffington was miich stronger than thi.o The prior survey was actually forfeitable, but had not been 'forfeited; and in that Case, after a riuch Ibnger time than exists in the present, a court of equity supported ii against the eldest grant.

The general principles which have been relied on,
in this branch of the argument, cannot be considered as applicable to a c-ise in which the act, which. ionstitutes the foundation of the charge of negligence, was performed within the time allowed by statute

FEBRUARY, 1809.2

255

for its performance. The circumstances, which excused the ownersof military surveys for not returning them, Were before the legislature and have been declared, by 1aw,4to be stufficient.

T.&r.o. Z.

But it is contended that the plaintiffs can have no equity beyond the 2,000 "acres contained in the warrant on which M'Donald's survey wismade.

If this court is to consider itself as merely substituted for a court of law, with no other difference than the power of going beyond the pateini'this question is already decIded. -But, iii the -case of Bodley and Hughes v. Taylor, an .opinion was indicated that its jurisdiction, not being given by statute; but assumned by itself, must be exercised upon the known principles of equity. This Orpiniol is still thought perfectly correct in itself. Its application to particular cases, and indeed its being considered as a rule of decision on Kentucky titles, will depend very much on the decisions of-thar country. For, in questions respecting title to real estate especially, the sanie rule ought certainly to prevail in
both courts.

But, in its equity, this case differs essentially from Bodley and. Hughes v. Taylor. In that case, Taylor bad the, eldest entry as well as the eldest patent. In this, the eldest equitable right is with him who holds the eldest* grant. In that case, the variance between the entry and survey of. the elder right is established by a set -ofrules growing out of expositions subsequent to the survey. In' this, the
eldes-t grant is founded on a survey made on land which, in point of fact, was previously appropriated.
But, which is of great importance, in that case, the terms of the subsequent location prove that.the locator considered himself 's comprehending Taylor's previous entry. within his iocation, and, consequent-
ly, did not suppose so much of the land covered by
.his entry as being then subject to appropriation.

*Qu.wre, ypultget ;

TA.Yvo

256

SUPREME COURT U. S.

He either did not mean to acquire the land within
,Tylor's entry, or he is to be considered as a man .watching for the accidental mistakes of others, and preparing to take advantage of them. What is gained at law by a person of this description, equity will not take from him ; but it does not follow that egity will aidhis views, and give more than the law gives him, by allowing him to hold what he has leg'ally gained, while he demands what is legally lost.

In this case, ],'Donald supposed himself to be appropriating, and in fact was appropriating, land to whiclh no other had, at the tim;e, any pretensions.

"Inaddition to these strong differences, in equity, hetween the two cases, no decision of Kentucky was 'showi to the court,,which was applicable to the,case of B3odley and Hughes v. Taylor. But the case of Beckly v.Bryan and Ransdale is conceived to be an authority in point for this case. Fhe decision of the court of appeals of Virginia, in the case of Buffington and Johnson is also considered as expressly in point, .and is to be respected, because both these sur.vrys, were made while the country in whicW.they
were made formed a part of Virginia.

It is thought not absolutely unimportant, in a court.of, equity, that one of the circumstances has occurred, which, at law, rescues the surplus land in MI.Donald's patent from the possibility of being acquired by any other person. An alienation has talten place.. The decree, therefore, of the court fox the district of.Kentucky, is to be reversed, and the defendant must bi- decreed to release to the
plaintiftt, respectively, the lands within Sumner's patent which lie within the lines of the lund coirveyed by M'Donald's heirs to them respectively.

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

19

stated, and that it is not necessary that any of the items should come within the five years. That the
replication was good, and not repugnint to the declaration ; and that the rejoinder was bad.

Judgment affirmed with costs.:

MANDE, VIVL.LE
Wmso..

FAIRFAX'S EXECUTOR v. ANN FAIRFAX.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district ooffoUfpopnhethnee isas&u.. Columbia, sitting at A.lexandria, ii an action Om ienriahv

assumpsit brought by the defendant in error against jury must find

specially the

the plaintiff in error, as executor.

' amount of as.

sets in the

Upon the issues.of non assumpsit and plene ad- hainds of the

ministravit,the jury found a general verdict, which e'.,Z"*tcb", was recorded in this form: " We 'of the jury find rcteonudretr cajunndogt-

the issues for the plaintiff, and assess the damages nlent upon the to two hundred and twenty dollars and ninety-fi"v"e vIfertdhicet.-. decbend.

cents." Upon which verdict the judgment of the ant below in-

court was "that the plaintiff recover against the termniries ii,

defendant her damages

aforesaid

in

form

aforesaid

ter

tile jutgnd be-

en

sui

assessed, and also her'costs by her about her st re the ser-

in this behalf expended, to be levied of the goods and "" ofthe writ

of error, the

chattels of the said Bryan Fairfax, deceased, at the sei.vice of the

time of his death, in the hands of the said defendant et'tion ']lion

to be administered, if so much, &c. but if he hath sufciLb not so much, then the costs aforesaid to be levied of the proper goods and chattels of the said defendant;

and the said defendant in mercy," &c.-

The error relied upon bythe plaintiff in error was, that the jury had not found the amount of assets in
his hands to be administered.

&wann, for the plaintiff in erroi, having cited Esp. N. P. 263. and the case of"footh's Executors v. Armstrong, 2 Mash. 301., was stopped by the court, who requested to hear Mr. E. 7-. Lee on the othe-
side.

SUPREME COIOfRt U. S.
FAnRFAk'S - A... Zee, contra.
Ex'a
V.
PAI rAx. There 'was no necessity for the jury to find spa~ cially the ainount of the assets, for if ever so small .asum had been found, -the judgment would have .been the same as'if assets had been found to the whole amount of the plaintiff's claim. The'sum found by the jury would not alter the judgment. It would still have been for the whole debt de bonis testatoris si, &c. and si non, then the costs de bonis propriis.
But here the jury-have in substance found that the,defenddnt had'assets more thn sufficient to satis4ythe debt due to the plaintiff, for thAt is the allegatibn of the plaintiff.in her replicationi-and the jury have found the issue for the plaintiff upon that replication.
It is not more necessary to' find. specially upon 'this issue than upon non assumpsit or nil debet.
There is a difference between this case and that of- Booths Executors v.. Armstrong, 2 Wash. 301., for there .the fitiding was not, as here, generally, "we find the issuesfor the plaintf;"but " zve findfor the plaintilfthe debt in' the declarationmentioned,andone penny damages." The finding there was special, and could not be construed to be a finding of the matter of the-plhintiff's replication as the finding in the present case may and ought to be.
The cases cited to show that the amount of assets -found could not alter.the judgment 3vere,-8 Co.' 34. M ary Shipley's case. 6ro. Eliz. 592. Waterhouse v. W-oodstreet. Styles, 38. Gawdy v. Ing-ham. _Freem. 351. Oxendan v. 'Hobdy. Bro. Execution, p. 34..p. 82. Godbolt; 178. Newman v. Babington. Cr,,. Car. 373; Dorchesterv.,Webb. Lex Test, 414.
P'eb~rswry "21.
MVIARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the
court to the following effect -

FEBRUARY, 18o9.

The verdict ought to-have found the amount of the assets in the hands of the defendant to be admihistered.

FAinrAXes
Ex' FAX.

The cases cited to show that the judgment must be for the whole sum, if the verdict find any assets, have been o'v'erruled. This is declared by Lord .Mansfleld,.ina case cited.ift Gwillitn's edition of Ba'c. Abr. and the law is now well understood to be, that the executor is only liible for the am6unt of assets found' by the jury. In Virginia the law has been so settled;. The case cited from 2 Wash. Rep. is precisely-in point. The counsel for the defendant in error attempted to show, a distinction aria sing from the difference of form in --which the verdicts were rendered. But the twvo veiaicts appear to the^court to-be precisely alike inisubstiince.'

The defendant in error relies 'dntheb form. of. the issue. - She contends that as the"replicafion alleges that the defendant has assets more than. suffint-to satisfy the debt, he finding of that issue ,for "the plaintiff below- in-effect finding that the. defendant has asset ii-re.than sufficient to satisfy-the debt; and if so, it is wholly immaterial whatitle real amount of assets -is. But if this were- "theissue, and the demand were 500 dollars, if thtijury should find that the defendant had assets to the amountbf "499'dollars, the judgment must.be for the defend,
ant.

But the law i not so. An executor is liable for the amount of assets in his hands, and not .more.

The issue really is, whethei the defendant has any, and what amount of assets'in his harids.

Judgment reversed.*

* Vide, 8 T. B. 688, 680. Harrison v, Beecles.
.B.3. Iee had previously moved this court to quash the writ of erre, because the eitati6n was not served on ,Aq'Fairfax, the defenudaht

