3124

SUPREME'COURT U. S.

DtFouszAv WASHINGTON and TODD, Justices, agreed in opinion S. with Judge Livingston.

Judgment reversecI6

TYLER AND OTHERS v. TUEL

.n assignee of THIS was a case certified from the circuit court of aart roi'gff,hta' rttacaPpa. ttehe district of Vermont.

at maintain
ie accatsie, foaorn Tyler and others, as assignees of Benjamin Tyler,

noolaftitohe the original patentee of an improvement in grist-mills,

atent.

which he c~lled the wry-fly, or side wheel.

After a verdict for the plaintiffs, the judges of the court below, upon a motion in arrest of judgment, were divided in opinickn upon the questi6n *"whether the plaintiffs, by their own showing, are legal assignees to maintain this action."
There were two counts in the declaration.
The first set forth the substance of the statutes 'upon the subject of patents for useful discoveri-s, the facts necessary to entitle the paentete to a patent for his invention, and the patent itself, together with the -specificationdated February 20, 1800.
The averment of the assignment of the patent right to the plaintiffs was in these words: "And the plaintiffs further, say, that the said Benjamin Tyler afterwards,to wit, on the 15th day of Mal in the year last aforesaid, at said, Claremoit, by his cert:in deed, of that date by him signed, sealed, and to the plaintiffs then and there by the said Benjamin delivered, and ready to be shcwn to the court, did in consideration of the sum of six thousand dollars, to him befisre that time by the plaintiffs paid, grant, bargain, sell, assign

FEBRUARY, 1810.

325

and set over to the plaintiffs' their executors, adminiso trators and assigns, all the right, title and privilege in, unto, and over the said improvement in the said patent describeaI, anti thereby vested in the said Benjamin in any part of the Unired States, xcefiting.ln the counties of Chittenden, Addison, Rutland and Windham, in tie state of Vermont."

TYLEZ Tuv.*,.

The second count, omitting the recital of the statutes and of the patent, stated concisely the same facts. The averment of the assignm.ent'of the patent right was as follows: " And the said Benjamin I'yler, after-
wards, and befotre the'expiration-of the said-fourteen years, to wit, at said Claremont, on the 15th day of Ma-, in the year last aforeidid, by. his certain deed of that date by him then and there signed, sealed, and to the plaintiffs delivered, assigned-to the plaintiffs the full and exclusive right and liberty of making, constructing, using, and vending to* oiht-rs to be ust:d¢ the said improvement, in and throughout the United States, .excetiIug in the cootntis of Chittendcn, Addison, Rutlan4 and Windham, in the'state of Vermont, 'as fully and amplv as by aid letters pAtent'the said Benjatiin T leiw"as thereto entitled, and all his title-and interest in and unto said improvement excepting-as aforesaid."

Hubbard, for the defendant, dontended that the asiignmnent,'being of part of the patent righ.t.only, was not Stch as would authdrize thk assignees to maintain .anaction on the statute.. CLaws U. S. vol. 2. p. 202. I4, 5.
rhe fourth sectioh of the act decldres,. "that it shall be lawful for anyindentor, his executor or administra' -for,to assign the title and interest in the said invention at any time, and the qssignee, having recorded the said assignment iii the office of. the secretary of state, shall thereafter standin -theplace ofthe origiualinventor both as to right and responsibility, and so the assignee& of assigns to any degree."

The fifth section provides, ",that if any person. shall make, devise and use, oi sell the thing -o invented, ie.

TILMF
V.
lv El..
,

326

SUPREME COURT U. S.

exclusive right of which shall, as aforesaid, have been
secured to any person by patent, without the consent of the patentee, his executors, adiimstrators or asszgwn first obtained in writing, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the patentee a sum that shall be at least equal to three times the price for which the patwntee has usually sold or jicensed to other persons the use of the said invention, which may b- recovered in an actan on the case founded on this act, in the circuit court of the United States, or any other court hay Ing competent jurisdiction.")

It is evident from the whole purview of the statute,
especialv from the 4th, 5th, 6th and loth sections, that no person can he considered as an assignee under the statute, who is not the assignee of the whole right of the original patentee.

Rodney, Attorney-General, contra.

Upon a motion in arrest of judgment, if the judges
are divided, the motion fails, and the judgment must be entered' of course. It must follow the verdict, unless sufficient cause be shown to the contrary. I Salk. 17 Ld. Rqym. 271. 3 Mod 156.

If there can be no assignment but of the whole right, then the exception of particular counties is void, it-being repugnant to the prior words and intention of the
grant.

So if the jury find a fact inconsistent with a fact pre-
viously found, the latter fact shall be rejected. Cro. Car 130. 3 East. 6 Bac. Abr 381. Plowd. 564. 1 B!, Com. 89. 2 Co. 83. 8 Co. 56. Dye?', 351. 1 Go. 3. 1 Yent, 521. Gro. Eliz. 244.

The whole passed at law by the deed of assignment. The exceptions are in the nature of equitable assignments.

On a.subsequent day the court directed the following opinion to be certified to the circuit court for the district of Vermont, viz.

FEBRUARY, 1810.

327

It is the opinion of the court that the plaintiffs, 6y their own showing,, are .notlegal assignees to maintain this action, in their own name-, and that the judgment of the circuit court be arrested.

TYLER
TUZEL.

THE SCHOONER JULIANA v. THE UNITED STATES; and
THE SHIP ALLIGATOR v. THE UNITED STATES.

THESE were appeals from the sentence of (the itio %vas circuit court for the district of Mar land, affirming othfefieeemabgairn~gsot the sentence of the district court, which condemned a, , take the schooner Jztiana, and the shup Ai-ator and gonoedsveslnanudti of cargo, for a supposed violation of thF 3d section of ihe put themi nto act of congress of the 9th. of january,1808, entitled annther ill the "An act supplementary to the act, entitled anract lay- put .6f-Bali.
nire, unless it
ing an embargo on all ships and vessels in- the ports be w;th an in and harbours of the United Statea," by putting goods trnt to, export from the Juliana on board the Alligator.
The libel, in the case of the Juliana, stated, that on the first of January, 1808, she, being a Swedish vessel, cleared from Baltmore for' Port au Prince, having-on board 100 barrels of herrings,-which were on board when her master was notified of the embargo, that sbe proceeded on her voyage to her port of desunation, but before she left Ptapsco river, there were laden on board of her a complete cargo of.merchandise, foreign and domestic, with which she proceeded, in pros-cution of her said voyage, until the 1st of Jpnuary, 1808, when she was arrested by"the officer ot the customhouse of the port of Baltimore, and brought back, after which, and while she was in that port,. viz. the IIth of January, 1808, sundry goods, described in -the libel,, were taken and removed from the Juliana and put on board the Alligator, then lying in the port of

SUPREME COURT U. S.

-SiL. 's " It appearing that the merits of this cause had 1Pxits been finally decided in this court, and that its mandate

MAV's Ex',Rs. required only the execution of its decree, it is the

-

opinion of this'court thikt the circuit court is bound to

carry that decree into execution, although the juris-

diction of that court be not alleged i'n the pleadings."

THE CHESAPEAKE INSURANCE COMPANY v. STARK.

w'hoIhneiakaeg, einn-t -ERROR to the circuit court of the district of 'Maurance tor hiii ryland, in an action of covenant upon a policy of insuttrhirlcriipk.y, tohaas- rance upon goods on board the ship Minerva, from 5ando" withl- Philadelphda to Laguira, and back to Philadelphia.
3ut a fhirnal
uter of attr- The cause was tried upon the issue of ?ion infregit
ltTvi'lo, fainl,ftremed- conv'otionem, and the jury found a special verdict, f cehiul Isstating the tollowing facts:
11',l,(Iu r hili On the th of March4 1807, Christian Dannenberg,
)e unexcep- as agent of -the plaintiff; who was a citizen of Pcnnsyl|onable, the vania, shipped for Laguira, on account, and at the sole
mmiiiitilyit, risk, of the plaintiff, sundry goods, being American ,lie u ;l'ie-r,propert',.and regularly documented assuch, to the valei.t is lnt es. lue of 8,700 dollars and upwards,- on board the ship elitial to the Minerva, and consigned tl}emn'to William Parker, su-"
-ight of eathter
lt,I . hrpercargo on board.* On the 12th of March she sailed .fthu.alha.don- with the goods fronbt Philadelphia for, Laguira.
tunltpbites, legtahle,
IndIerwriCI,* On the 21st of March, Charles G. Boerstler,for the bt, tiii plaintiff, effected an insurance with the Chesapeake Ihsuoicd, mitsiturance Company, who are citizeiss of the state of ie ag,.nt of M'VIaryland, upon the goods, to the anbunt of 8,W0 dol
:he:4St5i ben
: t(L' -alars, by the policv mentioned in the .declaratioi, ,which ft-ttOthc was executed under the common seal of the company.
un, I-%%lees A blilt I !'1-
di't isd retive On the outward voyage she was'captured by a British t(1.,h .d. wr privateer and carried into Curragoa. On the-29th of tihCyollarot .,udait. April, 1B.0T, the cmntain made a protest. OnOnthtehlehlt1t3hth

FEBRUARY, 18'1o.

2.69

of June, 1807. the ship and goods being still in possession of the captors at Curragoa, and there detained by, them, tht said Charles G. Boeistler, "-for the pl.,ntif' abandorted to the Chesapeake Insurance Company, the goods shipped by D:,nnenbt rg for the plaintiff, by a letter to the presidentt and directors ot the Chesapeake Insurance· Company, .athe defendants, in the words and figures following:
"'B4altimore, June 13, 1807.
Stiotf
apresident and Directors of the ) Chesapeake Insurance Company,

CHES.Ix. Co.
*A~nx.
_o, -
LuentetasinreaVtreason-
able time o a-
baquuedoostfiomnienctosrnt.unt'eodtffet
atid :laww,lhielh must biw |ta
by a jury oun-
der the direof the
court.

"Gentlemen,
- "Having this morning received a letter from Mr. G. Dannenberg, of Philiddlphia, the agent for Mr. John Phlip Stark, of Haiover, ordering m& to abandon the goods shipped by him, for Mt. Stark's account, on board the American ship Minerva, Captain Newcomb, carried int,., and detained at Curr iioa, on her voyage from Philadelphia to Laguira, whereby the object of the expedition is totally frustrated and destroyed; I herewith abandon to you the whole of Mr. Sark's interest in the cargo of the Minerva, which you have. insured in your office.

-I have the hono.ur to be, getitlemen, your most
"obedient se rvant, * hi"arles G. Boerstler."

Which abandonment the defendants then refused to

accept.

, -

W. Parker, the upercargo, addresed a memorial to the governor of Curi-,'a', on the 19th of June, 1810, inwhich he complains of tlhe detention as being of the most ruinous consequences to the owners.

On the 25th of July, i807,"thevessel and cargo be-
ing stilf detained at CurraCoa, in the. possession of the captors, Parker entered into an-agreement" with I.-F. Burke, the owner of the privater, bv which . certais

270

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ams.. co. partof the goods, should be appraised and the price Y' paid by Parker, to be repaid by Burke in case the goods
STARX. should not be adjudged good prize; and that a certain
other part should be kept by Burke, upon his engaging tQ pay the value thereof in the like case. In consequence of which agreement the vessel was liberated, and proceeded to Laguira, whcre'the goods were -sold, and produced about 5,900 dollars.

Parker employed an agent to attend the trial at Tortola, ahd to claim the goods for the plaintiff; but a
trial was never had, nor any proceedings instituted for dte purpose of obtaining an adjudication,

On the 22d of August, 1807, Darnenberg, as agent of: the plaintiff, executed a deed to the Chesapeake In. surance Company, trarisferring to them all his right and title to the goods,'as attorney of the plaintiff, which deed they refused to receive.

Winder and Alartin, for the plaintiffs in error, contended,

1. That the contract by Parher -with Burke was
either the personal contract of Parker, or the contract of Stark; and was the cause of the loss.

2. That there was no sufficientabandonment. Dan. nenberg was the agent of the plaintiff to make the shipmefit, but he had no power to abandon, nor to trans er to the defendants the rights of the plaintiff. Much less.cotild Boerstler, the. friend of I annenberg.
If the vessel and cargo had returned after the abandonment, there was nothing to prevent Stark from clairping. The deed of cession ought to have been under the plaintiff's seal, or a power of attorney, under seal, should be produced.

3. The abandonment was not in due time.

Harper, contra.

If the authority of Danntnberg to abandon does not 3.

FEBRUARY, 18o.

2.71

·appear in the special verdict, nor the time -'%hen he C11Es. I. Co. received 'hotice" of the loss, this cotirt will award a re- sTAK. nire facias de.novo,'because the jury have "found the evidence of the authority and time, but not the- act of authority, ior the reasonableness of the time.

In a mercantile irnsacti6n no instturitent under
seal is necessary. "The letter is found which states thefact of abandonment, and the jury find the agency of Dannenberg. The letter states the authority of Bot rstler, and the jury have found his authority.' This
throws the burden of proof on the othier side. The. deed of cession from Dannenberg states that he acts for Stark, and as his attoiney. The jury find that it
was done.by Dannenberg for Stark. It was not necessary that the deed should have been executed in the name of Stark. It is as well if- it bie signed by Dan. nenberg, as his agent or attorney.

After th%abandonment Parker became the agent of the underwi':ers, who were then the owners. It is a general prinr ple that all acts done bona fide for the best interest d " all concerned, are the acts of the underwriters, aftUr a rightful abandonment. The assured cannot then revoke ; nor can the underwriters throw
back the property, without the conient.of the assured.

.Martin, in reply.

The question is, whether the assured cah elect by
attorney to abandon. Parker could not be -considered as th, -agent of the underwriters, in* doing an act which could-not lpenefit them.

The plea 6f non'infregit was decided, before the statute of jeofailM, to be an ihy'rnial,but not an immaterial plea. 1 Si. .83. 1 Lev. 290. It would have been bad upon special demurrer, but it is aided by the verdict. No other form of pleading has ever been used
in Marytind, upon a sealed policy.

72

SUPREME COURT U. S.

IZE1.IN Co. -
V. STA ii

.Mac/z 14o

i .,~' MARSIRALL, Chq.. J. delivered

court as lollows:

the opinion

of the

On the principal question in this case the court can entertain no doubt. On the capture of theMinerva, the right to 4bandon was complete, and-this right was
exercised daring her detention-

The objections to the form of the abandonment are
not 'deetred substantial. The agent who made the insurance might certainly be crt dited, and, in transactions'of this kind, always is credited, when he declares that, by the order of his principal" he abandons to the underivriters. In this case, the jury find that the abandonment was made for the plaintiff; and this finding establishes that fact.

The informality of the deed of cession is th'ought
unimportant, because, if the abandobment was unexceptionable, the property vested immediately, in the uvderwriters, and the deed was not essential to ,he
right of either party. Had it been demanded andli:. f'sed, that circumstance might have altered the law of the case.

If the abandonment was legal, it put the under4ri-
ters completely in the place of the assured, and Parker
became their agent. When.he contracts on behalf of the owners of the goods, he.'contracts on .behalf of the underwriters, who have " ecomne owners, not on
behalf of Stark, who has ceased to bt one.- His act is no longtr the act of Stark, and is n,- to ho considered as an interference, on his part, which may affect
the abandonment. If any par.tic ar instructions had been given on this subject, if any act of ownership had been exerted by Stark himself, -such conduct might be construed into a relinquishment of an abandonment which had not been accepted ; but as nothing of the kind exists, the act of the. supercargo is to be considered as the act of the persons interested, who. ever they may be.

FEBRUARY, 1810.

.2 g

The only point which- presents any- difficulty, in cnEs. INCo, the opinion of the court, is the objection foundedoi STAE. the omission, in the verdict, to find that the abandonment was made in reasonable time.

The law is settled 'that an abandonment, to be effectual, must be made in reasonable time ;,but what time is reasonable is a question cornpounded of fact and law, which h:s not yet been reduced to such certainty as to enable the court to pronounce up'on itwithout the aid of a jury. Certainly the delay may be so great as to enable every man to declare, without hesitation, that it is unreasonable, or the abandonment may be so immediate, that all will admit it to have been made in reasonable time : but there may be such
a imediuiM' between these extremes, as to render it douBtful whether the delay has been reasonable or otherwise. If it was a mere question of law which the court might de-.ide,'then the law would determine, to a day or an hour, on the time left for dtliberation,
after receiving notice of the loss. But the law has not so determined, and it therefore remains a question compounded of fact and law, which must be found by a jury under the direction of the court.

In this cage the jury have found an abandonment, but have not found whether it was made in-due time or otherwise.' The fact is, therefore, found defectively ; and for that reason a venirefacias de nov, must be
awarded.

It may not be amiss to remark that the judicial opinions which we generally find in the books, on
these subjects, are usually given by way of instruction to the jury, or on a motion for a new trial, not on
special verdicts. The distinction between the cases deserves consideratioR.

Judgment reversed, and the cause remanded, with

direction to award a venire facas de novo.

Vol. WII

M m

THE

FEBRUARY; 181o,

203

TnX U.

ITED STATES v. SHIP HELEN.

HELEN.

THIS was an appeal from the sentence of the dis- Avcssel htving trict court of the United States for the district of violated a law

New-Or]eans;which disissed the libel.

States, canot be sreized for

d.such violation,
The ship Helen, a vessel of the United States, du-after the law

ring the existence of the act of congress of the 28th huansless nxpsioremde. of February, 1806,, "o suspend She commercial inter- spe,,l prow-

course between the United Statep and certain ports of sion be made the island of St. Domingo, had traded with one of the thereforbysa prohibited ports, contrary to that act. The act was suffered to expire on the 25th of April, 1808. Afterwards, to wit, on the 20th of September, 1808, she was seized, on account of that violation of the act, oy the collector of the port of New-Orleans, but. the libel was dismissed by thejudge, on the ground that the law had expired.

The United States appealed.

The case was now submitted without argument, and

upon the authority of the case of

,. a last

term,

The sentence was-allirrmd.

STEWART v. ANDERSON

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Coo In an actiiot

in Vio~inla by

lumbia.

the asgnee of

a negotiable

Stewart, the endorsee of a promissorv -note, brought proeiSSOrY his action of debt, under the statute of Vipginia, against themaker, the Anderson, the maker. The note wastnade payable latter may set to W Hodgson, and by him assigned to Stewaxrt. Itnooftae noefgot tieabPlet,
to

274

SUPREME COURT U. Sr

1xVn'saTON V.
MAR. IN. Co.
LIVINGSTON AND GILCHRIST v. THE MARV LAND INSURANCE COMPANY.

If the interest ERROR to the circuit court' for the district of Ma-

of one joint ryland,, in an action of covenant upon a policy (of in-

ownerof a car-

(

go be insured, surance against c ipture only) upon goods laden on

atrnedstif btehatneiu- - board the ship Herkimer from Guyaquil, or her last

tral, it is no port of discharge in South America, to New-York; breach of the the goods w'ere warranted to be American property,

neutrality if "proof of which to be required in the United States

the other joint only."p I he ship and cargo were captured by a British

owner, whose

f

interest is not ship of war,

anats and condemned

at

Halifax

as

prize.

insured, be a

belligerent.

The defence set up by the underwriters was,

The assured

are not undher-
stood to war- 1. That one Baruro, a Spanish subject, was interest.

whole cargo is rant that the ed in the cargo, and that Baruro being. a subject ,of neutral, but one of the belligerents, the warranty of nieutrality was rest insured that the is inte. forfeited.

neutral.
Tise effect of a 2. That certain Spanish papers Were found on board
inisrepresenta-:

tionoreouceal- stating the cargo to be the prbperty of Baruro, and alreat, pon a though Baruro might not be interested in the cargo,

pends upon its yet these papers, not being necessary, according to the rnuaeriitity to usual course of the trade, were the. cause of the con-

t.e risk. which must be dcci- demnation, and as this cause proceeded from the act ded by a .Juryof the instired, the underwriters were not liable,

under the di-

rection of -a

Court.

3. That although the interest of the plaintiffs Living-

The right to ston & Gilchrist, was neutral, yet the concealment of

shanl n msay
be kept in sus- the interest of Baruro vitiated the pblicy. pense by ms,-

tual consent. If foreign laws 4. That the abandonment was not made in due time.

and regulations respect-
iog ree

T To these objections the plaintiffs answered,

not proved to
have been in 1. That Baruro,was not part owner of the goods-;
vriting aspub-
lie edicts, they he had only a contingent interest in the profits of tho may be proved voyage. That the subject insured was only the iitby puroL

'I a vessel take

FEBRUARY, 18io7

,2 75

fest of thep'taintfi', which was strictly ineutral pro- LivzoVa. sT
pety

perry.

,MINA.RC. V.

2. That the Spanish papers were necessary to carry 6d board pa-

on the voyage insured, according to the nature and pers which in-

tourse of the trade.

orcapture, and.

If it be not the

3. That the interest of Baruro was not such a. they regular wsage ofured to tak

Were bound to disclose.

" "the

suchnn!pea-ipselr-s'

Upon the trial of the issue of non infregit conven- sure ofthe fact

tionem, the jury found a special verdict; and a bill of that they

exceptions was taken by the plaintiffs in error to

will a-

the instruction of the court to the jury, that parol eatethapo)oir'

evidence was not competent to prove, " that according

to the uniform and long standing laws of Spain,:relative

to the trade of her colonies in America, and especially

of Peru, no goods could, at and 'about the time of the

making the policy in 'the declaration mentioned, be

imported into, or exported from, the colony of Peru,

from, or to any other than a Spanish port in Europe,

or in any other than a Spanish bottom, without a spe-

cial license from the King of Spain for that purpose,

and that such licenses, at and about the said time,

were never granted, with respect to the said colony of

Peru, to any but Spanish subjects ; and that, accord-

· ig to the- constant course and usage of the trade, to

and from that colony, ander such licenses, it was usual

and necessary for the property to appear, in the said

colony, and at its departure therefrom; as the proper-

"ty of a Spanish subject, and of the person holding

th: license, to be accompanied by such Spanish pa-

pers as were necessary to give it that appearance,

and to be cleared out as such from the port of.de-.

parture in Peru; such licenses, not being avowedly

transferable; although* by observing the abovemen-

tioned formalities and precautions, American property,

at and about the said time, might be, and sometimes

.was, imported into, -and exported from, the said colo

ny by American. citizens, by virtue, and under the

protection, of such liceinses."

The order for insurance., which wa, supposed to

Q176

SUPREME COURT U. S.

LXvx-aTo amount, to a representation, that the whole cargo was MAR. 1z.¢o. neutral property, was contained in a letter from the plain-
tiff Gilchrist to Webster & Co. at Baltimore, in which he says, "on the recommendation of Messrs. Church & Demmill, I take the liberty of requesting you to effect insurance in your city on the cargo of the ship Hlerkimeri Church, master, from Guyaquil, or her last
port of departure in South America, to Newv-York, against loss by capture only, warranted American propertv, and iree .from all loss on account of seizure, for illicit or prohibited trade. The owners are already insured aainst the dangers of the seas, and all other risks except that of -capture. You will please to insure to the amount of fifty thousand dollars in valued policies. You have already had a Aeseription of the ship from Messrs. Church & Demmill, the agents of Mr. Jackson, who, is the'owner, and which I presume
is correct. Bya letter received from Mr. James Baxter, the supereargr,, dated at Lima, tht-23d of September, 1805, 'he did not expect the Herkimer would sail from Guyaquil until the last, of February,
I think proper to mention, that the insurance will be on account of Mr. Brockholst Livingston and itiyself.
Mr. Bixter and Mr. Griswold are also concerned, but the, first gentleman thinks there is so little danger
of capture, that in his letter from Lima, he expressly directs no insurance to be made for him against this risk, and Mr. Griswold is not here to consult. Both these gentlemen, as well as those for whom you are
desir'ed to make insurance are native Americans."-

The description of the ship, as given b.r Church & Demmill, and referred, to in the above letter,, was as foUlows: " She is a fine ship of about 400 tons bur. den, about three years old, sheathed and coppered to the bends, built in the state of New -York, and her bwner a native American citizen. She sailed from Boston on the 12th day of May last, bound for Lima, with liberty to go to one other port in South America, not west of.Guyaquil and from thence to New-York.

"She has permission to trade there."

FEBRUARY, 1819.

277

On the 5th of June, 1806, the plaintiff- Gilchrist, LivxNGV.sToil wrote to Webster & Co. at Baltimore, informing them MARt. I.N. Co.
of the capture of the Vressel, and that the tlain!iffs had .-sent an agent to Halifax to act in bthalf 'ofthe con-¢erncd, and desiring that this informatioft should be
communicated to the underwriters, and assurances that 'the plaintiffs should act throughout With due regard to their respective interesis. He then says, I'I should like them to approbate the 'ow.ners in. takin". every measure they may judge best for our mutual interest,'withoutprejudice to our right.' I ought likewise to mention that one of -the owners has also gone in her, so the underwriters will observe ·every measure.
calculated to protect their and our interest has bien speedily pursued." This letter was laid lbfore.the underwriters, who returned it with their answer endorsed thereon " readandiipproved."

On the 22d of August, 1806, after the conaemnation in the court of vice-admiralty, the plaintiffs aban-' doned to the underwriters.

.The cause 'as argued at great length .byZarper. for the plaintiffs in error, and by Winder.Key and I tin, for the defendants, but their arguments were principally upujn points not decided by the court.

March 16.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered" the opinion -6f the court as follows:

In this case several questionk have "occurred, on
which the court has not yet formed an opinion.- The application of rules and principles, which have -eb6n, framed for an action on the case, to an action of covenant, is an operation of some'difficulty. The cdurt has not decided with precision, 'on the'extent of the plea, .that" the 'defendant l'has- not broken his covenant,
nor on the testimony which may be admited' nuder that plea. Some difficulty, also, arises fron' thecircumnstances, that 'the parties have gone to. trial under the exp.ectation that the whole merits of the case were

278

SUPREME COURT U. S.

bxvpTGSTO open, under the issuq which was joined, and that such
MAR. . ,,. expectaltion was authorized by. the invariable usage of Sthe courts of Maryland, and of the circuit court sitting in that state.

Upon the inspection of the special verdict in this-
case, it is supposed that, however these points may be decided, a venire facias de novo* would _probably be awarded; and, as the delay of a term Would be a great inconvenience to the parties, it is deemed advisable to award it now.

There are, however, some points, which have been argued at great length, on which an opinion has been formed, which will now be delivered.

It is essential, in this form of action especially, to
distinguish accurately between the warranty coutained in the. policy, and those extrinsic circumstances, such as misrepresentation or concealment, which have been deemed sufficient to discharge the underwriters. Although the effet of a breach of a warranty, and of a material misrepresentation may be the same on a policy, yet they cannot be confounded together, in deciding on pleadings or on a special verdict.

The warranty, in this case, is ini these words; "warranted, by the asstired, to be American property, proof of which to be required in the United States only."

The interest insured is admitted to be American
property, in the strictest sense of the term; but it is contended, that Baruro, a Spanish subject, had an in. terest in the cargo, which falsifies the warranty.

Whether Baruro could be considered as having arL interest in the cargo, or not, is a question of some in-
tricacy, which the court has no decided; and which, if &termined in the one way or the other, would not affect the warranty; because, the assured are not understood to warrant that the whole cargo is neutral, but that the interest insured is neutral.

"'9EBRUARY, 1810.
If the assured represented the whole cargo to be Livfalw~kz , .neutral, when it was not, or if 1hey concealed the inter-.MAR..1N. Co. est of 'a belligerent, when it ought to have been disclo, sed, which facts this court neither affirm nor deny, the effect of the misrepresentation or concealment on the policy, depends on its materiality to the .risk. This must be decided by a jury under the direction of ' court. In this case, it has not been decided. Consequently, 'were it even to be admnitted that, under' the peculiar circumstances of this case, these facts might' be taken into consideration, without being specially pleaded, a venhre facias de novo would be necessary, in order to ascertain their materiality.
So, too, with respect to the Spanish papers found on board.
It is said that the verdict finds their materiality, by finding thiat the fair premium on American property disguised as Spanish, on the voyage insured, was twenty-five percent. whereas the premium, in this,case, Was only ten per cent.
But, it does not appear to the court that this pro. perty was, by these papers, disguised as'Spanish. It is found to have been the constant course of the trade to have them on board, and, consequently, they cannot be understood to disguise the property ^as Spanish, when there are other papers which prove it to be American.
It is, too, as yet, undecided, that this maft6r could be given in evidence, on this issue.
Although this verdict, and .these pleadings, do not pre ent the merits of the cause in such form as to enable the court to decide them, there are some insulated points, from which the cause may be iclieved.
The referehce to the letter 'of Church and Demmill, which. was made by the assured, in their letter of the 26th of March, to Alexapder Webster & Co., has

2§0

SUPREME COURT 1Y. S.

LIVtNuSTO- been treated both as a representition, and as a warranMAR. I . ., which is falsified by the sentence of'eoademnation. -

There is no colour for this opinion.

Most clearly' it is not a Warranty, for it is not intr6duced into the policy; atndif it were i representation, it only goes to the actual state of the ship, at the time,
not to her future conduct.

but it is not even a representation. Marshall, 33G. is full and clear on this point.

The letter of the assured, of the 5th of June, is
understood to ask the permission of the underwriters to keep their right to abandon in a state of suspense, and the note made by the president and directors, on that letter, is understood ag granting that permission. It is difficult to ascribe this letter to any other motive.

It has been asked, for how long a time is this per-
mission given? The answer is obvious. It is, at least, to continue while the' property continued in its then situation, unless it should be sooner determined B~y on.e of the parties. The assured might abandon
previous to the sentence, or iminediatelv afterwards;
and the underwriters might, at any time, require the assured to elect immtdiately, either to abandon or to waive-the right so to do. Since they have not made this comniunication, their original permission continued in force. 'But the jury have not found that the abandonment was or was not in due time.

Tt is, also, the opinion of the court that, as the laws
and regulation , by which this trade was regulated, are not proved to'have been in writing, as public edicts, but may have depended on instructions to the governor, 'they may be proved by parol.

The judgment is to be reversed, because the special verdict is defective; ;nl the cause remanded, with directions to award a vewrefacias de novo.

FEBRUARY, 1810.

81

In the.second case, it is ordered to be certified; that, LxviiwsroX
Wfthe jury should be of opinion that the Spanish pa- MA2. x. Co' pers, mentioned in this case, were material to the risk, and that it was not the regular usage of the trade insured to take such papers on board, the non-disclosure of die fact that they would be on board, v-ould vitiate the policy; but if. the jury should be of opinion that they.
were not material to the risk, or that it was the regular usage of the trade to take such papers on boar4; that they would not vitiate the policy.

HUDSQ.N AND SMITH -. GUESTIER.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Ma- The juriade

ryland; in an action of trover for coffee and logwood, French courts the cargo of,the brig Sea'Flower,which had been cap- iPs ntoot sceoirziufirueesd,

tured by the French, for trading to. the revolted ports to seizures

of the island of Hispanioka,contrary to the ordinances made - within

of Francei and carried into the Spanish port of

of

cop,

but condemned

by a.Frenchtribunal

at

Guadaloupe, A seizure, be-
yond the limits

and sold for the benefit of the captors, and purchased of the territo-

by the defendant Guestier. ..-

fnat jurisdic.. tion, for breach of a municipal

Upon the former trial of this case in the court be- regulation, it

low,

a statement

of

certain facts was

agreed to 6y

the

warranted by
-he lai of na-

counsel for the parties, and read in evidenO td the tions.

jury, who then found a verdict for the plaintiffs. One veWrshalenistihnerCe-a-

of the facts so admitted, and which, was then deemed v,ur ofthe dewholly immaterial by both parties, was, t0.-t the Sea- endan upon a

Flowerwas capturedwithin one league, of,the coast of tions, a new

the islandof Hispaniola. Upon this fact, which was the trialimurstbea

f is

dwarded

by tie

only fact which thi case dffered from tht of Rose V c urt below.

.Uirzely, (ante,vol. 4. p. 241.) the supreme court rever-

sed the first judgment of the court below, .(see ante,

",oj. 4. p. 293.) which had been for the plaintiffs, and

remanded the cause for further proceedings.

Upon the second trial in the court below; the verdict and judgment were for the defendant.

VoL V1.

Na

ViNVL. a1Y.r Lvai.

252

SUPREME COURT U. S.

The residue of the condition does not affect the

er

ctd

iqaestion, and need notrbC recited0

it is, then, the opinion of a majority of the court
that, if there was really a debt due from the jewelry store to the haidware store, Finley is entitled to that debt.

This is a prope" subject. for an account.

The plaintiff has probably not applied fdr this account in the court below, and it does not appeao to be
a princioal object of his bill. This court, thLrefore, doubited whether it would be most proper to affirm the -decree dismissing the bill with the addition that it should
be without prejudice to any future claim for profits, and for the debt due from one store to the other, or to 9pen the decree and direct the account. The latter
was deemed the more equitable course. The decree, tbtrefore, is-to be reversed, and the cause repand ed, with directions to take an account -between the two,stores, and an account -of the profits of the jewelry store, if the sam shall be required by the plaintiff.

TODD, J. concurred in the opinion of the court that the debt of Wells ES Co. was a debt to be paid by Finley, but he differed upon the other part of the case, being of opinion, that the complainant was 'not entitled.
to a relief which by his bill'he had made a merit of wvaiving..

Decree reversed, and thecause remanded, witb directions-to reinstate the injundtion, and take an account, &c.

DE BUTTS v. BACON AND OTHERS,

if agenf, ERROR to the circuit court for thq district of Co. ppee.rm, isshiaosn. ,ofylufmbia ina suit in chancery, brought by Samuel De

FEBRUARY, 18l.5

253

Butts against James Bacon and others,'the object of' Dzu -7:
which was to foreclose a mortgage made by Bacen to BACON. De Butts. The condition of ihe.mortgage was, that if
the defendant, Bacon, should pay to the complainant his pricipal,; the interest of eight per cent. upon one thousand dol- ssotlodck8, Pearpcpelirets. lars of eightper cent. stock ofihe Urn7,d States, loaned She money to by the complainant to the defendant, and should-further hs bwn- use, pay to the complainant "the said sum of one thousand--cd befo presay.

dollars," &c. the deed should be void.

mmoenrttgagsieves

a to

secure the re-

The defendant, Bacon, pleaded the statute of usury, payment ofthe

alleging that it was a-loan of money and not of stock. amount of the

stock ,vth 8

o

- Pei' cent': ilite-

The facts of the -case appeared to· be, that the .c. om. riteust iisthue'o"n, plainant, Samuel De'Butts, intending-to-speculate 'in a voyage with Captain Elias De Butts, authorized the latter to sell one thousand. dollars of eightper cent. stodk 6f the United-States, which he did through the agency of the defendant, Bacon, who received the money. The plan- of the voyage not having been prosecuted, the
complainant wished to get his stock back again, but could.not get either the stock -orthe money from Ba. con. It was however finally agreed, that Bacon should be considered as answerable. for the stock, and should
give a mortgage to secure the repayment of thd stock,
and-eight per cent. interest.

The court below decided the contract to be usurious, and decreed the mortgage to be void. Which -decree, this court, after argument, by Swann, for the-appellant,
and roungs, for the appellees,

Affirmed.

SHEEHY v. MANDEVILLE AND JAMESSON.

ERROR to the circuit court for the d;strict of Co- A promissory

lumbia, sitting at, Alexandria, in an action.of assu r

vef

FEBRUARY, 180SM

_U9

5. It is -not averred that the goods were put on board the Alligator with ntent to export them; which is the offence contemplated by the act.

LIA.if4 TuE U. S;

6. The libel does not allege that the seizure was
made within the district of the seizing officer; nor upon the water. It does not appear to be a case of admiralty jurisdiction..

The Attorney-General, on the-next day, abandoned the causes as untenable.

Sentence reversed, and restitution ordered.

THE SCHOONER RACHEL -. THE UNITED STATES.

'THISL was an appeal from the sentence of the dis- Nosentenoe of. trict court of the United States for the district of c°ndemnitioa
can be affit, ed
'Orleans, which condemned the schooner' Rachel for if the law unhaving traded with certain prohibited ports of St. Do- dfoerrfewithuirceh tahce-

mingo, contrary to the act of congress.

crued 4as ex-

piredalthbugh

The sentence of condemnation was passed, and the taion coannddemsnalae-

vessel sold, and the proceeds paid over to tle United had taken place, States, while the act was in force. The aerbad.since anenadr htaheilbee,n-

expired.. It was a case within the principle decided pid over to

af last term,

in the case of

Teaton

and Towng

v.

The the
States

United before

United States,

but

it having

been

made;, a

question the expiratioe
f

whether the sale and payment over of th money did nThis thcteourtl,awin..

not prevent the, operation of that principl,e, and there reversing the

being also a question. of jurisdiction, the cause stood sentence, will

over to this term for consideration.

nmootneoyrdetro

the
be

repahW, but

The general question of jurisdiction of. that court will award res- eieion nf the.

having been settled at this term in the case of Serre property, as if

and Laraldev. Pitotandothers, and the fd'ct of thesale no sale haft

and payment over of the money being aEmitted,

Vl. Vf.

Tt

/

SUPREME COURT U. S.

RACHEL

MDartin and P B. Key, for the claimants, prayed

T-, U. S. the court to direct that the proceeds should be paid , over to the claimants.

But the court said that it was a matter to be left to the consideration of the court below. This co'ut
will only make a general order for restitution of the property condemed.

THE BRIGANTINE AMIABLE LUCY v. TH& UNITED STATES,

,'4eact ,,r01. ERROR to the district court of the United States, ress of the for the district of Orleans, to reverse the sentence of

Sth of Febru
., 180s, to. that. court which condemned the brigantine Lucy, for
revent, the importing a slave from the West Indies, contrary to

nportation of
DrWIn persons

I
the

act

of

congress

of

the 28th

of

February, 1803,

vol.

,to certain 6. p. 212. entitled " An act to prevent the importation

ates. iwhere, of certain persons into certaiiz states, where, by the

v the lawS

iercenf. their laws thereof, their admission is prohibitedi" by th-e first

lrIomhisibsiioend, *iiSs section of which it is enacted, that no master of a yes-

otn f)ree in Sel, "or any other person, shall import or bring, or tfe.Orlteearnrsit.ory ocaruostehetor pbeersoimn poofrtceodloourr,bnrooutgbheti;nganay nnaetigvreo,, amcutilzaettno.,,

or registered seaman of the United States, or seamep, natives of countries beyond the Cape of Good Hpe, into any port or place of tme United States, whzch port or place shall be sz!uated m any state which by law ha.yprohibried,or shallbrohibit,the admissionor zmporla.
tion of such negro," &c.

And by the second section it is enacted, ",that if any such negro or mulatto, or other perso of colour, .shall be landed from on board any ship or vessel, in
any of the ports or places aforesaid, or,on the coast of any state prohibdting the admission or importation as aforesaid, the said ship or vessel," &c. " shall be forfeited to the United States."

By the seventh section of the act of M-arch 26, 1804,

FEBRUARY, 1810.

237

the former proprietor to demand the money to which it was valued. The inquisition, then, is to be recorded
solely for preservation, and the'act of recording is a ministerial-act whith the law direct9 the clerk to per-
form, without submitting the paper to the judgment of the court. The law asks not the intervention of the court, and requires no. exercise ofjudicial functions.

CUsTIsZ V.
COMPANY.

The difference between this act and those, the execution of which is superintended by the court, is appa-
rent. In those cases, the instrument is to be brought into court, and acted upon by the court: in thi's it is to be delivered to the clerk at any time, and acted on by him without the intervention of the court.

This court is unanimously of opinion that the circuit court for the county of Alexandria could not legalfy entertain the motion for quashing the inquisition found in this case, nor legally prevent their clerk from recording
it. Their-judgment, therefore, is reversed, and the motion to be dismissed.

LODGE'S LESSEE -,..LEE.

EJECTMENT by Lodge against Lee, foi part of -Agant o'a,

an island in the Potomac river, called Eden, but now !sland 1y name

generally called Lee's island.

rverriirSupe -1nd. ,ang the cour-

The plaintiff's lessor had taken· up the land in the sceess aonfdthdeislitnaens-

Year 1804, as vacant, supposing that the defendant's thereof, which

claim must be bounded by the course and distance, al- oinre norwesfuornrneiv

lowing one degree of variation' for every 20 years since to exclude jart

the certificate of survey was made·un"der which the de- Owfillt'ifepassislanthde,

fendant claims.

hole island.

The defendant claimed under a patent from the lord proprietor of Maryland, dated in 1723, which granted to Thomas Lre "all that tract or upper island of land, called _Fden, lying a d being in Prince George

238

SuPREME COURT U. S.

1LoEnsScE.E's ,cAobuonvtey.,thebesgeicnonnindgfaaltls,a abnodunodpepdosmiteaptloe, anelaarrgteenrumn-iloens V.-
LEi. the Virgihia side called Blckory .run,and stibding upon' Sa point at the foot of the said island, and running thence north sixty degrees,west sixty perches," (&c. &c. giving the course'and distance of every line to. the beginning tree,) " containing and laid out for 320 acres of land, more or less."

The court below instructed the jury that the grant to Thomas-Lee passed the whole of the island called Eden,'and that the lessor of the plaintiff is not entitlctd .to recover. Verdict and judgment ifr plaintiff; which opinion and judgment were, by this court, 'without argument, affirmed.

FINLEY v,. LYNN.

A bond, exe. ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Coscuuaonecde ionf parut-i- lumbia, in a suit in chancery, brought by Finley against cles of agree- Lynn.
imnent, may, In
equity, be re The bill stated that on the 2Zth of February, 1804,
those articles. the plaintiff and defendant entered into articles of contA in eoemqpulaiitny- pa,. rtne*rshwipa, byo which thoe stnock-ntoo be fuhrnished by Tthe mayhaverelief plintiff was to consist of one half of the ship United even agaist States-and 5,000 dollars; and by the defendant, his
the admissions
hiis nbill. gold and silver manufactory, two lots in the city of 'Washington, all his sLock of merchandise, and the rents of two houses. That a part of the merchandise agreed to he furnished consisted of plate, jewelry, &c. purchased by the defendant of Messrs. Lemuel Wells & Co. to the amount, as was theii supposed, 'of2,300 dollars;, and, in consideration of its being brought into the joint stock, the plaintiff agreed to pay one half of the debt due to Wfells & Co. therefor.
That the business of the concern was c-onducted in two separate stores, viz. a hardware store r incipally

FEBRUARY, 1810.

81

In the.second case, it is ordered to be certified; that, LxviiwsroX
Wfthe jury should be of opinion that the Spanish pa- MA2. x. Co' pers, mentioned in this case, were material to the risk, and that it was not the regular usage of the trade insured to take such papers on board, the non-disclosure of die fact that they would be on board, v-ould vitiate the policy; but if. the jury should be of opinion that they.
were not material to the risk, or that it was the regular usage of the trade to take such papers on boar4; that they would not vitiate the policy.

HUDSQ.N AND SMITH -. GUESTIER.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Ma- The juriade

ryland; in an action of trover for coffee and logwood, French courts the cargo of,the brig Sea'Flower,which had been cap- iPs ntoot sceoirziufirueesd,

tured by the French, for trading to. the revolted ports to seizures

of the island of Hispanioka,contrary to the ordinances made - within

of Francei and carried into the Spanish port of

of

cop,

but condemned

by a.Frenchtribunal

at

Guadaloupe, A seizure, be-
yond the limits

and sold for the benefit of the captors, and purchased of the territo-

by the defendant Guestier. ..-

fnat jurisdic.. tion, for breach of a municipal

Upon the former trial of this case in the court be- regulation, it

low,

a statement

of

certain facts was

agreed to 6y

the

warranted by
-he lai of na-

counsel for the parties, and read in evidenO td the tions.

jury, who then found a verdict for the plaintiffs. One veWrshalenistihnerCe-a-

of the facts so admitted, and which, was then deemed v,ur ofthe dewholly immaterial by both parties, was, t0.-t the Sea- endan upon a

Flowerwas capturedwithin one league, of,the coast of tions, a new

the islandof Hispaniola. Upon this fact, which was the trialimurstbea

f is

dwarded

by tie

only fact which thi case dffered from tht of Rose V c urt below.

.Uirzely, (ante,vol. 4. p. 241.) the supreme court rever-

sed the first judgment of the court below, .(see ante,

",oj. 4. p. 293.) which had been for the plaintiffs, and

remanded the cause for further proceedings.

Upon the second trial in the court below; the verdict and judgment were for the defendant.

VoL V1.

Na

282

SUPREME COURT U'. S.

Humyv
GUESTIR,

The.plantiffs took d bill of expeptions to the opinion of the court, who directed the jury "that if they find from.the evidence produced, that the brig Sea Flower had traded with the insurgents at Port au Prince, in the island of St. Domingo, and had there 'purchased a cargo of.coffee and logwood, and, having cleared at the said port, and coming from the same, ins-captured by a FrenCh privateer, duly commissioned as such, within six leagues of the island of St. Heneague, a depend-
ency of St. Domingo, for a breach of said municipal re° gulations, that in such case the capture of the Sea Flower was legal, althoughsuch rapturewas mdde qt the distance of six leagues from) the said island of St. Domingo,
or St. Heneague, its dependency, and beyond "theterri. toriallimits or jurisdictionof said island,and that, the
said capture4 possession, subsequent condemnation and sale of the said Sea Flower, with her cargo, devested the sqid cargo out of the plaintiffs, and- the property
therein became vested in the purchaser."

Harper,for the plaintiffs in error,

The main question in this case is, whether the French
tribitnal at Guadaloupe had jurisdiction of a seizure, under the municipal law of St.-Domingo, of a -vessel seized more than two leagues distant from the coast.

This question was decided by this court in this cause when it was here before. In the case of Rose v. .Fimely,(ante, vol. 4. p. 241.) tils court decided; thai the French tribunal had not jurisdiction because the seizure was made more than two leagues distance from
the coast; and in this case, (ante, ,ol. 4. p. 293.) this court decided that the French t'ribunal had jufisdiction
because it appeared by the statement of facts that the
vessel was seized within one league from the coast. So also the cases of Palmer & Higgins v. Dutilli, and
.tlargousv. The Brig Ceres,'(ante,vol 4. p. 298. in note,) were remanded for further proceedings,-because it did not appear whether- the seizure6 in those cases
re made within two leagues of the coast.

P, B. KcYt and 1artin, contra. A nation has a

TEIRVARY, 18101

283

fight to use all the means necessary to enforce obedience to its municipal regulations and laws. It has a right to enforce its municipal laws of trade beyond its territorial jurisdiction. This right is exercised, both by Great Briain and America, to enforce their respectire revenue laws. The only limit to this right is the priticiple that you do not thereby invade the exclusive rights of other nations. The arretes relative to the trade of St. Dormingo, do not limit the jurisdiction of theie tribunals to seizures made within two leagues of the coast.

Avplso,
GUT.t

The French ordonnanceg, referted torin the sentence of condemnation, embrace four distinct descriptions of
vessels;

·-, Those found at anchor, &C!.

2. Those clearedfor ports. in possession of 'the re.' volters.

3, Those coming out of the interdlcted potts, witlior without a cargo; and,

.4. Vessels sailing iti the territoriMl extent of the island, found within two leagues of the coasto

The distance of two leagues expressed in*the ordonnance, is limited to the ast description, and'does noi apply to either ofthe threefirst, It is tantamgunrtto ti hoveringacts of Great Britain and the United States,' Neither the object nor the policy of the law would admit such a construction. If a vessel had een trading. with the blacks, she had only to wait for ' fair wind, slip out of port, and in half an hour be beyond the line of the jurisdiction.
March 1.

LIVINGSTON, J.' In this case, wfien here befotie, f dissented from the opinion'of the court, becauise I did not think that the condemnation of a Fretch court at
Guadaloupe, of a vessel and cargo lying in the port -of'

SUPREME COURT U; S.

DImor V.
GUuBTziR.

anothernation,had changed the property: but thsground, which was the only one taken by two of the judges in
this case, and by three, in that of Himely v. Rose, and was principally and almost solely relied on at bar, was overruled by a majority of the court, as will appear by examining those two cases, which were decided the same day. I am not, therefore, in determining this cause, as it now,comes up, at liberty to proceed upon it; and such must have been the opinioir of Judge Chase, on the trial of. it, who was one of the courS who had proceeded on that principle.

Considering it, then, as settled that the French tribu-
nal had jurisdiction of property seized under a municipal regulation, within the territorial jurisdiction of
the government of St. Domingo, it only remains for me to say whether it will make any difference if, as now appears to have been the case, the vessel were ta-
ken on the high seas, or more than two leagues from the coast. If the res can be proceeded. against when not in the*possession or under the gontrol of the court, I am not able to perceive how it can be material ;vhether the capture were made within or beyond the jurisdictional limits of France; or in the exercise of*a belligerent or municipal -right. By a seizure on the high seas, she interfered with ,the jurisdiction of no other nation, the authority of each b~ing there concurrent.
It would seem also that, if jurisdiction be at all permitted where the thing is elsewhere, the court exercising it must necessarily decide, and.that ultimately, or subject only to the review of a superior tribunal of 'its
own state, whether, in the part Jar case,.she had jurisdiction, if any objection be made to it.. And, although it be now stated, as a reason why we. should examine whether a jurisdiction was rightfully exercised ovdr
the Sea Flower, that she was captured more than two leagues at sea, wh6 can say that this very allegation, if it had been essential, may not have been urged before the French court, and the fact decided in the negativea
And, if so, why should not its dfecision'be as conDclusive on this as on any other point ? The judge must have'had a right to diopose of every question which
was mada on behalf of the owner of the property,

FEBRUARY, 1810.

285

whether it related to his own jurisdiction, or arose outi
of the law of nations, or out of the French decrees, or in any other way: and, even if the reasons of his judgment should nbt appear sitisfactory, ii 'would be no reason for a foreign court to review his proceedings,
or not to consider his sentence as conclusie on the
property.

in sot
GaT1z.,
-. ,...

Believing, theref6re, that this property was changed by its condemnation at Guadaloupe, the original owner can have no right to pursue it in the hands of any.vendee under that sentence, and the judgment below must, therefore, be affirmed.

The other judges (except the Chief justice) concur'red.

MARSHA -L, Ch. j"observed, that he had supposed'
that the forner opinion delivered in these'cases upon this point had been concurred in by four judges. But in this he was mistaken.

The. opinion was concurred in by one judge. He was still of opiniodi- that the construction then 'given was correct.

He understood the expression en sortant, in he ar.

rete, as con.ining the case of vessels coming out, to

vessels taken in the act:of coming out. If itincluded

vessels captured on the return voyage, -he should con.

.ur in the opinion now delivered.

"

However, the principle of that case (Rose v. Hime-

ly) ii now overruled.

Judlgment affirmed.*

To zv, J. stated that in the case of Roe v. flimelyt, at February term, 1808, lie eoncurrediin opinion with Judge Jhn oit.
DlarJperstated that one of the judges ef the court below had doubted whether, when a case is reversed .upon a bill of exceptions and rouand. ed, the edurt below-ought to grant a new trial.
MARSIAtr.L, Ch.J. "Ifit he upon a special verdict, or cse sreed, thte court above will proceed to give-judgment. 134t when a verdict - in favour of a plaintiff is reversed, on abill ofeceptions.to instructions given to the jury, there must br-2 new :tiq awarded 1y the court b. low.

FEBRUARY, 1810.

1.7.

Tim U. S. V
HALL
THE UNITED STATES v. HALL AND WORTH. ,

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of If a vessel
'be* driven by
Pennsylvania, in an action of debt upon an embargo stress of vea bond; datec Decermber 29, 1807, the condition of which ther to the was, to reland certain goods in some port-oftht..Uni.ted WanedsttheIncdairegso, States, " the dangers of the seas onk. excepted." The tsere detained vessel on board of which the goods were laden, cleared by the governout and sailed from Philadelphia,.or East Portland, in plc, this is the district of Maine, but, having encountered se.- such a casualty vre and tempestuous weatheri her crew disabled in a in the excengreat degree, she was obliged,in order to escape from tgiaenre of",o"f duthnethe danger of Nantucket Shoals, to change her course, g.e.. i the and to endeavour to:gim the port of Charlestom The conditiokof an weather and the winds, however, were so severe 2ind embargo bond. adverse that she could not make Charleston, nor any other port of the United States, ant .was obliged to bear away for the West Indies to obtain relief. She arrived at Porto Rico in distress., The governor 6rdered the cargo to be landed and sold, with which order the captain was obliged to comply, and did land and sell the same. She could not leave the island without considerable repairs, which were accordingly made.
The court below instructed the jury ihat these facts, if believed by them, were, upon the whole case, sufficient to bar the United States of their action. The verdict.and judgment were accoraingly fortbe defendants, and the United States sued out a wrii, of errot.
The bona was taken' in pursuance of the directions of the act of 22d of December, 1807, usually called the embargo act, (vol. 9. p: 7.) and befor any of the supplemental acts on qh~i subject were paqsed. -
The third sectiQn of the act of March 12, 1808, (Vol. 9. p. 71 ) provided that in eyery case vhere a bon(d had .been given under the ac of 22d of December, ,1807, conditioned to reland the goods, A&t. the parties

SUPREME COURT U. 6.

TH, U. S. should, within four months after the date of the same,

V. prQduce to the collector a certificate of the relanding,

HAL

&c. on failure whereof the bond should'be put in suit,

and judgment should be given against the-defendants, "unless proof shall be produced of such relandiing,

4;r of loss by s.ea, or other unavoidableaccident."

The seventh section of the act'of January 9;.1409, (vol. 9. p. 190.) usually called the enforcing act, prop
vides that in -all cases-where' under'the- act -of'22d of December, 1807, a bond has beerngiven .treland,&fd the partier shall, within two months afterethe date of the same, produce to the collettor,.a- certificate of the
relanding of the godsifrom the collector of the properpqrt'; on failure whereof the bond shall be -put in suit, and judgment 'shall be given against the dpfendantg,
"unless proof slhall be given of such relanding, dor of loss -of the vessel at 8ert. But neither capture, dis.
tress, or any other accident whatever, shall be pleaded or given in evidence in any such suit, unless such capture shall be expressly' proved to have been hostile-; and such distress or-accident occasioned'by no negli.-
gence or deviation, nor unless such vessel shall hfive
*been, from-the -commencement of the voyage, wholly navigated by a master, mate or mates, mariners and crew, all .of whom shall be citizens'of the Unite4 States, &c. &c.--

Rodney, Attorfiey-.General, and.yones, for the United States. In order to excuse the party he must show
that the goods have been actually lost by the dangers of, the seas. Ifthe vessel were irresistibly driven by a
tempcst to Porto Rico, yet the. goods arrived there in safety, and were not lost. The party had the full benefit of'them, and probably at a higher price than if he
had landed' thirm in the United States. If the law of the 12th of March affects the, case, yet it -must be a loss by sea, or X lqss by other unavoidable-accidert.

When the legislature particularly, except certain casts, no other exceptions can he presumed., No loss
ran be said to be by the dangers of thlseas, unless the sea be the proximate cause of.the loss. Greene

FEBRUARY, 181b.

173

xti~ al. v. .Einley, Beahe's N; P. 61. 212. 427,.R. 783.- Tva U. S.

Bunb. 37.

.
HALL.

The vested rights of parties may be varied by poste,-r
rior laws. The prohibition in the constitucion respecting ex pdstfacto laws, applies only to criminal cases.

Hopkinson, contra.
1. Thiswis a loss by the dangeis of the seas; and,
2; We are 'entitled to the benefit of the -act of 12th of March, 1808, by -hich unavbidable'accidentis an eCxcuse.

1. The first embargo law means such a kind of a loss as prevents the relanding of the goodi in- the United ,States. It does not mean where the lbss is occasioned by the immediate dingers of :the element, -butany loss. to.which vessels are exposed in consequence of the dangers of the seas.-
Thus capture by pirates is a loss by one- of the dangers of -the seas. The expression has -the sametnean'ing in -the act as it has in bills, of tadiog. : If this action had_ been.upon the bill of lading instead of the bond, such an accident would have been a sufficient excuse to the master for not delivering the goods, So in a policy of insurance.. Abbott, 155. zAmedr.it. 2 RoW..Abr. 248. j., 10. Marshall,418.1st edit. Abbott, 168.'" Carricksv. Cox. Binney's Rep. $up. Courtr-'ennsylrania' Aarshall,488. 2d edit.

Theyvess7el was by the weather foic'ed into Torto Rico. She could not, return-%without. repairs. -She could 4ot obtain repairs without leave of the-governor.
That leave could not be obtained but by obedience to hisorders. 'His orders prevented the relanding of the goods according to the condition of the bond.

The case cited from Peake only- snows tha The loss was within the description of loss by captUre trot that. it was not a loss by the dangers of the seas. The cast

1.74

SUPREME 'COURT U. &

THII X& S. from .unzifry as a.mere private trespass; co w V. that cited from 4 7. R. 783. It was not an act of the
HALL. ~government. The' insured ha& a private remedy
against the trespassers.

2. We have a right to the benefit of the act of 12th
of March, and are excused if prevented from relanding by any unavoidable.accident.

There is a difference, as to ex post facto laws, be-
tween those which mitigate, and those vhich increase, ,he penalty.

The act expressly refers to bonds taken under the
prior law. It does not mean loss by unavoidable accident, but preventionby such accident. "1he punctuation of the sentence, as printed in the statute book, favours this construction; but if it be doubtful, the court will lean against the penalty.

Bt~t the property was lost to the owner, within the meaning of the statute. He had no power over the
thing itself; he could not bring it away. 't is immaterial whether he obtained an equivalent, or not; the letter of the condition of the bond could only be satisfied by relanding the thing itself. A compliance with the condition was to him as impossible as if the goods had perished in the sea.

3. The act of January 9, 1809, cannot apply to this case so as to make that penal which before was justifiable.

MARSHALL, Ch. J. stopped the counsel, and observed that the court'would never consider the penal act as applying to previous facts, unless such construction be absolutely unavoidable.

.0/arch S.

MTARSHALL, Ch. J. delivcered the opinion of the court as follows:

This suit was instituted on a bond taken in pursu-

PEBRUARY, 1810.

175

mnce of the original embargo act, with a condition that the cargo of the schooner 'Mary, a ea.letter vessel should be relanded in the port, of East Portland, or some other port of the United States, "the dangers of
the seas.only excepted."

TxE U.. S H'.

Her cargo was not relanded within the United States, but was carried to Porto Rico and sold. The defendants allege that. they *ere driven by stress of weather into Porto Rico, where'the cargo was landed by order of the government; and they insist that the case is Within the exception contained in the condition of the bond. The circuit court instructed. the jttry that, if they believed the testimony, it was sufficient in law, to bar
the action. To this opinion the counsel for the Uni-
ted States excepted; and its propriety is now to be
considered.

The improbability of the allegations made by the defendants is no longer the subject of inquiry.. The jury have verified them, and the court must receive them as true. The testimony is, that the Mary was driven by tempestuous weather into a foreign port. That, while prosecuting her.voyage, she en' ountered weather which
so disabled both the crew and vessel,. and put her in such a situation that, to escape Nantucket Shoals, "she was obliged to change her-course,, and endeavour to gain a southern port." She changed her course and bore for Charleston. - But such: was the condition of th1 crew and of the vessel, and so'severe and so adverls were the winds, that she "could not make Charleston, nor
any otherport of the United. States, and was obliged to bear away for the West Indies, to-obtain relief.." .

The vessel, then, was driven into Porto Rico by the cause which forms the exception in the condition of the bond, and if the cargo had been lost at the mouth of the harbbur, instead of entering the port, all would admit that the penalty of the bond had hot been incurred. But it is contended that the dangers of the seai termi-
nated on entering, the port, and that no sufficient cause is shown for not bringing back the cargo to die United
States.

T4hL3 U S " .

SUi1'ME tOURT If S.
The 'e- estates that theg&Ve~ oof Porto Ricolisstr. ed,am-order that the: eargo shotld be landed and sold, ,*ithwhich order the captain wa-'bfigdto coniply."

As thii case ii stated, the Mary was- driven into Porto Rico, afid the sale'of her'cargo, while there,was. inevitable, The. dangers of the sea placed her ,in a situai" which. put.it -oditof. he power Qf the.owners to
reland her c rgo within the United 'States. The 6bligor-,. then; wera prevented~tby the.d-4ngers of the seas,.
from complying with the cofidition of the. bona ; for ai
effect,, which -proceeds inevitably,'and of absblute necessity fom a specified" cause, ,must be ,ascribed to that cause.

-"Ii it. the unanimous opinion of this cqurt that there is'do.'errbi in the prodeedings of !he circuit courtandOthat thejudgment be tiffirmedu

.CAMPBELL v. GORDON AND. WIFE,

A ce'tificate
by a tompe-
tent courtthat an alien hastaken the oatyh prescribed thc actrespet.ing naturaliza',
tion, raises a

THIS was an. apeal from a- decree of- the ciretit" court for Aie district of Virginia, dismissing the bill of the coni lainanto -
'The case was stated by WASHINGTox, Jg in deliver. iug the opinion of tlhis court, as. follows:.

thecourt

The. pbject of the kll was to rescind a contract

twoas tshaetis.fmieodraals made between the appellant and Robert Gordon, tfie

character , of appellee, for the sale of a tract of land by the latter to

the alien, and t4e former,'ttpor-thp ground of .a defect of title. T'e

of his attach- f

ment to the Rcts ku thecast, which are not disputed, appear to be

principles of- as -the constitu-

foll.o. ws.

The land which forms-the.. ubject of di.s- "

""oftheUni pute. belonged to James Currie, a cittien of Virginia,

ted'States, &-c. %whodied eised thaireof in fee, on the 1,3)& of April, Trheoathwhen IO I, intestate,'and without-issue. Jimue; Currie had ,le rinfets one broiher of thewhole blood, nfamed William, who,

4..itn~ - 'is rior to the 14th day. of October, in the year t795, was itialoatt"hethere s a suuibb ject of th'e-Kityitg of Great Britain, but who emi-

SUPREME COURT U S
FEBRUARY TERM, 181o.

SCOTT v.NEGRO BEN.

SCOTT
V.

'ERROR to the judgment of the circuit court for The right to

the district of Columbia, sitting at Washington, freedom, un-

o er the act

upon a petition for freedom filed, by Negro Ben,of Maryland

against Sabrett Scott, who claimed the petitioner as which prohi-

hiUsslave, his

sla've.bits

ng thoef brrig.1.1%ae

into.that sin~e, is nfotlacquii5!

The ground upon which the petitioner claimed his by the neglect

freedom was,that he had been imported into the state of the master of Maryland contrary to the act of assembly of that tsaoptir~otvaec.titoonth2e,r state, passed in the year, 1783, entitled, ""An act to the nalaL ofi.

prohibit the bringing of slaves into this state;" by cer, orcoltector of the tax,that
which it is enacted, "That it- shall not be lawful, such.a9urehad

after the passing this act, to import or bring into thitsh reesadrsedzn thtrheee state, by land or water, any negro, mulatto or other UrnitedStates,

slave, for sale, or tq reside within'this state, and aplrtohoofughbe surcehany person brought into this state as a slave con- qred by the

trary to this act, if a slave before, shall thereupon act, immediately cease to be a slave, and shall oe free, provwded.that this act shall not prohibit any person,
being a citizen of some one of the United States, coming into this state with a bonafide intention of settling therein, and who shall actually reside within this state for one year at least, to be computed from

Gco-rT
V.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

and next succeeding his coming into- the state, to import or bring in any slave or slaves which before

Sbelonged

to such person, and which slave or slaves

had been an inhabitant of some one of the Ubited

States, for the space of three whole years next pre-

ceding such importation ; and the residence of such

slave in some one of the United States, for three

years as aforesaidantecedent to his coming into this

state, shall be fully proved, to the satisfaction of the

naval officer, or collector of the tax, by 'the oath of the

owner, or some one oik more credible witness or wit-

nesses."

Upon the trial the defendant b4ow took two bills of exceptions.

The first was to the opinion of the court that it was incumbent on the defendant, (Scott,) in order to bring himself within the proviso contained in the first section of the act of 1783, to show'to the jury that it has been fully proved to the satisfaction of the naval
officer, or collector 6f the tax, by theoath of the owner, or some one or more' credible witness or witnesses that the petitioner was a resident of some one of the United States for three years antecedent to his coming into the state of Maryland; .and that it was not sufficient for the defendant t6 prove, on the trial, to the satisfaction of the jury, that the defendant, b~ing a citizen of some one of the United States, and cbming into the state of 'Maryland with a bona fide intention of settling therein, apd who actually resided within the said state for '6ne year at, least,
computed from and next succeeding his coming into 'the state, imported the 'etitioner, who then belonged to the defendant, and that the petitioner had been an 'inhabitant of' some one of the United States for the space of three- whole. years next pxeceding such importation

The 'second bill of exceptions was td-the refusal of the court to admit, as evidence, twO. certificates made during, the trial', the one by the collector- of
the customs and naval oficer of the UOied Statks,

FEBRUARY, 1810.-
for the district and port of Georgetown in the dis;. trict of Columbia, and the other by a olUector of taxes, appointed by the levy court for the county of Washington, in that district; the purport of which certificates was, that Scott had, on that day, (16th, June, 1807,) by his own oath, proved, to the saisfiction of each of those officers respectively, that Ben '" was a resident of the state of Virginia, one of the United States, three whole years next preceding the time when the said. mulatto Ben was brought into the state of Maryland-."
The cause was argued by C. Lee and 'Yones, for the plaintiff in error, and by Swann and F. S. Key, for the. defendant.

SCbTT n'.

February 7,

MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion -of the court as follows, viz.

In this case three opinions were given by the cir.cuit court, -to each of which the defendant in that court excepted. These opinions were, in substance,
. 1. That the master of a slave imported into the
stateof Maryland, while the act, passed in the'year 1 83, entitled, "'An act to prohibit the bringing slaves into this state,"' was in -force, could not be -admitted to prove the fact that such slave had resided three years, previous to nis importation into Mary- '. land, -in some one of the United States, unless he could show that this fact had been -proved to the satisfaction of the naval officer, or collector of. -thetax.

2. That a certificate made by the -naval officer and collector of the port of Georgetown, dated on the '16th day of June, in the year 1807, -certifying that this fact was proved to his satisfaction on. that-day,
did -not-satisfy the law.

3. That a, similar'certificate given by the collector

SCOTT
v.

6

SUPREME COURT U. S.

of the. ta" for the coufity ,of Washington did not satisfy the law.

'The correctness of these opinions is to be tested by comparing them with the act under which the plaintiff in the court below claimed his freedom.

The enacting clause of that law-prohibits the im-
portation of 6laves into the state of Maryland, and gives freedom to such as: shall be imported contrary
to that act. A proviso excepts trom the operation of the enacting clause those slaves which, having. resided. for three years within some one 'of the United States,, and being the property of .the importer, should be imported into.the state of Mary.. land by -a person intending to beccme a resident tfiereof, and who should actually re'side, thereih for the space of twelve months thereafter., The act then adds-and the residene of such slave in some one of the United States for three years as aforesaid,
antecedent to his coming into. this state, shall be fully proved to -the satisfaction of -the naval 'officer,
or collector of the 'tax, by the bath of 'the owner, or some one or more credible witness or witnesses.

By the plaintiff in error it is contended, that this
part of the law is directo --; that it prescribes a duty to the importer of a slave within the description of the proviso, but does not make his title to that slave dependent on the performance of this duty.

By the defendant it is 'contended, that this clause forms a part of the proviso, and that the fact of previou. residence within some one of the United States can be proved by no other testimony, if that -which is here prescribed be wanting.
The act, in its expression, is certainly ambiguous, and the oneconstruction or the other may be. admitted, without great violence to the words which are dmployed.

The great object of the proviso certainly was to

FEBRUARY, 1810.

7

permit persons, actually -migrating into the , te of SC.OT Maryland, to bring with them property of this de- BE. scription' which had, been within the United States a sufficient time to exclude the danger of its, being imported into America for the particular purpose. The great object of-the provision was, that'.the fact' itself should accord with. this intention. The manner in which that fact should be proved was a very subordinate consideration. ,Certainly the provisions of the law o.ught not to be's6 construed as to defcat its object, unleqs the language be such as absolutely to require this construction.
It would be a singular and a very extraordinary provision that a naval officek, or the collector of a tax, should be made 4ie sole'judge of the right of one individual to liberty, and of aniother to property. , It would be equally extraordinary that the oath of one of the parties, probably in the absence of the other, should be conclusive on such a question. It would be hot less strange that .the manner in which 'this quasijudge should execute his duty should not be prescribed, and that not even 'the attempt should'be made to preserve any evidence of his judgment.
These considerations appear to the court, to have great weight; and the language of the law ought to be very positive to deprive them of their influence.
Upon an attentive conside'ation of that language, the majority of the court is of opinion;that the property of the *e'asteris not lost 'by omitting to make the proof which was 'directed, before the naval officdr, or the collector of the tax, and that the fact on which his right really depends may be proved, notwithstanding this':omission.
The 'w6rds of this part of 'the 'sectiofi do not ,appdar to the court to ,be connected, either 'in their sense, or in their mode of expression, With the.proviso. It is a distinct and a substantive, regulation.. In legislation, the conjunction "and" is very often used when a provision is made in,no degree diepend-

SCOTT B,-.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
ent on that which precedes it; and, in this case, no terms are employed which indicate the intention of the legislature, prescribing this particular duty, to make the right to the property dependent on the performance of that duty.
It is, then, the opinion of the majority of he court, that-the fact of the residence of the plaintiff below within the United States was open for Txamination, even had his master omitted entirely to make the proof of that residence before the naval officer, oi colleetor gf the tax, and, consequently, that the circuit court erred in refusing to admit testimony respecting that fact.
The opinion of the court on this point renders a: decision on the other exceptions uinecessary.

FIELD AND OTHERS v. HOLLAND AND OTHERS.

[Lhoeditrtsep, ortapo-f ERROR to the circuit court for the district of

muintedbycon- Georgia, in a chncery suit, in which Field, Hunt, .. _taa psaiottiisn Taylor and Robeson, were complainants, and Hol-

quity, is not land, Melton, Tigner, Smith, Cox and Dougherty, n the nature were defendants.

)f an award

)y arbitratort,

ext ma; be set The decree of the court below dismissed, the bill

iside by the

iourt, although as to all the defendants.

mither fraud, :)oarrrntpitloanl, itory,

The bill stated that, on the 21st of July, '1787, M-i

llet, ooins.thce jah Wiliamsan obts ined from the state of Georgia iart of the fi- a grant of, 12,500 acres in Franklin county, in that litors, be pro- state. On the 9th of July; 1788, Williamson 4on-
fed.
Without ex- veycd to Sweepson, who, on.the 23d of July, 1792, ,resay revo- conveyed to Cox, Who, on the 3d of September, 1794,
Og an orde
freference to conveyed to Naylor, who, on the 18th of: December, Luihtors, the 1794, conveyed-to the cbmplainant Field, and one

238

SuPREME COURT U. S.

1LoEnsScE.E's ,cAobuonvtey.,thebesgeicnonnindgfaaltls,a abnodunodpepdosmiteaptloe, anelaarrgteenrumn-iloens V.-
LEi. the Virgihia side called Blckory .run,and stibding upon' Sa point at the foot of the said island, and running thence north sixty degrees,west sixty perches," (&c. &c. giving the course'and distance of every line to. the beginning tree,) " containing and laid out for 320 acres of land, more or less."

The court below instructed the jury that the grant to Thomas-Lee passed the whole of the island called Eden,'and that the lessor of the plaintiff is not entitlctd .to recover. Verdict and judgment ifr plaintiff; which opinion and judgment were, by this court, 'without argument, affirmed.

FINLEY v,. LYNN.

A bond, exe. ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Coscuuaonecde ionf parut-i- lumbia, in a suit in chancery, brought by Finley against cles of agree- Lynn.
imnent, may, In
equity, be re The bill stated that on the 2Zth of February, 1804,
those articles. the plaintiff and defendant entered into articles of contA in eoemqpulaiitny- pa,. rtne*rshwipa, byo which thoe stnock-ntoo be fuhrnished by Tthe mayhaverelief plintiff was to consist of one half of the ship United even agaist States-and 5,000 dollars; and by the defendant, his
the admissions
hiis nbill. gold and silver manufactory, two lots in the city of 'Washington, all his sLock of merchandise, and the rents of two houses. That a part of the merchandise agreed to he furnished consisted of plate, jewelry, &c. purchased by the defendant of Messrs. Lemuel Wells & Co. to the amount, as was theii supposed, 'of2,300 dollars;, and, in consideration of its being brought into the joint stock, the plaintiff agreed to pay one half of the debt due to Wfells & Co. therefor.
That the business of the concern was c-onducted in two separate stores, viz. a hardware store r incipally

FEBRUARY, 1.810b

2-39

-under the management of the plaintiff; and a-jewelry FNLX.r

store under the management of the defendant, contain' ing the stock of jewelry, &c. brought into thr joint conern by the defendant, and that which was purchased of Wells & Co. The business of the copartnership was carried on until the 1st of March, 1805, when a dissolution took .place. During that period goods were bought and carried into the jewelry store, and at the

LYNN,. ap-%d

time of the dissolution "the jewelry store was indebt-

ed to saidconcern?' in the sum of 2,825 dollars and 27

cents, besides which the concern had paid Wells & Go.

in part of their debt, the sum of 265 dollars and 56.

cents. That the dissolution was upon the following

terms, viz. that the defendant shouJd withdraw all the

property put into the joint stock by him; and should have the goods in the jewelry store, and al the debik

due to that store, -s a compensation and in lieu *of the

profits ariging upon the whole business. And the

plaintiff was to take, on his account the goods in the

hardware store, and tie goods which iwere ordered for

the spring; and was to indemnify the defendant from

all claims or demands upon the concern, or which

mi&ht arise from goods then ordered, and not at that

trie received; which articles of dissolution were under

ieal. That when the plaintiff signed the articles of

dissolution he did not intend to commit himself to the payment of the debt due to Wells &. Co. For al-

though, by the articles of copartnership, he had agreed

to pay half the debt, yet as the goods were given up to

the defendant upon the dissolution, he considered him-

self absolved from that obligation. And the plaintiff

contends that the defendant ought to have beeri satis.

fied when the plaintiff "returned to him the -whole

jewelry store, with the accession of nearly 3,000 dol.

lars worth of merchandise, and gave up .to him the-

profits of the saidstore, ,which he -believes to be equal

to 2,500 dollars more."

That upon the dissolution the plaintiff agreed to give the defendant s6curity for his performance of the terms of the dlssohjljon, and the defendant had a bond prepared, which was signed by the plaintiff and his sure.ties; that the plaintiff did not see the bond until he was called

W

SUPREME COURT U. S.

on to sign it, and that he is satisfied he never read it taking it for granted that it was a bbnd to compel him to priform what he was bound to perform by the terms of the dissolution; and that his sureties executed it under
the same circumstances and impression. That the defendant did not claim payment of the- debt due to Wells & Co. br.a yerar after the bond was exect~ted, although Wells & Co. before the dissolution had brought suit against the defendant therefor; that the defendant had rendered the. plaintiff some accounts in which that debt was not mentioned. That the defendant afterwards brought suit upon the plaintiff's bond, and.
gave notice that .he should claim the whole amount of the debt due to Wells & Co. That the plaintiff's counsel was of opinion that the bond was so worded as to bind the plaintiff to the payment of that -debt, where.
uporn the plaintiff confessed a judgment at law, saving his right to relief in equity. That.the bond was executed under a mistaken impression of its contents,
and that the defendant will take out execution upon the judgment at law, The bill-then prays an injunction to stay execution, until the matter in dispute can be heard and decided in equity, and the accounts between the
plaintiff and defendant examined and settled, and for
general relief.

The injunction was granted by one. of the judges out of -court,

In the articles of c9partnership, after stating what stock the plaintiff should bring into the joint concern, the debt to Wells &tCo. is mentioned in the following manner, viz.- " And on the part of Adam Lynn, his gold and silver manufactory, two lots in the city of Washington, all his stock of merchandise, (the said
0. P. Finley and Adam Lynn, jointly and severally, by th'ese presents, binding themselves, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, to pay to Lemuel Wells C6o. of New-York, two thousandthree hundred dollars, motley due to them on account of said merchandise,) the-rents of one house," &c.

The account against the jewelry store was an ac-

FEBRUARYf '18lO.

241

count opened in the books of the company, chargifig that store with goods purchased and put into it, for, sale on the joint account; and giving, it credit by cash and by goods sold to sundry persons; showing a balance of goods remaining in that store of 2,825 dollari and. 27 1-2 cents, over and above the goods which Were init at the commencement of the copartnership.

rifPtzg I'
LY-_
'-

The articles of dissolution were truly recited in the bill.

The condition of the bond of indemnity was as fobf lows: " Whereas the said 0. P. Finley an~d Adans
Lynn, late joint merchanis and copartners under the -firmof Finley & Lynn, -have by mutual consent dissol.e ved the said copartnership on the first day of the re, sent month, on which dissolution it. was, among otherthings, agreed between the said Oliver P. Finley and the said Adam Lynn, that the said. Oliver P. Finley should satisfyi and .pay all debts and contracts due fronr br entered into'by the said copartnership,%'or either of the said copartners, for or on account of, or for the benefit of the said copartnership,'including cdrtain debtsdue from the said Adam Lynn, for goods by him or, dered, which have been received by the said copart-.
nership; and also all debts which may arise from merchandise hereafter. shipped to the said concern in consequence of any orders heretofore made; now the
condition of the above obligation, is such, that if the said Oliver P. Finley shall well and .truly .satisfy and discharge all' the debts and contracts herein before described, so as to indemnifv and save harmless the said Adam Lynn from the payment of the same, and'fronx any suit or prosecution in law or, equity, for or on account of the said debts and contracts,. then this obligation to be void."

There was also raised in the books of the. concern an account against " m er ch an d is e, " the balance to the

debit of which was 4,028 dollars and 89 cents. And.

a statement of hardware imported on the joint account

before March, 1805, amountingto 7,653 dollars and- W

l. ,4

1l

FINLEV
V.
LYNN.

242

SLUREME COURT U. S.

cents. And of debts of--the concern paicl by FRnlej amounting to about 6,000 dollars.

The defendant's answer admits the original articles of copartnership and of dissolution, and the bond as referred to in the bill. It denies.that the plaintiff ad. vanced the 5,000 dollars in .cash; and avers that the profits of the ship United States never came to the use of the concern, but-'were rztairt&d by Rickets & Newton, to whom the plaintiff had transferred his halt of that ship. It avers that by the articles of copartnership,. each party was to bring into-the joint stock
S1i,000 dollars.. That the defendant brought in 2,429 dollars more than his prop)ortion, which was the reason of making- the debt to Wells & Co. a partnership
debt; after which thiere was still an excess of capital, amounting to 129"dollars furnished by the defendant, for which he had credit upon the first opening of the partnership books.

'The entry of stock on the 1st of March, 1804, was as. follows:

l . d.

Cash in England,

1,500 0 0

One half ship U. States, 1,800 0 0

Real estate,

1,290 0 , 0

Manufactory, Merchandise,

1,200 0 0

1,538 14 0

1.

7,328

Dtie from stock to L. Wells & Co. of N. Y. 690

To Adam Lynn,

38

s. d. 14 0. 0 0 14 0

It avers that the debt to Wells & Co. was, from.thid lieriod, always considered by both parties as a copartn~rship debt, and that it was by the advice of the, plaintiff .that the defendant suffered himself to be-sued for that debt.

It admits that some goods were brought from the hardware store to'thb jewelry sfbre, but avers goodsa
to a. large amount were also taken from the latter tq

FBBRT3ARY, 1810.

24.

the former store, of which no account was kept. FPhILR

It denies that the account exhibited by the plaintiff LYNN

against the jewelry store is cbrrect; and- avers that if a '.,,

.

true account had been. kept, the balance.,would -have been in favour of that store. It avers that it was" the

intention of the defendant, and 'he believes, of the

plaintiff also, in the articles of dissolution,' to 'nclude

the debt due to Wells & Coi under the description of "all claims and demands on. the concern." That itJ

eas adopted as a social debt by .the articles of copartnership, and was placed to the credit of Wells & Co.

on the books of the concern, anti a- partial payment

made out of the joint funds. That if this credit'had not been so given, the -defendant would have been a

creditor of the concern'to the amount of 2,429 dollars instead of 129. That the Rlaintiff had 'paid many of

the debts due from thejewelr. store which were situa-

ted exactly'like that of Wells & Co.

'The answer expressly avers that the plaintiff did 'read,examine, and, as the klefendant believes, perlectly -understandthe'bonti of indimnity before he executed it. That it was left with him some hours before he signed it. And it avers also, positively, ihat'the'plaintiff's sureties read it and made renarks 'to the defend-antin the presence of the plaintiff upon the manner in which it was drawn."

,It states that the defendant offered the plaintiff two propositions.as the basis of the dissolution. One was, that a dividend should be made of the debts, the profits, aid the stock; and if any difference should arise, on .settlebmeni, it should be submitted to thiree merchants. The 9ther was, that the defendant should have th merchandise in the jewelry store, and the debts due to that store, as a comprtsation in lieu of the profits of the whole business ; that the plaintiff should hold the merchandise in the hardware store, and the debts due to it, and the profits of the trade, and should pay all debts hrid contracts' as stated n. the bond ;. the latter of which propositions was accepted by the plaintiff.

RxtN17L. w Lya.

9A4

'UPREME COURT U. S.

The answer denies that the defendant received bact
the jewelry store with the accession of 3,000 dollars Sworth of merchandise, Qr that the profits were equal to
P,500 dollars. It avers that the defendant believe3 1hey did not exceed 1,250 dollars, and were less than those of the hardware store. That the profits of the ship United States were at least 4,000 dollars. These the defendant relinquished to obtain indemnity against the debts of the concern. That the plaintiff refused to tale an inventory at the time of dissolution, so that an accurate account cannot be taken. Th-.t the reason why he did not sooner claim from the plaintiff the
amount due to Wells & Co. was, that he was under an erroneous opinion thqt he could have no recourse to the plitintiff until he should first have paid and discharged that debt.

The answer denies any agreement between the plaintiff and defendant to acquit each other of their private debts.

The only testimony in the cause related to the pro. fitA of the ship United States; and the accoumts exhibited being true copies from the books.

The court bclow, conceiving that the whole equity of the bill was completely denied'by the answer, and not supported by the evidence in the cause, dissolved the injunction, and,--upon final hearing, dismissed the bill; whereupon the plaintiff brought his writ bf error,

Swann and 2ioungs, for the plaintiff in error, cor tended,

1. That Finley was not bound to pay the debt du to Wells & Co.; and,

.2, That Finley was entitled to the amount standing on the books of the concern to the dt-bit of the jewelry store, it being (as they contended) a dtbt due to the
hardwarestore, and that, by the true constiuction of the articles of dissolution, Finley was entitled to the &ebts due to that store.

FEBRUARY, 1810.

245

1. In support of the, first point it was said that by
the articles of dissolution- Finley was bound to indemnify Lynn from " clqims and demands upon the concern" only. Thb'.t the claim of Wells & Co. was
against Ljnn only for goods originally sold to him up-
on his sole credit, ind that although the goods-afterwards came to the use of the concern,..and although Finley and Lynn might agree between themselves to consider it as a joint dett, yet that would give Wclls
& Co. no claim upon the concern. That t':e bond was giveri merely to carry into effect the articles of dissolu-
tion, and will not in equity be extended beyond the expressions of those articles; The bond does not al-
ter the equitable obligations of the parties. i Fon. 106. 188. 192. 2 Atk. 203. 2 P.*Wms. 349. 1 P.
WiMs. 123.

VINLZY LYNN. %"oP,., t

2. Although the articles ofdis'solution do not expressly give Finley the debts due to the hardware store,
yet it is tb be implied from the principle of reciprocity
'which seems intended between the parties, and from the circumstance that he was bound to pay all the debts'
of the concern. 1 Fonb. 427. Although the accoupt makes the jewelry store debtor to Finley and Lynn,' yet it means Finley and Lynn's hardwtre store, because that store was carried on in the name of Finley & Lynn, the jewelry store in the name cf Lynn only.

Although the plaintiff has not in his bill cJaimed thig balance, yet that is no objection to his recovery. He has. prayed for general relief, and the court will give
him every thing which in equity he ought to have. 3
.Atk. 523.

Although the defendant denies that balance to be dlue, because he says goods, of which no account was taken, had been carried from the jewelry to the hardware store, yet he admits that'the goods charged in the
account were furnished and sent to the jewelry store, and his answer is no evidence that goods were cariied
from the jewelry to the hardware store. It is not an averment responsive'to the bill, and must be proved by other evidence than the defendant's answer.

246

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ZLs

One witness will authorize a decree against an an-

swer. 1 Ak; 19. And here was a witness who testi..

fled that both the parties admitted the entries in that

account to be correct.

E. foLee and Yones, contra..

The whole equity of -the bill consists in the allega.
tion .that the -bond does not agree with the articles of dissolution, and was' obtained by surprise. It contains no other ground of complaint. The answer completely denies this equity, and there is no proof to support

The bond is-warranted by the articles of dissolution and the articles of copartnership. The ground of surprise and mistake is denied absolutely bN the-an-* swver. It is a rule in equity that the ground of mis. take or surprise must be clearly proved before a court of equity will interfere. 1 Vezey, 317. In th case there is a total failure of proof altogether. Nothing can be clearer than -the liability of the plaintiff to pay the debt of Wells & Co. The articles of cOpartnro ship are express and pointed -to that effect. The articles of dlssolution taken inconnection with the articleof copartnership, are eqvally explicit, and the, bond is unequivocal.
With regard to the account raised against the jewel. ry store, it is no more than a memorandum of the amount 'of goods placed there for sale, The account is with the concern. The--plaintiff in his bill expressly states it to be so. I is;no more than if the company had. chosen to keep. a separate account of the profits arising from any particular article of merchandise. It is very common -for' merchants to open an account" against flour, or rum, or tobacco, or whie, or any other article in which they have large dealings, yet no ono ever thought that such an account ,created a debt. If this account against the jewelry store created 'a debt, it was Finley & Lynn's debt to Finley K&Lynn. The jeweliy store was Finley & Lynn's store. An account against the stoke was, therefore, an account

FEBRUARY, 1810.4

247

asainst Finley & Lynn. !It wai merely the right hand l made debtor to the left.

Besides, it was clearly the -intention of .-the. parties
that something should be given to Lynn in lieu of his share of the profits of the trade. If you give him
the gbods in the jewelrystore, and still make'him-debtor for the goods, you give him nothing. He might, as well have bought the goods elsewheie. The plaintiff in his bill makes a merit of having given up to the defendant the whole jewelry store, 'with the accession of nearly 3,006 dollars worth -ofmercha';dise, and- the whdle profits of that store to the amount of 2,500 dollars. This could "notpossibly have been the case if
the defendant was to be made debtor for those goods.' Although a person is not bound in equity by the ad. mission of a principre of law-, yet he is by the admission,of a fact; and here is a clear admission of a fact. as to the understanding and the intention of the parties atthe time of the dissolution.

March 7.

MARSITMLt, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the court as follows, viz.*

The plaintiff and defendant had been copartners in trade, and had cirried on their busingss'in two stores ; the one a jewelry store in the name of Lynn-, to be.con-
ducted exclusively by. him; the other a .hardware sfore in the name of Finley & Lynn, to, be under ihe joint management of the partners.

Previous to the .commencement of their parifiershiN Lynn bad contracted a debt to Lemuel Wells & Co. of New-York, for goods ordered for.-a jewelry store carried on by himself, which goo(as it was mutually agreed to- trapsfer to the new coacein, and the debt to Lemuel Wells.& Co. should become a debt
chargeable on thq social fund. '

In Feoruary, 1805, itwas agreed to dissolve the copartnership; and 'articles were entered into to take
'.T, dges ,T,,rsna i ak

248

SUPREME COURT U. S.

effect on, the first day of March. The terms- iwere, " that Adam Lynn shall . withdraw al the propertyput into the joint stock by him, and that he shall have
the goods in the jewelry store, and all the debts de to that'store, as a comp.ens;ition in lieu of tht profits arising from the whole business; and the said Finley agree's to take, on. his own account, the goods in the hardware store, and the goods which are ordered in the spring, and t6 indemnify the said Adam Lynn froma all laims or demands upon the said",concern, or which may arise for goods now orderel, and not yet arrived."

On the secon4 oE MTrch, a bond of indemnity wat, e'tecuted, the condition of which, after stating the dis-
solution, proceeds thus : " On' which dissolution it was, among other things, agreed- that the said Oliver
P. Finley ,should satisfy and pay al iebts and contracts due from,'or entered into by, the said copartner.
ship, or either of the said. copartnei's, for or on account of or for the benefit of the said copartnership, including certain debts due from the said Adam L%nn for goods. by him ordered, which haxre been received by the said copartnership, and also all debts whi.ch may arise from merchandise hereafter shipped to .the said bnuern, inconsequence of any orders heretofore made.

' Now the condition of the above obligatidn. issuch, that if the said Oliver P. Finley shall well and truly satisfy and' discharge all the, debts .,nd contracts herein before described. so as to indemnify and save harmless the 'said Adam Lynn from the payment
of the same, andcfrom aiy suit or prosecution in law or equity for or on account of the said debts and contracts, then this obligation to be void."

Some time previous to the dissolution, an action
had been brought by Lemuel Wells & Co. againstAdam Lynn for the 'recovery .of this'debt whiqh was then depending.

In December, 1806, Ada'ni Lynn, for the first tiane claimed, under the bond of indemnity, the amount of

F.EBRUARY,- 1810.

the debt to, Lemucl Wells & Co. and, payment
being refased, infticuted a suit on the bond.' Supposin'g that* no defence could be made at law, judgment was confessed, with a reservation of all equitable objctions to the payment.. A bill.was then filed suggesting that the bond was executed by mistake, add in the confidence that it was in exact conformity with the articles, and praying that it might be restrained by the articles. Several extrinsic circumsfances .are also de. tailed and:relied- upon as demonstrating that Lynn himself did not suopose, until.'so infoimed by counse4 that the bond comprehended this debt.

F&NL ? LN

An injunction was granted which, on the coming in of'the answer, was dissolved, and, on a final heafing& the bill was*dismissed.

The answer denies all thi allegations of the bill *hicfi go 'to the mistake under Which the bond was executed; insists- that it conforms to the true meanitig 'tf the articles and intent of the parties; and endeavours to explain those extrinsic circumstances on which the: plaintiff relied. -

That a bond, executed in pu'rsuanee ofPti1des, mPT be restrained by those articles, if the departure -froi them be clearly shown, is. not to be contrmerted. But in this caseJ.he majority of the court is of.bpinioa that n6 such departure ii manifested with suftient clearness to'"justify the "interposition of a'coirt of equity.

By the articles of copartnership, the de to Lemuel Wells' &Co. 'was assumed by the fin. of Finley & Lynn, ahd' was payable out of the psrtpers.hip fund. It is true that, at law, it did not constitae i defmand against'the partnership., but the court is vauch inclined to the opinion,-that, had Lynn become insplvent, a sUit in equity might have ben sustained, -on this claim, against Finley & Lynn..

If it might in equity, though not in law, be a" claim

Vol. VI.

i

FiNLay V L.

250

SUPREME COURT U. S.

or demand upon the concerq," there Aoes not appear
to be such a repugnancy between the bond and the articles as to induce the court to say that the bond,,
which, so far as is shown in this cause, was executed v'ithout imposition, and with a knowledge of its contents, binds the -obligois further than they intended to be bound. The extrinsic circtimstances relied on are certainly entitled to much consideration; hut they. are not thought sufficiendy decisive and unequivocal in their character to justify a court 6f equity in restraining legal rights acquired under a solemn cont-act.

Though this is the principal object of the bill, it may be understood to contdmplate something further.
It prays for a settlement of all accounts, and for general relief.

So far as the accounts between the parties are closed by' the. articles of dissolution, no reason ct.', be assigned for opening them. 2But if rights, growing out of thosev articles, require a settlement, 'the plaintiff is entitled
to ap account.

By a iuajority of the court it is conceived teat if
any profits had arisen on the jewelry store, independent of the goods oft hand and of the debts due to the store, the plaintiff is entitled to them.. It' is.not probable that
there are such profits ; but it is very possible that the re may be. Large sums.of money may have been received, and migot either be on hand'when the dissolution took place, or have been diverted to various uses. If such be the fact, the majority of the court is of opinion that any fair construction 'of the articles gives
those profits to the plaintiff.. T'he contract is,. that. Adam Lynn shall have "'ihe goods in the jewelry
store, and all the debts due to that store, as a compen-, salion in lieu of the profits arising from the whole business."" N-ow the profits of the jewelry store, if
any, not existing in debts or goods, were certainly a part of the " profits of the 'whole business," and 'are, consequently; yielded to theplaintiff.

That this wa the deliberate intention of the defend-

PEBRUARN%-wIg.

251

a;nt, is avowed in his answer. A proposition 'for a dissolution was, he sa s, made by him in writin an accepted by'the plaintiff. That "proposition is, "1 that the defendant should have the merchandise in the jewelry store, ahd the debts due to that 'store,.as a compensation in lieu of the profits of the whole busyness; that the complainant should hold the merchant dise in the hardware store, and the debts due to it, and the pro/its ofthe trade."

Now the profits of thejewelry store are certainly a part of the "1profits of the trade."

The plaintiff also claims a debt said to be due-froiu the jewelry store to the hardware store.

As all the debts due to the hardware store are obviously assigned to Finley, this debt becomes his prboerty, unless his claim to' it is relinquished by th undertaking to pay'all debts due from the concern.

The words of this undertaking are to be lQoked for in the condition of his bond. He is to-" satisfy and pay all debts and contracts due -frcm, or entered into by, the said copaktuership, or either of the said 'cppartners, for or on account of or for the benefit of the, said copartnership."

The terms of this stipulation appear to- the court to be applicable to claims upon the copartnership, and not to claims of a part of the company on the other part. He is to satisfy and pay all debts and contracts
due from, or, entered into by, the said copartnership, not to release the claim of one store upon the other. This is. a "claim which did not exist upon the copartnership, and which groWs out of the articles of dissolution. Those articles assign'to the plaintiff all the pro. fits of the hardware store, as well as the debts due to it. They separate what was before united. They draw the distinction between the hardware and the jewelry store, and make the de6t dlue to the hardware store a part of the profits of thit store.

XHNL2-t
Li; . .

ViNVL. a1Y.r Lvai.

252

SUPREME COURT U. S.

The residue of the condition does not affect the

er

ctd

iqaestion, and need notrbC recited0

it is, then, the opinion of a majority of the court
that, if there was really a debt due from the jewelry store to the haidware store, Finley is entitled to that debt.

This is a prope" subject. for an account.

The plaintiff has probably not applied fdr this account in the court below, and it does not appeao to be
a princioal object of his bill. This court, thLrefore, doubited whether it would be most proper to affirm the -decree dismissing the bill with the addition that it should
be without prejudice to any future claim for profits, and for the debt due from one store to the other, or to 9pen the decree and direct the account. The latter
was deemed the more equitable course. The decree, tbtrefore, is-to be reversed, and the cause repand ed, with directions to take an account -between the two,stores, and an account -of the profits of the jewelry store, if the sam shall be required by the plaintiff.

TODD, J. concurred in the opinion of the court that the debt of Wells ES Co. was a debt to be paid by Finley, but he differed upon the other part of the case, being of opinion, that the complainant was 'not entitled.
to a relief which by his bill'he had made a merit of wvaiving..

Decree reversed, and thecause remanded, witb directions-to reinstate the injundtion, and take an account, &c.

DE BUTTS v. BACON AND OTHERS,

if agenf, ERROR to the circuit court for thq district of Co. ppee.rm, isshiaosn. ,ofylufmbia ina suit in chancery, brought by Samuel De

