FEBRUARY TERM 1812.

could not have recovered the double value; and m -an ac- -sft~r. tion therefor it-would have been necessary for tlhe United ,T. States to prove that the vessel could. not have been s.eiz- BRIG ed. This could not be proved while the vessel was ly- 3Etii;'

ing in a port of the United States, liable to seizure.

--

MIarch 5th. .i1thlejudges bezng present,

M.-A SAix, Ch. J. stated that it -as the opinion. of the Court that the vessel was liable to !eizur.e, but that a majority of the Court was of opinion that the offence was not complete until the arrival of the vessel in aforeign port, but the facts of the case-do not appear so as to enable the Court to decide that .pont,, the cause, is therefore continued for furthet proof.,

THE UNITED STATES
'V.
JONAH CROSBY.

sg
Feb. .q4th.

THIS case is fully stated in the following opinion ,f The titleto

this Court, which w~s delivered by

lnd can be

aequotfrefdlyand allelost

SToRY, Justice, on the 2th ,of Febriuary, all the me

judges being present.

presen y

place where.

A writ of intrusion was brought by the UniteI dIStatessui.ocrhuatlea.nd, ' against the Defendant in error to recover posesslon of an undivided part 6f certain land lyn&.withm -the district of Maine. Upon the trial of the cause in the district Court of that district, a special verdict was found by the jury, upon which the same Court gave judgment

in favor of the Defendantin error. This judgment was

afterwards 'affrmed in the Circuit Court of Mlassachusetts, and is now before the Supreme Court for a final

decision.

By the special verdict it appears that the claiin of the United States to the. land in controversy is under on#

.116

SUPREME COURT U. S.

V,,oA~ s Nathaniel Dowse, who derived his title, if any, from v. an instrument stated at large in the same verdict, and
yxcPtsny. executed in his favor by one John Nelson. The mstru=-- - ment is wit1ut a seat and was executed at the Island of
Grenada, in the West Indies, before a notary public, according to'the mode prescribed, by the existing laws, to pass real estate in that colony-and both-parties were, at that~time residents therein.

By the laws of Massachusetts, no estate of freehold in land can be conveyed unless by a deed or conveyance under the hand aig seal of the party-mand to perfect the title as against strangers, it is further requisite that the deed should be acknowledged before a proper magistrate, and recorded in the -registry of deeds for the county where the land lies.

The question presented for consideration, is whether the lex loci contractus or the lex loci rez sitm is to govern in the disposal of real estates.

'The Court entertain no doubt on the subject; and are clearly of opinion that the title to land can be acquired and lost only in the manner prescribed by the law of the place where such land is situate. The judgment of the Circuit Court must, therefore, be affirmed,

1M8i2.
Fcb. 24th.

THE SCHOONER-EXCHANGE
'o M'FADDON & OTHERS,

.Present....,llthejudges

A oubli-

THIS being a cause in which the sovereign right

foreign soe- caitmed by INAPOLEON, the regning emperor of the regnat

peace French, and the political relations between the United

ted State States and France, were involved, it was, -upon the sug-

cooumr pnogrtnst,oand gel stioneforf the Attorney General; ordered'to ahearing

demeaning in preference to other causes which stood before it on
herselfia a the docket.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TnE-
LAwD
v. fuor-oN & *OTHZRS.

It is therefore the opinion of this Court that the decree of the Circuit Court with respect to the second exception be xeversed, and that the cause be remanded to the Circuit Court, in order that an account may be taken pursuant to the written agreement of the partisa-reeably to the custom and manner of settling accounts
in London.

1812.
March 2d.

WELCH -o. MANDEVILLE,

Present....Ill the judges.

The refusal

ERROR to the Circuit Court for tihe district of

of the Court Columbia, sitting at Alexandria.

below to re-in-

state a cause vhich has

An action of covenant was brought in that Court, in

dimmid, , the name of James Welsh, the Plaintiff, but really for

o ground for the use and by the sole ordersi of Allen Prior, against

awritoferror. The normnal

Mandevillle

and

Janmeson,

upon

a contract for the sale

Plantiff nmy of land to them by Welch. At the second term after dbirsormugsshtaisnuiItns an office judg*1m,1ent had been entered against Welch at

name bv a the rules, the Defendant, Mandeville, who .alone had creditor who been taken, produced to the clerk a release under the hsagomnloentta: nofa- seal of Welch and an order from him to dismiss' the

the ause of the suit, whereupon the clerk made an entry on the minutes of the Court, that the action was dismissed by

agreement of the parties. Afterwards, at the same term, the attorney who brought tie suit in the name of Welch, moved the Court to re-instate it, and grounded his motion iupon his own affidavit and tli',papers mentioned therez in. The affidavit stated, that in the autumn of 1799, Prior, broughtto the attorney'3 bills of exchange, drawn by Welch upon Mandeville and Jameson, for 2500 dollars each, and an account in the handwriting qf Mandeville, acknowleding a balance due. to Welch on the sist of January, 1798, of 8707 dollars and 9 cents-to be paid in the times and manner therein stated. -Prior, at the same time, stated that Welch was indebted to lm and
titat he haa taken those bills in payment, which Ntanderille and 3ameson refused to accept, saying that Welch

FEBRUARY TERM k8i2.

bad deceived them in the sale of 'the landis. Prior left the papers with his attorney, and requested him to take the best measures to obtain the money from Mandet'ille and Jameson, wreupon he brought two suits in the county Court of Fairfax, in Virginia, the one was a suit at law in the name of Welch against M. and - . founded upon their acknowledgment of the balance of account.-The other was a chancery attachment, in the name of Prior against Welch, as an absent debtor, ani charging M. and J. as Garnishees.

WELOCr
IV.
MANDEVILLB.

Upon the trial of the suit at law, the Defendants produced the original contract respecting the sale of land, whereupon the attorney. for Welch suffered a non-suit. and having obtained an office copy of the contract brought the present suit thereon, for the use of Prior, in the name of Welch, but without his directions, which was known to Mandeville. There had been no decision in the chancery attachment. The attorney never had any communication with Welch upon the subject of this suit, but he had reason to believe that Welch knew of the suits in Fairfax county and did not interfere with them. The attorney corresponued solely with Prior on the subject of this suit, who had directed the application of the money when recovered. That the attorney did not know of the release and order to dismiss the zuit until after the entry was made on the minutes, and that the suit had been dismissed without his consent or that of Prior, who had, been at all the expense of the suit. That he had been informed that Welch was in the prison bounds, and that when Prior put.the papers into his hands, lie informed him that it was his only prospect of receiving payment of the debt, due to him by Welch.

Whereupon the Defendant, Mandeville, produced the affidavit of Welch, stating that lie drew the bills in favor of Prior, merely for him to get them accepted, and negotiate them for account of Welch and as his agent. That Prior never gave value for them, and instead of bem,the creditor of Welch, washis debtor, and that he,,(Welch) never made a transfer or assignment of the contract with Mandeville and Jameson to Prior or any

other person.

t

YOL,.VIL

SUPREME COURT U. S.

WELCH v.
MAnI vin.

The Defendant, Mandeville, also produced a paper purporting to be the answer of Welch, to the chancery attachment in Fairfax county, (but-vhich had not then been filed in the suit) which contained the subfstance of his affidavit-and also a letter written by Welch to Mandeville and Jameson, and sent by Prior at the time he presented the bills, corroborating the fact that Prior was only his agent in that business.

In this state of the case the Court below continued the motion to re-instate the cause until the next term, to give an opportunity to Prior to produce evidence of an assignment of the contract and of his right to bring suit upon it, at which term he produced ins own affidavit stating that Welch was indebted to him upwards of 1.4000 dollars, and that Welch gave him the 3 drafts on Mandeville and Jameson, for his (Prior's) own use and benefit, for and on account of a tract of land sold to Welch, and which Welch sold to another person. He produced also certain other documents tending to corroborate his affidavit.

But the Gzurt below refused to re-instate the cause and ordered it to be dismissed according to the agreementzf the parties, to which refusal .AUen Prortook a bill of exceptions which the Court signed.

Upon the opening of the case,

MA I SLHA, chief justice, enquired whether the question, whetier a refusal to re-instate a cause, be ground of error, had not been decided by tIus Court.

E. I. LrFE, for PlantS"m error---said that it had not been directly decided.

The clause of the act of Congress which gives this Court appellate jurisdiction of causes decided in the Circuit Court for the districto f Columbia, (Laws United States, Vol. 5. p. 270. §. 8.) differs from that clause of the general judiciary which gives this Court its appel.. late jurisdiction in other cases. The expression of the former clause is "any final judgment order or decree;" but the expression in the general law (Vol. :1. p. 62. §. 22. ) is "ftnaludgmentsand decrees." The word order must mean something differenk from a judgment or a decree. It seems peculiarly applicable to a final order

FEBRUARY TERM i8i2.

dismissing a suit. This peculiar phraseology was re- WELOCU

lied upon to give jurisdiction to this Court in the case 0.

of Custzss v. The GeorgetownTurnpike Compavy, (Cranch, MxANDk'

vol. 6. p. 233.)

VILL.

SwAixo contra-

This case, is within the principle of the cases already decided by this Court-such as the refusal of the Court below to grant a new trial, or to continue a cause. To re-instate a cause, after it has been once legally decided is a matter of mere discretion.

E. I. LEE, in reply. If the clerk had dismissed it at the rules, and the Plaintiff had applied to the Court at the next succeeding term to re-instate it and the Court had refused, it would not have been an exercise of discretion, but denial ofright. It would have been error in law. I. Strange, 235, Nevwel -. Pidgeon,

C. LEE, on the same side.

There is a difference between dismissing a cause without trial and refusing, a new ftial. It cannot be possible that the Court may dismiss every suit upon the docket and yet the injured parties have no remedy, which would be the case if the dismissing of a suit be -;qatter of discretion which this Court cannot control.

lharch .5th. All the Judges being present,

MAmsHALL, Ch. Justice. The majority of the Court is of opinion that the motion to re-instate the cause, was an application to 4e discretion of the Court, and its refusal is not a ground for a writ of error.
After the Court had delivered this opinion it became a question whether the writ of error should be dismissed, or the judgment affirmed.

After consideration of the case aiin,

On tho 7th of Jfarei

WzLCVH
V.
D.
viLn.

156

SUPREME COURT U. S

MARSHALL, Ch. .JIstice, stated it to be the opknion of the Court, that the judgment of the Court below should bp affirmed. The writ of error is to the judgment generally The refusal to re-instate the cause being no error in law, the Court can see no error in the principal judgment.

Judgment affirwed.

±sis. MARSTELLER AND OTHERS v. WPCLEA.

March 2d.

Present....all the judges.

Xavoiod tthee plea CColoumuEbiRa.ROR to the Circuit Court for the District of

of thL statute of ioy

Thi s

a action of trespass for nesne profits after

Jont tenants, a recovery in ejectment by the present Plaintiffs against

to sh essathe present Defendant, who pleaded the statute of limi-

all the Ph, tifs ere

tations, to wich the Plaintiffs replied, in substance,

der a disabiluitny- that Christiana, the wife of one of the Plaintiffs, and

to sue.

Elizabeth, the wife of another of the Plaintiffs, in whose rights they sue, "were femes covert when the cause -of action accrued, and have ever since continued " femes covert"V-,, and -that kitty Hunter," one of the "Plaintiffs 6- was a feme covert," and that the other Plaintiffs, in whose right the suit was brought, were infants at the time the cause of action accrued, and also at the commencemeiit of the action. To this replication there. was a general demurrer and joinder, on which the court below rendered judgment- for the Defendant.

U. SmiNuxs and R. I. TAYoRp for the Defendant in error, contended,
I. That tl,e replication was bad, because it did not show that an the Plaintiffs were entitled to sue, notwithstanding the statute of limitations. It did not state that Kitty Hunter continued a feme covert until less than five years next before the commencelet of tie

WzLCVH
V.
D.
viLn.

156

SUPREME COURT U. S

MARSHALL, Ch. .JIstice, stated it to be the opknion of the Court, that the judgment of the Court below should bp affirmed. The writ of error is to the judgment generally The refusal to re-instate the cause being no error in law, the Court can see no error in the principal judgment.

Judgment affirwed.

±sis. MARSTELLER AND OTHERS v. WPCLEA.

March 2d.

Present....all the judges.

Xavoiod tthee plea CColoumuEbiRa.ROR to the Circuit Court for the District of

of thL statute of ioy

Thi s

a action of trespass for nesne profits after

Jont tenants, a recovery in ejectment by the present Plaintiffs against

to sh essathe present Defendant, who pleaded the statute of limi-

all the Ph, tifs ere

tations, to wich the Plaintiffs replied, in substance,

der a disabiluitny- that Christiana, the wife of one of the Plaintiffs, and

to sue.

Elizabeth, the wife of another of the Plaintiffs, in whose rights they sue, "were femes covert when the cause -of action accrued, and have ever since continued " femes covert"V-,, and -that kitty Hunter," one of the "Plaintiffs 6- was a feme covert," and that the other Plaintiffs, in whose right the suit was brought, were infants at the time the cause of action accrued, and also at the commencemeiit of the action. To this replication there. was a general demurrer and joinder, on which the court below rendered judgment- for the Defendant.

U. SmiNuxs and R. I. TAYoRp for the Defendant in error, contended,
I. That tl,e replication was bad, because it did not show that an the Plaintiffs were entitled to sue, notwithstanding the statute of limitations. It did not state that Kitty Hunter continued a feme covert until less than five years next before the commencelet of tie

FBRUARY TtRV1 182.

suit. If her disability of coverture was removed.five mAnsa'YLyears before bringing the action, she was barred bythe xmRt&

statute, and the replication, being joint, if bad as to oTiEXRs

one, is bad as to all.

V.

M'CLEAN.

2. That upon a demurrer the court will give judgment----' against that party who commits the first fault in pleading. The declaration states all the material allegations under a - whereas"-a quod curn. It is all recital, which is fatal upon, a general demurrer, or upon a mo.
,tion in arrest of judgment.

The court& of Virginia follow the practice of the king's bench in England, where this exception has been .always held good. . Sir 621, .fmiyon v. Shore. 2 Hen. and .Mfun. 595-Hord.v. Dishman. 3 Hen. and.41in.134. ·Moore's Odmr v. Dauney-id 271, Lomax v. Ford. 4, Hen. and .Jelun. 277 Sym vo. Griffith.

F. I. Ln-z, contra.

The objectii~h to the declaration is only an objection to form. The statue of jeofails in Virginia does not justify the cases cited from the Court of Appeals. Upoa a demurrer to the replication the Defendant cannot take advantage of an error in the declaration.

As to the objection that the replication does not stato
that.Kitty Hunter continued a feme sole, it is sufficienr for us if we shoW that some of the Plaintiffs are not barred by the statute. Those who were under a disa-
bility are not to be prejudiced by the negligence of
those who were not disabled. Joint tenants cannot sue
severally, they must join. I Tidd. Prac. 7 1 Sanders 291. N7Vote 4, Cobel v. Vaughan, 2 W Bl. 1077 -If the plea i's bad as to some- of the Plaintiffs it is bad as to all. 2 Sand. 49, 50. i Sand. 28.

TAY.LoR, ,in reply.

The case of Perry v. Jackson, !. T. R. i6, was the first m which it was decided that the statute runs against all the .joint Plailitiff4 if any of them were free from disability. In that pase it was replied to the plea
of limitations, that one of the Plantiffs wap beyond seas. and the replicatioq was adjudged bad,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
WAISTEL- E. I. Lnn. The dedaration states that some of the LER & Plaintiffs are infants, the plea was no bar to those OTHERS Plaintiffs. In the case of rerryv. Jackson the Plainv. tiffs were partners in trade. It was a voluntary asso-
M'CEEAN. ciation-.but here the Plaintiffs are joined by act of law,
Mlarch i3th.....8Ul the judges being present,
STORY, J. delivered the opinion of the court as follows
The Plaintiffs in error brought an action of trespass quare clansum fregit-to which the Defendant in error pleaded the statute of limitations. The replication m substance states that, at the time when the cause of action accrued, Christiana, wife of one of the Plaintiffs, .and Elizabeth, wife of another of the Plaintiffs, ; were Stfeme coverts, and ever since have continued feme 4 coverts'"-and G; that Kilty Hunter," one of the Plaintiffs, 6"-was a feime covert;" and that the other Plaintiffs in whose right the suit was biought, at the time when the action accrued, and also at the commencement of the suit, were infants. To this replicition there is a general demurrer and joinder on which the court below gave judgment for the Defendant.
It is contended by the Defendant that this replication is. insufficient, inasmuch as it does not allege that Kitty Hunter continued a feme covert until within five years, the time prescribed by the statute of limitations for the pursuit of this remedy. And it is further contended, that, even if the replication be good, yet the Plaintiffs ought-not to recover, because the declaration charges the trespass by way of recital-"c for that wzhereas the Defendant with force and arms," &c., and not by positive and direct allegations as the law requires. On this last exception the court do not intend to give any opimon, but unless the point were fully settled by authority, they would feel little inclination to sustain an objection which would seem directed more to the form than the merits of the action.
The objection to the replication deserves more consideration. It is certainly a rule of pleading that a replication should of itsalf contain a full and complete answer to the bar,. and that a joint plea which is bad, affects with its consequences all the parties joMpng in it.

FEBRtARY TERM si. In the present case it may be true that Kitty Hunter 3I STLwas a feme covert'at the time when the action accrued, LER & and yet it may be equally true that five years have v. elapsed since the disalility was removed. It was there- MCCLEA . fore incumbent on the Plaintifs, not barely to shew a coverture, but, by a proper averment, to shew its continuance to a time within which it would have been a perfect avoidance of the bar. The objection then would have been fatal in a several action brought by Kitty Hunter.
But it is said that though the replication be bad as to one of the Plaintiffs, yet it can only bar her- that the infancy or coverture of the other Plaintiffs entitles them to a recovery in thns action for the injury done to them, and that, as parceners and tenants in common are compellable to join in actions of this nature, it would be hard to affect them with the disability of a co-tenant.
It seems, however, to be a settled rule that all the Plaintiffs in a 'iuit must be competent to sue, otherwise the action cannot be supported and the case of Perry o. Jackson, citedfrom 1, Term Reports, 5169 decides that a plea of the statute-of limitations, which is gdod as to one partner, bars them both in a joint action. When once the statute runs against one of two parties eiititled to a joint action, it operates as a bar to such joint action.
It is therefore the opinion of the Court that as this answer to the objection fails, the replication must be adjudged insufficient, and of course the bar must prevail.
Judgment affirmed.

WELCH -o. LINDO.

M2

March. W.

Present.....qll the -Audges.

ERRR to the Circifit Court'for the District Of The mere

Columbia, sitting at Alexandria.

pro sso- of 3

FEBRUA Y TER - 1812.

171

it iso,bjected that it was not paid at.te -requestof the. r~n. Defendant. If the Plaintiff was not blound :to pay it, v. and if it was paid without te request of the Defendant, Rwnnin. it is certain that the Plaintiff is.not entitled to recover . Butthe Court thinks that theatcital in the deed of as-. signment is evidence from winchthe jury mightinfitr a request,

The Court is also of opinion thit the recital in the, dee.d&is sufficient to take the case out of the statute of limitations. .Although the Court is not v illing to. extend the.effect of casual or accidental -pxpressions fartber than it has b'dn, to take a case out of that stattute, and although the Cnurt nght be of- opinion -that, the cases on that point have gone too farp yet this is not a casual or incautious expression. the deed admits the debt to be due on the Vth of July, 1801, alifive years bad not afterwards elapsed before the suit was brought.

Then it is objected that -there is no evidence of the payment of the. money'by'the PIaintiff, but the Court thinks- that the recital of the deed is evidence from which the jury might"infer the.payment.

There was no error respecting. the discharge, lner the insolvent act. It was only a discharge-,of the person, and could not affect the judgment.

Judgment affir'ntd.

DAVY'S EXECUTORS -c. FAW

1842. March Sd.

.THIScase seems to be sufficiently stated in the An awardill

following opniion. delivered by MAmsnAi, Ch. ;,on n6ot6bdme eaqeuittay-

theoth of. March....AII the Judges being present.

on ut of

an omission by

This 19 an appeal kfom a decree of the Circuit Court the arbitrators

fpr the county of Alexandria, sitting in Chancery, by part of th

Wbnch tha Court set aside an award made betwe.pn the atters sub

parties., and d4ected an account.

tat oarion

DAV'5S-

IvaSUPXEM iCOMIP V. S T 111ill impeaches th award, bawme,

V

1I. The arbiters exceeded their power

.... 2. They made no pphrd with respect to a pairt of hali Save i- the wttter submitted L6 -them.
jured the corn
plVean.t.the 3. They were partial, and proceeded- to make their
rie of Iad, award without hearing the party against whom it was
nd not th.
4uestion of ii- made.
ttieeds, isthseubsmoibt--
,mm and.a- Ihe arbitrati~n uond hinds the parties to submit to -rd need not the award, order a arbitrameht, of Franmis Peyton, be by deed. Thlieophilus Hairris and Thomas Herbert, or any two of
them, respecting a econtroversy og several accounts and contracts emsting between them.

A judgment at law has been, obtained for the amount of the aiard, for relief against which and against the award itself this suit was instituted,

By the Plaintiffs in error-it is contended, that excess of power in arbiters is a defence at law, and is there, fore i, te.xaminable in this Court.

That th&.injured party may avail himself of this defence in a Court of law,. where the excess of power is apparent on the face of the award, is not controverted. But,.in this case, it is not shown by the award itself, and the Defendant insists that he was not at liberty in a Court of law, to avail himself of evidence dehors the award; and in support of-this opinion the case of Wills v Maccarmiuk,2 Wilson, 149, has been much relied upon. Without deciding that question, the Court will proceed to inquire whether the Defendant in error hai succeeded in proving that, in this case, the. arbiters have, in fact, e:ceeded theirp ower.

It appears that Abrahan Faw sold to David Davy a lot of ground, the purchase money for which was payable in four years, in four equal annual payments. Davy conveyed to Faw, abott the shme time, a lot which hehad purchased from Elisha C. Dick, and which he held on the condition of making certain improvements. Davy becoming insolvent, it was agreed that his con-

FEBRUYAWTtibi 1842.

travt witlh Pt~v should be panulle, that-the bonds he had given Faw for the purchase of the-lot should-be, re-
turned to him, andithat .heshould swrender the bond for a title which Faw Itad execut. It had-been tipulted that; in the'event of his- iiing -to .pay theI urchase money, anj of the contradC' beirg avoided, the
money actually paid by Davy to Faw should be considered as'rent so far as rent was ,allowed. There hkd been some other dealings between'the parties, and there had beere a siail piece of ground rented to Davy,-ou which he had put'some inconsiderable irggrovements.

IDAvV'Z
Exxts.
IV. P'i.

In this state of things they agreed to submit thei, affairs to arbitration, and the bond was 'bxecuted which has been stated. Th. arbiters awarded thAt Faw should pay Davy. 314114:1, and iti s proved .tfatA i making
up the accounit between the parties, they defited-Faw with 130& for the leit which had been conveyed to him by Davy. Faw contends that this Was not -a.cntract - bu. sisting between the partiesi and consequently is-not-mcluded within the terms of'the submissioun.

Faw Oleges in his bill that tins, whible' tramnaction was closed that te lot conveyed to~hun by-Davy formed no.part of the consideratfon given fobthe,lLt he had sold, but was conveyed to him, because -ivy considered th'e rent reserved-on that lot and the 4ditions of improvement) which -were inserted -in the .4eed, as equfvalent'to its full value. -These allegations are demed'iq the answer; and-the Defendant .avers that'the price of. the lot purchased by him.was I 500, that he .onveyed'the.lo he had purchased from Dick at 100o, and gave hIs bQnds for 1400, -the residue. of th'e purchase money; that, when this contract was- annulled, he became entitled to his lot.-or to its value, and that .this was one of the subjects submitted to the referees.
In. addition to this testimony furnished by the answer, the Defendant has produced the testimony of a witness who was present when the arbitration was l greed upon and the bond executed. He says that the ot purchased by the D'efendant from the Plaintif, and that which had been conveyed by the Defendant to the, Plaintiff as well as other accounts between the pyties formed the subjects of conversatiol,

SUPREAM1WURT "U. S.

DAVY'S
~i'lns,
-e.,
fAw.

Francis Peyton,'one of the arbiters, dectieothat he considered all the tiansactions. between Faw and.Davy
as submitted to them; that Faw himself laid before them the bond he hadgiven to Davy for a conveyance of the lot he haAsold, and that he -always understood
from-Mr. Faw during the arbitration that he was will-
ih to pav .1 00 forthe lot cptiveyed to him by Davy. Peyton adds that the mode adopted by the arbiters -for
arranging that part of the subject, was understood by them to be the one which was most agreeable to Mr. Faw.

The Court is of opinion that the Plaintiff .n the Court below has failed,in showing that the arbiters have exceeded their powers.

2. A Second objection to this award is, that the arbiters have not settled the accounts between the parties for flour stored by Faw for Davy, wiuch accounts were clearly withinthe submission.

The Defendant has not shown that he ia injured by this omission, and it is, therefore, unnecessary to decide whetheP, had he been injured, a Court of equity could or could n9t have.affordedrelief.

3. A third ground, on -whichi the application for relief is placed, is the partiality and improper condirct of
the arbiters.

That judges chosen by the parties themselves as well as those-who ar6 constituted by law, ought to be exempt from all imputation of partiality or corruption,
that their conduct ought to be .fair, and their proceed-
iqgs regular, so as to give the parties an opportunity to be heard, and themselves the means of understanding
the subjects they are'to decide, are propositions, not to be controverted. Bht corrupt motives are not lightly to be ascribed to the arbiter, nor is partiality to be attributed to him on. account of difference of oljimon with respect to the decision he has made.

The charge- made in this case, that the parties were
not gufficiently heard, is not supported, and is contra,dicted by ,the testimony in,the 'cause. The general

FEBRUARY'VERM i81Z

Vs-

.chargd6f Tiartiality is also contradicted and is expressly denied by'the arbiters, who have been made .Defendants, and,by the deposition of Francis 3eyton who did
r'ot sign the award.

iavy's Px'Rs.
V..
rAW.

Oome particular facts have been proved, by whic-h this charge, it issupposed by the counsel for -the De-
fendant in error, may be supported.

M,Kinsey Tallibt deposes thati after the arbiters bad separated, Thomas Herbert, who -was one of them, 8ai( thai David Davy ought to buy his NiA.Fs - meat forhim -Without making-any charge on accoiint of the partictilar service he had rendered him in the said arbitra-
tion.

That such language is utbecoming in a judge will not be dtmed, and if the circumstances leading to these expressions, and the' manner in which they were uttered, had-been statedin the- record, and there had been
reason to believe that the words were spoken seriously, they would have furnished objections to the award ndt easily to be removed. But "nothing is stated whicl
could give these expressions a serious aspect. They appear not to have been delivered confidentiJh -tnd as it is difficult to conceive that a- man, who- colff be
chosen as an arbitee, would thus wantonly aid puneessarily expose the depravity of his own condut, the Court must consider these words as spoken an sport, with indiscreet levity, but not-as seriously indicative- of of an opinion that he had made an unjust award.

The same witness, m. another deposition, states that he was presentat a meeting of the-arbiters, and heard
Thomas Herbert say that they had the hands of Abraham Faw so fast tied that'he could not, for his life, get them loose..

It is impossible to consider these expressions in an
arbiter without some disapprobation. But wht led- to the employment of them.-does not appear; nor is -the
Court informed of the temper in which they were employed. It is worthy of remark that Thomas-Her.ert does'not appear to have had aw opportunity of ro~s examuung this witness, and that thig deposition- was

zuv ?a
)S'XIts.
V.
Fw.

!W SUPRE COURT U.'S. taken before the arbiters were made partfdtto the
cause.
There is, some testimony xebpecting some altercations~or jealousies between Faw and some of the arbiters at a corporation election, but they were too trivial 'to be worthy- of notice, and as they occurred about the time of the submission, and before the arbiters proceeded on the lusiness, it is supposed that they would have induced Faw, had he thought them of any importance, to make some effort to prevent an award.

Upon a view of the whole case, the Court is of opinion that the Plaintiff in the Court below has not show4 sufficient matter'to set aside the judgment at law, and doth therefore direct that the decree of the Circuit Court be reversed and annuled.

March 13th--After the decisioi of the cause, C. Lee for the Defendant m error, cited KyJd on AIwards, to ,show that where the dispute is about land the submission iad award must be by deed.

fAiii

, Ch. J.-That is where the title isin ques-

tion. Qut here the title was conveyed-the dispute'was

onlyAsto-the prce. The question of title was not sub-

miteth

LivnsvoGoT, .- Although that point was. not made. in .the argument, yet it was considered by the Court.

1812 March 4th.

HUGHES .'MOORE.
_"____
Present...,All thejudges..

A r

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of

iaybetfre Columbia, sittilg in Alexandria.

verdict, dis-

continue a

nonunihts This was a special action of assumpsit, brought by

decaration, Moore aainst Hughes. The deelaration, after several

and wave the

issuesjomed 'amendments, contained four counts.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
WILSON jurisdiction of a Court of equity, yet it is not valid in a . case like the present which is really a case at law as
X00NTZo between the present parties.
The Court is of opnion that the plea is a goo& bar, and that the decree should be affirmed.

1812. March 6th.

RIDDE v. MOSS. Present.....ll1 the Judges.

The principal ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of obligor in a Columbia.
bond is not a competent
eites for the This was an action of debt on a joint bond given by ,ascutrieotny,uipnonan John Welch as principal obligor and the Defendant

the bond; the . foss as his surety The suit abated as to Welch by the

principal be. return of the marshal, that he was no inhabitant of the

i tgtoliabdleistrict. The Defendant, Moss, pleaded specially cer.

the suret, for

1,Csecal

9

cots incase tain facts in avoidante of the bond as t9 him alone, up-

thejydgment on which issue was joined, and upon the, trial the De-

should be

,mmst hun. fendant, AIoss, offered, as a witness, the said John Welch

the principal obligor who was permitted by the Court

below to testify for the Defendant, and upon his cross

examination cunfessed that he had made over to Moss all his property as security to indemnify him against
the event of this suit.

The Plaintiff took a bill of exceptions, and the verdict and, jtIdgment being against him, brought his writ of error to this Court.

E. I. LrE and JoxEs, for the Plaintiffin error

Welch was clearly an interested wgitness. By reliev-ing Moss from this suit, he would relieve his property from the lien which Moss held upon it. If the Plain-
tiff recovered against Moss, the latter could immediately. recoyer judgment against Welch for the whole debt, together with the costs of this suit. Laws of Tirg. Beu.
Code. 292.-5. T. R. 5789 Buckland v. Tankard.-Bul.
-YVP' 283-p. Bur 2727.-3. Atk. 42.-Day. 81.

FEBRUARY TERM ii2.,

207

Welch is also interested to tie' amount of his legal fees for. attendance 9s a witness. It appears upon the record that he was regularly summoned and ig by law entitled to demand o4 Moss one dollar and a quarter per diem. If the Plaintiff should be defeated he will
retain this to his own use, but if the Plaintiff should recover judgment he will have to refunil it to Moss.

RIDDLE
V. -moss.

C. L.E, contra.

The Defence set up by Moss did not affect Welch's liability, upon the bond. He was bound at all events. H6 was not a party to. this suit. Neither the verdict nor judgment could affect him. He would be obligbd to pay either Riddle or Moss and it was immaterial to him
which of themshould recover against hun. If the Plaintiff shuld.be defeated by Moss, he would sue 'Welch and recoVer judgment -with costs-so that it was imma-
teiial to him whether he paid costs to one or the other. He thereforp stood indifferent as to interest. In chancery one Defendant is a good witness for another, and it would be as good a rule at law.

.C.ourts of law have, of late, inclined to refer all cases of doubtful interest, to the credibility, rather than to
thecomlpetency of the witness. The interest should be immediate and direct, in order to exclude the witness. 3. Esp..lRep. 60.

The statute of Virginia which gives to a surety, -a renedy against his principal does not alter the case. He had an equal remedy before.

In the case or Padwting-o. The United States, - Oraneh, 219, the point was made by a bill of exceptions to the refqsal of the district court of Kentucky to admit a coobligor as a witness, but was not decided; the judgmerit having been reserved upon other grounds.

Mfarch 1Oth....AU the Judzes"beingpresent.

14sAtWHI, Cih. J. delivered the opinion of the Court to the following effect.
The Court is of. opigion"that Welch, the co-obligor. was interested, and was therefore aii incompetent wit-

UDDLE 1o.
mIoss.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
!less. It was a consideration of some im'portauce that he had given Moss a deed of tru&t of his effects to indemiify him against this suit; but-the principal circumstance was, that Welch's liability would be increased, to the extent of the costs of this suit, if the jiidgment should be against' Moss.*

JTudgment reversed,

1812. M1arch 6th.

SHEEHY v. MANDEVILLE.

Present..... ll the Judges.

A note pava- E RROR to the Circuit Court for the districE ot ble at 60 days, Columbia sitting at Alexandria.
cannot be givens III evi-
deuce to sup- This cause hawng been sent back to the Circuit Court, port. a count by the mandate of this Court, at February term Iio,j-
upon a note,
which count commanding that Court to renderjudgment for the Plaindoes not state tiff on his first count and to award a writ of enquiry of when the note damages, upon executing that writ of enquiry the Plain-

The variance tiff produced the.following note.

is6fatal.

Upon exe1m-

ting writ of

,.tlexandru f th July, -80.

enquiry in

Virgina in an "cixtydays afler.date, I promise to pay to Mr. James

ofn..s.... Sjheelhy, or order, six hundred and four dollars and

a promisoty 6 ninety one cents, for value received, negotiable in the note, it is ne- " Bank of Alexandria.
cessary to pro-

duce, a note corresponding

R. B. JAMESON."

with that sta-
tceladtliantiotnh;e dbue-t The note was thus described in the declaratiorf, "iAnd it is not nees " whereas the Ad Defendants under thu name, firm and

sary to prove "style aforesaid, did on the said 17th of July, 1-861,
the note-
"The Finiun "make their certain note in writing called a promissory

ctyain:dneontcegivtheat

the variance

' The same point was also decided in the case of the Governor of

was the effect Virginia v. Evans and others, at this term; which 'was the case of a lVnd

ofmistake o with collateral condition, It was ajoint action; and all the Defendants were

nadiertence taken, but pleaded separately.

of the attorr,', and that

tAnte, Vol. 6, p. 25S.

FEBRUARY TERM. iSiS. fhavej hold, occupy, possess and enjoy the same and w it.E "ceachand every part thereof, '*ith their hereditanients v. - and- appurtenances against the said' Elisha Wallen, WlIMl 6"his heirs and assigns forever.' And it was further decreed that t6i Defendant, Wallen, should -pay to the Complainant the sum of 8 593 33 i-3, the value of the tract of 41,0 acres as found by the jury which had beea impannelled to ascertain its value,. and .that for fice purpose of coinpelling payment thereof -the Complainant sliould have execution, which was accordingly issued, and satisfied.
The Complainant afterwards obtained a writ of -hab. facws, grounded upon the affidavit of the marshmal that the Defendant refused to deliver possessipn to the Complainant according to the decree.
By virtue- of this writ the Complaiant was put into possession of the two tracts of 610 acres each, and the Defendant, Wallen, brought his )vit of error.
JoNns, for the- Plaiut it error, *Moved the Court to direct the Court below to- quash the writ of hb. faczas and to award a writ' of -restitution, upon the ground, as it is understood, that the Court below, as a Court of equity, could not award such a writ. He cited 5 Com.. Dig. Tit. Pleader 3 B. 20, and 9 Vin. ab. &78. (8 -vo. Ed..) Tit, Error,F pl. 3. There was ifo appearance for the Defendant in error.
The Court made the order agreeably to the motion.
FAIRFA_'S DEVISEE v. HUNTER'S LESSEE. 182.
Feb. 27i.
.Absent....M.u sI5u-L, ct. J. anid WASHINGTON, J. THIS was a writ of error,to the Court of appeals L04 F1r,
of Virginia in an ction of ejectment involving tile con- at the time

-SUPREME COURT U5 S.

VArMAxs strurtion of the treaties between CGeat Britain "'nd1t DiavisLB United States, the judgment:,pf the Court of appeals
T. being agaiist theright claimed tinder those treAties.

.HUNTER'S
LESSEE. 'The state of the facts, as settled by the case agreed,. was as follows

,is death, bad

the absolute I.The title of the Tatq lord Fairfax to all that entire
pl'op r~y, set-

zen and ,,s-territory and tract of laud, called the Northern Neck

session of 'lie of Virinia, the nature of his estate in the same as he

waste and un-

.

apuropinate, inherited it, and the purport of the several clarters and

lands in :Northern

thegrants from

the kings

Charles II and

James

II,

under

Nor,k t,Vii- which his ancestor held, are agreed -to be truly recited

gITVU

im an act of the' assembly of Virigma, passed in-the

yalien e-y-ari'de Rev. Code, v.ii ch. 3,p. 5] ,for the"

lands in Vk-confirming and better securing the titles to lands inthe ,ua by ee- Northern Neck, held, tinder tle right honorable Thmas

the sane untilolrd Fall'la, &q-

~Fe coomufafdm.on.

wealth of Vir- Fromn the recitals of the act. it appears that the first

ginia cod not letters patent (I Car. 2.) granting the land in question

,gant the ur to Ralpli lord -Hoptonand others,being surrendered in

lqapnrrdosrI'natetdhe order to have, the grant renewed with alterations, the

orthern earl
WNeek until its

of

St. Albans

and

others (partly

survivors of, and

title should partly purchasenxs under the first patentees) obtained

havebeenper- new letters patent (2d Car. 2,) for tho same land and

fseeestesdionb;y&ptohse- aIpurmIenances, and by the same description, but with

British treaty additional privileges and reservations, &c.

of 1794 conftionntheodsethelatintdles

The estate granted is described to be, -dll that entire

inth,d-evisee tract, territr,t or parcel of land, situate, 4-c. and bounded oflordFatrfa by, and.witl n the heads of the rvers Tappahannock, -c.

together with the rivers themiselves, andall the islands,4.c. and all "woods, uderwoods, timber, I'c. nines of gold.and silver, lead, tin, 4.tacn.d quarriesof stone and coat, 4-c. to have, hold, and esigoy the said tract of land, 4-e. to the.sazj( [ .atentees]their heirs,and assign§-forever, to their onli ,use and behoof, and to no -other use, intent or irpose
,whatsoever "

There is reserved to the crown, the annual rent of 61. 13s. Id. ,in lieu of all services and ilemands whatsoever ;" also one fifth part of all gold, and one tgnth part of all silver mines.

FEBRUARY TERM 18i3.
To the absolute title and seizin in fee, of the land FA:RFAx, and its appurtenances, and the beneficial use andenjoy- nvisE ment of the samep assured to the patentees, as tenants v. n capite, by the most direct and abundant terms of con- HUNTEVRS veyancing, there are superadded, certain collateral LESSE. powers of baronial dominion, reserving, however, to the governor, council and assembly of Virginia, the exclkisive authority in all the military concerns of the granted territory, and the power to impose taxes on the persons apid p'operty of its inhabitants for the pub"lic and common dkfetice of the colony, as well as 4 general jurisdiction over the patentees, their heirs and assigns, and all other inhabitants of the said territory
In the enumeration of privileges specifically granted to the .patv-ntees, their heirs and assigns, is, ",free-, ly and 'without molestation of the kang, to grve, grant, or by any 'ways or means, sell or alien all and sIngular, the granted premises, aut every part and parcel thereof, to any person,or persons being 'willing to contractfor or buy the samc."
There is also a condition to avoid the grant, as to so much of the granted premises as should not be possessed, inhabited or planted by the means or procurement of the patentees, their heirs or assigns, in the space~of 21 years.
The third and last of*the letters patent referred to, (1Jac. 2.) after reciting a sale and conveyance of the granted premises by the former patentees, to Thomas lord Culpeper. c'who was thereby become gole owner and propretorthereof pi fee simple," proceeds to confirm the same to lord Culpeper, an fee simple, and to release him from the said condition, df having the lands inhabited or planted as aforesaid.
The said act of assembly then rccites,'that Thomas 'lord Fairfax, heir at law of lord, Culpeper, had become ",sole proprietor of-the said territory, 'with the ajpurtenanwes, and the above recited letters patent."
By andther act, of assembly, passed in the year 1748, [Rev. Cod, 'v. I. ch. 4, p. 10] certain grants from the crown, made while the txach boundaries of the North-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TFAXnvA'S ern Neck were doubtful, for lands which proved to be DE-ViSnE within those boundaries, as then recently settled' and
v. determined, were, with the express consent of lord FairHUNTEWR'S fax, confirmed to the grantees, to be held, nevertheless

LESSEE.,

of hin, and all the rents, services, profits and emoluments, (reserved by such grants) to be paid and performed to him.

In another act of assembly, passed May, 1779, for establishing a land office, and ascertaining the terms .and manner of granting waste and unappropriated lands, there is the following clause, viz.. [vide Chy Rev, of 1783, ch. 13, s. 6, p. 98] " And that the proprietors of land within this commonwealth, may no longer be subject to any servile, feudal or precarious tenure, and to prevent the danger to a free statb from pei'petual revenue; Be'it enacted, fhat the royal mines, quit rents, and all other reservations and conditions in the patents or grants of land from the crown of Eng-
land, under the former government, shall be, and are hereby declared null and void, and that all lands, thereby respectively granted, shall be held in absolute and unconditional property, to all intents, and purposes whatsoever, in the same manner with the lands hereafter to be granted by the comnionwealth, by virtue of this act."

2 . As respects the actual exercise of his proprietary rights by lord Fairfax.

It is agreed that he did, in the year 174,8, open and conduct, at his. own expense, an office within the North-
ern Neck, for granting and conveying what lie described and called the -waste and ungranted lands there-
in, upon certain terms, and accordi.ig to certain rules by hm, established and published, that ie; did, from tine tautime, grant parcels of such lands in fee. (the deeds being registered at his. said office, in books kept for that purpose, by his own clerks and agents) that ac-cording to the uniform tenor of such grants, he did, styling himself proprietor of the Northern Neck, &c. in consideration of a certain composition to hun paid, and of certain annual rents therein reserved, grant, &c., with a clause of re-entry for non-payment of the rent, &c., that lie also demisedp for lives and terms of years,

FEBRUARY TERM i83
parcel of the same description of lands, also resbrving,,iRFAVx's annual rents, that h. kept his saia office open for the DEVISEE purposes aforesaid, from the year 174,8, till his death in Iv. December, 1781, dUring the whole of which period, HuNTER'S and before, he exercised the right of granting, in fee, LEssEE. and demising or lives and terms of years as aforesaid, and received and enjoyed the rents annually, as they accrued, as well under the grants in fee, as under the leases for lives and years. It is also agreed. that lord Fairfax died seized of lands in the Northern Neck, equal to about 300,000 acres, which had been granted by him in fee, to one T. B. Martin upon the same tbrms and conditions, and in the same form, as the other grants in fee before de'scribed, which lands were, soon after being so granted, reconveyed to lord Fairfax in fee.
3d. Lord Fairfax being a citizen and inhabitant of Virginia, died in-the month of December, 1781, and- by his last will and testament, duly made and published, devised the whole of Ins lands, &c. called or known by the name of the Northern Neck of Virginia, in fee to DennyaFmrfax, (the original Defendant in ejectment) by the name and description of the reverend Denny Martin, &c. upon condition of his taking the name and arms of Fairfax, &c. and it is admitted that he fully complied-mith the conditions of the devise.
sth. It is agreed that Denny Fairfax, -the devisee, was a native born Britith subject, and never became a citizen of the United States, nor any one of them, blt always resided in England, as well dnrifig the revolu-
tionary war, as from his birth about the year 1750, to
his death, which happened some time between the years 796 and 1803, as appears from the record of the proceedings in the Court of Appeals.
It is also dmitted that lord Fairfax left, ht his dpath, a nephew named Thomas Bryan Martin, who was always a:-citizen 'of Virginia., being the younger brother of the said devise, and the second-son of a sister of the said lord Fairfax, which sister was still living, and had always been a British subject.
5th. The land Aemanded by this ejectment, being

SUPREME COURT V. S.

'FAIRrAx's DEvisEE
v.
HUNTER'S
wEs8=..

agreed to be part and parcel -of the said territory and tract of land, called the Northern Neck, aijd to. be a
part of that description of lands, within the Northerit Neck, called and described by lord Fairfax, as 1-waste and ungranted;" and being also agreed never to have been escheated and seized into the hands of the commonwealth of Virginia, pursuant to certain acts of assezubly concerning escleators, and never to have been the subject of any inquest of office, was contained and
included in a certain patent. bearingdate the 30th April,
1789, under the hand of the then governor, and the seal of the commonwealth of Virginia, purporting that the land In question, is granted by the said commonwealth
unto David fiunter [the 1t ssor of the Plaintiff in eject-
ment] and his 'heirs forever, by virtue and in consideration of a land office treasurv warrant, issued the 23d -January, 1788. The said lessor of the Plautiff in ejectment is, and alwayvs has been a citizen of Virginia, and in pursuance -of his said patent etered into the land in question, and was thereof possrssed, prior to -the institution of the said action of ejectm~ent.

6th. The definitive treaty of peace concluded in the year 1783, between the United States of America and Great Britain, and also the several acts of the assembly of Virginia, concerning the premises, are referred to as making a part of the case agreed.

Treaties and acts of assembly referred to.

Provzsional articles of peace between Great Britan and the United States, conctuded 30th Xo'ovember, 1782, Art. 5 and 6.

JJefihitive treaty of peace between the same powers, concluded 3d September, 1783, ,Art.5 and 6.
Treaty of amity, cc. between the same powerg, condluded 19th. ,Xovember, i791, Art. 9.

",5.ft act respectingfiture confiscations." (Oct. 1783.)

"Whereas'it is stipulated, by the. sixth article of the treaty of peace between th Unit.d States and the king
of Great Britain, that there shall be no future cofifisca-

FEBRUARY TERM 1818-

609

tions made, Be it enacted, That no future confilcations xIraAX'g

shall be mad, any law to the c,,ntraty notwithstand- DEsvwsE

ing, providedi that this act shall not extend to any v.

suit, depending in any Court, wfnch was commenced RUNT U S

prior to the ratification of the treaty of peace."

LESSEE.

,,Jlu act declaring who Shall be deemed citizens of thLq commonwealth." [.May, 1779, ch. 55, repealed.]

cc du act for sequestering British property," cte, EOct. 1777, ch. 9. vzd. Chy. Rev. p. 64.1 All the property and estate whatsoever of British subjects 'is, by this act; sequestered into the hands of commissioners of sequestration, by them to be preserved, according to certain regulations, for the purpose of being restored or otherwise dealt with, according as the king of Great Britain should act towards the property of citizens of the commonwealth, in the like circumstances. The pre. amble declaring that inasmuch as the British sovereign was not yet known to have set the example of confiscation, c.the publicfaith and the law and usages f nations,'" required the lije forbcaiance on our part.

,.t-n act, concerinug escheats and ffofeitures froin

British subjeets," fIlay, 1779, ch. i4. via. Chy. Rev.

p. 98 ] After reciting the former act, and that it had

been found that the property, so sequestered, was liable

to be wasted, &c. and that from the advanced price at

which it would then sell, it would be most for the bene-

fit of the former owners, in the event of i s being there-

after restored, or of the public, if not so restored, that

the sale should take place immediately, &c. repeals .so

much of the former act, as wag supposed to have sus-

pended the operation of the laws of escheat and forfei-

ture, and then declares that all the pro .erty, real and

personal within the commonwealth, beloliging, at the

time of passtng the act, to any British Aubject, "shall be

deemed to be vested in the commonwealth, the lands,

slaves and other real estate by way of escheat, and the

personal estate by f.rfeiture." Tie proceedings on in-

quests of office, for the purpos.-s of eschieat under this

act, are prescribed. 'The duties of escheaitor are di-

rected to be performed. in the Northern Neck, by the

sheriffi of counties. Section 3 declares who shall he

deemed British subliicts within the meaning of the act.

VOL. VIT.

78

SUPREME COURT U. S.

FAriFAX'S nuvisnng
v. HUNTEu'S iLssEiE.

"first, All persons, subjects of his Britannic Majesty, who, on the 1.9th Apill, 1775, when hostilities coinmenced at Lexington, between the United States of America, and the other parts of the British empire, were resident or following their vocations in any part
of the world, other than the said United States, and have not since, either .entered into public employment of the said states, or joined the same, and by overt act adhered to them," &c. &c.

An act w amend the qforegoing, [Oct. 1779, ch. i8, Id. p. 110,] Directs the modes of proceeding in inquests of office, traverse of office and monstrans de droit, as well by British subjects as others.

6, ta act concernig escheators," .[Jlay, 1779, ch. 5, id. p. 106, Oct. 1785, ch. 63, p. 52. vzd. Rev. Code, v. I, p. 126,] Directs the appointment of an eseheator for every county, except the counties in the Northern Neck, his qualification, duties, &c. proceedings on inquests of office, traverse and montrauns te droit, &c. &c. prohibits the granting or any lands. seized into the hands of the commonwealth upon office found, till the lapse of twelve months after the return of the inquisition and verdict, into the office of the General Court. if no claim be made within that period, or being made, shall be found and discussed for the commonwealth, the clerk of the General Court is, within two months thereafter, to certify the fact to the proper eseheator, who is, thereupon, to proceed to sell.

w An act to extend the operation qf the fore.oing act, to the counties of the .Northern Xeck." [1785, ch. 53,
p. 37]

,,.a act to amend and reduce into one, the several acts for ascertataing certain taxes, establishing a permanent revenue," 4kc. [Oct. 178-2. ch. 8, sec. 24,-de Chij. TIev. p. 176,] Sequesters, in the hands of persons holoing lands in the Northern Neck. all quit rents then
diie, until the right of descent shall be more fully ascertain.d, and the general assembly shall makefinat promswn thereon, and all quit r-imts thereafter to become - due. shall he paid into the pubhlic treasury, under the operation of the laws of that session, for which quit

FEBRUARY TERM 131S.

cents, the inhabitants of the Northern Neck.shall be ex- FAIRFAX'S

onerated from the futime claim of the proprietor

DEVIS E.

" S act concerning suireyors." [Oct. 1782, ch. 33, HUNTER'S sec. 3-vide zd. p. 180.] Recites that the death of lord LEssE-E. Fairfax may occasion great inconvetoilce to those inclined to make entries fbr vacant lnds in the Northern Neck, provides that all entriev inade with the surveyors of the counties in the Ndrthern Neck, and returned. to the office formirly Wpt by lord Fairfax. shall be deemed as good and yalid in law, as those made under his direction, ntil some mode shall be taken up and adopted by ene general assembly, concerning the t'rritory ordle Northern Neck.
,Sit act for safe keeping the land-papersof the Alorthert .Neck," [October, 1785, ch. 63, p. 36,] Reciting that it was customary to keep the records, &c. of lands within the Northern Neck, in the office of the late prolwietor, and that it was necessary that the records on which the titles to lands depended, should be all kept in one office, provides for the removal of the same into the register's office, &c.

Also, provides for issuing grants for survevs, under entries made in the life or the proprietor, and unier entries made wili surveyors, pursuant to the act last above recited, declaring them to be cases till then un-
provided for

See. 5. Subje-ts the uuaprroprmatedlands, within the
district of the Northern Neck, to the same regulations,. and to be granted in the same manner, as is by law directed in cases ofotlier unappropriatedlands belonging to the commonwealth.

see. 6. Forever thereafter, exonerates land holders, within the said district, from composition and quit rents.
"cJ actjdechrzng who shall be deemed citizens of this
commonwealth," [M[ay, 1779, ch. 55. Repealed.]

"cAt act declaringtenants of lands orslaves tin tdille, to hold the same sn fee simple." [M ay, 1776, ch. 26, -vide Chy. Rev. p. 45.]

SUPREME COURT V. S.

TAIRTAX9S
DEVIsEE.
v. HUNTER'S
jESSEE.

4ai act to amend the foregoing, [October, 1783, ch. 27, vide 1l. p. 204,) Lands or slavsj wihich, by virtue of the fortner act, have, or shall become escheatable to the cominonweai li, for defect.of blood, shall descend, and be deemed tb h'ave descended, agreeable to the limitations o the dee. or will creating such estates Provided, this ac-t shall vQt extend to any lands or slaves
escheated and sold for thr mse of the commonwealth.

C. LrE and JoNE.s, on the paif of the Plaintiff in error, conteuae,

Ist. That lord Fairfax was, at his deatlip seized of an abstilute and unconditional estate of niheriinice in the w.hole of'that description of land, within the bouuniaries of his letters patent, designated by m as ", waste and ungs'anted ;" that is to say, in all the lands within thbse boundaries, except such as had been parcelled out into tenements, and granted in fee, by himself or his ancestors, or predecessors, or by his or their consent or authority , and tat he was in the actual seizin and possession of the soil, with the like title to the immediate per-ancy and fruition of the profits, and under the. like sanctions. as ordinary lrprp.(tors in fee, under grants derived from the crown prior to the revolution.
2d. That the estitte, by virtue of the will of lord Fairfax, vested in Denny Fairfax, the devisee. and has never been divested out of him. by office found and seizure, nor by any equivalent made of confiscationikatsoever, and that the treaty of peace found hni seized of the estate unaltered from the condition in which it was originally taken under the devise;

3d. That the treaty of peace prohibited the confiscation of the estate, whether by inquest of office, or by any other mode whatsoever, and so operated a release
and confirmati,:n to the British :proprietor, whose title was again explicitly acknowledged and confirmed by
the' treaty of 179-, wihi h completely removed every in.. capacity and disability that might possibly be supposed to remain-in him, as a landed proprietor.

4th. Thatthe natent, underwhihi thdDefendantin error claims the land-'in question, wan not authorized by any

FEBRUARY TERM i8I3.
pro-existing law of Virginia, but was in direct contra- rAIRFAx's vention of the treaty of peace, and of the statute of DEVI S . Virginia, enacted expressly in execution of the treaty, v. and strictly enjoining the observance of its stipulatibns HU!NTEUR'S with good faith and, therefore, thesaid patent conveys 1ESSEE. no title to the Defendant in error.
1. Upon the first point they'relied upon the'expregs words of the grant., from the crown to the original patentees, and the following cases 2, Wash. 113, Picket ,v. Dowdatl-zd. .10.Johnson v. Binffivgton-id. :25. Curry 'v. Burns-, Wash. 34, Birch v. ,Alexander-anl 2, Dall. 99, .XICurdy v. Potts.
2. The estate, bv the devise, vested in Denny Fairfax, who continued to hold the same till the treaty of peace. Although an alien-pnemy, lie could take and hold until office.found. The law is perfectlysettled that an alien can take by purchase, although lie cannot take by descent. In this respett there is no differ. en'e between an alien enemy and avalien friend. He took a fee simple subject to the right of the so-vereign to seize it. Co. Lit. 2, (b)-5, Co. 52, .Page's case-9.
Co. 141 (a)-2, Bl. Corn. 293, Powell on,apv. 316-2,
Vent. 270.
It is essential to the Plaintiffs title that the -state should have vested in Denny Fairfax, for if itdid not, it could not escheat to the commonwealth under .wloea the Plaintiff claims.
It is one of the principles of the common law, upon which the security of private property from the grasp of power depends, that the crown can take only by matter of record. 3, BL. Com. 259. Those authorities which -.ay an alien may take, but cannot holtd, clearly mean that he cannot hold agamnt the claim of the crown as-
serted in a legal manner-Co. Lit. 2, a 4-.b. An alien
may suffri- a common recovery-Goldsb.102.4, Leon, 82. Bro. tit. Denizen and .lien, 17 And it is expressly laid down that only the tenant of the freehold can suffer a common recovery-3, Bl. Coin. 356-7 But he could not be tenant of the fi'eehola unless the estate vested and remained in him-i, Bac. ab. 133. The case of an alien purchasing and being afterwards made a

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ATrZFAX's DEvISF.
Iv.
HRUNTER'S
LESSEE.

denizen is -very strong, for in. that case, although the lands be forfeitable they descend. This could not be it the estate did not remain in the alien from the time of his purchase till his becomin. a denizen. It is also laid down that if an alien and a subject purchase jointly, the estate will survive upon the death of the alien, un-
less office be found, consequently the estate remained in the alien until his death. It is expressly decided in
Page's case, 5, Co. 52, that until office found, nothing vests in the king. .N'ichol's case, 2, Plowden, 481, 486. 2' Vez. 539, Duplessts's case-4, Co. 58, Sadler's case.

In this case no office was found, nor any equivalent act done to vest the estate in the commonwealth before the treaty of peace, of 1783. The only act on the subject passed in 1782, ch. 33, sec. 3-ChaG.xery revrsal, 18M 'This manifests no intention to confiscate. On the contrary by making the entries for lands in the Northern Neck returnable to the former office of lord Fairrax, the legislature show a disposition not to molest his title.
The treaty of peace then found the freehold of the land in Denny Fairfax.
3. That treaty released the forfeiture and no subsequent act of the legislature could affect the title.
The 5th article engages that CDngress shall earnestly recommend the restoration of confiscated estates, and the 6th article stipulates that "cno further confiscation shall be made."

The term "'coifiscation" embraces every case of the money or estate of an individual, brought'into the trea-
sury in virtue of any forfeiture, and ii this sense it is generally used in treaties. Cowell Tit. confiscation, 1. WV BI. 183. 3, Dall.23 . 1, BI. Com. 299.

Lands acquired by an alien are, on that account, liabl' to forfeiture. 1, Bl. Com. 372-2, Bl. Com. 27,1. Escleat is one mode of confiscation. Confiscation la-i, f rYrgima, 1779. 2, B1. Com. 213, 9Aio, 252, 272, 293.
The 5th article of the treaty illustrates the 6th. Why should congress recommend the restoration of confi--

FEBRUARY TERM i813.
cated estates belonging to real British subjects, if they FA.IRFAx'S were to be immediately taken back upon the plea of D YISE alienage? If an estate had been thus restored to a Bri- ,. tish subject unden the 5th article, the 6th would have 11UWTER'S protected hun in the enjoyment of it, or the 5th would LESSLE. have been wholly nugatory There was no provision, in the treaty, to protect restored estates, but the prohibition of future confiscations contained in the 6th artitle. If in one case the term, coiftscatibu, in that article, meant confiscation by reason of that alienage which was the consequence of the part taken in the war, why not give it the same meanug in all cases of alienage arising from the same cause ? Denny Fairfax became an. alien by reason of the part he took i,the war. He chose to take part with Great Britain, and thereby became an alien, whereby .ns land became liable to confiscation according to the laws of Virginia. Whether the confiscation was to be mediately or immediately the consequence of the part taken in the war, was iminaterial. It would have been a ffidure confiscation by reason of the part taken by him in the war." A'ny ssequent act of confiscation therefore by the state of Virginia, would have been void as being contrary to the express stipulation of the treaty Tlwmas Parker's Rep. 267, 161, Co. Lit. 2, (b) Hargrave'snote s.
The treaty of 1791, is merely declaratory of the effect
of the treaty of peace. It makes no new provision.
HAm r.E, contra.
1. As to the nature of lord Fairfax's title to the waste and unappropriated lands.
This title was not that or a common subject. It was a grant by the crown, of the same right to dispose of the lands which the sovereign had. It was a right to grant the lands to individuals, and to receive the services and quitrents due therefor. It was not contemplated that lie himself should occupy the lands. It was a mere delegation of a part of the suvereign power, and so far as it was executed by him, it passed, with the other rights of sovereignty, to the commonwealth of Virginia, at the time of the revolution.

SUPREME COURT U, S:
SxnRuAx's This %vasthe construction -put upon it by lord Fair,DEvIs.Efax himself-for when he intended to appropriate any .T. part of the lands to his own use, he granted it to a third nuuTx's person, and then took back the title frbm his own granLESSEE. tee. His deeds were not in the common form, but were
made to resemble those of the crown.
The Defendants in error still contend that there is a difference between an alien friend and an alien enemy, as to the right to hold lands. In the latter case an office is not nece.ssary The right and possession aro -both thrown upon the commonwealth.
3. But the principal question is, what effect had the treaty of peace upon this devise?
It is said that the proiision, that no future confiscations should be made, removea the disability of alienage.
The itle ofthe comknonwealti of Virginia was complbte before the treaty of peace. Nothing more was necessary than to 'pursue the legal proceedings to put ,the state into possesswn. The office is no part of the title. This was complete at the death of lord Fairfax. It vested eo tastanti in the commonwealth. If it passel to Denny Fairfax, it was to the use of the commonwealth- But if any title vested in Denny Fairfax, what kind of title was it? It could not descend from him. Upon bis death the right and possession were cast upon the commonwealth. He h~td no beneficial interest. He was only a tt ustee of an ectate at will-Co. Lit. 2, (b,) Plowd. 229. An office is only a suit brought bv the king to establish his title by proof of the facts upon which his title depends. It is not to grve title, but to prove the fact of alienage. The office is the remedy, not the right. It is only the means of gain )ossesou in. Attornment to an alien is an attornment to the use of the king-Co. Lit. 310, (b.)
A-n alien cannot sell, Co. Lit. 42, (b.) He has nothing but a nated possession. It is said lie is a good tenant to the precipe, and may suffer a common recovery, but it is for the use of the king.
The treaty of peace does not protect the title

FEBRUARY TERM 1m81.

Confiqcation does not fiiean the recovery of a debt; FAiRprx:e

or o, any thing to which the state had a right before, DEvisunE

but .t is the assumption of a new right. The creation v.

of a rht by an act of sovereign power. It is a trans- IIUNT l's

fer, not of property, but of the right of property, from x.nssn..

individual to public use. But here the right existed

-

before.

If this be not the generdi'meaning of the. word ,, confiscation," it is the meaning of it as used in the treaty The contracting parties were speaking of the acts of the state governments wich were intended as punishments for the part which certain persons had taken in the war. The estates to be restored were not such as had escheat.. ed by reason of alienage, but such as had beefi confiscated on account of the part taken in the war.

If the title was not protected by the treaty, then up-
on the death of Denny Fairfax it vested completely in gie, commonwealth. The Faurfax title was extinct. The commonwealth was estopped by its deed from claiming it, .o that the title of Hunter was unquestionable.

As to the 9th article of the treaty of 1794, Denny Fairfax could continue to hold only what he then held,
and as lie then held. If lie held any thing, it was, at most, an estate for life, remainder to the commonwealtli in fee defeasible, durihg his life, by office found. Consequently, at lis death, the commonwealth bad an estate
in fee. The treaty of 1791 was intended to protect those only who became aliens, by the separation of the two countries, while they held the estates, and not those
who were aliens when their estates accrued. Ifit'had intended to protect the latter class, it would have protected estates acquired by descent as well as those acquired by
devise for they are both within thc same reason, yet it cannot be said that an alien, who, but for his alienag.e, would have inherited an estate upon a descent cast be-
fore 1794, is benefitted by that treaty. It cannot be said that lie then held the estate of his ancestor which his alienage had prevented from descending upon hin.

M~arch i6th, 1813. The Court having taken time

since last term to consider this case4

VOL. VI.

0

SUPREME COURT U. S.

FAIRFAX'S DEvIsEIS
"0.
ituNTER's
.EssE ..

STORY, J. delivered their opinion as follows, (MAi1sHatiL Ch. J.'and TODD J. bezng absent.)
The first question is, whether lord Fairfax was proproprietor of, and seized of the soil of the waste and unappropriated lands in the Northern Neck, by virtue of the royal grants, 2 Charles, 2 and 4 James 2, or whether he had mere seignoral rights therein as lord paramount, disconnected from all interest in the land, except of sale or alienation.

The royal charter expressly conveys all that entire tract, territory, and parcel of land, situate, &c. toge-
ther with the rivers, islands, woods, timber, &c. mines, quarries of stone and coal, &c. to the grantees and their heirs and assigns, to their only.use and behoof, and to no other use, intent or purpose Whatsoever.

It is difficult to conceive terms more explicit than these to vest a title and interest in the soil itself. The
land is given, and the exclusive use thereof, and if the union of the title and the exclusive use do not constitute the domnnum directun. k utile, the complete and abso-
lute dominion in property, it will not be easy to fix any which shall constitute such dominion.

The grouid of the objection would seem to have been, that the royal charter had declared that the grantees should hold of the kin- as tenants vt capite, and that it
proceeded to declare that the grantees and their heirs and assigns should have power ",freely and without mo,lestation of the king, to give, grant, or by any ways ' or means sell or alien all and singular the granted s, premises, and every part and parcel thereof, to any ,, person or persons being willing to contract for and
ii buy the same," which words were to be considered as restrictive or explanatory of the preceding words of the charter, and as confining the rights granted to the mere authority fo sell or alien.

But it is very clear that this clause imposes no re-
striction or explanation of the general terms of the grant. As the graitees held as tenants in capite of the king, they could nt sell or alien without the royal li. cense. and if they did, it was in ancient strictness an

FEBRUARY TERM i83.
absolute forfeiture of the land. 2 ins. 66 , and after FAIRFAx's the statute I Edw. 3 ch. 12, though the forfeiture did DEVISEE not attach, yet a reasonable fine was to be paid to the v. king upon the alienation. 2 Ins. 67 Staindf.Prer 27 nuxrn's 2 Bl. Cmn. 72. It was not until ten years after the first LESSEEa. charter, (12 Ch. 2 ch. %,) that all fines for.alienations and tenures of the king t capite were abolished, 2 B1. Com. 77 So that the object of this clause was mamfestly to give the royal assent to alienations without the claim of any fine tlerefor.
We are therefore satisfied, that by virtue of the charter and the intermediate grants, lord Fairfax at ie time of his death, had the absolute property of the soil of the land in controversy, ana the acts of ownership exercised by him over the whole waste and unappropriated lands, as -,tted in the case, vested in him a completc scizin and possession thereof. Even if there had been no acts of ownvrshi) proved, we should have been of opinion, that as tnere was no adverse possession, and tne land was waste and unappropriated, the legal seizin must be, upon principle, considered as passing with the title.
On this point we have the satisfaction to find, that. our view of the title of lord Fairfax seems incidentally confirmed by the opinion of the Court of appeals of VirgM-ma, in Picket -v. Dowdell, 2 Wash. 106. Johnson 'v. Buffington, 2 Wash. 1±6, and Curry v. Burns, 2 Mash. 121.
The next question is as to the nature and character of the title which Denny Fairfax took by the will of lord Fairfax, lie being, at the time of the death of lord Fairfiax, an alien enemy
It is clicar by the common law, that an alien can take lands by purochase, though not by descent, or in other words he cannot take by the act of law, but lie may by the act of the party This principle has been settled in the year books, and has been uniformly recognized as sound law from that time. i Hen. -, 26. Us,, Hen. 4, 26. Co. Lilt. 2 b. _Nor is there any distinction, whether the purchase beby grant or by devise. In either case, the estate vests in the alien. I'nPw. Dev. 316, 4.c. Parhe.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
:p.iirAx's Rep. 1*.+. Co. Litt. 2 b. not for his own benefit, ut foi DEIvisEE the benefit of the state, or in the language of the au-
v. cent law, the alien has the capacity to take, but nott6 JiUNTER'S hold lands, and they may be seized into the hands of the LGEsSEE. sovereign. U1 H. 4, 26. 1,1 H. h, 20. But until the
lands are so seized, the alien has complete dominion over the same. He is a good tenant of the freehold in aprecipe on a common recovery b Leon 81. Goldsb. i0n. 10 ,Mod.128. And may canvey the same to a purchaser. Sheafe v. O'.Neile, 1 Jfass. Rep. 256. Though Co. Litt. 52 b, seems to the contrary, yet it must probably mean that lie can convey a defeasible estate only, which an office found will divest. It seems indeed to have been held, that an alin cannot maintain fi real action for the recovery of lands. Co.Lit. 129 b. T hel. Dig. ch. 6. Dyer, 2. b. but it does not then follow that he may not de'fend, in a real action, hIs title . the lands against all persons but the sovereign.
We do not find that in respect to these general rights and.disabilities, there is any admitted difierene between alien fi-rnds and alien enemies. During the war, the property of alien enirms~is subject to confiscation 3ure bei, and their civil capacity to sue is suspended. Dyer, 2 b. Brandon -v.. esbitt, 6 2'R. 23. 3 Bos. 4- Pul. 113. 5 Rob. 10-. But ,s to capacity to purchase, no cas.- has been cited in which it has been denied, and in The .6ttorney Gencral v. Wheeden c Shales, Park. Rep. 267, it was adjudged that a bequest to an alien enemy was good, and after a peace might be enforced. Indeed 'he common law in these. particlars seems to coincide with the Jus Gentium. Bynk. quest. Pub. Jur ch. 7 Vat. lel, b. -2 ch. 8, 6 1, 114. CGrot. lib. 2, ct. 6, § 16.
It has not been attempted to place the title of Denny Faitrfax upon the ground of nis being an antenatus,born tinder a common allegiance before the American revolution, and this has been abandoned upon good reason, for whatever doubts may have been formerly entertained. it is now settled that a British subject born before, cannot, sice the revolution, take lands by descent in the united States. 4 (ranch, 321, Dawson'sLessee v. Godfirey.
But it has been argued$ that although D. Fairfax

FEBRUARY TERM 1813. had capacity to take the lands as devisee, yet he took FAiRFAx's to 'he use of the commonwealth only, and ha(c therefore DEvvIsEE. but a momentary seizin, that in fact he was but a mere Tv. trustee of the estate' at the will of the commonwealth, HVU.TER'S' and that by operation of law, immediately upon the death LESSEE. of the testator, lord Fairfax, the title vested in the .commonwealth, and left but a mere naked possession in the devisee.
If we are right in the position, that thc capacity of an alien enemy does not differ in this respect from an alien friend, it will not be easy to maintain this argument. It is incontrovertibly settled upon the fullest authority that the title acquired by an alien by purchase, is not divested ilit office found. The principle is founded upon the ground, that as the freehold is in the alien, and he is tenant to the lord of whom the lands are holden, it cannot be divested out of him but by some notorioun act, by which it may appear that the freehold is in another. I Bac. .tbr .Alien C.p. 133. Now an office of entitling is necessary to give this-notoriety, and fix the title in the sovereign. So it was adjudged m Page'scase 5 Co. 22, and has been uniformly recognized. Park.
2R6e7p Park.1%4. Hob. !231. Bro. Denzev, pl. 17 Co. Litt. 2. b. And the reason of the difference, why when an alien dies, the sovereign is seized without office found, is because otherwise the freehold would be in abeyance, as an alien cannot have any inheritable blood. Nay even after office found, the king is not adjudged in possession, unless the possession were then vacant, for if the possession were then in another the king must enter or seize by his officer,. before the possession in deed shall be adjudged in him. i, H. 7, 21. 15 H. 7, 6. 20. Staundf.Prerog.Reg. ch. 18, p. 61. i Co. 58. a. And if we were to yield to the authority of Staundford. (Prer Reg. ch. 18, p. 56,) that in the case of alien enemy, the king ",rationeguerrae,"might seize without offiee found, yet the same learned authority assures us. -,that the king must seize in those cases, ere lie can have ai siterest in the lands, because they be penal towards the party." 4 Co. 58. b. And until the king be in possession by office found, he cannot grant lands which are forfeited by alienage. Staundf. Pre. Reg. ch. 18.f.54'. 'tat. 18 He. 6, ch. 6.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
r.i=iAx's To apply these principles to the present case, Denny ni3vis.u Fairfax had a complete, though defeasible title, by vir-
V. tue of the devise, and as the possession was either vaHUN'rTrn's cant or not adverse, of gourse the law united a seizin to LL sssr his title in the lands in controversy, and this title
could only be divested by an inquest of office, perfected by an entry and seizure where the possession was not vacant. And no grant by the commonwealth, according to the common law, could be valid, until the title was, by such means, fixed in the commonwealth. Itis admitted that no entryor s -izure was made by the commonwealth ;;ratione gterrae" during the war. It is also admitted, that no inquest of office was ever made pursuant, to the acts on this subject at any time. And it wohll seem therefore to follow, upon common law reas%.ruig, that the grant to. the lessor of the original Plaintiff. by the public patent of 30th April, 1789, issued improvidently and erroneously, and passed nothing. And if this be true, and there he.no act of Virginia altering thw common law, it is quite immaterial what is the valh ity of the title of jjie original Defendant as against tl e commonwealth, for the Plaintiff must recover by the streuilh of his own title, and not by the weakness of that of his adversary
But it is contended, 1st, That the common law as to inquests of-office and seizui e, so far as the same respects the lands m controversy, is completely dispensed with by statutes of the commonwealth, so as to niake the qrant to theoriginal Plaintiff in 1789 complete and per-
frct-And secondly, and further, if it be not so, vet as the devisee died pending the suit, the freehold was thereby cast upon the commonwealth without an inquest, and thus arises a retroactih e confirmation of the title of the. origial Plaintiff, of which lie may now avail himself.,As to the first point we will not say that it was not competent for the legislature, (supposing no treaty in
the wav) by a special act to have. vested the land in the commonwealth without an inquest of office for the cause of alienage. But such an effect ought not, upon principles of public policy, to be presumed upon light grounds, that an inquest of office should be made in cases of alienage, is a useful and important restraint upon public proceedings. No part of the United States seems to have been more aware of its impQrtance, or

FEBRUARY TERM i1W.
more cautious to guard against its abolition, than the 'AIRF.x' Courts of Virginia. It prevents individuals from being DEVISEEn harassed by numerous suits fntroduced by litigious V. grantees. It enables the owner to contest the question HUNTER'S of alienage directly by a traverse of the office. It af- LESSE. fords an opportunity for the public to know the nature, the value, and the extent of its acquisitions pro defectu, hwredis, and above all it operates as a salutary suppression of that corrupt influence which the avarice of speculation might otherwise urge upon the legislature. The common law, therefore, ought not to be deemed to be repealed, unless the language of a statute be clear and explicit for this purpose.
Let us now consider the several acts which have been referred to in the argument, from which we think it will abundantly appear that, during the var, the lands inontroversy were never, by any public law, vested in the commonwealth. We dismiss, at -once, the act 6f 1777, ch. 9, and of 1779, ch. i, aisthey are restruned to estates held by British subjects at the times of' their respective enactments, and do not extend to eat.ites subsequently acquired.
The next act is that of 1782, ch. 8, the 24th sec. after reciting that cc since the death of the late proprietor of the Northern Neck, there is reason to suppose that the said proprietorship hath descended upon alien enemies," enacts, that persons holding lands in said Neck, shall retain sequestered in their hands, all quit rents which were then due, -untilthe right of descent should be more fidiy ascetained, and that all quit rents, thereafter to become due, shall be paid into the public treasury, and the parties exonerated from the future claim of the proprietor. Admitting that this section as to the quit rents, was equivalent to an inquest of office, it cannot be extended, by construction, to include the -waste lands of the proprietor. Neither the words, nor the intention. of the legislature would authorize such a constructionBut it may well be doubted if, even as to the quitrents, the provision is not to e consid,-red as a sequestration *7ure belli, rather than a seizure for alienage-for it proceeds on the ground, that the property ,,"had descended, not upon aliens, but alien-enemies. So far as the.treaty of peace might be deemed"material in the case, this distinction wopld deserve consideration,"

SUPREME COURT'U. S.

&A1UFAx's DEv vsER
T.
HUNTER'S
LEssEs.

The next is the act of 1782, cn. 33, which, after reciting that " the.death of lord Fairfax may occasion great inconveience to those who may incline to make entries for vacafit lands in the Northern Neck, proceeds (see. 3.) to enact, that all entries made with the survey-
ors, &c. anit returned to the office formerly kept ity lord Fairfax, shall be held as good and valid as those heretofore made under his direction, 6 until some mode shall " be taken up and adopted by the General Assembly,
"cconcerning the territory of the Northern Neck." This act, so far from containing in itself any provision for vesting all the vacant lands of lord Fairfax in the com-
monwealth, expressly reserves, to a future time, all deciSions as to the disposal of the territory.-Itsuffers rights -and titles to be acquired exactly in the same manner, and with the same conditions, which lord Fairax had
by permanent regulations prescribed in his office.-No other acts were passed on the subject during the war.

We are now led to consider the act ofQI78, ch. 4j7wuch has presented some difficulty, if it stand unaffected by the treaty ofpeace. The Ith sec. after a recital " that "6since the death of the late proprietor, no mode hath " been adopted to enable those who had before Ins
"6death made entries within the said district according " to an act, &c. (act 1782, ch. 33) to obtain titles to the
" same," enacts that in all cases of such entries, grants shall be issued by the commonwealth to the parties
in the same manner, as by law is directed in cases of
other unappropriated lands-The 5th sec. then declares Chat the unappropriated land within 'the Northern Neck
should be subject t.,the game regulations, and be granted in the same manner, and caveats should be proceeded
upon, tried and determined, as is by law directed, in
cases of other unappropriated lands belonging to the commonwealth. The 6th sec. extinguishes for the future all quit rents.

The patent of the original Plaintiff issued pursuant to the 5th sec. of this act.
It has been argued. that the act of 1785 amounts t6 k legislative appropriation of all the lands in controversy That it must be considered as completely divesting the title of Ilen,,v Fairfax for the cause of alienage. and

FEBRUARY TERM isis.

vesting it in the commonwealth-After the. most mature -ATMr'Xi's

reflection, we cannot subscribe to the argument---In acts .EV sEE

of sovereignty so highly.penal, it is against the ordijia- '-. ry rule to enlarge, by inpplication and inference, the ex- HUN 'J'a o

tent of the language employed. It.vould be to declare LTSSEE

purposes which the legislature have not chosen to avow,

and to create vested estates, when the common law

would pronounce a contrary sentence, and the guar-

dians of the public interests have not expressed an inten-

tion to abrogate that-law. If the legislature have pro-

ceeded upon the suppositiQn that the lands were al-

ready vested in the commonwealth, wa do not perceive

how it helps the case. If the legislature, upon a mistake

of facts, proceed to grant defective titles, we know df

no rule of law which requires a Court to declare, in

penal cases, that to be actually done which ought pre-

viously to have been done. Perhaps-as to grants under

the 4th sec. where entries under the act of 1782, ch. 33,

it might not be too much to hold, that such grants con-

veyed no more thai the title of the commonwealth, ex-

actly inthe same state as the commonweath itself held

it, viz. an inchoate right, to be reduced into possession

and consummated by a suit in the nature, or with the

effect, of an inquest of office. Blut we give no opinion Qn

this point, because the .patent of. the original Plaintiff

manifestly Issued under the succeeding section--and up-

on -a construction, which we give to- this- section,- it is-

sued improvidently, and passed no title whatever.r-That

construction is, that the unappropriated- lands in the

Northern Neck should be granted inthe samemanner as

the other lands of the. commonwealth, when the title .of

the commonwealth was perfected by possession. It seems

to us difficult to contend, that the legislature meant to

.grant mere titles and rights of entry, of. the common-

wealth, to lands in the same manner as it did lands of.

which the commonwealth was in actual possession antd

seizin:-It would be selling suits aul controversies

through the whole country, and enacting a general sta-

tute in favor of maintenance, an offence which the

common law has denounced with extraordinary seve-

rity.. Consistent therefore with the manifest intention

of the legislature, grants were to issue for'ands in the

'Northern Neck, precisely in the same manner as for

lanls in other parts of the state, and under the-same

VOL. VIL

So

SUPREME- bURT U. 'S.

FAIIRFA'AS ]DEysEE
'V.
HUNTER'S LESSEE.

limitation, Viz. that the commonwealth Ahould have, at the time of the grant, a complete title and seizin.
We are the more confirmed in this construction by the act concerning escheators, (act 1779, cli. o5,) which regulates the manner of proceeding in cases of escheat, and was by a subsequent act.- (act 1786, ch. 53,) egpressly extended to the counties in the Northern Neck. This act of 1779 expressly prohibits the granting- of any lands, seized into the hands of the commonwealth -uponoffice found, till the lapse of twelve months after the return of.the inquisition and verdict into the office of the general Court, and afterwards authorizes the proper escheator to proceed. to sell in case no claim .should he liled, within that time, and substantiated against the commonwealth. It is apparent, from this act, that it was not the intention of the legislature to dispose of lands, accruing by escheat, in the same manner as lands to which the commonwealth already possessed a perfect title. It has not been denied that the regulations ofthis act were designed to apply as well to titles accruing upon alienage, (wicr, are not 'in strictness, escheats,) as upon forfeitures for other causes, and, but for the act of 1785, cli, 47, we do not peFceive- but that the vacant lands were, by the devise of lord Fairfax, in the Nbrthern Neck, would have been completely witbi the act regulating proceedings upon escheats.

The real fact appears to have been, that the legisla ' lure supposed that the commonwealth were in actual
seizin and possession of the vacant lands of lord Fairfax, either upon the principle that an alien enemy could
not take by devise, or the belief that the acts of 1782, ch. 8, and ch . 33, had already *estd the property in the -tommonwealth. In either case it was a mistake which surely ought not to be prssed to the injury of third per-
SOILS.

Bti if the construction, wich We have suggested, be
incorreot, we think that, at all events, the title of Hunter, under the grant of .1789, cannot be considered as more extensive than the title of the commonwealth, vii. a title indhoate and imperlfect, to be consummated by an actual entry under an inquest of.office, or its equivalent. a suit and judgment at lIw by the grantee.

FEBRUARY TERM iss,

627

Tis view of the acts of Virginia, rendeyrs it wholly :ui:FAx's unnecessary to consider a point, which has been very DEvIs.E elaborately argued at the bar, whether the 'treaty of T. peace, which declares" "-that no future confiscations HiUTx.R'S shall be made," protects from forfeithre, under the mum- ESSEE. cipil laws respecting alienage, estates held by British subjects at the time of the ratification of that treaty.,
For we are well satisfied that tile treaty of 1791 completely protects and confirms the title of Denny Fairfaxz even admitting that the treaty of peace left im wholly
unprovided for.

The 9th article is in these-words: " It is agreed that British subjects who now hold lands in the territories,
of the United States, and American citizens who now
hold binds in the dominions of )is majesty, shall continue to hold them according to the nature and tenure of their respective estates and titles therein, and may grant, sell or devise the same to whom they please in
like manner as if they were natives, and that neither
they nor their heirs'or assigns shall, so far as-respects the said lands and the legal remedies incident t!iereto, be ponsidered as aliens."

Now, we cannot yield to the argument that Denny
Faifax had, no title, bnt a mere naked possession or trust estate. In our judgment, by virtue of the devise
to lnm, he held a fee simple in his own right. At the time of the commencement of this suit (in 1791) he was
in complete possession and seizin of the land. That possession and seizin continued-up 'to and after the treaty of i791, which being the supreme law of tile land.
confirmed the title to him, his heirs and assigls, am! protected lm from any forfeiture by reason of alienage.

It was once in the power of the commonwealth of Virginia, by an inquest of office ur its equivalent, to have vested the estate completely in itself or its qrantee But it has noc so done, and its own inchoate title (and
of course the derivative title, if any, of its.grantee) has by the operation of the treaty become ineffectual and
vold.

It becomes unnecessary to consider the argument as to tile effect of the death .fDenny Fairfax pending the

SUPREME COURT U. S.
r.&=FAx' s suit, because admitting it to be correctly applied in ,eDEVisEz neral, tile treaty of i79- completely avoids it. 'Ihe
T. heirs of Denny Fairfax were made capable w law to nuNTER'S take from him by descent, and the freehold was not,
BEs.9.E. therefore, on his death, cast upon the-commonwealth.
On the whole, the Court are of opinion that the judg. ment .fthe Court of appeals of Virginia ought to be Irversed, and that the judgment of the District Court of Winchester be affirmed with costs, &c.
JOHNSON, J.
After the maturest investigation of this case that circum:tanc.'s would permit me to ,ak , I am obliged to dissent from the opinion of the majority of my brethren.
The material questions are,
1st. Whether an alien can take lands as a devisee, and if he can,
2d. Whether an inuquest of office was indispensably necessary to divest hiniof his interest for the benefit of the state?
3d.-Whether the disability of the devisee was-not creid by the treaty of peace3 or the treaty of 1794.
-With regard to the treaty of peace it is verylear to me that, that does not affect the case. The words of the 4th article are, - TLhere shall be no future confiscations 9-made, nor any presecution commenced against any ,,person or persons for or by reason of the part which "he or they may have taken in the present war."
Now shonld we admit, as has been strongly insisted, that to escheat is to confiscate, it would'still remain to show that this was ,;a confiscation on account ,of the ,,part taken by the devisee in the war of the revolu"-tro." But the diability of an alien to hold real estate is the risilt of a general principle. of.the common 'law, and was in no wise attached to the individual on account of his conduct in the revolutionary struggle. The alien who had taken part with this counti'y and

FEBRUARY TERM .18i3.

629

fought the battles of the states, may have been -affected FAT RAxs by it no less than he who -fought against us, and tile DEVzSB.E member of any other community in the. world may as *v. well have been the object of its application as the sub- HUNTE.R'S ject of Great Britain. The object evidently was to se- iEssEE. cure tile individual from legal punishment-not to cure a legal disability-.existing in him.

With regard to the bearing of the treaty of 1794, on the interests of the parties, the only difficulty arises from the vague signification of the words "now holding," made use of in the article which relates to this subject., But in. conformity with the liberal spirit in which national contracts ought to be construed, I am satisfied to consider that treatv as extending to all cases " of a rightful pussession or legal title defeasible only " on the ground- of alien disability and existing at the ", date of that treaty"

What then were the rights of the devisee in this case? and were they in existence at the date of this trvaty'

Wloevfr looks into the learning, on the cap "ityof an alien to take lands as devisee, will find it involved in some difficulties. There is no decided case, that I knriw of, upon the subject. And the opinions of learned men upon it, when compar'd, will be found to have been expressed with doubt,'or scarcely reconcileable to each other. The general rule is, that an alien may take by purchase, but cannot hold. Yet so fragile or gimsy is the right lie acquires, that, if tortiously dispossessed, no one contends that hm can-maintain an action aganist the evictor. To assert that he has a righi, and yet admit-that he has no remedv, appears to me rather paradoxical., Yet all admit that the bailiff of the king cannot enter on an alien purchaser until office foun.d.But where a freehold is cast upon the alien by act of law, as bydescent, dower, custody, &c. it is admitted that no inquest of office is necessary to vest the estate in the-king, and lie may enter immediately Whetlher an alien devisee is to be considered as a purclutscr according to the meaning of that term as applied to an
lien, or whether his estate is to be considered as one of those which are cast on him by operation of law. is an alternative., either branch of wuch may be. laid hold

SUP'IEME COURT U. S.

vAmLFAr 's
vxis. i v.
iuNlEiR's
LussnE.

of with some confidence. Chief baron Gilbert asserts, without reservation, that a devise to an alien is void. (Gilbert on devses, p. iL._) But .4(ir Powell maintains that he takes under it aa a purchaser. (Powell on 'Dev. 37 ) In support of Gilbert's opinion it might be urged that a devise takes effect under statute, and in that
view the interest may be said to be cast onthe alien by operation of law. Yet I have no hesitation in deciding
in favor of the doctrine as laid down by Powell. Not on the words of lord Hardwick, as quoted from A'mnglt and & .Pless7s, for the judge there expressly declifies girng an opinion, but from a reference to the principle upon which the dbctrine is certainly founded.

The only unexceptionable reason that can be assigned why -an alien can take by deed, though lie cannot hold, is, That otherwise the proprietor would be restrict-
ed in hi's choice of an alienee, or in other words, in his right of alieiiation. And to declare suwh a conveyance
null and void would be attended with this absurdity, that the estate would still remain in the alienor in opposition to his own will and contract. It would therefore seem that the law on this subject would be more satifactorily expressed by asserting that an alien is a competent party to a contract, so that a conveyance, ex-
ecuted to hum, shall divest the feoffer or donor, in order that it may'escheat. The tendency of this doctrine to favor the royal prerogative of escheat, would no doubt secu'e to it a welcome reception, yet it is not too much to pronounce it reasonable in the abstract. This rea-
son is 'as applicable to the case of a devise as of. a contract, aid in the technical-application of the terrm purchaser a devisee is included. But it is contended that
the grant to lord Fairfax was a grant or cession of sovereign power, and as such was assumed by the state when it declared itself independent. Upon considering, as well the acts of fhe state, with regard to this proper-
ty, as the acts of lord Fairfax himself, there is reason i)o think that both acted under this impression. But to decide on this question, we must look into the deed of
cession, and upon its construction the decision of this Court must depend. And here, in every part of it, we find it divested of the chief attributes of sovereigntynot , power legislative, .judicial or executive given, and
the words such as are adapted to convey an interest,

FEBRUARY TERM isis.,

031

but no jurisdiction. Some few royal prerogatives, it is FAIRFiAXS

true, are expressly conveyed, and these unquestionably DBVISEE

must have accrued to the state upon the assertion of in- V. the interest in the soil. remained to UUNTR?'s

dependence. the grantee.

But So far, therefore,. I feel no difficulty about .xamssEF.

sustaininx'the claim of the deviee. But did this inte-

rest remain in hun at the time of the treaty of 1791 ?

I am of opinion it did not. The interest acquired was a mere scintilla,jurzs, and that scintilla was under extinguished the devise by the grant of the state vesting this tract in the Plaintiff in error. I will not say what would have been the effect of a more general grant. But this grant emanated under a law expressly relating to the lands of lord Fairfak authorizing thom to be entered, surveyed and granted.

The only objection that can be set up to ie validity is, that it was not preceded by ali inquest of office. of And this the grant question then will be, whether it ,was not. competent for the state to assert its rights over by any other means than an inquest of office. I am the of alien's opinion property, that it was. That the mere executive of the state could not have done. it, I'will but what was there tQ restrict the supreme legislative readily-admit, power, from dispensing with the,inquest of office? In the case of Smith. and-the state of Mfaryland, 'this Court sustained a.specific confiscation of lands under a law of the state, where there was neither conviction nor inquest ot office. And in Great case of treason, an inquest'bf office is expressly dispensed Britain, with in by the the statute 33, H. VIII, c. 3o, So that there is nothing mystical, nor any-thing of indispensable obligation, in this inquest of office. It is, in restraint upon the exercise of arbitiary power -'Great by Britain, the crown,,and a salutary affords the subject a simpleand decent mode of contesting the claim of Ins sovereign, but the legislative power of that country and has asserted, the right of dispensing with certainly it, and I may see no assert, reason why it was not competent for the legislature of the state of Virginia to do the same.

Several collateral questions have arisen, in this case on which, as I do not differ materially firmn my bre

SUVREME COURT U. S. PAIMFAX's thron, 1.will only express my opinion in the briefest bEvISEF, manner.
ixiuNr.R's I am of opinion that whenever the case, made out in LEssEr., the pleadings9 does not, in law, sanction the judgment
which has been given upon it, the error sufficiently appears upon the record to bring the case within the XXV section of thejudiciary act.
ram also of opinion that whenever a case is brought
up to this Court under that section, the title of the parties litigant must necessarily be enqired into, and that such an enquiry must, in the nature of, things, precede the consideration how far the law, treaty, and soforth, is applicable to it, otherwise an appeal to this Court would be worse than nugatory
And that n ejectinent at least, if n6t in every possible case, the decision of this Court must conlorm to the state of rights of the parties at the time of its own judgment. so that a reatr, although ratified subsequent to the deciion of the Court appealed frofti, b:'comes a part of the law. of the case and must control our decision.

~sv
10.
SACoV.

GM=96-CtOUPlfTV 6 S.
then.donp away, for if such an intention at any time existed, it would be difficult-to assign to th master or owner A motive for postponing the executiQn of it until after the arrival of the vessel at her port of discharg,, It is, therefore, scarcely to be conceived that such a case was in the contemplation of the legislature.

It is true that this vessel had not arrived at Tar-
mouth, where her cargo was to be landed, at the time
bf the seizure. But it is sufficieit, in the opinion of the Conrt, that she had arrived at the port to which she wds destined, and had received a permit to land. The voyke was as much at an end in relation to the ques-
tion as ifshe had arrived within 100 yards of the wharf
at Yarmouth. It is, therefore,- the unaninoud opinion bf tins Court that there Is no error in the opinion of the Court below on the constructiongiven by that Court, of the above statute.

Other exceptions were taken, in the courseof1 the tnal of this cause, to the opinion of the Court below on rejecting certain evidence offered by the Appellant. But this Court has no authority, under the law which aitthorizes this appeal, to notice any error except such as
appears on the face of the record and immediately respects the questions of validity of the constitution, treaties, statutes, commissiohsj or authorities in dispute.

The opinions of the' Court below, in relation to the evidence offred by the Appellant, even if erroneous, which we neither affirm noy deny, have nothing to do with the construction of any statute 'of the United States, and therefore they cannot he regarded by this Court.

Judginenf affirned.

sis.

TIORNTON v. CARSON

F 4.

23d.

_____

,

.Absent....:roin, 1.

An aw rd is ERROR to the Circuit Court for the dlstri df
not iVid be
cause it i ..Columbia, sitting at Washington.

FEBRUARY TERM 48is.

TgwO actions of debt, commenced at law by Carson THOR1. against. Thornton, upon two bonds for the payment of TON

money, were-referred,, by consent under a rule. of Court V.

to;arbitrators,,'wlo awarded that the first action should cARsoN.

f be mawrked and- conszdered, settled, and that the other -" also shouldbe marked and coazsdered itled, provded,vee alterna.
tive, and con.
"that the Defendant, Thornton, in conjunction with the ungent, nor (, trustees of the, gold.niine. company of Iorth Carolina, because one
of the alter.
"should convey and secure by a deed and assurance natives reffilegally 'executed, with proper and usual covenants, qtywtoredsothacnyaacrt-

tint. John K. Carson, his heirs and assigns, for the in conjunction "benefit of the said John, and the heirs of Thomas Car- with others,

"son,

deceased,-on

or

before

the

first

day

of

January,

not parties t. the award, ant

0 1811, oie eleventh part of all the minerals and mineover -Ohom ie

" that might thereafter be found upon a tract of laud, his no contral

k'in the county of Montgomery, and state of North Car-

",olna, which by'deeds bearing date the 5th of Fecem-

6 ber, 1805, was conyeyed by the said John K. Carson,

ff to the said William Thornton, and by the said WiI-

liam Thornton, to the said trustees ot hbe gold-mine

" company, and that if such conveyance and assurance

#.'should not be made on or before the said ist of Janu-

.i ary, 1811," then in the first suit, judgment should be

entered up by the Court for the Plaintiff, (Carsonj

(or the penalty of the bond, to be-released on the pay-

rent of a certain sum expressed on the award, and

also in the second suit, judgment should be entered for

the Plaintiff, for the. penalty of the bond to be released

on the payment of another sum also expressed in the

award, and that upon receiving such conveyance and

assurance, Carson should convey to Thornton five

shares in the gold-mine company, of Wqrth Carolina,

which Carson' had subscribed for on tfb ist of April,

1806.

Exceptions were taken to this award, ist. because it-
Is not final; 2d. because it is uncertain. Sd. because it is unreasonable. 4th. because it is contingent and conditional. 5th. because it is against law, and 6th. because it is no award.

Bfut the Court below over-ruled the exceptions and rendered judgment for the amount of the money melqtioned in the iward,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THORNiTo4r T0.
CARsoNr.

The Defendant, Thornton, brought his writ of error, and his counsel insisted upon the following errors.
i. That ih-a award wap not final or certain, -because its inal determination depends on a contingency, and would be an award in favor of the Plaintiff in one event, and in favor of the Defendant in another. It was also uncertain; because-there was no Way of ascertaning whether the act to be done by the Plaintiff in error, and the other persons, was or was not done, nor whether the conveyances were made as directed, nor whether they were " proper and sufficient," nor how, nor by whom'the eptry was to be made in the suit, and the arbitrators could -neither resqrve this to be deterfiiined by themselves, nor leave it to be done' by.others.

It was also uncertal, because it is not stated 'when
the entry ("6 settled") was to be made in the suit in the one event, nor the judgment for the Plaintiff in the other.

2. The award was bad because it required the Plaintiff in error to do-what was manifestly out of his pow-
er,. viz to get other persons to join him in executing a deed, which, if not impossible, was at least unreasonable.

It was also unreasonable, because it required a deed to be made by the Plaintiff in error, who is stated to have no title nor interestin the thing to be conveyed, and because it only required that the deed should be made, not that it should be delivered, so that the same would not have been binding upon the Defendant in ,Error, and therefore the award being uncertain, unreasonable and inconclusive as to one party, was to be so considered as to both. And
3. Thafthe award was repugnant and void, being at first in favor of the Plaintiff in error, and determining that the suit should be entered ,"settled," and afterwards awarding that a judgment should be entered for the Defendant in error, upon a certain contingency.
The ease was submitted without argument, Monszyz,

FEBRUARY TER I 1819.

for thie Defendant in error, having cited Eya on awards, 137, and 12, Mod. 586, Lee-v. .1ukns.
WASHMNGTOK, .delivered the opinion of the Court as follows

THOIM-
'V. cARsoN'.
-

This is a writ of error to a judgment ofthe Circuit Court for the district of Columbia.

Under a rule vhich was served upon the Plaintiff in error torshow cause, during theterm at which the rule was made, why judgment should not be entered on the
award, he appeared -andassigned for cause, that the said award was'ntncertatn,not final, unreamonable, conditional,and 'yozd.

These objections are strictly techrncal,-and-referrable
solely to defects supposed to appear on the face of the
award, and do not aim to impeach it for any. one of the
causes which the law of Ma,yland, passed in October, 1778, ch. 21, dedlares to -be sufficient for setting as:de an award.

This Court, not meaning to decide whether any and what other objections than those stated in the statute of Afarylar.., may he alleged against entering judgment
upon awards made under orders of reference, will pro-
-ceed to consider those whch were stated in this case.

It is contended that this award is not final or certain, because it depends ov a contingency, and will be an
award in favor of the-Plaintiff in one event, and in favor'of the Defendant in another. Thr's C'buft does not so understand the effect of this award. It is clearly in favor of the Defendant in error, in either event contemplated by the referees. The Plaintiff is required,
in conjunction with certain other persons, to convey to the Defendant, for the benefit of himself andthe heirs of .jomasCarson, on or before a fixed day, certain property specified in- the award, or to pay :the amS unt of th&itwo bonds in suit. If he made the conveyance, then tlhreferees have awarded certain property -to the Defendrijt, and if he failed to do this, judgment xas to
be entered against him, for the amognt of those bonds. ·The Defendant had hiselection to do either, and upon

rxor=Tow V.
cmtom.
*

satisfying the Court, at the time he was required to show -cause why judgment should not be entered on thp award, that he had made such a conveyance as the award prescribe4, the Court ought to have or4ere the suits to have been entered' settled."

Uf the.3raititiff had made the conveyance, and -the Defendant, who, upon that act bemgdone, was required by the award to transfer five shares in the gold-mine tomp~any, of North Carolina to the Plaintiff, had 43iled to do so, the Court ought to have Qrdered the suits to bje entered sc settled." But the Piaintiff, having failed t.perfol'm the act, rpon 'Nwich alone .this transfer wir id-bemade amd the suits were to be entered "se11ked,' -became-liable to pay the sums awarded by the referees as'the equivalent for the property to be conveyed, and consequently tlm Court was -rightm entering the judgment fogbthe sums -awarded.

There is no.uncertainty in all this, or at least none which might not be rehdered certain by the act. of the Plaintiff in conformity with the award, qnd which must not necessarily be certain at the time'the Court was to Pender juugment on the award.,

The-plain meaning of the award is that the Plauintif was to pay the amount of~the bonds in suit, unless, by a certain day, he made a conveyance to the Defendant of the property described in the award, in which latter event he was to -receive from the, Defendant, a transfer of .five shares in the gold-mine company. and to be discharged from the payment of the moniy. by a entry to that effect, to be made in the suits retrred. But if he refused to make the conveyance, then jud.gment tof be entered against him for the amount of the bonds in suit. M ieenititled himself to this entry in his favor, by performing theother branch of the alternative, and the Defendaet failed-to perform his part of the award, then the Defendant.could receive no benefit from the award, and the suits were to be entered 6settled." Whether the conveyance from .the Plaintiff, and' the transfer by the Defendant, were made in due form, were questions proper for the consideration of the Court.

The award is said to be uncertawn, because the namea

FEBRUARY TERM 8s.
of the trustees who are to join in the conveyance, and vroRrof the heirs of Thomas Carson, are not stated, nor does TOM the award declare who is to prepare and tender the V. deed. These, too. were questions proper for the con- CARsoN. sideration of the Court below, but form no objections ---- 4 to the award. It does not appear from the record that. the Defendant had refused or failed to do every thing. which the law required him to perform to entitle him to the judgment of the Court, and we must therefore prestme that no delinquency on'ispart was shown by the Plaintiff, that if it was necessary for him to prepare and tender the deed such as the law required, he did so to the satisfaction of the Court. If lie failed.to do that which would warrant the Court in entering judgment on the award, it was the duty of the Plaintiff to have shown tis as cause against entering the judgment, and to have spread all the facts upon the record, which might enable. this Court to decide whether the Court below acted correctly or not.
The award is said to be uureasonole because it requires the Plaintiff to get other persons to join in the conveyance to the Defendant which he may not be able to do. But surely if the Plaintiff was bbund to pay the 'bolids in suit, or to convey a good title to certain property, which title would. not he valid in the opinion of tie referees, unless other persons joined in the conveyance, lie cannot surely complain that he is ordered to pay the money, unless he executes such a deed as will pass a good title. It is his misfortune if he cannot make the title, but it is no reason why, uk that event he. should not pay the money
There are other causes assigned why the award is unreasonable, but as the facts.to prove it unreasonable do not appear in the record, they cannot be noticed by the Court, even if such objections.would. in law. be sufficient to set aside the award.
Judgmentqffirmed -withcosts.
VOL, VII.

Vzt£ft
1b.
4nitwo = ,

0nfit -w- retidered, which remains n full force, 'B these proceeduings, the Plaintiff became liable topay the said flodgsett the amount ot the said note and costs of suit whih he had actually paid. The declaratioA then proceeds to state, that, by reason of the prenuses, the Defendant, Abraham Lindi, -became liable t pay tei
hluntiff, tl~e amount of the said note and costs of suit, and, being so liable, he assumed, &c.

Under the mere assignment from &indo to Welch, it is clear, that this suit i. not sustainable; because it is a part ofthe contract, that Luido shall nd be liabktiuld' his zndorsemeht. The count is also defective, In tid dtating that the indorsement was made or Vvluabla consideration, and also in not averring that Liidd ht actually Irecerved the money for which the note wai given.

lT'hese are substantial faults, which are not- eurdd T4 a rerdict. The declaration presents a cae in w R& ther¢tvaa no liability on the part of the Defendant, Id the Plintiff, which can sustain the assumpsit found by the verdict.

.There ip no error, and the judgment is alirTned;

021 T9Z STATE OF NEW JERSEY v. WILSON.

ieginctive

'.HTES case was submitted t this Courto upon C

At,dceecrht hnng

fa

ai

statement of facts, without argument.

.. s hich

should belur.

March 3d....ll the Judgesbeing present,

chased for the

lndian,, shciuld ~sij

l utc

not, thereaf-

-s-, Ch u. sic, delivered the opinion of the

4 er, be subject Court as follows

cgoo nasntyutteaxd,a 'Contrda,

This w a writ of error to a. judgment rendered ift

nohtibche croeusclidnd.. the Court of last resort in the state of New Jersey, Dy o by asubs.ewreich the Plaintiffs allege they are deprived of a right

aeient legisla. secured to them by the constitution of the United Statea,

FEBRUARY -TERM ii2.

Tfie case appears to be this.

STATE oF
IV.JERSEY

;The rembdit of te tribe of Delaware Indians, pre- V,.

vious to the-20tt4 February, 1758, had claims to a con- wisON.

siderable portion of lands in'New Jersey, to -extinguish

which became an object with the government and pro- tive act. Such

prietors under the conveyance from King.Charles 2A-1rbe,epinegalivnogid act

to the Duke of York. For this purpose a convention was under that

held'in February, 1758, between the Indians and corn- cslauseoftheo

missioners appointed by the government of New Jersey; the United

at which the Indians agreed to specify particularly the Sttes -vlic

lands which they claimed, release their claim to all prohibitsa

others, and to appoint certain chidfs to treat with corn- passing any

mnssioners on the lpart of the government for the final law zmpalrnw

extinguishment of their whole claim.

of contracts.

On tile 9th of August, 1758, the Indian depluties mtr the commissioners and delivered to them a proposition reduced to writing-the basis of which was, that the government should purchase a tract of land on which they might reside-in consideration of which they would release their claim to all othr lands in New Jet'. sey south of the river Rariton.

This proposition appears to haie been assented to by the commissioners, and the legislature on the 12th of August, 1758, passed an act to give effect to this areement.

This act, among other provisions, authorizes the purchase of lands for the Indians, restrains them from granting leases or making sales, and enacts -that -the " lands to be purchased for the Indians aforesaid shall ",not hereafter be kubject to any tax, any law usage or "fcustom to the contrary thereof, in any vise notwith9' standing."

In virtue of this act, the convention with the Indians was executed. Lands were purchased and-conveyed to trustees for their use, and the Indians released their claim to the south part of New Jersey.

The Indians continued 14 peaceable possession of the lands thus conveyed to them until some time-in the year 1801i when, hanymg become desirous of migrating frolo

SUi3REME COMTM. 0L S.

STATE OF the state of NiwJers,-v, and'of joining their brethren at I. JERsEY, Stockbridge, in the state of New York, they applied for,
v. and obtqined an act of.the legislature of Nekv Jersey, wiLson. authorizing a-sale-of their land in that state.

This act contains no expression in any manner respecting the.privilege of exemption from taxation which was annexed to those lands by the act, under which they were purchased and settled on the Indians.

In 1803, the commissioners under the last recited act sold and conveyed the lands to the Plaintiffs, George
Painter and others.

In October, 180&, the legislature passed an act repealing that section of the act of August, 1758, which exempts the lands therein mentioned from taxes. The lands were then assessed, and the taxes demanded. The Plaintiffs thinking tbemselvs injured by thi assessment, brought the case before the Courts in the manner pre-
scribed by the laws of New Jersey, and in the highest Court of thcstate, the validity of the repealing act was
affirmed and the land declared liable to taxation. The
cause is broutght into this Court by writ of error, and the question here to be decided. is, does the act of JSo0 vmlate the constitution of the Unitect Stateq.

The constitution of the United States declares that no state shall " pass any bill of attainder, ex Tostfacto law,
or law imlairing the obligation of contracts."

In the case of Fletcker v.. Peck, -itwas -decided in this

Court on solemn argument and much deliberation) thaot

this provision of the constitutionextends to contracts-to

which a state is a partyi as well as -tocontracts between

in1dividuals. The question then'is narrowed to-the en-. quiry whether in the case stated, a contract existed

and. whethier

that

contract

is

violqtedby
1.

the actof 1804.

Every requisite'to the formation of a contract isTbund in the pr9ceedings betweei; the then colonv -of NevJersey and the Indians. The subject was a purchase on-the part off.the, gqyernment of extensive claims of tim Indians, the extinguishment of which would quiet the'tit to alarge-poftion dltge province. A- propat,
sifion to this effect is pade, the t.rqs'stipulated, the

FEBRUARY TERM 1-M. consideration agreed upon, which is alract of land with STATE OF the privilege of exemption from taxation, and then m N. -jFBRsY consideration of the arrangement previously made, one Vo. .of which this act of Assembly is,stated to be, the Indians wivsoN., execute their deed of cession. 'This is certainly a con- ... tract clothed in forms of unusual solemnity rThe privilege, though for the benefit of tlie Indians, is annexed, by the terms which create it, to the land itself, not to their persons. It is for their advantage that it should be qnnexed to the land, because, in the event of a sale, on'which alone the question could become material, the value wodld be enhanced by it.
It is not doubted but that the state of New Jersey might have insisted on a surrender of this privilege as the sole condition on which a sale ofthe property should be allowed. But this condition has not been insisted on. The land has been sold, with the assent of the state, with all its privileges and immunities. The parchaser succeeds, with the assent of the state, to all the rights of the Indians. He stands, with respect to this land, in their place and claims the benefit of their contract. This contract is certainly impaired .by a law which would annul this essential -part of it.
Judgment of tLe Court. Tlis'causb came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the writ of error of the state of New Jer sey, and was argued by counsel on the partof the Plain,. tiffs in-error on consideration whereof. it is the opiiion of the Court, that there is error in the judgment of the said Court of errors in this, that the judgment of the said Court is founded on an act passed by the legi lature of the state of New.Jersey, in December, 180 4s-f, entitled. "cAn act to repeal part of an act respecting lands purchased for the Indians ;" which act$ in the opinion of this Court is fepugnaut to the constitution of the United States, in s much as it impairs the obligation of a contract, and is, on that account, void. It is therefore considered by the Court, that the saidjudgment be reversed, and annulled, and that the cause be remanded to the said Court of errors, that judgment may be rendered therein annulling the assessment in the .proeeedings mentioned, so far as the same may respect the land in the said proceedings also mentioned.

FEBRUARY TERM 1812.

without argument. There was no appearance for the m.'KL'

Defendant.

Iv.

VOOIIHIES.

.March i1t .... Jll the Judges being present,

TODD, J.stated the opinion of the Court to be, that the State Court had no jurisdiction to enjoin a judg-
ment of the Circuit Court pf the United States, and that. the Court below should be ordered to issue the writ of aberefacs.

BEATTY v. THE STATE OF MARYLAND.
E!_

1812. March 1sth

Preent....qll the Judges.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district OfAfinalaccount

Columbia, sitting in Washington.

settled by an admlnistratoL.

wtli the Or-
This wa$ an action of debt brought at the instance phan's Court, and for the use of Thomas Corcora·n against Thomas siisvneoetvcidoenncclueBeatty upon the administration bond of Mrs. Doyle, I hsfavorup administratrix, with the will annexed, of Alexander i&s - Le
Doyle. 'The Defendant was one of her iritieg in that v~tavit vlin bond. The Defendant after oye pleaded a special
performance of every item in the condition of.the bond;

To which the Plaintiff replied a judgment de ionis testatons obtained by him, in May, 1799, against the admnn-

istratrix, fieri facias upon that judgment and return of

nulla bona. The replication also avers that the' adaumstratrixhadinherhands, atthe time ofthe indi mentggaodi of her testator sufficient to satisfy the deitibut ti it sue -wastei!them. The Defendant took igsa upnii the de,vastavit.

Upon the trial of this issue, the Defewlant below took

a bill of excepsions which stated-that the Plaintiff of-

fered in evidence the record of the judgment in May

1799, against the admimstratrix for 357 dollars, and

the fieri facias returned nulla boa. And also the 7n-en-

tory which she had .exhibited to the orphans Court of

Montgomery county, in Maryland, in ,anuary, 1795.

VOL. VII,

37

SUPREME COURrP U. S.

VETATTY
v. STATI 01
]VIARY'D.

amountingro 1.3701 2 7 Maryland carrency, o'whibl 2001. is stated in the inventory to be cash. Als6 an account of the administratrix with the dst~te of her testator, reixdered by her to the Orphan's Cburt upon oath on the 17th of August, 1799, in which she charges herself with the sum of 10851. ny addition to the former inventory, making in the whole 47861. and claims credit for sumn paid to otlhr creditorn whose claims'were not entitled to peeference, anmounting to 35661.,--laving a balance still in her hands of 12201. equal to 325S dollars, and also a second account rendered -by her upon oath to the Orphan's Court in November, 1799, chargiig herself 'with. a further sum of assets to the -amount of 1.163 15 5 in addition to the former balance and clpuning credit for 1.607 16 11 paid to sundry creditors not entitled to preference, and still leaving a badance; of 761. in her hands to be administered. The Defendant llien offered in evidence, . third account rendered by the administratrix to the Orphan's Court in 1801, in which the charges hmerselfwith the former'balance of 761. and clhmis allowance for payments and commissions to the amount of 1-031. leaving a balance in her favor of 171. To tlfis account, 'as well as to the two former, was annexed a certificate from the registep of wills, that the admninistratrix made oath on the ]Eolv Evangels of Alimightv God, that the acr-ount was just. and true as it stood stated, 4nd that she had bonafide paid or,secured to be paid the several suns for which she claimed an alldwance 'rtl)hich after due exannization passed Iy order of Court."

This account was offered as conclusive evidence for the Defendant on the issue. But the Court instructed the .iry that ft was .not conclusive evidence in favor of the Defendant upon that issue, and further at tye fequest of the Plaintiff's counsel, instructed the jury that the said record of the judgment, the inventory and the two accounts of the adninistratrix offered in evidence on the part of the Plamiffiwere conclusive evidence in his favor to prove the devastaTit on the part of the adliinistratrix, to the amount of the Plamtit's claim to ghmich instructions of the Court the Defendant excepted, aid the verdict and judgment being against hiir !4e brought hWs writ of xrror,

FEBRUARY TERM iP*

F S. KEY, for'tl, Flanitififn error

BEA'T. TY

The question is whetlier the final settlement -of ttie STATE OF

administration account is conclusive-

MR .

If the Court has a power to pass. suelx an account-if it be a Court of competent jurisdictin, its sentence is oonclusive 'upon every other Court. The, sentence of the ecclesiastical Court is conclugve in England, as to a6l9l, m76a,tte7r8s.w,.6itrhaibnkirts, j7u6r0is-d--i,ctiTo.nR. . 11.2e5a, ke's Law of 1iv.

The orler of the. Court, settling the account is adudicud, not a jainisterial act.

Had the Orphan's Court power. to settle and adjlst the account?

By the act, of assembly of Maryland, of February, 1777, c. 8, which wAs in force At the time these letters of administration were granted, the Orphaii's Courts had all the jurisdiction and authority which the com1mussary general had before.

By the act of 1715, c. 39. sect. 2, the commissary

general was

to proceed according to

the laws of Eng-
3

,land,and to hold his Court once dvery two months. 1 y

the 3d section, he was to call- all executors and admin-

istrators to exhibit inventori( within three months, "withintwelve months next after ad-

ministration committed, and render and accounts to enforce obedience by

attachment for contempt. By the 7th and i8th sections, an account of the distributioni to the

County Courts. lie is to By transmit the 27th 'section there was an ap-

peal to the Governor from the sentence of the qomnis-

sary general.

By the 31th section, the deputy commissaries had audit anul allow all such accounts as should come before power them to it pass, relating to dead men's estates," not exceeding 501. provided there were no controversy thereovi, but.if any person claiming any interest in such estates should object to any articles of the account, the deputy commissary was to send it, with all papers, &c. to the commissary general. "before

284

SUPREME COURT. U S.

BEATTX uhom all parties are to appear and defend their snterest." v. By the 40th section, the prerogative Court (winch was
STATE OF the commissary general's Court) had like authority in zu.tiry'D. enforcing obedience to its process, orders, interlocutory
sentences and decrees, as the high Court of Chancery
had.

By the act of I718, c 5, the person entitled to the residue of an estate may, after 12 months from the date of the letters of administration, sue ;,fop such residuary "part as shall appear to be due by such accounts as "shall then be made up."

This jurisdiction over accounts appears also in the practice of the commissary's Court, as stated in the deputy commnissary'sguzde, p. 45 to 49, which shows, also that the settlement of the account by that Court was always holden to be conclusive upon the County Courts. In the appendix p. 198, ig the form of a spucial commission to pass an account. It appears also that all the vouchers are to be surrendered and filed upon passing the account. This shows that it must be conclusive, for nothing could be more unjust than to oblige A-man to be always ready to account and to support his account, after taking from him all his vouchers.

DUvALL, J.

The account was pnly binding upon the representatives of the estate, the dfitributees, and they might still open it in the general Court. But the creditors are no parties'to the settlement of the account, and cannot bo bound by it.

There can be no .doubt tlhat the judgment against the administratrix, the inventory and two first accounts were conclusive evidence of a devastavzt.
fAusnALL, Ch. J. HbLelieve that is the law throughout the United States.

The Court is unanimously of opinion that the settlement ofthe account by the Orphan's Court is notcoaclusive evidence for theefendant upon the issue joined.

Tudgmnent qfliined.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

EtILKER V.
rAMMR.

After the opinion was delivered, P B. Key meiiton ed that in the opinion the Court had said that an account ought to be taken, but the decree only directs
that the proceedings below should be according to law.

*We wish for leave to answer fully before an account be taken, and wish it may be understood that this Court does not mean to preveiit a further- answer.

MASH.ALL, Ch. JT That is the meaning of'the Court.

isi2,
March 10th.

BARNITZ'S LESSEE v. ROBERT CASEY.

Present....qfl the Judges.

Thestatute of ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of 51a-

Maqyland has rylandq in an ejectmeit brought by the lesst e of Barnitz not declared against Casey, to try the title of Barnitz to certain real
how an mites. tate estate estate in Baltimore.

shall descend,
which was de- The facts of the case were stated by STORY,
tived to the
Itate from Vering the opinion of the Court, as follows
his half bro-

. in deli-

tiler, or irom
his brother of On or about the 6th of Feb. 1780, Daniel Barnitz died the whole seized of the premises ih the declaration mentioned, hay-
blood, orfrom
L/is son or ing, by-his will, devised the same to his wife, Catharine daughter, or Barnitz. in fee, and leaving issue, by his said wife, an
from his wife,
but such e- 'only chil'd and heir, Elizabeth. Barnitz, who intermarstates are left ried with one Charles ,OPConnell, by whom she had all to descend as only child, John. XcConelt; after whose birth, and
at common
la%,w. sometimein 1781, Charles01,IConnelldied. Afterwards, Is A devise to widow, Elizabeth, intermarried with one John Hanmond,
A. in tee, and
it' he shall die by whom she had one child only, .tohnBarnitzHammond. qnder the age and died on the 22d of April, 1788. After her death, of 21 years, , H and without 0oh71 Hammond intermarried with Elizabeth Agnderson, issue, then to and died on the 7th of April, 1805, leaving issue by
B. in fee, " a
.oedxecuto. the lst marriage, Jane B. ttammond and Henry Hamry evise; n , his heirs at law, who are now alive, under whom if B. die be-the Defendant in qlectment claims. On tile 7th of April.
fore the eon-
tlgencyhap- '179-, Catharate Barnit- died seized of the premise.,

FEBRUARY TER4 iSis

having first 'duly made herlast will and testament. By l3ARNIT!P that Wiill she devised to the said John JI.Con LESSmE

ne, in fee, two certain parcels of land& She then de- T.

vised another parcel of lands including her mansibn- tsBY

house to the said John Barnitz Hammond, to the intent
and uses following, viz. subject, (as to "the rents thereof)" pvoel"v,esitupdoen-, to certain trusts for the maintenance and education Of biera

the said John Barnztz Hammond, and for the payment so frmi hclt

of certain spe,'ific deb'ts of the testatiix, - to the thutioniugt-

6 use of John Hammond, the father, for and during cy happen,

" the minority of the said John B. Hammond, if he shen it vests

so

long;6schLailvl e,shpll rovideds theIonsaabisdolJuotehlyn

Hammond him

in
only lvho

66 shall maintaGn clothe and -educate th, said John B; bhailnnsfleelfnh-meirakteo

4 Hammond, out of the rents thereof during his mino- h. the txecu-

$" rity, and from and immediatelv after the said JohnB. tory devi ea. 66 Hammond shall arrive to the ago of 21 years, or the Ait ndbea.tlhtheoul~gihr

- death of tle sail John Hammond, his father, which at lawof B. "shall first happen," then to the said John B. Ham- ytoerzythdeeveixseecu-

inond in fee. The testatrix then provides, " and if it thos devovin

- should hereafter happen that the said John 0f.Connell oi him, is lnot

6should

die before

he

shall arrive

to

the

ago

of 21

years3

pmreecreeddenit

the es-

" and without issue, then I give, devise, and bequeath tate, but.on " all the estate of the said John OI,Connell, which is the death of
A. devolves wd
cc hereby dvised to him, to go immediately to the said the next heir "9John B. Hanrnwnd, his heits and assigns forever, of B. One te-

" And if it should hereafter happen that the said John nannot cc B. Hamniondshould die, before lie shall arrive to the maintain eject"c age of 21 years, and without issue, then and in such ment against
his o-tenant,
"6case, after the payment of my debts as above mention- without !ctual "c ed, I give, bequeath, and devise," &c. (the same land ouster-

and mansion-house befor- divised to John B Hammnond) ,6to the said John Hammond, is heli's and assigns for-

" ever, and also all the residue of estate herein before " or after devised to the said John B. Hannnond, and

" not hereby otherwise disposed of, I then, and in such cc case, give and devise the same to the said John

s; Al.Gonnell, to hold to him, his heirs and assigns 4or46ever, from and immediately after the death of the said

" John B. Ihmmond as aforesaid, and in case of the

i death of both of my grandsons, under age and with-

c out issue as aforesaid, then I give, devise, and beat queath all that part of my estate whuch I have herein

6 before given tq the said Tuha Mi Connel, to Charles

" Barnitz, of," &c. "to hold to him, his heirs an at,. 6, signs forever."

VOL. VIJ.

SUPREME COURT Uo S;

AiNiITz's
LESSEiE v.
CASEY.

The testatrix then provides for the payment of her debts, by a.sale, if necessary, of some of her 'ots of land, on or near church-hill, in Baltimore, and then
proceeds, "cAnd I give and devise all the rest -- and residue of the said lots on or near church-hill
"aforesaid, -and all my estate therein (subject necc vertheless to thedevises aforesaid) to my said grand" sons John .4f, Connell and John B. Hammond, their heirs 6and assigns forever, to be equally dilided between " them, share and share alike, as tenants in common,
" and not as joint tenants." After some intermediate bequests, the testatrix devises "all th rest, residue, " and remainder of her estate, real and personal, to the
, said John .M,'Conneland John B. Hammond, their heirs "6and assigns forever, to be equally, divided, between " them, share and share alike."

John ,7it'ConneU attained his full age of 21 years, married, had issue, and afterwards on the 7th of April,
i802, died without leaving any surviving issue. And John B. Hammond died on the i2th of February, 1808, under the age of 21 years, and without issue.

The lessors of the Plaintiff are the children and heirs at law of Charles BarnitX, who was the only brother of
Daniel Barnitz, 'the testator. And upon the defect of lineal heius, the said lessors clim as next heirs, in blood, of Joh& L',Connell, on the part of his mother Elizabeth Barnitz, the daughter of Damel Barnitz. It is admitted that tli'inheritable blood is extinct on the part of
Charles.OfConnel4 the father of John J.,Connell.

At the death of John J3. Hammond, the property consisted of four descriptions, which it may be proper to enumerate.

:. The land specifically devised to John AI'Connell, with a limitation over to JohnB. Hammnond.

2. The land specifically-devised to John B. Hammond. with -a limitation over in fee to his father.

3. The moiety of the church-hill lots, and the rest duary estate devised to John .?f,'Cownell, in fee.

FEBRUARY TERM 1813.

h. The moiety of the church-hill lots, and the residu- EARNITZ'S

ary estate devised to JTohn B. lammond in fee, with a li- LESSED

mitation over to John .4,'Connell.

V.

CASEY.

At the thne of the death of Catharine Barnitz, (as she survived her daughter) her two grandsons, MConnell and Hammond, were her heir' at law.

IfAp.RE, for PEaintiffu&error

L. As to the devise to John .',Couneli, with limitation over, in case of his death under age, and without issue, to J. B. Havmond. This was a fee simple in McConnell, with a conditional limitation, and-not an estate tail. 1. Fearne on Contiugent Remanders, 9, iO, Dublin ed. 1795. id. 409. Powelt on Devises, 261. 7 T. It. 589. Shears V.Jfi'ey. Plowd.40 . 3 Co.ifO. Carthew,175. Dyer,127

Upon J. . nnuelPs arrival at full age he had an absolutc estate in fee, because the condition never could happen which was to defeat his estate.

As he took by purchase, and not by descent, and aq at the time of his death lie left neither child, nor brother or sister of the whole blood, the estate descended, according to the-4tatute of descents in Maryland, to his brother of the half blood, John B. Bunniond.

J. B. Hammond took it by descent, through his mo. ther, and therefore the estate descemuled to hm ,, on the part of his mother," withih the meaning of the statute.

He certanly took by descent, and not by purchase, and the commtne mawuluim, wich connected him with his brother, must be traced through his mother.

The statute was intended to prevent escheats pro defectu sanguims, and to provide for all cases.

The legislature meant to comprehend all cases in three classes.

1. Where the estate had descended to the intestate, on the part of the father

-. Where it had descended, on thepartofthe mother; and

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ARNITeZ S 3. Where it had vested in the intestate by pmrchase, LESS E and not derived from or through any of his ancestors.

".

CASEY.

The Court will not suppose that the legislature has omitted to provide for the case where the estate has descended from a brother to a brother, but will rather place the present case in the secorld class.

Thelegislature did not mean to limit the2d class to cases where the estate had dcscendedfi'omthe nother,becauseit provides, that if there be no child or.descendant of the intestate, the estate shall go to the mother And it would be absurd to say, that an estatewhichhad descendedfiont the mother, should descend again to the Inother. So if the
estate had descended from the mother's father directly to th, mother's son. it would be-an estate which had descend-
ed to the son on the part of his mother, and yet it had not descended either from or through his mother, for the estate had never vested in her, The statute must mean every case where the blood must be traced through
the mther , every case where the mother is a link of the chain which connects tie intestate with the person from whom the estate descended to him.

This estate, therefore, must he understood, as having descended to J. B. arm mlond,. oa the part oj Ins mother
and therefore, inasmuch as at his death, lie left ncther child nor descendant, nor ipother, nor brothcr or sister of the blood of the mother, nor descendant of such brofler or sister, nor grandfather on the part of the mother, nor descendant of such grandfather, nor father of such grandfathr, and inasmuch as the lessors of the Plaintiff are the descendants of the father of such grandfather, the estate must, by the provisions of the statute, descend
to then.

2d. The devise to John .AD'Connell, in fee, of the moiety of the church-hill lots, and of the general residuum, vested in him a fee simple estate from the beginning. He ook by purchase under the will. It dt.scended to J. B.
Rammona by the same rule of descent as in the former case, and by the same construction of the statute has descended from hiini to the Plaintiffs,

3d. The third case under this will, is that of the spe-ific devise to J. B. Ilamnond, with limitation over,, in

FEBRUARY TERM 1813.

case of his death under age and without issuep to John .TtConnell.
.B. Hammond died under age and without issue, so that the fee devised to him was defeated, and would have vested immediately in John X.MConuell, if he had been alive, but he died in the life time of 3. B. Hammond. In whom then did it vest? By the rules of the common law, Ja4n MConnell had such an interest in the devise, as was descendible to his hei's. Who were his heirs Not they who were such at the time of his death, but they who answered the description of his heirs at the time of the death of J. B. Hammond. 2 Fearne, 529. td. 535. 2 Wilson, 29. Goodrght v. Searle.

ARNITZS
LEssEE
IV, CASEY.

John MConnell, if lie had been alive at the time of
the. death of J.B. Hammond, would have taken the fee by purchwse, and the lessors of the Plaintiff were the only persons who could at that time entitle themselves as his heirs, there being no heirs of the paternial line then living,

MAeRTn and PnmNuEY, Attorney General, contra.

The executory devises were void, because the contingency is the dying ,,without issue" indefinitely, and
not limiting it to the case of dying without learmng is-
sue alive at the time of his death. i Fearne, ul. 2 Fearne, 74.. 144-5, 154. 1 Sid. 148, Cotterson-o.Righjt.
I.Bac. Jib. 251. (Gw'illim's Ed.) 2 Fearne, 187, 358. 1 P Wins. 198, Nichols -v.Hdoper 2 Fearne, 245. 2Fearne,206. 159.1.54. 1.6ff. 2 H. Bl.358.

The limitations over being void. each took an absolute fee simple in the lands devised to him.

Upon the death of John.MiConnell, the estate descended, according to the provisions of the statute, to J. B.
Hammond, who took, not by way of descent at common law, but by force of the statute. The preamble of the statute shows that the legislature meant to abolishi the law of descents altogether,

The expression "con the part of the mother," means, from or through the mother. Now this estate never came to 3. B. Hammond from or through his mother Under

-SUFREME COURT U. S.

DAMVITZ's LEssEE
V. CASEY.

the 3d branch of the statute, every estate which comes to an intestate, 16 and not dervedfrom or through either
-c of his ancestors," is supposed to have come by pmrchase, and is to descend accordingly This estate was
not derived to the intestate, J. B. Hammondi from or
through either of his ancestors, and therefore is to de-
scend as f it came to hin by purchase. This construc-
tion makes the statute Provide for All cases, whereas the construction insisted upon by the Plaintiffs, leaves he cases where the estate has descended or passed by force
of'the statute from brother to brother of the whole
blood, or from son to father, or from husband to wife, or from wife to husband, wholly unprovided for, for these are not cases of purchase, nor of descent from ancestors.

If, howevev, the case of Hammond be casus onussus, then the estate may descend at- common law through
tie line of his father.

One argument of the Plaintiff's counsel was built upon flie absurdity of supposing that the statute directed an, state to descend to the mother, which,had already descendedfiom her. But the statute only directs it to descend to the mother, by way of illustration, so as to
lead to the heir

But if the' limitations over were good, then John ·iConnell died seized -of an hereditament, a descendible interest, which went to his heir. Who was his heir1 This same J. B. Hammond, so that either way the 'absolute estate in fee vested in him as a purchaser, and
descended to his heirs. Again, the 3d section of the statute declares, c that no right in the inheritance shall
"accrue to or vest in any person, unless such person is "in being, and capable in law to take as heir at the time "of the intestate's death." Now thess Plaintiffs were not " capable in law to take as heirs" to John M, Connello" at the time of his death." So that they are prohibiteid by the-statute from taking the benefit of this executory devise, even if they could do so by the common law. Under the statute J. MCi'onnel had, at his death, an inheritable interest in the land devised to J. B. Hammond, with limitation over. The statute makes no difference between vested and contingent interests ;Ahey
all descend alike.

FEBRUARY TERM is3.
But there is a fatal objection to the Plaintiff's recovery IiAItqITz's in this case. The lessors of the Plaintiff are tenants YEssE.E in common with the Defendants, and one tenant in corn- '. mon cannot maintain ejectment against another, without cAsY. proof of actual ouster Such ouster is not proved.
IAutPER, vt reyly.
The Defendants have confessed lease, entry und ouster, and therefore, an actual ouster need not b.e proved.
The whole questiont -is as to the meaning of the words " descend on the part of the mother."
There are only two modes of acquiring property, viz. by purchase and by descent, "bv the act of the party, 6r by adt of law.
Descents are either lineal or collateral. Lineal is from the ancestor in the direct descending line. Collateral, is where you first ascend to the common ancestor, and then descend until you find the heir.
The construction of the statute adopted by- the Defendants, allows only one kind of dcscent-lineal. The statute uses the mord ",descent' generally, comprehending both kinds. It says from or through either of his ancestors. " From" applies to lineal descent, ·,through" to collateral. If the statute includes collateral descents, there is an end of the question. If a man takes an estate by reason of his mother, he takes through his mother. If a man takes as great grandson from I. S. the estate has not passed through the father or grandfather, yet lie takes thron5 h them. So in tracinq. a collateral descent,' the estdte does not go through the intermediate links, yet the heir claims through them.
As to, the executory devises. The c'rntingency was not too renote nor indefinite. It must be determined Within 21 years. If the contingency had been simply dyzng without zssue, there would be weight in the objection, but it is dying -under age, and without issue, so that if le came of age, or had issue, the estate became absolute. -Here are not two conditions, but two facts making one condition.

SUPREME COURT U. S,

YAVXITz,s LESSEE
V.
CASEY.
---

The Plaintiffs do not take as heirs, but as purchsers under the will by the descriptiorr of their persons, if they answer the description of heirs at the time the contingency.happens on which the executory devise takes effect, they must take. A possibility is not de-
scendible. They take as -purchasers. This is an an-
swer also to the objection raised upon the 3d section of the statute- They do not claim as heirs, and therefore are not 'within the statute. The statute refers to their natural capacity to take. It alludes to the disability of
alienage, attaint, &c. and was intended to exclude posthumous children in cases of collateral descent.

Afarch lith 18i3. Present....MARSXU$ Ch. . WAsITxNTol, DuvAiJ, aud STORY, 3.

The Court having taken time since last term to advise,

STORY, J. (after stating the facts of the case,) delivered the opinion of the Court as follows

It is true, that the general rule is, that an heir shall
not take by devise, when he may take the same estate in the land by descent. i Roll. .Abr 626.1. 30. Hob. 30. 1 Salk. 242. : B1.Rep. 22.

But it is not denied that all the estates which each of the grandsons derived under the will, were estates by purchase. Admitting the executory devises over to be good, there could be no doubt as to any part of the estates ; for the estates are of a quality different from what' Ahe parties would have taken in the course of descent.

It has been argued by the Plaintiff's counsel, upon the foregoing facts, that as to the whole estate immediatelv devised to John MConnell, the lessors of the Plaintiff are entitled to recover, in the events which have happened, as his heirs ex partematerna, and that as to the estate devised to him upn the contingency of
the death of John. B. Hammond under age and without issue, the lessors of the Plaintiff are entitled to recover as the heirs atlaw of John MConnell, at the rime when the contingency happened, although not heirs at the
time of his death.

FEBRUARI TERMI 1813.

The decision of these points depends upon the true i3ARNITZ'

constructun of the statute of descents of Maryland, mESSEE

and the apl.lication thereto of the principles of the com- T.

mon law.

CASEY.

This statute of descents, (1786, ch. I5,) after reciting that tue L.w of descents which originated with the feudal sy.lein and'military tenures, is contrary to justice, and ought to'be abolished, enacts, "ThaLt if any person seized of an estat-c-," &c. ,shall die intestate thereof, suctu lands," &c. ,shall descend to the kindred, male and femiale, of such person, in the following order, to-wit Firsi, to the child or children, and their descendants, if any, equally, and if'no child or descendant, adld the estate descended to the nitestate on the part of the father, then to the. father and if no father living, then to the Urothors and sisters of the intestate of the blood of the father, and their descendants equally, and if no brother or sister as aforegaid, or descendant from such brother or sister, then to the grandfather on the part of the-father, and if no such grandfather living, then to the descendants of such grandfather and their descendants, 7'1 equal degree equally, and if no descendant of such grandfather, then to the father of such grandfather, and if none such living, then to-the descendants of the father of such grandfather in equal degree, ind .so on, passing to the next lineal male paternal ancestor, and if none such, to his descendants in equal degrre, without end And if no paternal ancestor, or descendant from such ancestor, then to the mother of tihe intestAte, and if no mother living, to her descendants in equal degree equally, and if no mother living, or descendants from such mother, then to the maternal ancestors and fheir descendants in the same manner as is above directed'as to the paternal ancestors and their descendants. .8n4 ifthe estate descended to the intestate on the part ofthe mothe?, and the intestate shall die without any child or descendant as aforesaid, then the estate shall go to the mother, and if no'mother living, then to the brothers ,and sisters of the intestate of the blood of the mother,

and their descendants in equal degree equally, and if no

such brother- or sister, or descendant of such brother

or sister, then,to the grandfather on the-part of the mo-

thei., antl if no such grandfather living, then to bIs de

scendants in equal degree equally, and if no such de.

V0 . VII;-

60

SUPREME COURT UI. S.

Bi UNITZ'S
i.EssEEo
IV.
CASEY.

scendant of sich grandfather, then to the father of such grandfather, and if none such living, then to bif descendants in equal degree, and so on, passing to the next mail maternal ancestor, and if none such living, to his descendants in equal degree, and if no such maternal ancestor, or descendantfrom any maternal ancestor, then to the.father of the intestate, and if no rather living, to his descendants in equal degree equally and if no father lising, or descendant from the father, then to the patelnal ancestors and their dcscendaits, in the same manner as is above directed as to the maternal ancestors."

"c-nd-if the estateis or shall be vested tit the vntestate his purchase, and not dem-ed froL or through either of his ancestors, and there be no child or descendant of such intestate, then the estate shall descend to the brothers and sisters, of such intestate of the whole blood, and their descendants in equal degree equally, and if no brother or sister of the whole blood, or descendanit from such brother or sister, then to the brothers and sisters of the half blood and their descendants, in equal degree equally, and if no brother or Aister of the whole or half blood, or any descendant from such brother or sister, thei. to the father, and ifino fatherliving, then to the mother, and if no mother living, then to the grandfather on thepart of the father, and if no sucli grandfather living, then to the
dlescendants of such grandfather, in equal degree equally, and if no such grandfather, or any descendant from
hin, then to the grandfather on the part of the mother, and if no such grandfather, then to his descendants in equal degree equally, and so on without end, alternating the next male paternal ancestor and lns descendants, and the next male maternal ancestor and Ins descen-
dants, and giving preference to the paternal ancestor and his descendants, and if there be no descendants or kindred of the intestate as aforesaid to take the estate, then the same shall go to the husband or wife, as the case may be, and if the husband or wife be dead, their to his or her kindred in the like course as if such husbapd or wife had survived the'intestate, and then had died entitled to the estate by purchase, and if the intestate has had more husbands or wives than one, and all shall die before such intestate, then the estate shall be equally di iided among the kindred of the several husbandt or wives in equal degree equally"

FEBIUARY TERM 1813.
Three classes of cases are here in terms provided BARNITzs
for.
1. "Estates descended to the intestate on the part of CAsFY. cc the father."
2. " Estates descended to the intestate on the part of ccthe mother."
3. "Estates vested in the intestate by purchase and ,,not derived from or through either of his ancestors."
The descent of an estate of purchasp, from brother to brother, and from a son to a parent, wherr the brother or the parent is the propositus, is not directly within the language of the statute. For, by the common lv. a descent from brother to brdther is held to be an immediate descent, and not fiom or through the parents, and the express provision of the statute of Maryland as to estates of purchase, necessarily involves the'same conclusion, and the same may be declared of a descent from a child to a parent under the same statute.
It has been argued that the legislature intended to form a complete scheme of desce:-ts, and that the Court ought not to construe any case to be a casus ornisst, it by any reasonable construction the words can be extended to embrace it. Bothparties accede to this argument, but they apply it in a very different manner. The Plaintiffs contend that the descent from brother to brother was meant to be included in the first and second classes of descents, as the parents were the common link of connexion. from and through whom the consanguinity was to be sought; that therefore the descent, n,. such case, is ex-partdpate7ra,or inalerna. as'the father or mother happens to be the commune izncidum. And the Plaintiffs rely on the words ,and not derived from oi, throughi'ether of his ancesto"s," in the clause emibracing- the third class, as distinctly showing that the legislature deemed every case of descents to be completely within the preceding classes. On the other hand, the Defendants contend that wbatever*migl/t be the legislative supposition, it is mnpossible to support tho. Vosition, that a descent from brother to brother, or from child to parent, s,a descent ex-parle paternaor inater;tt.

SUPREME COURT U S,
DARNITZ'S It is therefore, either a casus onnssus, or the words EssEm ,,and not derived from or through either of his ances-v. tors" are to be considered not as qualil)mg and InitcAsEy. ing the preceding words, but as either constituting a fourth class of' cases, embracing all such as are not included in the three preceding classes, or as explaining estates by purchase to include all cases which are not patei nal or maternal descents.
There are certinlv intrinsic difficulties in admitting either of these constructions. I the legislature lave proceeded on a mistake, it would be dangerous to declare that a Court of law were bound to enlarge the natural import of words in ord- to supply deficiencies occasioned by that mistake It would br still more dangerous to admit fliat because the legislature have expressed an intention t foirm a scheme of descents, the Court were bound to bring every case vithin the specified classes. In the present case, equal violence would be done to the ordinary use of the terms employed by adopting the construction contended for by either party
It is not a descent fioan or through the paternal or maternal line, in the sense of the common law. Nor is it a purchase.
The words "and not derivedfroin or throm lheither of hts ancestors" are manifestly used as explanatory of the legalimport of purchase. They are the exact words which the common law selects to distingish the estate of a purchaser from the estate of an heir.
It is obvious that the legislature use the. words descent and pirchase in V eir technmcal and legal seitse. They have also expresqly provided fr the case of a desc,.nt from brother to brother passing by the parents, and of a parent from a,.child, when there are no brothers or sisterg. These descents must thprefore be direct and immediate: and the. former case is so- deemed also at the common law. It is therefore in nur judgment perfertlv clar, that a descent from brother to brother is not within. the statute, and'of course is a casus omissus, to be regulated by the common law.
To apoly this to the present case. By the arrival of John MConnell at the age of ui years, all the estates

FEBRUARY TERM 18i3.
devised to mm imrnediately became absolute estates in BARNITZ'I fie simple. On 1is death they passed* to his half bro- ussnL ther, John B. Hammond, and upon his death they pass- v. ed to the heirs at law of the latter. The lessors of the CASEY. Plaintiff have therefore made no sufficient title thereto.
Let us now consider the second question. whether the lessors of the Plaintiff have any title to the estates wnch were devised over to John M'Connell upon the contingency of John B. Hammond's dyig under age and without issue.
It has been argued by the Defendant's counsel that this executory devise is void because the contingency is tuo remote.
It is the acknowledged rule, that an executory devise as not too remote if the contingency may happen within a life or lives in being, or 21 years and a few months after.
In the present case the contingency must have happened within '21 years at all events. For if John B. Bammond attained bis full age the estate vested absolutely. To have defeated the estate over, it was sufficient either that he attained his fltll age, or died under age leaving issue. The authorities arc conclusive on this point. I 1is. 140, 270. 2 Burr 873. 1 Sauzd. 174. 5 Bos. and Put. 38. 12 East. 288, 2 Str 1175. There is no validity therefore in this objection.
In the next place it will be necessary to consider what is the nature of an executory devise as to its transmissibility -to heirs, where the devisee dies before the happening of the contingency
And it seems very clear that at commoit law, contingent rcmainders and executory devises are transmissible to the heirs of the party to whom they are linited, if he, chance to (lie befre the contingency happens. 1otlexfen 54. :1 Rep. 91. Cas. Temp. Talb. 117 In such case, however, it does not vest abs.lutely in the first heir so as upon his death t 9 carry it to his heir at law, who isnot heir at law of the first devisee, but it devolves from heir fo heir, and vests ahsolately in him only who can make himself heir to the first devisee at

SUPREME COURT U. S,
BtAI ITZ'S the time w hen the contingency happens, and the CxCLESSEE cutory dclIsO fals rito possession.
.. CASEY. Tins rule is adopted in analogy to that rule of dc-
sceint which reqires that a person who claims a fee simple by descent from one who was first purchaser ot the reversion or remainder expectant on a freehold estate, must jmake himself heir of such purchaser at the time when that reversion or remainder falls iito possession. Ca. Lit. 1I. (b.) f,, (a.) 3 Rep. k2. Nor does it vary the legal result that the person to whom the preceding estate is devised. happens to be the heir of the executory devisee, for though on the death of the latter the exectitory devise devolves upon him, yet it is not merged in the preceding estate, but expects the regular happening of the contingency and then vests absolutely in the then heir of. the executory devisee. The case of Goo(Iright v. Searle, 2 Wils. 29, is decisive on this point and indeed runs on all fours with the present.
But it is contended that the statute of descents of Maryland has changed the rule of the common law in this respect and has made the death of the intestate tie point of time fr-om which the descent and heirship are in every case to be traced. The thim'd section, which is relied on for this ,purpose, enacts as follows ,,That 6,no right in thw inheritance shall accrue to or vest in
lanyp' erson, other than to children of the intestate 4; and their descendants, unless such person is in being, " and capable in law to take as heir at th tiiiie of the
nmtestate's death, but any child or descendant of the intestate, born after the death of fie intestate, shall f,have the same right of inheritance as if 'born before - the death of the intestate."
In our judgment, lie conclusion drawn from this clause is not correct. The object of' the section is to limit the natural captwity to take, as heirs, to persons inibcing at the time of the death of the intestate, where the estate is then capable of vesting in possession, and not to make persons heirs, who, if in being at the time, Mould not, by the common law, answer the description of absolute heirs, or to, give a vested absolute ihterest, where the common law had given only a possible contingent interest. The legislature had in view cases of

FEBRUARY TEIRM IiS.

,71

postlunious children. and cases where a descent to an EARNITZ, heir had been defeated by the subsequent birth of a LEssEE nearer hen'. The argument of the Defendants; on this T; point, ought not, therefore to prevail. No question CASESY. has been made as to the land specifiedly devised to John . Hainniond in fee with a limitation over to his fatlier in fee. As that. limitation over was a good executory devise, and, in the events which happened, took effect, it is very clear that the lessors of the Plaintiff cannot chuim title thereto. This is indeed conceded on all sides.

Tie result of thus opinion according..y is, that the lessors of the Plaintiff are entitled, as heirs of John M,Connel!, at the happening of the contingency, on the death of' John B. Hammond, under age, and without issue, to one moiety of the Church-hill lands, and th residuary estates as tenants in common with the heirs of John B. Hammond, but they are not entitled to any portion of the lands of which John MiConnell had an absolute vested fee at the time of his decease.

As, however, a tenant in common cannot in general

maintain an action of ejectment a.aumst his co-tenant;

aanctduatlheoruestaerre annod ftaocttsakfeounitdouint

othf isth. ecagseenetoralprruoilvee,

an the

consequence is that the-.judgment, in the opinion of a majority of the Court. must be affirmed with costs.

BLACKWEILL -r.PATTON c ' ERWIN's r-F. ;ME. Isis.
March 6th

.lbsent WAStiYNGTO, J. and ToDD, T.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of Tennessee, i an action of ejectiltit brouight by tile lessee of Patton and Erwin, against Blackwell, for 5,000 acres of land, in Bedford county, in the state of Tennessee.
At the trial tile Defendant took three bills of exceptions. The first stated, that the Plantiff produced II cM-
deuce, at the trial, a deed of bargain and sale from 1. G. and Thimuss Blmnt. to wihom it was al-

By the laws of N. Carolina
and Tennessee adeedforland
ienxeTceuntendeswinee, N. Carolina, by grantors iesiding ther in the year 1794, proved(
_1797 byon
of the snb-

BiMd

SUPREME COURT I. S.

IBn valuable and large tricts of real estate, and ttven Prow. duce alienations of' them without any consideration 1 iu oR&whatever being received. It is better that-an individual THORN- should now and-then suffer by such mistakes, than to TON. introduce a rule against an abuse, of whlh, by impro-
per coIlusions, it would be very difficult for the public to protect itself. It is the opinion of this Court, that the decree of the Ciecuit Court be affirmed.

Feb. 15t.

HERBERT AND OTHERS WREN AND WIFE AND OTHERS.

Present...All the Judges except ToDD, J,

ERROR to the Circuit Court.for the district of cCohuarntcseryof Columbia, sitting at Alexahldria, in a suit in Chancery hve conCeburoru-ght by Richard Wren, and Susanna, his wife, who

re4- jurisdie- was the widow of Lewis Hipkins, deceased, and John with and Westley Adams, her trustees, against W' Herberti

cases of T. Swann, R..B. Lee, and W B. Page, (trustees of

14ower, especi- Philip R. Fendall, deceased) atid E. 1. Lee. Jos. Deane

41iy where.-

Greens

tition, disco- and F, ,reen,

-jiery, or ae; count is pray-
ed-andin

The case was stated by MARSHAL,

Gh, T. (in de-

of sale where liverifig the opinion of the Court) as follows:
the paftieg are
sumin thgras Tins suit was brbuglt by Richard Wken, and. Susan-

ahouldbegiven na, his wifej formerly the wife Qf Lewis Hipkiis, pray-

tk lieu of ddw-

er.

mg that dower may be .asgned her in a tract of land

Iadeviseof of which her former husband died seized, and which

andm tot-
gra to the

has since been sold and conveyed to the Defendant, Jo-

widow, appear seph Deane, or that a just equivalent in money may be fro"'circum-decreed her in lieu thereof,

intended m
lieu of dower'. The material circumstances of the case are these.
she mustmake her eleeton,
and cannot Lewis Hipkins being seized as tenant in common kebOth. with Philip Richard Fendall of one thn'd of a tract of erawhoisfbeasjdoiinnll"aunr d lying in the county of Fanfa~x Iiy his dted exe-

FEBRUARY TERM i813.

cuted by himself and wife, leased the same to Philip HEf;lERT

Richard Fendall for the term of thirteen years, to corn- &OTHERS, mence on the first of September, in the year 1,791, at %.

the annual rent of :1401.

WREN

&OTHERS.

In the year 1791 Lewis Hipkins departed this life, having first made his last will and testament in writing, a lese for is which he devised both real and personal estate to his s"n ett wife fse real estate for her life, with remainder to his etoiel rthe

three daughters.

rAentC. ourt of

Chancery can-

To hi two sons he devised the preimlses in question, not allow a

and added that if, during the minority of his sons, Phl- purchase oe-

lip R. Fendall should erect thereon another, water mill ney in lieu of

or

water

mills,

his

desire

was

that his sons

or

the

sur-'lower, when
'- the estate is

vivor of them should, at the expiration of the lease for sold, unless by

years made to the said Philip pay one third part of ateh"epacrotniseesnt roaftea--ll

value of such mill or mills, and in default of payment resed. that P R. Fendall should be permitted to hold the same at the presenlt rent until the value should be received.

He directed his two tracts of land in Loudon to he sold for the payment of his debts, and appropriated the annual rent accruing on the lands leased to P R. Fen-
dall to the education and maintenance. Qf his children,

The testator then adds the following clause:

" If it should so happen- that the remaiing part of my estate not herein bequeathed should prove insufficlent to pay all just demands against my estate, then my will and desire is that my executors shall sell as much of my real and personal estate as may be necessary to make up the deficiency, and that they shall sell such parts as will divide the loss among my representa:tives as nearly as may be in proportion tb the property
bequeathed to-thim and.each of them."

On the iSth day of December, in the year 1797, Susanna Ilipkius. then the widow of Leis Hipkins, conveyed her dower in the premises in question and dlso in the land devised to her for life by her deceased hushand to the Plaintiffs, John Adams and Westley Adams, ,intrust for her.use.

S'tJRM~ COURT U.. S.
UiAbtni T In the year 1803 P R. Fendall and Walker Muse in& omirRs stltuted a suit against the execitors and children of
v. Lewis Hipkins, deceased, and in the month of June in wRBN that year the cause came on to be heard by consent of &OTHERS. p rties, when the Court decreed that the whole estate of
Lewis Hipkins be sold and the money broughtinto Court.
The report of the salb does not appear on the record, but an entry was made that the report was made and confirmed by the Court.
Under this decree the pre.mises were sold and con-veyed to the Defendant, E. L Lee, who purchased in trust for P R. Fendall, one of the executors of Lewis lipkins. On the deed of conveyance is a miemorandum stating that the property was sold subject to dower.
Lee conveyed the premises to the other Defendants, trustees of P R. Fendall, for the purposes of a trust deed which had been previously executed conveying to them the other two thirds of the same estate on certain trijsts in the deed recited.
The trustees sold and conveyed to the Defendant, Joseph Deane.
The bill states that the Defendant, Joseph Deane, bad not paid the purchase money, and was willing, should the Court decree dower in the premises, to give an equivalent in money in lieu thereof.
Soon after the trust deed from Susanna Hipkins to John and Westley Adams she intermarred with the Plaintiff, Richard Wren.
Philip R. Fendall continued to pay the Plamtiff, Su.ianna, during her widowhood, and the Plaintiffs, Richard and Susanna, after their intermarriage, one third part of the, rent accruing on the premises devised to hlin by Ilipkins and wife until the year iS03 since which he has refused or neglectedto pay the same.
The Defendants, the trustees of Philip Richard .Viidall, lie having deprted this life previous to the mititunon of tils suit, insist,

FEBRUARY TER I83.

I. That the remedy*of the Plamtifs, if they-have i

.ri

any, is at law, and'that a Court of equity can take no & oTIMR

jurisdiction of the cause-

V.

2. That the provision made by the will of Lewis Hip- &OTfrlS..

-kins for the Plaintiff, Susanna, .not .having been re-

-

nounced by. her, bars her right of dower in his estat.

The Defendant, Joseph. Deane, has put in no-answer, "und as against him the bill is taken as confessed.

The Circuit Court determined that the lim. of the Plaintiff, Susanna, to dower 'was not liarred, and decreed her a sum in gross as an equivalent therefor.

From this decree the trustees of Philip Richard Fen-.
dail have.appealed. The Plaintiffs also oblect to so much of the decree as refuses them rent on the premises, and 'have therefore taken out likewise a .writ of error.

E. I. IE, .forthe Frlhahttisft ernor

i. If the Complaidnit, Susanna, has any right of dower, her remedy was in a Court of law.

In a suit in Cfiancery, if a question of dower arise, and the right of do er be denied,,a Court of equity will send it to a Counst of law to be tried.

The Courts of the United States are forbidden by law, to exercise Chancery jurisdiction in a case in which there is a remedy at law. A Court of equity takes cognizance of no case of dower which does not inv1ie some peculiar ground of equity- such as discovery,
partition; account, &c,

Here was no prayer for discovery, nor partition, atid although an account was prayed, yet it.was unnecessa-
Vy Fo. nk. 19. 1 Br C. C. 326. 3 Atik. 130. -Oormel,v. Fortescue. a -Br C. V. 631. 2 Vez. Jr 124,.

2. She had no right to dower. H1er husband, Hipkins, had devised to her an estate for life, which appears, by the various'provisions i liis will, to have
Peen intended to be in lieu of dower The lands out of

SUPREME COURT U. S.
nnnRB.RT which dower is now claimed, he devised to his sonsa & OTHERS and also devised them for payment of his debts. He
v specifically devised away all his lands.
WREN
&OTHERS. In the case of .tmbler -o. .Nbton, & Hen. and .Mun. 23, tile devise was not expressly in lieu of dower, hut the fact was collected from the whole context of the will.
S. But if she had a right of dower, the Court had no authority to make a decree for part of the purchase money, without the consent of all parties concerned. SInst./ As.
R. I. TAYLOR, contra.
None of the facts upon which the claim of dower is founded'is denied by the answer. The denial of the right is founded on particular facts thereit'stated.
i. As to the jursdiction. at the present day Courts of law and equity have a concurrent jurisdiction in dower, if the facts are not denied upon whch the claim of- dower is founded, such as seizure, &c. In general a -Court of Chancery i the proper tribunal. A discqvery is alvnost always sought; partition is frequently required, and an account is generally taken. Comyns Dig, Tit. Chancery, E. .Mlitford, 109, 129. 1 Fonb. 24. 6 Bac. .db. 4M7. 2'Vet. Jr 12,2. There is no case in Virgitnal where.he jurisdiction has been denied.
In this case a partition was necessary, and that is a special ground of equitable jurisdictiQn.
But the property had been sold by order of Court, expressly subject to dower, and the deed to Deane contamed a covenant to indemnify hun against the claim of dower. A Court of Chancery can call allparties before -it, -and by decreeing a compensation in lieu of land, prevent circuity of action. The widow and the purchaser had consented to sucha decree. An account of rents and profits was also necessary. The act of Congress prohibiting the resort to Chancery where there is a remedy at lawo,is only an affirmance of a principle of the common law.

ABRUARY TERM 1813. But it is said that by joining in the lease for 13 years, -HERBRiFL'[ she barred her dower during the lease. This is not so. & oTHERS still had, a free nold of inheritance in the V. land, and died'seized Her husband thereof. And. the widow is enti- VREN tied to dower in -all lands of which the husband Was &6rHEJS. seized of the freehold of inheritahce during thd coverture. t Inst..32. Com..Dig. Tit. Dower, A. 6. But the most formidable objection arises upon the devJse to her by the will. That devise was not exprpssly in lieu of dower, nor is there such averrnent as thq.state of 'Virgmia requires. Tiierb is no averment that she accepted the lands devised in lieu -of dower; nor that her husband was seized of such an estate in those lands as would be a bar if she had accepted them. The decree of the Court was for a sale.of the -Whole real estate of her husband. It does not appear that the land devised to her was not sold as well as the rest. If it was she i' not barred of ,her dower. Co. Lit.: 8, (B.) Harg. note. Ridgeway's Rep. tern. Hardzicke--84!. Dormer v. Fortescue. Fbnb. 22. 6 Bac; 8b. 417"
But there is an error in'favor of the Plaintiff in errors and if'the cause should be sent back it ought tq b6 corrected. There was no allowance made for arrearages of rent.
As to the decree for money n'liei of land. Th6 widow was willing to receive i% and the Def.endanti Deane, tb pay it. If. there had noit been a decree .':o money, Deane would have been obliged to. pay the wliol purchase money to the trustees and then sue them for iX lIreich of covenant, and*recover back in damages -the value of the dower to be assessed by a jury. By ascetltdining that value in the first instance, this circuity -df action and loss of time are pre~ented; Wbether tbq, CE'rt'below ought themselves to ,have-fixed the valuie of the dower, or left it to be. ascertained by a master in chancery, or by a jury, we do Aot.pretend to say We' do not wish the decree .to be affirmed. -We hope the bill will not be dismissed, but sent back with instructions to allow us tim arrerages 6f rent with the profits tkdreon, and that an accoimt be taken accordingly.

376

SURMIF U@1VAT ~

Un-n13ERT C. LEE, in reply. & OTHERS

10.

The essential point Qt the case L9 that she il barred

WREi of her dower by her acceptance of 4 jointure under the

&U Qs, will. The act of assembly (Rev. Co. 180, § i) saya

66 that if any estate be conveyed by deed or will, either

expressly, or by averment, in lieu Qf dower," &c. "suh

conveyance shall bar her dower of the residue," &c. She has accepted her jointure and resides upon it. All the circumstances of the will show the intent to be/in lieu of her dower. By, averment, means by allegailon and proof delhors the will. I Inst. 36, (b) note. Woodeson Tit. IDoover HargraveCo. Lit.,36, ('b) note, I Br 0, C. 2t92, Pearsonv. Pearson.

IThe Court had no right to decree money in Ilieu of the land without consent of the creditors.

No arrearages of dower can be recovered for the time preceding the demand.
February26th....MARSHALL, Ck. J1. after stating the case, delivered the opinion of-the Court as follows

The material questions in the cause are

1. Has a Court of equity jurisdiction in the case?

2. Is the Plaintif, Susanna, entitled to dower?

a. If these points be in her favor what decree ought the Court to make?

According to the practice which prevails generally in England, Courts of equity and Courts of law exercise a concurrent jurisdiction in assigning dower. Many reasons exist in England in favit of this jurisdiction. one of which is, that partitions are made and accounts are taken in chancery in a manner highly favorable to the great purposes of justice. In this case dower is to be assigned in an undivided third part of an estate, oo that it is a case of partition of the original estate as well as of assignment of dower in the part of which Lewis lipkms died seized.

FEBRUARY X1R 101

An additional reason afiid a conclusive oii6 in -favoir utn.RTu bf the jurisdiction of a Court of equity is this. The & OTHERS lands are in' possession of a purchaser who has not yet V. paid the purchase money. A Court of law could ad.. wnni judge to the Plantiffs only a third part of the land it- &onTHES,
self. Now, if the Plaintiffs be willing to leave the purchaser undisturbed, to affirm the sales and to receive a compensatioh for her dower instead of the land itself, a
Court of equity ought never, by refusing its aid, to drive her into a Court of law and compel her fo'receive her dower in the lands themselves, Tins is therefore a proper case for application to a Court of' Chanceryi

2. It is perfectly clear that the provision made by Lewis Hipkmns in his last will is no bar to a claim of
dower for several reasons, of which it will be necessary
to mention only two.

i. It is not expressed to be made in lieu of dower.

2. It is not averred that she has accepted the pro. stn and still enjoys it.

3. It remains to inquire what decree the Court ought fo make in the case.

The first question to be discussed is thins. Is the PlaintifT, Susanna, entitled both to dower and to the provision made for her m the will of her late husband?

The law of Virginia has been construed to authorxz an averment that the provision in the will is made in
lieu of dower, and to support that averment by matter dehors the will. But, with the exception 'of this allowance to prove the intention of the testator by other
testimony than may be collected from the will itselt, the act of the Virginia legislature is not understood in any respect to vary the previously existing conunon law:

In the English books there are to be found many de.

cisions in which the widow has been put to her electioui

either to take her ower and relinquish the provision

made for her in the will, or to take that provision and pelinquish her dower. There are othe- casea in whwk

VOlT VII

4.9

378

SUPREME COURT U. S.

iEizniRT
& OTHEiRS
"V.
WRN &oTHERs.

she has been permitted to hold both. The principle upon which these cases go appears to be this
It is , maxim in a Court of equity not to peizmit tho same person to hold under and against a will. If tbore, fore it be manifest, from the face of the will, that the testator did not'intend the provision it contains for his widow to be in addition to her dower, but to be in lieu of it; if. his intention discovered in other parts of the w-ill must be defeAted by the allotment of dower to the widow, she must renounce either her dpwer, or the benefit shre claims under the will. But if the two provisions may stand well together, if it may fairly be presumed that the testator intended the devise or bequest to his wife as additional to her dower, then she May hold both.

The cases of Arnold v. Kempstead and wife, of Villarael and 'lord Galway, and -f Jones v. Collier and
others, reported hy Ambler, are all cases in which, uion the principle that has been stated, the widow was put to her election.

In the case under consideration neither party derives ny aid from extrinsic circumstances, and therefore the
case must depend on the will itself.

The.value iQf the provision made for the wife compared with the whole estate is not in proof but so tar as a judgment on this point can be formed on the evidence furnished by the will itself, it was supposed by him to be as ample as his circumstances would justify

The orjly fund provided for themaintenance and edu, cation of his five children is the rent of 1401. per anium, payable by P R. Fendall. Since he has made a distinct provision for his wife, the presumption is much against his intending that this fund should be diminish-
ed by being charged with her dower.

That part of the will, too, which authorizes P R. Fendall, in the event of building a mill and not receiving from the sons of the testator their half of its value, to hold the premises until the rent. should discharge that debt, indicates an intention that in such case the whole rent should be retained.

FEBRUARY TERM 1813.
The clause, too, directing the residue of his estateto TmuR,,i'r be sold for the payment of debts is indicative of an ex- & oTimRs pectation that the property stood discharged of dower, v. and is a complete disposition of his whole estate. The wnHN testator appears 'to have considered himself as at liber- &OTHEns. ty to arrange his property without any regard to the ,ucumbrance of dower.
Upon this view of the will it is the opinion of the majority of the Court that the testator did not intend the provision made for his wife as additional to her dower, and that she cannot be permitted to hold both.
She has not however lost the right of election. N9 evidence is before the Court that she has accepted the provision of the will, nor that she still enjoys it. Indeed there is much reason to suppose the fact to be otherwise. The decree of :.8035 does not except the lands decreed to her for life from its operation, nor is the Court informed by the evidence that those lands were not sold under it.
But if she had accepted that provision and still enjoyed it, there is no evidence that she considered herself as holding it in lieu of dower. On the contrary, she was in the actual perception of one third of the rent accruing on the lease held by P R. Fendall, and in the deed executed by her in 1797, before heir second mar-. riage, she conveys her dower in the lands leased to Fendall, and also her dower in the lands devised to her by her deceased husband. It is therefore apparent that she never intended to abandon her claim to dower.
The next enquiry to be made by the Court is, to what profits is the Plaintiff, Susanna, entitled in consequence of the detention of dower?
It is unnecessary to decide whether, in general, a person claiming dower from a purchaser can recover profits winch accrued previous to the institution of her suit. In this case the Plaintifr was in the actual enjoyment of dower. She received one third of the rent ac cruing from the premises for nine years; She was therefore in full possession of her dower estate, and when afterwards the land was sold under a decree of a

SUPREME COURT U. S.

0 riuaw & OTEMUS
v.
vRB.N
&oTIERs.

Court, P R. Fendall was one7 of the'executors who made tile sale, and was himself in effect the purchaser of the estate. Upon no principle could he justify the refusAl to pay that portion of the rent which was equal to her doWer in, the- land, unless on the'pnncaple that she was - Qt entitled to dower. In this case therefore the Plaintiff is entitled to one third of it0l. per annum for the remaining four years of the lease under which P 14 Fendall held the land, anil to an account for profits after the expiration of the lease.

But th6 Plaintiff, Susanna, cannot claim the profits on her dower and hold any portion of the particular estate devised to her, or of the'profits on that estate. An account therefore must be taken, if required by the Defendants, showing what she has received under the vill of-her husband. TIq must be opposed to the profits to which she to entitled for dower, and the balance laccd to the credit of the party in whose favor itmay be.
It remains to enquire witethet- the allowance of a sum in gross in lieu of dower in the land itself, or of the interest on one third of the purchase ntoney, might legr.t,y bo made,

This must be considered as a compromise between the Plaintiffs and the Defendant, Deane. His assent being averred in 'the bill, and The bill being taken pro confesso as to him, this may be considered as an arrangeinebt to wich he has consented. 'Tis, however, cannot affect the other Defendants. They have a right to insist 'that, instead of a sum in gross, one third of the purchase money shall be set apart and the interest therepf paid annually to the tenant in dower during her life.

If the parties all concur in preferring a sum in gross to the decree which the Court has a right to make, still it is uncertain on what priiciple seven years were' taken as the vitdue of the life of the tenant in d6wer. It is probably a reasonable estimate, but this Court does not perceive on what principles it was made, nor does the re. cord furnish the means of judging of its reasonableness.

.This Court is of opinion that there is error Xn the decree of the Circuit Court in not requiring -the Plain-

FEBRUARY TERM i8i3.

3SI

tiff, Susanna, to elect between dower and the estate de- HERBERT vised to her by her late husband, and in not allowing & OTHERS profits on her dower estate if she shall elect to take IT. dower. The decree is to be reversed and the cause re- wYREiN manded for further proceedings in conformity with the'&oTAiElS, following decree

This Court is of opinion that the Plaintiff, Susanna, is not barred of her right of dower in the lands of which her late husband, Lewis Hipkms, died seized, but that ,.she cannot hold both hei dower and the property to wliidh she may he entitled under the will bf the said Lewis. She ogght therefore to have made her election either to adhere to her legal rights and renounce those under the will, 'or to adhere to the will and renounce her legal rights, before a decree could be made -in her favor.

This Court is farther of opinion .that the Plaintiff, Susanna, having been in possession of her dower by the receipt of rent for several years after the death of her late husband, Ls, in the evetit of her electing to adhere to her.claim of do'wer, entitled to receive from the estate of P R. Fend-all the profits winch have accrued on her dower estate in his possession from the time when. he ceased to pay the same, until the sale was.made to the Defendant, Jostph Deane, and is entitled to receive from the said Joseph Deane the profits which have accrued thereon since the same. was sold and conveyed to him, to ascertain which an account ought to be directed. And the Court is further of opinion that an account ought also to be directed to ascertain how much the said Susanna has received from the estate of her late husband, and what profits she has receive.d from'the estate devised to her in his will: all which must We deducted from her claim for dower.

The Court'is .further of opufton that if the parties or either of them shall he dissatisfied with the allotment of a sum in gross, and shall prefer to have one third part of the purchase money, given by the said Joseph Deane for the lands in which the Plaintiff, Susanna, claims dower, set apart and secured to her for her life, so that. she may rjceive during life the interest accroing there.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HEnBZBRT &OTRRts
VD.
WREN
&OTHERS.

on, and shall apply to the Circuit Court to reform its decree in this respect, the same ought to be done.
It is the.opinion of this Court that there is no error in the decree of the Circuit Court for the county- of Alexandria in determining that the Plaintiff, Susanna, was entitled to dower in the estate of her late husband, Lewis Hipkmns, deceased, but that there is error in not requiring her to elect between her dower and the provision.iade for her in the will of her late husband, and in not decreeing profits on the same. This Court doth therefore reverse and annul the said decree, and doth remand the cause to the said Circuit Court with instructions to reform the said decree according to the directions hereito contained.

JOHNSoN, J. dissented from the opinion of the Court, but did not state Ins reasons.

1s13. THE CARGO OF THE BRIG AURORA, BURN

Feb. 2XL

SIDE, CLAIMANT,

VO.

THE UNITED STATES.

Present....Jl1 the Judges execpt TODD, J.
Thle Legina. THIS was an appeal from the sentence of the distureaaymake __ C for t the revival of tiCourt for the district df Orleans, condemning the an act depend cargo of the brig Aurora, for having been imported from
,upon a future
eyent, and di- Grekt Britain, in violation of the -th and Sth sections rect thatevent Of the non-intercourse act of Marchist, 1809, vol. 9, p. to he de 24.3, which it was contended were in force against lamiaon. x" Great Britain, on the 20th of February, 18i, when Whenan actofthis cargo was seized,) by virtue of the act of .May
Congress isre-
vrvedby an Ist, i8i0, vol.1O p. 186, and the Presulent'sproclamation sequent act, it of JVrvember 2d, :810.
isrevived precisely in that
form, and with By the 4th section of the act of March Ist, 1809. it is that effect, enacted, " that from and after the 20th day of,ay nextG at thronet ," it shall not be lawful to import into the United States

SUPR&ME COURT U. S.
18!I. FITZSIMMONS & O'THzits -. OGDEN & 09in-bu,
February 4th.

(Preset.,.JuDGa'sWASUIRGToN, LIVINGSTON, ToDD, DUvALL & STORY.]

lie who him

THIS was an appeal from the decree of the Cir-

equal equity, cuit Court for the district of New York, sitting in chan-.

rday acquire cery, entered by coiisent proforinato bring the case be-

the 1egal es- fore thiscourt.

tate, ifhe can, so as to protect
Wiequity.

.*
The material facts as stated by Washzvgton, ilustice, in

delivering the opinion of the Couft were as follows

.For the purpose of securing certain of his creditors, Robert Morris, on the I4th of February,, 1798, conveyed to the appellants, as Urustees for those creditots, a certain tract of land lying in Ontario county, in the state bf New York, containing 500,000 acres, described by'certain bounds. Previous to this, he had made conveyances to sundry persons of considerable portions of this tract, and amongst others to the defendants, S. Ogden, J. B. Church and to G. Cottranger under whom the heirs of a William Pulteney claims, of which the appellants had full notice. He had also, by different conveyances, granted to the Holland company more than Io1fbr5e0eo,m0oiollions of acres of land, purchasedo (as this tract
acres had been,) front the state of Massachusetts, all in the same county and adjoining the land in question.

On the 8th of June, i797, a judgment at the suit of Talbot and Allum against Robert Morris, was docketted in the S4preme Court of the state ot New York which, being prior in date to the conveyance made to the appellants, bound all the land which passed by'it to'the appellants. The bill states that Robert Morris, being confind n fhe jail at Philadelphia', in order to prevent any im-

YEtBRUARY TERM, IRi2.
proper use from being made of the abovejudgment, and FrrzsILIon condition that the title to the land conveyed to the trus- _mois & tees should in no wise be impaired by it, procured Gou- OTHERS' verneur Morris to advance the money for such judgment, 10. from motives of friendship....that the said judgment, was OGDEN assigned to Adam Hoops the mutual friend ind agent OTHrms. of the parties, winch was done to prevent itfrom being used injuriously against the trustees and the creditors for whom they acted, and also to preserve to Robert, 1Uorris the right of redemption in 1,500,O00acres which hehAd conveyed to the Holland company, in nature of a, mortgage as lie supposed. That A. Hoops afterwards assigned the saidjudgment to gouverneur Morris, and on the 16th of September, 1799, Robart Morris confii-m-d the said trust deed (of which it is worthy of remark, no mention had been made in the .previous parts of the bill;) and further agreed that any other land le might have in that county, which had nt been previously conveyed, should be applied to pay thatjudgment in tbe.first place, and the said last mentioned lands were to be sold upon an execution and to be purchased by- A. Hoops under Talbot and Allum's judgment for the trustees, to which G. Morris assented, the trustees agreeing to mortgage the land to be purchased, tW repay G. :M6rris the sum advanced fori the purchase of tle judgment.
It appears by the evidence, that, previous to 'the pro. 'mise thus charged in the bill t6 have been made by G. M1orris, to R. Morris the judgment of Talbot aua Allun had been c'onditionally .purcnased -by R. MUrS, jun. one of the appellants, avowedly for his individual use, from Cotes, Titford and Brooks who then held it by assignment. -That when this purpose was effected it, was agreed that the assignment should be made to A. Hoops, though in reality for the use of R. Morris, jun and shoduld remain iuAthe hands of a third person as an escrow to take effect on the payment of.the note given by the said R. Morris, jun. for the purchase of the judgment, and that the same should belong to Thomas Cooper, who endorsed the said note, in case he should be compelled to discharge the same.
R. Morris, about the time when this note would become due, found himself unable to take it up, andpon

SULPREME COURT U. S.

riwzsxm- this actount, G. Morris lid been solicited by R. Morris, Bio~s & andconsented to pay the money 4nd to retain the judgoi ai.ss .ment to secure the advance. G. Morris in his answer, u. expressly denies that any communication was made to

OGDENx & him by, H. Morris of his motives for asking his assis-

OTHERS. tance in procuring an asignment of the judgment....or

--

that he had ever heard or knew of the claim of the trus-

tees t0 any part of this 50,000 acre tract, or that the

same would, in any manner, be affected by the j idgment of Talbot and Allum, until some time after he had paid for the judgment, when it was accidentally communicated to him by A. Hoops, who held the ass'ignment of the, same for A. Morris, jun. as before mentioned. Upon receiiing this mfQrmation, G. Morris, with the assistance of his counsel, Thomas Cooper, projected a plan for protecting the interests Of the trustees from-being sacrificed by a sale under the execution whnch might ssue on that judgment. Articles of agreement were accordingly drawn and executed by G. Morris 'and A. Hoops on the 29th of August, 1792, by which it was stipulated that the whole of the lands in the county of Ontario, purchased by R. Morris from the state of Massachusetts amounting-to upwards of four millions of acres should be sold under the judgment, and should be purchased by A. Hoops who should convey a certain part thereof to G. Morrts, and should also mortgage,that part of the said land which then belonged to the trus, tees, to the said G. Morris, for securing the advance

made by him on the purchase of the said judgment. Although this large tract of country was, by this arrange.

meit, to be sold under tlh abbve judgment, yet that. judgtent being posterior td the- conveyances made to the Holland company, as well as to the othev.defendants

below, theywere consequently not 'bound by the judgment, nor could the title of the grantees have een affected by a sale under it. The object of this agreement,

however, in relation to those lands, was to secure to G. Morris a supposed, but totally unfounded claim which R. Morris had asserted to anm equity of redrmption in one of the. large tracts sold by -hm to the Holland Company, and also an imaginavr quantity of surplus land presumed by B. Morris to J e somewhere within the bounds of this great tract of country which was to ba sold, which surp'lus, as it afterwards turned out, had no

FEBRUARt r TERM 1812.

Veal existence. As to the land belonging to the-trustees, RITZSIA-

which it is admitted was bound by this judgment, G. BiOs &

Morris Was contented to receive a mortgage of that to oTHEnRS

secure his advance for the judgment.

T.

OGDEN,. & A draft of an agreement was also made by Thomas OTHERS. Cooper, by the directions of G. Mor~is and delivered to A.

Hoops to be carried to Philadelphia, and to be proposed
to R. Morris and thh trustees,....but the terins of that agreement do not appear in any part of this record, atthough it is fairly to be presumed that it did not vary

materially from the above agreement between G. Morris and A. Hoops. This draft was not altogether approved by the parties in Philadelphia, and another agreement
was accordingly drawn and executed by R..Morris, the trustees and A. Hoops, bearing date the 16th of September, 1799, which did not materially differ from the agreement of the 29th of August preceding, except, that. by the latter, the surplus land, if there should be any, was to be mortgaged to the trustees as a security for re-
imbursing the whole o1 such part of the aforesaid judgment as the trustees might be obliged to pay for the discharge of the mortgage to be given by A. Hoops for securing the advance made by G, Morris for the purchase
of the judgment.

This agreement was afterwards shown to G. Morris who expressed some displeasure at its departure from the
lan which he had himself arranged, but he admits in his answer that he never communicated his disapprobation either to R. Morris or to the trustees.

It appears m evidence that there was a stay of exetution on the judgment of Talbot and Allum for three
years from the time it was entered, which of course would not have expired before the 8th of June, 1800. 'This stay was released by R. Morris at some period sub-
sequent to the interview which took place at the jail between R. Morris and G. Morris; but the particflartime when it was executed does not appear from the re-
cord. It is not, however, improbable that it was not long subsequent to the second of May, :1799, since it appears that, on that day, R. Morrisjun. in a letter addressed to T. Cooper. directing him to assign the said

SUPREME COURT U. S.

rPrzsnzimous & oGTERs
'V.
.o,.SN & o E~s.

judgtnent to G. Morris, requested lim also to for*ard to him tle form of a release to be executed by his father.
, In pursuance of the arrangemeait winch had been agieed upon,.between these parties as above mentioned, all the lands which R. Morris had purchased from the state.of Massachusetts in the county of Ontario were advertised to be sold under 'the said judgment, on the 6th'of February, 1800. Hoops, as it had been agreed,
attended on the. day of sale and bid for the land, but be-
ingoverbid and not having the means to pay for the same 'incase it should be struck off to him, le prevailed upon the sheriff to adjouru the salp to the 13th of May following, upon his engaging to pay the sheriff his poundage, which undertaking G. Morris. soon afterwards, 0 application, -furnished him with the means of dischargflig.

On the 92d of April, :,oo, G. Morris, without havng communicated to 11. Morris or to the trustees the slightest, intimation that he had come to such a deter-
mnation, assigned over the said judgment to the Holland cempany for Tfull consideration paid therefor, and without notice, as they, the Holland company, expressly al-
lege in their answer, of the claim of the trustees or of
the'equity stated in their bill.

The same day, articles of agreement were entered into
between Thomas L. Ogden....the Holland company.... aid G. Morris by, which it was stipulated that the sale of all the lands by the execution on the aforesaid
judgment, should take place, and should. be purchased by,the said Ogden in trust to convey to the Holland company the several tracts of land which had bben granted
to them, by It.Morris and to the several persons to whom conveyances had~been made within the limits of gig, oo,ooo acre tract prwr to the deed to the trustees,
the, tracts tq-wluch they were respectively entitled, or such ?parts there6f as' three persons, Hamilton, Cooper and Ogden should direct; and as to thp residue of the said .oo,00o0, in trust to convey the same to such persons, in such parcels and upon such terms as the. said iamilton:'nd others should direct. In execution of this -agreement, Ogden attended the sale on the 13th of May,

FEBRUARY qERMA i812.

7

and purchased the whole of the -lands taken in execution :xTzsI_ under the said judgment for the su&i or 9 5,200 and re- iozis & beived a sheriff's deed for the same. Hamilt9n, Cooper oTHEits and Ogden, in vtrtu of the powers vested in them, di- IV. rected conveyances to, be made by Ogden to the Holland OGDEN & company according to the bounds expresse4 in the seve'- GTHEmS. ral conveyances to them by R. ,'orris, except so far as such bounds would interfere with Watson, Crag-e and Greenleaf. In order to compensate the defendants, Samuel Ogden,, str William Pultene.y and John B. Church. for, the land taken on the westwar(T of their tracts, by fixing the true meridian line of' the Holland comlianyto the east, the 'eastern line of those pet-sons is made to run in upon the lands cliutmed by the trustees, s6 far as to give-the formdr the full, quantity dt1land mentioned in their respective conveyances. The direction, orawaril
as it is called, then proceeds to allot to the trusteo 58,570 acres (not halfthe quantity they claimed) upon cextainconditions, one of which is to pay to the said trustee,
fo the use of the Holland company, S 5,623 with interest from the 22d of o~anuary, 1800. This sum together with others charged upon such of the grantees as were benefited by this arrangement, were intended to reimburse the Holland company, the sums they had advauced, not only for the purchase of Talbot and Allum's judgment, but of another, which, eing posterior to the conveyance to the trustees, created, of course,'no lien upon any part of the 500,000 acre tract.

The prayer of the bill is for.a conveyance by Thomas' L. Ogden, of all the land to which the trustees are entitled according to its real boundaries, upon the trustee.s paying such -propo.rtion of the money due by Talbot and Allum's judgment as is fau'ly chargeable on their land,
and for general relief.

TI'us. cause was argue&at great length in February.

18.0, by _Pendleton and Lewis for the Complainants, and,

by Edwards and

for the Defendants, and

again at this term by Joseph 1?. I..gersoll, E. Tilghman,

P B. Key and Lewzis for the Complnants, and by . B.

Ogden and Stockton,for the Defendants.

,For the Complainants, it was contended

8

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Virgisim- That Thomas L. Ogden, who purlased the land at Dos & the shrriff's sale 'mder Talbot and, Allum's judgment, oTnnus was, inder all the circumstances of the case, to be con-
V. sidered in,equityj .as a trustee for the Complainants, f6 OGDEN & the extent of their legal title before that sale....or in ,Cins. other Words, that the -sale was void as to the Complat-
nants, tnd ought to be set aside upon the complainants, paying their proportion of the amount due- upon the judgment, which was a lien upon two smaller tracts, as well as upon that which was claimedby the Couiplainants.

Thomas L. Ogden was the agent of the Holland company to whom Gouverneur Morris had assigned the judgment. This. assignment having passedi-not a legal. hut an equitdble right to a chose in action, 'was subject to the same eqIty-ii the hands of the Holland company Q3 it was in the hands of Gouverneur Morris, whether the Holland company had actual notice of that equity or not, because nothing but the equit.7ble right of Gouverneur Morris passed by the assignment. The Holland company had no right to use it in any other way than he could- have used it. They could make no use of -it which he could not have made 'with a good conscience. They were bound by the same conscientious principles towards Robert Morris the elder and the Complainants. which ought to have guided Gouverneur Morris. , Then agent, T. L. Ogden, could not give a better estate under the sale than G. Morris himselfcould, if he had continued to hold the judgment and had become the purchaser. The -only equity which he had was to the extent of,the security necessary.to reimburse the money which he had advanced, at the request-and for the use and benefit of Robert Morris. He merely became a creditor of Robert Morris with a lien upon the lands to the extent of the debt, which lien he held under a trust, a confidence, a plighted faith, that it should not be enforced to the injury of Robert Morris, or lIs assignees; 4nd even that it should-be used for the benefit of R. Morris or his assignees, as far as it could be used consistent witfl G. Morris's security as to the mount paid for the judgment. Indeed,, as the only interest or equity which G. Mrris had inthe judgment was merely as a security sub modo for the amount due upon the judgment, the judgment as to every other use which could be made, of it, consistent with the security of G. Morris., belonged.

FEPRUARY TERM ±812.

-to I. Morris; and G. iors was bound in conscience FiTzsi.f.and good faith to use it n such manner as I. Morris mous & should direct. If therefore Gouverneur Morris, instead OTHERS ofT. L. Ogden, had purchased the land under the judg- v. ment, he would have holden it merely as an indemnity4 OGDEN & and as to every other purpose wQuld have been a trustee OTHERS. for -R. Morris or his assigns.

The facts,. so far as the conscience of G. Morris was concerned in the case, are simply these. Robert 3 Iorris, the elder, knowing that the judgment threatened the validity of the deed of trust which he had made to the Complainants, who represented a class of creditors to whom he felt himself under peculiar obligations, entered into an engagement, through the agency of his son R. Morrisjun. to purchase the judgment for the purpose of holding it as a shield for the protection of the conveyance' to the Complainants. Being unable to comply with the terms of the purchase, ho requested Gouverneur Morris
to advance the money due on thejudgment, saying that
lie would thereby render him an essential service, and would be safe as 'the judgment was a lien upon a very large tract of land. To this,.G. Morris assented, from mtives of friendship, and to render is friend an essen-
tial service. How it was to have that effect, was not perhaps, at tluit, time explained, but the natural inference was that the judgment was to be subject to the control of R. Morris, as to every disposition of it consis-
tant with the security and indemnity of G. Morris, who was bound in conscience, in honor, and in friendship, to have submitted it'to his control. The disposition which he did make of it, was in violation of all these obligations, and therefore ought in equity to be set aside.

The Complaihants had a right to tender the amount

due, upon.thejudgment to G. Morris at any time. -They knew that the judgment was a lien upon their lands, but they knew that there was a stay of execution until the th

of June, 1800. Until that period they were safe....ana

Mr. R. Morris himself could not in equity release that stay so as to affect those lands without giving notice to the Complainants. It would have been a fraud if he

bad. They knew that the judgment had been assigned

to G. Morris. They knew the circumstances under which

that assignment was made. They knew the understand-

VOL. VIT.

s

SUPREME C&URT U. S.

YITZSIM-
.aoxs .&
OThERS v.
OGDEN & OTnRs.

iug, the friendship, the confidence which subsisted be, tween Gouverneur Morris and Robert Morris, the elder.
They had a right to rely upon it and to consider themselves as safe. They had a right to believe that no use would be made ofthejuilgment without their knowledge. They knew of the release of the stay of execution, and that the release was made for their benefit. They were
parties to the agreement under which it was made, they knew that this agreement had been made known to G. Morris and that he'had acquiesced, if not assented. But neither his acquiesence nor assent was necessary, except as to the provision made for his indemnity ...fo.r.so -far only was he interested. They knew that a sale for their benefit had been attempted under the judgient,
but was postponed to a future day. They knew that the failure of this attempt and the postponement of the sale, were known to G. Morris, and that he had even pi.d the poundage demanded by the sheriff upon the postponement. He knew that all these things were so understood by the Complainants, and that they had this confidence in him, and were lulled into security. At this moment, without any notice, or intimation to the Complainants, he assigned over the judgment.to the Holland
company, for purposes which he knew to be repugnant to the interests of the Complainants. It is this of which
the Plaintiffs complain as unconcientious and injurious,
and the consequences of which they seek to avoid.

It is true that G. Morris timself cannot properly be charged as a trustee, because an equity cannot, with propriety, be said to be the subject of a trust, or to be holden in trust, for the equity will always be m the cestueque trust, and not in the trustee. But if G. Nor ris, under all these circumstances, had himself acquired
the legal estate to the lands conveyed to the 3omplainants, lie would have been a trustee for them, upon their payinjg or tendering hiufthe money due by the judgment. He had no other equity to protect, and could not have protected Ins legal title uder the equity of other. Nor had the-Holland company any equity to protect. Therp
were no anterfering lines. nor any other cause of dispute betiveen them and the Complainants. Their agent,
,Thomas L. Ogden, even after the.sheriffs sale, was in no better situation than G. Morris would ,have been in, if he had been the purchaser. He had no right tb clgm

FEBRUARY TERM 1813.

11

protection under the equity of any third person. He had -full notice from the Complainants befofe he made any conveyanceunderwhatis calledthe awardofHamilton, Ogden and Cooper. He therefore is to be considered merely as theagent of the Hollandcompany, who took only the equlty of G. Morris, and having acquired the legal estate with full knowledge that the Complainants were entitled to every possible benefit under thbtjudgmentbeyond the interest of GoQuverneur Morris, whose right extended only to indemnity for the advance he had made lie is&fo be considered as a trustee, for the Complainants for all beyond that mdemnity; and upon receiving the amount due upon the judgment, ought to be decreed to convey to the Complainants all the lands which lie purchased at the sheriffs sale which lie within, the tract conveyed t) them by R. Morris, by the deed of the isth of February, 1798.

FlTzsi3!
moxs &
OTHIERs
T. OGDEN &
OTHEES.

It was also contended by the Counsel for the Complainants, that in as much as Mr. R. Morris, had agreed to release the stay of execution for one purpose, only, the execution could not legally be issued for another purpose, and therefore the sale was void at law. But whatever intrinsic force thins argument might have had, it could not be considered by the Court, because it was exJ pres~ly admitted upon the record that the execution was regularly 7ssued.

It was further said in behalf of the Complainants, that although, at -thetime when G. Morrp agreed to purchase the judgment, it was not stated in what manner the j udgment should be used so as to be of service to his friend 1. Morris, yet as G. Morris varied the conversation, lie mustbe considered as havingagreed thatR. Morris should direct itrwhat manner it should be used....aud that as R. Morri§ by his agreement of the i6th of September, 1799, did direct how it should be used, (to which agreement G. Morris did not object,) he was in equity bound to' suffer that agreement to he carmed into effect, and therefore his assignment of the judgment to the Holland company with a view to defeat the~purpose of that agreement was against conscience, and affected all the subsequent proceedings under that assignment.

The conveyances made by T. L. Ogden to Church and others, being made after notice given to him by the Corn-

12

SUMlIME COURT U. S.

ilTzsim-
Moxs & oTHOiaS
T.
OGDEN'& oWHEns.

plainants cannot injure their rights. He is liable to them at all events, and must look to those to whom he has conveyed the lands for his iemnity....an indemnity which he has taken care to sect
The counsel for the Complaina _, 99w that by the assignment of the judgment nothing but ati equitable mi. terest passed, and that the assigne, held it liable to the same equity to which it had been jable in the hands of the assignor, cited, 1. Vez. :123, Mill v. Caillovel. 2. Fern, 765, Turto iv. Benson. FP§ec. in Chancenj 521,
8.C,

To show that a purchaser without notice is not protected, if he has notice before he pays the purchase money and gets a deed, they cited, 1. .Iltkns S81, W ig9 IV. Wigg. 2. Atk. 630, 0M, Story v. Lord Windsor 2. Eq. ca. ab. 685, pl. 9. Jones v. Stany. 3. P Wins. 307 2burville -v. Xazsh.

To support the position that where the assignment passes only an equity, notice is not necessary....and that if no legal estate passes, qut prnor est i tempore, potior est u jure, they, cited, 3. P Wins. 308. Tourville v. · Vash. 3. Brown, C. C. 264. Williams v. Lamoe.
'I o show that a trustee is liable for a breach of trust, they cited 1. P Wins. 12,8. Pye v. George. 2. P Wins. 610. Jansell v. Mansell. 2. Salk, 680, Pye v. George. tnd Gilbert's Forum 27omanum.
To show that where a recital in a deed leads to notice, there notice shall be presumed, they cited 1. ca. in ch. 291. Bisco v. Earl of Banbury. 2. ca. zn ch. 246, .1oore -v. Benett § .mbler, 311, 312. 1. Jtkans, 490, Smith v. Law. Fernon, 885, Ferrarsv. Cherry.

And to show what will raise an implied trust, they cited, I. Vezey 289, Barneslj v. Powell. 1. Vernon, 276, Palmer v. Yomng. I. P Wims. Brown v. Litton, 1. dtk. 383, 384, Wigg v. Wigg. 1. Br. C. C. 81, Sonlej v. Clockmakers company....andthe case of Slocum and -wIfe v, Mfarshal and others, in the Circuit Court of the United States, for the district of Pennsylvania.

On behalf of the appellees, it was said,

FEBRUARY TERM .1i.
Ist. That there was no trust for the benefit of the FITZS1Complainapts . and consequently they have no equity. moNs &
'OTHERS
2. That if there ws originally a trust for their ben- v. efit, yet as the Defendants have acquired the legal title, oGDEN & (without notice of the equity ofthe Complainants,) they,., OTHERS., tbhe Defendants, have equity enough to support the legal estate they have thus acquired, to the extent of the number of acrea intended orignally to have been conveyed to them by R. Morris, the elder.
4st. There was no trust for the benefit of the Complainants.
The. Complainants set forth the trust ;n, Gouverneur Morris to be to prevent the judgmentfrom beuig used injurzously to them, and to preserve to Robert Morris, is right of redemption tu that part of the lands -whichwas supposed to be mortgaged to the Holland company. No consideration flowed from the Complainants, whereby to raise an implied trust in their favor. The consideratior was merely personal between Gouverneur Morris an Robert Morris, it was a matter of confidence, and the former violated that trust or confidence, he was li, ble only to Robert Morris.
At law, no man can support an action upon an agreement unless he is aparty; or some consideration flowed from him. Cro. El. 369, Jordan v. Jordan. I. Str 592, Crow v. Rogers. 1. Vent. 6, Bourne v. Jlason. It is true there are some modern cases in which it has been holden that the person to whose use the promise was made may maintain an action in his own name. but it must be in a case where the, whole use and be,#eft are to accrue to the Plaintiff. But here, even as stated in the bill, the trust was in part for the benefit of Robert Hlforns.
If the Complainants would not have a right to enforce the agreement at law, neither can they compel its execution m eouity.
This bill is in the nature of a bill for the specific performance of the agreement between Robert Morris and Gouverneur NoRm, chargng the Holland company with notice.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
FITzSIN- A Court of Chancery decrees a specific execution of moNs & a contract because a suit at law would not give a comOTHERS plete remedy, but a.Court of Chancery will not decree a
a. specifie performance unless the p?rty would have a right OGDEN & to recover damages in a Court of law. Here was no OTrHERS. right at law, and ther'efore this court cannot decree a
specific performance of the agreement. 1. Vez. 44-1, P'enn -v. Lord Baltinore. Sclholles and Lefroy 552, HarTCey V. Yielding.
It is an universal principle in Chancery, that the complainant must show himself entitled by his bill. MIiford 43 (15) Bartons suit ?n equity, 36, 37 He must recover according,to his allegationsand Ins proofs. PrQofs without allegations are not sufficient, even if his proofs should show a good title to Xelief. The only allegation
like an averment of a trust is that G. Morris agreed that he would not use thejudgment to the ijury of the Complainants, nor to bar I. Morris's right of redemptiih. As to the latter part of the supposed trust the Complainants cannot recover, and R. Morris is no party to the suit. On this account the bill is defective....2. IAtk. siO, Damwent v. Walton. But even the allegation in the bill, imperfect as it is, is not supported by the evidence. G. Morris, in his answer, denies that R. Morris communicated to him his motives for wishing him to purchase the judgment, and most expressly deilies apy agreement on his part not to use it to the prejudice of the Complainants. This answer, being directly responsive to the allegation of the bill is conclugve evidence, unless contradicted by more than one witness. 'But it is confirmed by the deposition of R. Morris, as far as it relates to that interview. G. Morris states thathe was induced td become the purchaser by motives of personal fiiendship towards R. Morris. It was the duty, therefore, of RI. Morris to have explained to his friend in what manner the purchase was to be made serviceable
to lii, and wlk0 were the parties really to be benefited thereby If he did not do it, and intended that others should derive the benefit, it was a fraud upon the feelings of friendship. But it is clear that R. Morris did not request it with a view principally to the security of-the ,Complainants. He states in his deposition that his objects were, i. The equity of redemption, 2. The sur-
plus tract which it was supposed temained unconveyed,

FEBRUART TE]RM-m12.
and 3d. To prevent injury to the Complainants. The virzsIivisit of R. Morris) jun. to New York, was to prevent Nroxs & the effect of certain attachments, and. to secure the sur- oTHnUS plus lands so as to make a provision for ins- mother. T. Hoops, in his depositi6n, says that the sdcurity of the OGDEN & Complainants was not an object in the first purchase 'of OTHERS. the judgment.
There was neither equity of -redemption nor purplus land. How then was .G. Morris to be secured for the amount of the judgment, unless. by the lands of the Complainants? And yet they say that thejudgment was not to affect those lands. It would be absurd to suppose such a trust. The agreement of 16th of September. 1799, shows that there was no such trust. And the an-swee of G. Morris, not being contradicted, is conclusive evidence that the trust did not exist. Pre. ch.19, King,dome v. Boakes. 2. Jtk. :10, Janson-v. Rany. 3. dtk. 407, Only v. Walker 1. hr C. C. 52, .Pember -v. Hathers.
No equity arose from the release of the stay of execution. If there -did, it was an equity in R, .Aorns, and not'in the Complainants.
The time and plbace of sale were fixed by the agent of the Compkiinants, and therefore they cannot complain, nor allege the want of notice.
The inadequacy of price is by no means so great as the Complainants pretend, but if it was it cannQt affect the equity of the Defendants case. If they obtained the. legal title they have equity enough to support it, even if it cost them much less than 5,000 dollars. But asheriff's sale farly and publicly nade has never been set aszdefor nnadequaey of prece. If there beno trust, the inadequacy of the ph-ce-is immaterial.
There must be in every trust, a szbject of thd trust, a trustee, and a cestue que trust. But here is no subject.... the proceeds of the judgment were not for the Complainants, Tlhey were the absolute property of G. Morris. He never held the land. But what sort of a trustwas it? Not a resultingtrust, for that can only be raised in favor of the person from whom the consideration moved.

StIREPAE COVRT V. S.
Pi[TzsIn- And that it was not an expresstrust is adniitted, If it 3xoNs & was neither an implied nor an express trust, G. Morris oTH-Rs was the absolute owner of the judgment.
-V.
OGDEN & A man can ijot be made a trustee unless the, extent, of OTHERS. his trust be fully explained to him. 10, Pez. jun. 511,
Lench v. Lench.
The fact of the trust is to be found by the Court from the evidence as ajury would find it
Secret trusts are dangerous. Since the statute of frauds nothing is left of the whole fabrid of parol trusts but a resultingtrust....which is a trust arising by implication, from the'fact that the purchase money was paid by, or the consideration moved from, the party who claims the benefit of the trust. 2. AtIk. 381, Parterwhe v. JPowlet. 3. Br C. C. 5 7, Fordyce v. Willis. And it is only lately parol evidence has been admitted to prove the facts from winch a trust, as to lands, would result. Crw se's digest, 472. 1. Vern, 366, Gascoignev. Thewvzng. 10. Vez. jun. 366, Rider v. Kidder
In the case of Lloyd and Jobson- v. Spillet and others, z. 2, .Atk, 150, Lord Hardwkche said,...."I am now bound ",down by the statute of frauds and perjuries, to construe "nothing a resultigtrust,but what are there called trusts "by operation of law; and what are those? Why,first, " when an estate is purchased in the name of one .person, "but the money or consideration is given by andther; -' or secoudly, where a trust is declared only as to part, " and nothing said as to the rest what remains, undis-posed of, req11-If ° .Z the heir at law, and they cannQt *;be said to be trustees for the residue. I do not know " any other instance where this Court have declared ",resulting trusts by operation of law, unless in cases of *'fraud and where transactions have been carried on
-mata fide.9
Lord. Harkwlcke was not perfectly correct as td theextent of the doctrine. Later cases have ,added the cases of a failure of the consideration....and where the consideration is merely nominal. 1. Cruise dig. %'71,
S29, c. A purchaser for, full value has never been adjudged to be a trustee-for another, 7 Br Par&ca.

FEBRUARY TERM 4mS2;

5-767 1ilkintion v. Bailey, i Crunze 186, § 60.

abidged, &Bur, 2255.

-MONS

S. C. riXrZSIx.-

2d. But if there had been a trust, and although the assignment by G. Morris to the Holland company, was an assignment of an equitable right only, and therefore not protected by want of notice, yet the agent of the Holland company having obtained the legal title without notice of the trust either by himself or the Holland company, he has a right to hold against a mere legal claim
on the part of the Complainants. For the mistake as to the boundary, being a mistake to then prejudice of ttDefendants, can create no equity in favor of the Com-
plainants. Itwas a mistake by which the Complainants
would have gained, and thle Defendants would have lost, more than one thousand acres of land. If Gouverneur
Morris had purchased the juogment with a full knowledge of this mistake of the boundaries, and with a view to secure the benefit thereof for the Complainants, and to do this injustice to the Defendants, no Court ofequity
would have aided him in accomplishing the purpose; and
even if he had acquired the legal title to the land under such circumstances, it is more than probable that a Court of equity would have granted relief to the De. fendants.

v.
oGDEN.4 oTHERs.'

A Court of equity will never interfere against a bbu ful purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice, but will permit him to save himself by any legO plank which he can lay hold on. 1. Eq. ca. ab. 3M3, 322. and in the case ofJerrardv. Sanders..2; Vez.jun.
457, Lord Loughborough said that in such a case a Court
of equity has nojumsdition.

In as much therefore as the Complainants who seek to gaiuhy the loss of the Defendants. have no equity arising from the mistake of the boundaries, and as the Defendants
have the legal title supported by a strong case in equity, the Complranants are not entitled to the aid of a Court of
equity.

Feb. !20.* WASHINGTON, J. after stating the facts of the case, delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:

* Absent Mfsuuniim Ch. J. aD lwgston, J. the other gve preaent, ML. VUt

SUPaZE COURT U. S.

PILzsxil-
MoNs & oTrieRs
v. oGDEN &
OTHERS.

The first pQint made by the. counsel for the appellants is, that G. Morris ought t6 be considered as a trustee of Talbot and, Allum's judgment for the trustees. On this point it is contended that, although in the first instance, G. Morris might have had no other inducement in purchasing that judgment than to perform a friendly service to R. Morris, yet he afterwards charged himself
with the interests of the trustees by an express declaration contained in the agreement of the 29th of August,
1799, connected with the subsequent agreement of the 16th of September, i799,-wich, notwithstanding his dis-
approbation of some parts of it, he adopted by his silence and subsequent conduct. The trust being thus establish-
ed, it is then contended that the Holland company, the purchasers of this judgment from G. Morrs, took the
same clothed with all the equitable rights of the trustees, which were attached to it in the hands of G. Morris upon the ground that a judgment is a chose in action, and the
assignment passes no more than an equitable interest to thedebt of which it is the evidence. Having arrived at this point, the title of the trustees is placed upon the
well known principle which governs a Court of Chancery, that between merely equitable claimants, each having equal equity with the other, he who hath the precedency in time, has the advantage in right.

If the cause rested upon this state of the case, it would be incumbent on the Court to examine these principles and their application to the respective pretensions of the trustees and of the H-oland company Whether an equity arising to-a third person who claims the chose idf action, and whose title depends upon a secret trust and
confidence between him and the ostensible assignee, haE, equal equity with the person who afterwards purchases the judgment bona fide and without notice of a fact not
disclosed by the previous assignments, is a questionwhich the Court deems it unnecessary to decide, because, tho the equity of the trustees and -the Holland company should be a!lmitted to be equal, yet-the latter have acquired another title to the subject in controversy which
a Court of equity will never disturb. They, or rather their trustee, have got the fruits~of their execution, an&il have obtained the legal estate in the land on which the judgment gave them only a lien. Having at least equal equity with~the trustees, it was perfectly justifiable in
thenito obtain a superiority by buying in the legal estlte.

FEBRUARY TERM ±812.

kware of this difficulty, one of the counsel for the apel-
3ants found it necessary to contend that the sale on the
13th of May was absolutely void, the execution having been taken out before it could lawfully issue in consequence of the stay on record which prevented its emanation prior to the 8th of June following. This, however is arguing against the fact; because we hlnd that long prior to the sale and assignment of the judgment to the Holland company, the estatum ft. fa. had
issued by the consent of R Morkis as well as of the trustees, who, on the 6th of Feb. 1800, had endeavored to render it effectual by a sale -attempted on that day. The release of the stay is not spread on the record so
that the terms ofit, or its date might be examined. But
since the execution could not legally issue without a regular release filed in the Court where the judgment was
of record, and since the form of such a release was appli-
ed for, by one of the trustees so early as the 2d of May, 1799, it must be presumed, against the trustees and in favor of the regularity of the proceedings, that the re. lease was in due form, and bore date prior at least to t1he emanation of the execution.

izs[rmoNs & o R9
1v. oGiinN &
OTHERS.

But it is contended that the consideration for this release was the trust declared by G. Morris in August, 1799, or acquiesced in by him under the agreement of the 16th Sep. and that his breach of trust in selling thejudg,ment to the Holland company with a view to :the-intended purchase of the lands in dispute by them, did away the effect of the release previously executed by R. Morris. That this was a ligal consequence of the allegedbreach of trust can scarcely be maintained. The release.being once regularly executed and delivered could never af-
terwards be avoided at law by a failure of one of the parties to perform an act in consideration of .viich the
release' was given. It could extend no further than to charge G. Morris with a breach of contract for which
he might be personally liable to the party aggrieved. But as to third persons claiming fairly under him, with-
out notice of the alleged breach of trust, the legal ef-
fect of the release would remain unimpaired.

It is very obvios, however, that the whole of this argument is founded on an assumption of facts which
are not proved, and which cannot and ought not to be presumed. It does not appearfrom the evidence in the

SUPREME COUfRT tr. S.

FruzsimMoNs &
OTHEPRS
v7. VGDEN &
oTHEns.

cause thaT the trust assumed by G. Morris was the con sidrration of that release, -and yet if the trustees would avail themselves of that circumstance to invalidate.the sale, and to dcprive the Holland company of the shield by which they have protected their equitable interest, such proof should be clearly made out. On the contrary, the Court must consider the fact as established (since it is asserted on oath by G. Morris in answer to a charge in the bill, that the object of G. Morris in purchasing the judgment, was to confer a personal benefit on R. Morris only,) that, in consequence of thia undertaking, made with the knowledge of one of the trustees, and for the purpose of giving effect to this intention, the release was made, and it is fairly to be presumed that it was executed lon.g prior to the arrangement made by G. Moris and the trustees in August and September, 799, because, as has been before observed, the form of a release was applied for as early as the 2d of May preceding. If the date of the release was contemporaneous with, or subsequent to the agreements of August and September, it was in the power of the trustees fully to have established -the fact. Being essential to their argument, their having omitted to furnish the proof affords a strong presumption against them.

It is contended that the Holland company ought to be considered inthe light of purchasers of the judgment with notice of the trust, because, knowing, as they were bound to do, that the execution could not issue before the 8h of June, 1800, they were necessarily led to inquire into the right which they assumed of taking out execution at a prior dayj and in making this inquiry they must have come to a knowledge of the trust. But the previous issue of the execution, fortified by the circumstance of the sale under it attempted in February and continued by adjournment to the 13th of May. rendered all inqmnries intothe cause of the release unnecessary. It was enough for them that the impediment to the issuing -of the execution was removed at the time they purchased the judgment.

The cause appears to the Court to be so clearly in favor of the Holland company and those claiming under them, upon the point which has been examined, that it seems almost unnecessary to notice those circumstances. wlich detract from the equitable title of the trustees.

FEBRUARY TERM isi ,
But it is obvious that the injury of which they complain PITZS1Lhas arisen in a great measure from the want of energy -IoNs & in themselves, and akmd of .ielpless dependence upon oTnmPs others, even after they were fully apprized of the steps v. which'were taking and which finally led to the loss from oGDEZ & which they now seek to extricate themselves. Mr. oTHEnS. Fitzsimmons was informed by A. Hoops, prior to the 22d of Apkil, 1800, that the agent of the Hollaut company had gone on to New York, and the intention of this visit was most probably communicated to himn, as Mr. Hoops, at the same time, advised hun to have an understanding with G. Morris. If he received from this advice nothing further than a hint of possible mischief, it was sufficient to put them upon inquiryand exertion.
An attempt was made, though not much pressed, to charge G. Morris with a breach of trust, and with the legal consequences thereof. That his declining to communicate to the trustees his.intended sale of Talbot and Allum's judgment to the Holland company upon terms which might seriously affect the interest of the former. was unkind, and a departure from the friendly conduct he-had manifested towards them, may be admitted. But since it must be taken as a fact in the cause that no promise of any kind had been made by G. Morris in favor of the trustees, or to his knowledge, in reference to their interests, prior to the agreement of the 29th of August, 1799...(and even this agreement, or the draught made by Cooper and forwarded by Hoops to R. Morris and the trustees for their signature, is not alleged in the bill with any degree of certainty as a ground on which the trust is founded-) and since the arrangement proposeft by G. Morris in that agreement and draught was rejected by those parties and another sub~titued in their stead to which G.Morris was no party, it would be going too far for a Court of equity, in such a case, and in favor of persons who would do nothing for themselves, to make G. Morris a trustee by implication for the purpose of charging hm with a breach of trust. It is true that G. Morris might have communicated to the trustees his disapprobation of the change they had made in his arrangement, and his refusal to abide by that which they had proposed as asubstitute, so as to have afforded them an opportunity to retrace their steps. But surely he Was not, n point of law, as much bound to make such a

6UPREME COURT U. S.
FITSIM- communication as the trustees were to obtain a certain Bioxs & knowledge of his assent to the agreement of the 16th oTHERS September. He had gratuitously offered to do a favor
10. to the trustees upon certain conditions. They reject the OGDEN & offer as mad- and propose other conditions. It was inOTHERS. cumbent on then to obtain lis assent to the new propo-
sal if they meant to consider lim in the fight of a trustee.
Tile opinion given upon these points renders it unnecessary to consider the question of boundaries.
Decree affirrned, without prejudice.

BRIG JAMES WELLS v THE U. STATES.

1812.

February Sth

aIbsent....JMarshall,chief justicc.

In cases of ad-
I'ratyjuis-
diction, new

THIS was an appeal from a sentence of the Cir

evidence will cuit court which affirmed that of the District Court of be admitted in Connecticut, restorin the Cargo but condemning tho
this court- and
for that pur- brig James Wells, an American registered vessel, -for a pose aromnus- volation of the 3d section of the embargo act of Januaion may mue. rv 9th, i808, in making a voyage to St. Bartholomews.

The evidence under a clearance for the port of St. .Mary's,%nthe state o°sittyhwaltlenb~eV'billcof Georgia. Th.e excuse su'9g9gested by the claimant of

excuse a wolL- the vessel was stress of weather He stated in his claim tion of the and answer, that the vessel laden with 1272 barrels of 7musrgove2 four, sailed from New York on the 26th of February,

clear and pos- i808, cleared and bound for St. .1farij's, with a bona fide

itive.

intention of going there, and witliout any intent of go-

ing to any foreign place. But that by contrary wznds, and stress of weather and the leaky condition of the vessel. he was compdlled against his will (lie being owner and. supercargo) and against the will of the captain and crew, to go to, and enter the port of Gitstama, in the island of St. Bartholomews, in the West Indies, where lie was obliged by the leaky and shattered condition of the yes. sel, to unlade the cargo, which was greatly damagedo and he could not afterwards obtain permission to carry
it away again, but was compelled to sell it there,

