FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

PiNxwY,referred to the history of the times, to Show TR

that Whitehilt had no knowledge of the war when he FitcEs.,

went to St. Eustatius.

(G!LLES-

PIE's

HARPER. If Whitehill did not know that war had CLAi.,)

actually been declared, he knew that measures had been BOYER, taken whi "hmay be considered as equivalent to a de- MA-,TER. claration. The capture took place in February. He

knew that letters of inarque had been issued in Decem-

ber preceding, and that a long irritation had existed

between the two 'governments. He knew, also, that

the trade in which lie was engaged, was a trade frowned

upon by his own government. In the present case, the

circumstances were entirely different. 5 Rob. 220, Z17.

Saturday, Xlarck i2th. Jtsent....LIvINGSTOI, 3.
MARSHALL, Ch. J. delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:

Colin Gdl'ospie, a naturalized American citizen residing in Glasgow, claim"d sundry goods, shipped on
his own account, as his property. This claim depends entirely on his national character, and is decided in the case of the M'nus.

The sentence of the Circuit Court, condemning the property of the Claimant, is affirmed.

VOWLES AND OTHEMS "v.CRAIG AND OTHERS. lbsent... MARSHALL, C. J.

I8i4,
March 14th,

THIS ease, as stated by ToD, . in delivering the Ifi person,

opinion of the Court was Is follows:

oanedob-

vey upon a mi,

This suit was instituted on the chanc_ery s.ide of t·h, e UwatarRryamt'tand denrP

Circuit Court -if th Unit'd States ror th- Kentacky dis- the common-

trict, by the Complainants, now Appellants as the heirs wealth of Vir

SUPREME COURT U. S.

vowims and legal representatives ofMary Vowles formerly Mary
OTHERS Frazer.
TV.
CRAIG The bill alleges thitt in the year 177- a survey was &oranRq. made for Mar3 Frazer as heir at law, and only daugh-
ter of George Frazer, dec'd. by virtue of the .governors in'a for 2000 warrant and agreeable to the royal proclamation of 1763, atrcare,sa,fesre,l iiranad f'r 2000 acres of land in Fincastle c,,unty, on Elkhorix, vaiuable consi- creek, the waters of Ohio t'ii er. That accordin.g to der-Ation, his usual and customary allowance, made in this, as we~ll as
right to ihe
sorvey, *adas- other military surveys at that time. a considerable qysasgn heplat tiy oi land over and abov', 2000 acres, is containied

to

within the a;,tual boundaries. That in the yearl 1778

soenr,liewOhiebrtaeluusp11whilst the sai(l lary vaj a niinor, Michavl R'ohiuson. as

patent for the uardian of the'said Mary, and who bad inteimarried

land inhis own with her mother, made a contra(t x%ith the Dfnindanot' am- ;and if,L wis, Joseph and Be'njamin Crai-'s, ibr the sal.' ofl tho' up.!i a e-sutr- ,I vey, itappear said 2000 acres of land survyed as aroresaid for th that the gralt sifid Mary at the price of S0s. per acre, ainountiii- t) Cfl'C be 30001. which was paid in the depreciated paper cuiUiV

dor c, w,1' ;,, oi"Virgiliia and was of little or no value. That the saiW equity sopport NMary wa- induced to affix her sigiiatire to an assin-
clai, tOr the
n . ment of the said plat and certificate of survey, which drst the yen-War post-date-d so ai to beat the appearauce of its being

ex'cut'd wh:n she was of full age ; it) consequence of
which Lewis Craig obtained a patent tor the said land in1 hik owni name and has since couveyed a part thereof to
the said Josph and Benjamin. and under whom tho oiher Defendants derive their titles. The payer if the bill is to vacate the contract awl to decree a re-coni cyance of the land, and for general relief.

The answers of the Defendants, Lewis and Joseph
Craig's, admitthe making. ot'the survey, and that itcontains a considerable quantity of land within the boulaiies more than 2000 acres.

They admit, the contract with Michael Robinson for the purchase of the said survey; but p,,);itively deny that it wns made it) the year 1778, and aver that it was
made in 1779. They deny that the contract was for 2000 a(ros (of land at sos. per acre, but was for the U,hole ssar'Ve' at the nrice of' 30001. They also positive-
ly deny that the assignment on the plat and certiTicate of

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
survey was pnst-dated )rthat any fraud, or misrepresen- vowr.s, tation was practiced or used relative to the transaction & -JTHER$
"').
The answers of the other Defiendants are dee-med im- CRAIG rnat.rial to the investigation of tne questions. arising in&OTHERS, this case.
The cause was heirtl in tie Circuit Court upon the bill, anwers, depositions and other proofs. The Court decreed tlhe bill to be dismissed with costs; from which decree an appeal was taken to this Court.
TAYLOn,for the .1ppelants.
On examination of the evidence exhibited, we are satisfie,thla,t the allegation, that the assignment was,made during the minority of Mary Frazer is not sufficiently supported to have authorized the Circuit Court to have decreed a re-conveyance. But we suppose the Complianants were entitled to relief in some shape for the surplus lan1 contained within the snrvey ; either by a decree for the re-conveyance of the surplus. by a p',cuniary compensation for it according to it- present value or by a pecuniary coRipensation according to the price at which the land was sold, on which interest should be allowed.
No evidence is introduced of the terms of the sale, 'whether by the acre or in gross, except the survey, assignment, power of attorney and receipt before mentioned, from these it plainly appears that the parties contracted on a supposition that the quantity'of land sold and purchased was 2000 acres.
The surplus of 700 acres (nearly one third of the w'hole quantity supposed to he sold) cniot be considered as a small one, such as might arise from inaccuracy ofinstrmentns, &c. and therecore within the contemplation of the parties.
The remote residence of the vendor, who had hut late. ly attained full age when she sold, precludes the idea of her having any information of the quantity of land to which she was entitled, other than that which was deiived from the survey. On her part, therefire, and prohably on the part of the purchaser also, the contract was

SUPREME COURT U. S
vowLEs made tnder an evident mistake respecting the subject of & o rias sale. "Pm.re is nothing"discoverable, in thr contract or
v. exhibits from whirh it can be. collected that the sal was CRAIG made without resp,)nQibility for the quantity,, the words, &OTUeRS. nwre or less, almost universally used to designate such
an intent, are no where to be found.
The case presented is that 9f a contract made under the itlta eof inistake, inboth parties, as to a material and importent part, without fraud or concealment on eithr side.
Itis supposed that no difference exists between contracts- lor the s.le of lanis, and those of any other description. Tihe s.me principles apply to all. This doe. trine is reco.nized in the opinion expressed by the Court of appeals in Kentucky, in the case of Young aganlst Craig. In delivering that opini,,n the Court expressre itself as follows: ,,The q jestion in this case is whether Craig who had sold to Young a tract of-and" containing in its botindaries a surplus, has a right to recover such surplus, or incase it cannot be had, a compensation therefor in money. There is no novelty or pecliarity in the principles upon which questions of this s.ort depend. In contracts of this kind the same good faith- i3 reqtired, and the same responsibility attaches to its violation, which law and reason priseribes in every description of contracts. If, thrwigh frauid or gross and palpable mistake, wore or less land should be conveycd than was in the contemplation of the seller t)part with. or the purchaser to receive, the inijured paty wo.uld be entitled to relief in like manner as he wbuld be for an injury produced by a similar cause in a contract of any other species."
The same opinion also establishes the principle that in sales in graqs as -v. ,ll as in sales by the acre, if the parties have contracted under manifest error as t quantity, the party injn.ed is entitlel to relief, unless indeed, the surplus or d,,ivit wAs sjnall, not more than usual in such cases, and of course supposed to be within the contemplation of the parties. In that case it is true the Comrt ref ised tor decree compensation for the surplus land sold, beca'tse it appeared plainly to have been the intention of tie parties to risk the gain or loss, and because the sur-

FEBRUARY TERM 81.

375

plus was not more than usual in sucli sales.* In the vowres case of Young v. Craig, the Couit appears to have & OTHERS adopted the principle laid down b Pothier inhis trea- T. tise on obligations, ch. I, art. 3, s. 1, tit Error,and also CRAIO
1y the writers on natural law, "rthat an error about a &OTHERS.
thing, or about its quality, uponprospect of which a man -

CThe opinion of the Court 9f appeala in Kentacky in the ease of YOSG V.
CnAI, was as follows :
The question in this case is whether Craig who had sold to Young i tract of land containing in its boundaries a surplus, has a right to recover such burplus, or in case it cannot be had, a compensation theietor in rooney.
There is no novelty or peculiarity in thd principles upon which questions of this otM depend. In contracts o" this kind the same good faith is required. And the same responsibility ataches to its violftion, u hich law and reason
prescribe in every description ofcontract.
If through fiaud, or gros and palpable mistake, more or less land should be conveed than wasin the tmp on of the seller to part with ot the purchaser to receive, the itJored party would be etitled to relif in like rmlner ashe w-uld h:eforan ithry produced by a similar cause in a couttact of any other species.
In this case however there is no evidence of fraud; and the only gruad, front uhich an inlerei ce can bu dcduced that there was such a mistake as -wouldjuify the intesfereitce of the Court for the purposeof correction, is the Surplus cowaied in the boundaties described by the deed. Whether this geoud he safficient to justify such an inference depends upon the nature and
terms of the ottacL
Contracts for the sale ofland mayle considered of two descriptions. ist. Where the sde is ofa spreifqiuvantits, which is usually denominated a.sale ty the act'e, and tlly, where the sale is nf a specific tract by namt or desdriptio-, each party risking the quantity; and this latter, forsake ofbre%ity, is sometimes called a sale in gross.
It is evident thatin a sale per acre, much less variation from the quantitv intended to be conveyed would affod evidence ofa mistake which would jutif' the interposition "nfa -,urt to coercet it, than would be sufficient for t uuot in atsale if the ttherdesetiption. Bt even in asale per acre, as from the rough,tes and 'ivevenvss of the g-ound from the variation of irstru;ments and firomnthe (1ierent results that -AIlneees-rily be produced by diffierentsurveyorsopttaung uith -he Sant instruments, itiq impracticable to asceitainthe quanltity with pet feet preesion, a small deficit or surplus, howeser exactly the parties may have itended to be confined to t specific quantity, would not juatity an application to a Cmirt ofjutice for relief Iii many eases, how(tver, ofsales of this sort, the plrdes lid not intend to be very s-rupulou.ly exact itA respect to the quantity. There was particularly in the sales riade at an early perod ofthis country gleat liberality ofadmeaurement frequently allwed by the seller and expected by the purchaser. Where thlit was the case to authorize a conclusion fiomnthe surplus contained in the boundaries of a tract, that there wps a mistake of,nuantity, the surplus ought to be gi eater than was usual in conveyances made v.bout the same period 'an4 with the same intention of allowing liberal admeasurement But asin some sles of an early period, and in perhaps a great majority of those oft1 more recent date, such a liberality of admcaturement was not intended by the parliet it would be obviously improper ad unjust to lay down any general rule as to the rate ofsurpluses that wouldjustify an inference of a mistake ulch would
eserve a correctics. Each easemutdepend muchupon its own particultrcircumstances. Whether such an ifrence would be authorized itt,he Ireseut .asewere the sale in question per acre, and not ingro'n,,eed not he(d-t.ermhr. d since we arm of opinion it is of the latter-descriptiort.

876

SUPREME COURT U. S.

vowLxs is iiduced to come to any agrecment, renders the agree

& oTHirS ment or bargain void,%for in such cae a man is not sup-

1,. posed to have agreed absolutely but upon stl)posal of the

C .AG presence of such a thing or qualit), on which as on

&OTHERs. a necesgary condition, his consent was founded, and

---

therefore, the thing or quality not appeati, g, the consent

is understood to be null awl ineffectual." _Pzifendorfs

Lau' of.Miture and Vations, b. i, c. 3, s. 1.

On these principles as applied to this case the Complainants would be entitled to compensation, or the contract Niould be considered as void, unless it was in proof that the surplus was not unusually gr(ert. and was not more than may reasonabi) be supposed to have been !n
contenmplati6n of the parties. As the consideration of' quantity does not appear to hay. bcen the operating nio-
tive %-hichledto the contract though it certairly influenced the price, according to the principles establisl'ed by writers on natural law, it would appear that the er-
ror of the parties rather afforded a groun1 for a decree
of compensation than for annulling the contract.

From an examination of the documents exhibited it will clearly apppar that the parties contracted under an opinion that the survey conotined only two thousand acres, the survey itself specifies that quantity. The
I The deed of conveyance must be taken as conclusive evidence of the terms
of sale unless it had been shou n that lang'tzae not eompot ting with thw true intention ofthe parties had betn inserted through fraud or mistake, ofr which there-is not, the slightest indication in this case.
The deed describes the land by its boundaries and situation, and as "contain"1ing by su6vy fonr. hundred and L%enty-five apres, be the same noreor Ies%" The Vla;n and'mostobvious meaning of the expressions "be the sarte Mre Or less"3 that the parties wore to rin the risk of gain or los as there might happen to be an excess or deiceue in the estimated qnanti'y. This it.is be. lie'ed is the sense in which such an expression is unifi,rmly snderst.od by both the learned and the unlearned. thisidea is n,,t repelled bi theexpres. sion of the quantity of cres; oni the contrary it rather derives strength from the nntmer in yhich -the quantity is mentioned, tat'it plainly indicates that the expression of quantity was used at matter of description only and that it weas th, intention of the parties no" to be confined to a precise" and specific quantily.
We do not mean to be under'stood thatin a sale of this kit d tke surplus or
1
deficit might not e so great as to antltoriz, an inlere,,Ce that it had wru: produced by fraud or mistak, ; but in this v se , l.rt -h- (tiu at.d qesn'i wsa 4125 acres ant the lIrgest quantity whoh any subeqtvet suiuiw-v has made it 6 481 the surplfta does not appear so great as uot to %w'fj n 'the reass utble limits ofa risking bnrgain ofthiskind. Sete in sflipo.'t oi this doutrine ...... Sugden 225, 6 -1 Call. 301. We are therefor, el opi, ion that the decree of the Circuit Ccaur" in favor ofCraig waserroneous and must be reversed with costs.

FEBRUARY TERM 181t4,

377

power of attorney to Joseph Craig describes the land as vowLEs
2000 acres and the receipt of Michael Robinson for thf & OTHER last payment states it expressly to ljb in full for 2000 V. acres of land the property of Mary Frazer. There is coLG not an expression used which shews an intention on &o-rncs. either side to make, a risking bargain.

No eidence appears in the record to shew that military surveys do usually contain swpliis lands, and it is suppised without such proof the Court cannot take judicial notice of such an allegation.

But if the Court should reco.-nize it. must it not also be admitted th4t the surplus in this case (one third) is much more than is usual. The.influence of error on the contracting parties being proved, it lies on the Defendants to brin. thenselves within the exceptions stated
in the case of Young v. Craig, by the oxhibition of ,atisfaitory evidence on those points, this has not been done.

If the Complainants are entitled to relief the next enquiry is, how it sh,,uld be granted. The object or
the parties being a sale and purchase of 2000 acres of
l ld, the contract being made for that quantity only, could Lewis Craig be conp..lled to receive and pay for more? Let itbe supposed that be had made an improvident bargain, that the lands were not worth the price he gave or that since the sale they had greatly depreciated in
value, Mary Frazer or h,- representatives could, on no principle or equity, take advantage of hier own error to rcquire payment for a greater quantity of lands than had c'niie within the contract, and Le%4is Craig might reliieve minself by a conveyance of the surplus land.

As Lewis Craig was not exposed to the risk of depreciation in value, on principles of reciprocity Mary Fra-

zer and her representatives should be placed in the same

situation. and should be entitled to a spccifc re-conveyance,

so far as it can be had without affecting the right, of others. It appears from the proceedings that LeN~is Craig is still in possesion and the owner of a part of

thi i land. and that Jos.ph Craig who was concerned in the purchase, holds another part ; so far as these extend,

a specific re-conveyance may be decreed. As to the other

"VOI,. VPrF

4-q

SUPREMfE COURT U. S.

VOWLEs & oTaRS
V.
VRAIG
&oTHERS.

D-fendants who appear to have ben purchasers, and whw probably had nit notice of the latent equitable claim of the Complainants so as to affect them, it is not contended that they can be compelled to convey. As to t'-o quantity deficient after the conve%ance of the lands hell by Lewis and Joseph Craig, a decree for pecuniary compensatiin according to the present value, if the principles before stated are correct, is the appropriate relief. If the Court should be of opinion that the
Complainants are entitled to their decree in respect to the surplus laud, but should not consider the principles
before stated correct, as to the manner in which it shoild be granted, no alt.'rnative seems to remain but that of adopting the original price (said to have been 95 pr acre,
and from calculation appearing to have been so,) as the measure of compensation. The purchasers having had
the use and received the rents and profits of the land should, as an equivalent, be decreed to pay interest, and an
account should be decreed to ascertain the value of the paper m iney on the 20th December, 1779, and the interest which has accrued.

The length of time which has been suffered to intervene may perhaps he considered as amounting to a waiver of the Complainants equitable right, and be made an objection to a decree for 'relief in any shape.
In reply to this the following facts, which appear on the record, are stated.

That the Defendants soon after their pnrchase remov-
ed to'Kentlcky, wher they continued to reside, and that Mary Frazer and her re-,esentatives always resided in, or near Fredericksburgh, in Virginia.

BLDsoM, for the .qppeY._
Craig purchased Mary Frazer's interest, be it muck ir be it little. Her interest was all lie purchased, and all he could obtain. And as evidence of it she assigned the plat and certiflcate of smuvey, that the patent might issue to Craig for whateverthe survey contained. There was no mistake here. f Craig has got more land from the commnonwealth of Vir.ginia than he ought to bave had, is Mary Frazer or her representatives to step into the

FEBRUARY TERM 1811.
place of the commonwealth to correct the error or the vowus fraud? Or is she to step into Craig's place to defrau & OrHERF,
that commonwealth or to take advantage of the error of T. its officer because she once owned 2ooo acres of land CFAIO which she has parted with? H'd shxe carved andgranted a&o'rRERS definite interest out of her claim, retainiug a part, th-i question might lie differently settled. But in this case she would be worse thana volonteer who cannot be com-
pensated in equity. Sie \ dld be a volunteer malafide.
A Complainant in equity must recover on the strength and soundness of hi!o3wn title. It is not siflicient that the Defendant is in the wrong; the Plaintiff must have right.
If the claim of the Complainants to any part of the laln4 itselfwere to be sustained, whe.ie w-ould you begin on the survey to correct the error? On wlich end, side, or corner? The beginning and ending corners of a survey are arbitrarily designated bN the surveyor whni lie makes out his plat and cefificat e: seldom or never corresponding with the tutiiai siages of process on the ground itself,
But as it was clearly the intention of the parties that the whole -lhould be s,,ld, and as the evidence of the vholie was transl'Orrv'd, tme utmost that the Complainants could, inanly, Cut conscientiously ask, would be, that the Deilentanis should reftund a part of the purchase money, in proportion tothe surplus, with interest, which must be reduced by the scale of depreciation.
Tonn, J. after stating the case, delivered the opinion of tile Court as fullows
In the written arguments suhmitted by the parties, it is adhnilted by the counsel for the App, llants that the evidence ex! ibited, does not support the allegatitn in the hill, that the a-signnient was made during the minority of Mar3 Frazer. Thiq admnission renders it un. noessary tor Mi~e Court to go into a minute examination of tile evidence; it will be suffi, ient -to observ, that tle testimon' is clear and satiufactury m3this point; and, therefore. there is no preteuim for setting nside the contract and decreeing a rerconveyance of the land But it is contended that the Complainants re entitled

SUPrEME COURT. U S.
vowizs to relief in sonic shape for the surplus land contained & OTHERS %Nithinthe swrvey ; either by a decree for the re-convey-
v. altce of the surplus land ; by a pecuniary compensation CRAIG Ihr it according to its present value; or by a pecuniary s&o'i ErS. compensation according to the price at w hich the land
was sold, on which interest should be allowsed.
This argument assumes for its basis, that there existed a mistake as to the thing sold. If there was a mistake, how did it originate, and NIo is injured thereby ? Was there a inistake? It may be enquired to what quantity of land was Mary Frazer entitled by vii tue of the governor's warrant issued in pursuance of the royal proclamation ? To two thousand acres. How much did site sell and receive pa3 ment for? r1A o thousand acres. It would appear front this that she had solo and received payment for as much land as she was entitled to. How cones it, that this surplus was included in the survey ? From tlhe fraud, dsign, ignorance or negligence of the survey'or. W -ho is defraued or inju& d thcrebj ? The commonwealth of Virginia, and not Mary Frazer. For -%hat is it asked that comapensation shall be made? For land which, by the fraud, design, ignorance or negligence of the surveyor, Mary ]Frazer might by possibility have been entitled to. Was the sale of this survey of a speciflc quantity, at a certain price per acre? or was it a sale of a specific tract? The bill alleges it was of the first description ; the answers deny it, and say it was of the latter. There is no pl'oof to support the allegation in the bill, unless fr) the sur~e3 , a pow.er of attorney, and the receipt for the purchasq money, it should be infei.'ed, that as they relate to 2,000 acres of land, only that quantity was intended to be included in the sale. But this proof is conceived to furnish a very opposite conclusion, the. description,and designation.of the tract of land sold, not as part of a tract, but an entire tract. The answers, being supported by the assignment, that it was a sale of the whole survey, and being also responsive to an allegation as well as to an interrogatory in the bill, must be taken as true and conclusive. When an assignment is made of a plat and certificate of survey, the purchaser takes it subject to the risk of its containing a less quantity than is expressed on its face, and should it contain more he is intitled to it. In the case of "mng

FEBRUARY TERM 18it.
,v. Craig, decided by the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, voWi.ns (a copy of which'has'been furnished and relied on by & OTUlIS each party) the Court say, "there was, particularly v. 6 in thesales made at an early period of this fouzTry, CRAIG
great liberality of admeasurement frequently allowed &OTiERS. "by the seller and expected by ihe purchaser. Where "this was the case, to authorize a conclusion, from the "surplus contained in the boundaries of a tract, that "there was a mistake of quantity, the surplus ought to "be greater than was usual in conveyances made about '6the same period." Now it appears from a statement in the bill, as well as from the general history of the country, that it was usual and'customary to make considerable allo%iatice in military surveys; and it is not showc that the surplus in this is greater than in othey surveys made about the same time. Again, in thesame case, the Court proceed, "r it would be obviously im"proper and unjust to lay down any general rule as to ",the rate of surplus that would justify an inference of , mistake which would deserve correction; each case 't must depend upon its own particular circumstances"whether such an inference would be authorized in the "present case, were the sale in question per acre and "not in gross, need not be determined since we are of · opinion it is of the latter description." If this reasoning be correct as to conveyances, it will apply with redoubled force to assignments of plats and certificates of survey, where the purchaser takes it subject to the risk of its containing less than it specifies.
Mary Frazer or tiz Complainants can be considere4 in no other view, than mere volunteers mnalafide, and of course not entitled to the aid of a Court of Equity,
It seems, as a necessary consequence, if the Complainants are not entitled to the sirrplus land, they are not to compensation in either of the other modes contended for. Where there is noiight there can be no claim to compensation sustained.
Decree affirmed with costs.

FEBRUARY TERM 181A.

lions, that the property which is rendered auxiliary or subservient to enemy interests, becomes tainted with forfeiture.
I cannet but remark that the license in tins case, issued within our own territory by an agent of the British government, carries with it a peculiarly obnoxious character. This circumstance, which is founded on an assumption of consular authority that ought to hae ceased with the war, afbrds the strongest evidence of improper intercourse. The public dangers to which it must unavoidably lead, by fostering interests. vithin th bosom of the country,, against tbe measures of the 'goN ernnt, and the breach of faith wiich it imports in a public functionary receiving the protection of the government, can never he lost sight of in a tribunal 'of justice. I forbear to dwell further on this -delicato subject.

THE
JULUI, LUCE,
M ASTEt.

Upon the whole, I consider the property" .gaged in
this transaction as stamptd with the hostile characer ; and I entirely concur in the decisi n of the district ,judge, which pronounced it subject to condemnation."

TIE AURORA, PINE, 31STE.

THIS Nas an appeal from the Circuit Court for The ceep-

dwi district of Rhod Isiand.

The and p-

or"at enemy's

The folloving were the material facts of the case-: iense on, g

Voyage to a

neutral port,
Sonme months after the declaration of war, the ship prosecuted il
fitherance of
Aurora, documented as American property, and owned the enemy's by Thomas M. Clarke and Ebeezer VXhjelright, the avoled ohClaimants, who are Anieica citizens, saiIr7fromn New- ,and iletl,

burypirt to Norfolk, in ballast. At the latter place esseand car. ste took in a carg o consisting of bread, flour, corn, &c. goto confiseca.

and sailed from thence on or about the 12th November, ris not neet. 1812, ostensibly for St. Bartholomews, a neutral island. "to11''Ub1je1et)Ortdheer helonging to the Swedes, for which port site bad obtain- ,, uvodtth

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE ed ber clearance. The cargo was consigned to the seAURORA, -p ecarfgo of tile ship. On thr, 26th Nvemb'r, 1812,
ri n. she was captured by the American privateer schooner, XAsTEl. g..vrnor Tompk ins, onthe high seas. At the time of
capture, she was to Vie leeward of St. Bartholomews, nd .unation, and had on board a British license, which she exhibited that the per- to the captors, supposing them ,to be British. This lithe license cense consisted of three documents:

should be duly authorized to
grant it, pro- Ist. A pass for the West Indies, exclusively, D om vided thceler- Andrew Alln, his Britannic majesty's consul residing it takesit wih son receiing at Boston ; to which is annexed a copy of a letter, tinthe expecta der the consular seal, from admiral Sa-wycr to Mr protect Ins tion that it ivill Allen, as follows:
property fr-ou
tShainiegn,enwlyi.th " To the commanders of any of his majesty's ships

an intenttoioOnf war or of private armed ships belonging to his ma-

fu.th.r the, jesty.

views of the

enelhy, is sUar

fick-nt to con. - Whereas from aconsideration of the great importance

tlerim the po f~-

,

o.f continuin a regular supply of flour and other dry

though thatin- provisions ar(l lumber to the British islands inthe West

teation be Indies, it has-been deemed expedient by his majesty's

fruistrated by

oupture. government, that, notwvithstanding tie hostilities now

existing between Great Brit-ain and the United States

of America, evei-y protection andencouragement should

be given to Amerirliii vessels laden with flour and other

dry provisions and lumber, and bound to the British is

lands in the West'Indies. And whereas in futherance of these views of his majesty's government. Herbert

Sa')er, esq. vice admiral and commander in chief of his majesty's squadron on the Halifax statien, has d"-.

rected to me a letter under date of the 5th August, 812,

(a copy -whereof is hereunto annexed) wherein I am

instructed to furnish a copy of his letter, certified ulndt-r

my onstular seal, to every American vessel so laden

and bound to the West Indies, which is designed as a

perfect safeguard and protection to such vessel in the

prosec'ution of such voyage. , Now, therefore, in pur-

suance of' these instructions, I have granted to the American xhip Aurora, William Augustu§ Pike, master,

burthen 257 4.7-95ths. tons, piow lying in the harbor of

Newburport, and bound ,to Norfolk for a carjgo of

flour, corn and other dry provisions for St. Bartholo-

N ews, the annexed document, to avail oily in a dirttci

FEBRUARY TERMI181.

voyage to the West. Indies and -back to' the United States ; rtjuesting all.the offic(rs commanding his majesty's ships of war, or of p iyate armed vessels bnlgig to subjects of Iis majesty, not only to sufter the
said Aurora to pass without molestation, but also to extend to her all d~e assistance and ptotection in the prosecution of her vsoYage to the NAest Indies and in her
returni to the United States laden with merchandize not exceedijig the nett amount of lher.outward cargo, or in ballast only.

T11E
AU11o0A. PIKB,
MASTER.,

",Given under my hand and seal of otfice this-first day of October, 18s2.

"ANDREW -'ALLEN, jun. His majesty's consul."
To the above pass was annexed the following copy of a letter from admiral Sawyer certified under the consular seal, and alluded to jn the above docuhnent.
His najest!!'s ship Centurion, At Italifar,the 5th of August, 1812.
"SIR,
- I have fully considered that part of your letter of the 18th ultimo, which relates to the means of ensuring a constant supply of flour and other dry provisions to Spain and Portugal, and to the West India islands; and, being aware of the importance of the subject, concur in the proposition you have made.
6 I shall therefore give directions to the commanders of his majesty's squadron under my command, not to molest American vzssels so laden, and unarmed, bona fide bound to British, Portuguese or Spanish ports, whose papers shall be accompanied with a certified copy of this letter, under the consular seal.
-I have the nonor to be, sir, "Your most obedient humble servant, ",H. SAWYER, Vice dmiral.
Andrew Allen, esq.
MBthh Cnsul Boston.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE
AURORA,
PiKE, MASTER.

,, Offlee of his Britannic.Majesty's Consid.
I, Andrew Allen, junior, his Britannic majesty's consul for the states of Massachusetti, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Connecticut, do hereby certify, that the annexed paper is a true copy of 'a letter addressed to me by H. Sawyer, esq. vice adnliral and commander in chief of his majesty's squadron on the Halifax station.

[sEAL.]

if Given under my hand and seal of office, at Boston, in the state of Massachusetts, this.first (lay of October, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight
hundred and twelve.
AN DREW ALLEN, jun."

2d. The following certificate of the Consul:

,ffce of his BPitannic najesty's Co u.

I, Andrew Allen, junior, his Britannic majesty's consul for the states of Massachnsett6, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Connecticut, do hereby certify, that
the ship Aul-ora, Win. Augustus Pike, being bound to St. Barflolomenws (on account of the existing law of the United States, which prevents her return to the United States from a British port) contemplates fulfilling the object comprised in the accopipanying license from H. Sawyer, esq. vice admiral and commander in chief on the. Halifax station, through a neutral port irr alliance with Great Britain.

[SEAL.]

, Given rider my hand and seal of office,
at Boston, in the state of Massachusetts, this second day of October, in the year of our Lord, one thousand

eight hundred and twelve.

ANDREW ALLEN, jun."

3d. The following general pass for the West Indies.

4, Office ofhis Britannic,Majesty'sConsul.

16 1, Andrew Allen, jun. his Britannic mijesty's consil for the states of Massachusetts, New Hampshire.

FEBRUARY TERM f 1M.
Rhode Island and Connecticut, request all Oflicers THE commanding his majesty's ships of war, or private rilft- AURORA, ed ships belonging to subjects of his majesty, to permit Pixe, the American ship. Aurora, William Augustus Pike, MASTE.. master. now lying in the harbor of 'Newburyport, and furnished with a protection from vice admiral Sawyer, for the purpose of carrying flour, corn, lunber and other necessary provisions to the West Indies, and proceeding to-Norfolk in ballast for a cargo, to pass without molestation.

[sEA .]

- Given under my hand And seal of office, at Boston, in the state of Massachuisetts, this fir.t day of October, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred- and twelve.
" ANDREW ALLEN, ju\"

The Aurora was carried into Newport, Rhode. Ts land, and there libelled. The Circuit Court of that district condemned vessel and cargo as prize to the captors; from which sentence the Claimants appealed to this
Court.

r HUNTER, for .8ppallants.

The libel, in this case, sets forth that the sailing was for the put-pose of supplying the British West India co-
lonies, and that the papers stating the voyage to St. Bartholomews, were fraudulent and collusive ; and urges the condemnation of vessel and cargo, on the follow-
ing grounds:-

1. That the possession of and sailing with a British license is cause of capture and condemnation.

2. That the voyage of the Aurora was intended as an indirect voyage to a British port, through St. Barts.

S. That the real destination of the ship wqs to a British port.*

On the first point, it is contended, on the part of the Claimants, that the having on board a British license or

SUPIEME COURT U. S.

THE
AURORA, PIKE,
MASTER.

pass in a lawful trade to a neutral country, could not, before the act of congress of August I,1813, pi ohibiting the use of British licenses, subject a vessel to capture.
This is clear from the act itself, the operation ol which is not to commence from its passage. but, witi 'regard to vessls then in port, was to take effect in five days after the p omulgation of the act; with regard to vessels at adistance from the United States, not until the 1st of November; and in some cases not before the ist of December ibllowing. Hence it is evident that the legislature did not consider this act as merely declaratory of the law of nations on the subject, but as then, for the first time, making the use of a British license by an American vess,, illegal. Laws of U, S. -vol. 12, p. 226.

But we are bound to meet the general proposition, which is that the use of such a jicens%- gives a hostile character to the property and the voyage.

The doctrine, that any intercourse with the enemy exposes to condennati,n, has been supposed to be very ancieht; but we find no case of a d,,cisi',n ,ipon the principle, till the year 1717, when a bill was brotight into parliament in consequence of insurance made fir enemies. Parl. debates vol. 26, p. 178. Shi Willian .Jfuiray's speech, on the suojeet of insuringenemy property, and I T. R. 81, Gist v. ,Mason.

The rule appears to us to be unreasonable and impolitic. Where is the harm oftaking advantage rofa relaxation of the rights of war by the enemy ? How ca;n. that be a crime when granted by ths p,,li'y of the enemy, which would have been no crime if obtained by frorce-
by conquest? It is not less for our own interest to take advantage of such permission from the enmy, than it is for his interest to grant it. It is a public benefit.

The general rule by which to determine the national character of a vessel, is the domicil of the owner. Here, the owners were American citizens. The case of a vrssel sailing under the flag or assumed character of a country to which she does not belong, is admitted to be an exception to the general rule. But here was no sailing under such assumed character. AU-the papers of

FEBRUARY TERM i81i.

the Aurora were American, except the one in question, which cannot of itself be sufficient to give a hostile. chavacter to the holders of it, nor to the vessel and cargo. I . . T. 1. 64, Jenks v. Hullet and al.-Chitty's laW of rations 58.-Caseof the Clarissacited in 5 Rob 4. The
Vro'w Elizabeth.

THE
AURORA., PIKE.,
M ASTER.

The only prohibition, existing at the time of the sailing of the Aurora was to take a license to a British port. That was prohibited by the act of July 6th, 1812, 7.

By that act, we admit, all commercial intercourse with the enemy, was rendered unlawful; but we contend
that it was not unlawful to use a British license in anettralvoyage. i Rob. 167, !00. The Hoop.

Suppose Great Britain should think proper to permit a particular neutral trade-suppose she were pven to protect it by convoy-are we bound to refuse to accept such permission-such protection ?

Valin laughs at the English for restoring, in the form of insurance, the captures mads, by their cruizers; but does not censure the French merchant for taking it.
The voyage in this case was not made by the license. but merely made safer by it. The voyage was certainly lawful without it: and a license to pursue a voyage which was lawful without it, cannot make that vyagai mlawful. Pamphletofcases decidedin the DistrictCourts of Penanylvania and Malssachusetts, p. 80, 8i. Judge Davis' opinionon the use of Britishlicenses. Judge Peters' opinion.-I Vez. 317. Thinoncean's Iiynk. 166.

On the second point, viz. That the voyage of the Aurora was intended as ati indirect voyage to a British port through St. Barts, it is, contended by the Claimants, thaft there is no evidence to justify the fact as-
sumed.

Was this a bonafide voyage to St. Barts? On the de-

cision of this point the whole case turns. In discussing this question all the circumstances of the case should he taken into consideration. Vid. 1'ortalis' opinion in the case o the Pigou. conlained iL a noul to the case of 11w

VO VIII.

Z7

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TnE AURORA, Pinic,
MASTER.
.....

Charming Betsey, 2 Cranch, ,98. lid. also Ch. J. MAu SHALL'S Opinion in the case of the .Matilda decided in North Carolina. Hall's law journa, 487.
With respect to those circumstances attending the transaction, which, on first view, are perhaps calculated to excite a suspicion that this was not a baoaj'de voyage to St. Barts, it may be observed, that it was the object of the Aurora to deceive the enemy, and thereby obtain an exemption from capture, during the voyage, by inducing him to suppose that the cargo was ultimately intended for the British. Such an imposition, in a case like the present, we conceive was justifiable.

What motive could the Aurora have had for sailino to a British island rather than to St. Barts ? At a British island, she could only take in a cargo of rum; and the importation of such- a ('argo was prohibited by our own laws. At St. Barrs, she could take in a general West India cargo. Motives of interest, therefore, would have induced her to go to the latter place rather than the former.
But suppose the intention was to go to a British port; was that intention executed ? It wa not. But accordiik" oothe decision in the case of the .1bby, 5 Rob. 251. there must be an act of tradin, as well as an intention. in order to subject the vessel to condemnatioa.

On the third p-)int, which, it is presumed, constitutes the stress of the casw, we contend that the real destination of the Aurora was not to a British port, and that
the condemnation on the ground of a British supply being intended and proceeded in, is erroneous and against proof'

That the supply of the British West Indies was the object of admiral Sawyer in granting the lice.se, we do not deny: but what his intention was, is perfectly immaterial : such was not our intention in accepting it. Our
object was to escape capture ; and with that view we obt:oired a license from te enemy, by inducing him to helie, that we intended to furnish supplies to his
jilands.

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

alI

What is said by Allen, the constu, is mere surplus-
age: his authority extend d no farther than to ccltify admiral Sawjer's letter: having done this, he vasfitnctus fcio. But suppose the license granted, by Allen to have been valid, it wvas only for a voyage to St. Barts, and would not have protected the Aurora in any other voyage: That was the voyage insured.

THE
AVRORA, i,i.E,
MASTER.

J. WOODWARD, contra.

With regard to the act of .qu'mt 2, 1813, Nihich htas been said, by the coui.sel for the Claimants, to prove that the use of British licenses, pre%ions to the pass:ige of that act. was not unlawful, we are still of opinion that the act is merely in affirmation of the law of nations. It is also cumulative-it adds penalties to what was before unlawful ; but does not make any thing un-
lawful which Nas not so before. The latter clause in* the 3d sec. of the act, providing ,, that nothing contained in the said act shall be so construed as to arrest or stay any lprosecutions," &c. was intended to guard against the construction which the Claimants have now attempted to give it. The several periods of time allowed to
vessels In different situations, to obtain notice of the act, were allowed them in order that they might be enabled to avoid the new penalties. *

Trading with the enemy Nas an intdictable offence at comm~on law. 2 RoUe's .Abr. 173, but it was necessary for congress to fix the penalty for tradin. on laud :this they liave accordingly done in the act of July G, i8]2. By the course of the admiralty, the thing itself was liable to forfeiture for trading with the enemy.
The British papers on board the Aurora shew a case
of supply ; and therefore the question of pass or license is immaterial. The pass was expressly for the purpose of supplying the enlemy.

But suppose the papers do not prove a case of supply, the ns of the license on the high seas is, of itself,.suflicient to give the property a hostile' character. The license in this case is essentially diff-rent from a general
license by an order in council. There no special favorno particular benefit, is granted.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE AURoRA,
riKE,
MASTER.

The use of a hostile protection in the prosecution of a neutral trade, gives a hostile character to the voyage. Sailing under a hostile convoy is good ground of con-
demnation; sir Wifiam Scott denominates it ,,illicit
protection." Sailing under two commissions is also cause of condemnation. ralin,p. 241, b. 3, art. 9. All these ca-
ses are analogous to the present. The Aurora was sailing tinder the physical force of the enemy. Admiral Sawyer's letter requires the British naval force to assist
her in the proscution of her vnyage. She must, therefore be considered as having placed herself under the protection of the enemy, and as having, consequently
abandoned her national character.

Trading with an enemy was cause of forfeiture at common law; and whatever %as cause of forfeiture at common law, is good cause of condemnation in the admiralty. 2 Rob. 8W, 69. Thie Walsingham Packet.

The case of Jenks v. Hallet and al. cited by the Claimants, is'not applicable to the present case: we were not then at war with France.

Sir William Scott, in the case of tme Vigilantia, I Rob. ii, 13, has laid it down as a known and established rule, that if a vessel is'navigating under the pass of a foreign country, she is considered as bearing the national char-
acter of that nation under whose pass she sails. Now
what was the license in question but such a pass ?

The license is not a docutment under the law of nations. The granting of it is the exercise of a municipal right-a prerogative to the crown. The king, however, has no right to grant licenses, to any but his own subjects, without a particular act of parliament aut or-
izing him so to do: There is no case in which lie has granted a license to strangers without such an act of parliament. If a license be granted without such authority, the person who takes it can take it only as a subject. Chitty's law of nations, 256.-id. 316.-2 Roll. Mlbr. 173, tit. Prerogatie.-IRob. 199, 200. The Hoop.-
2 Tucker's Bl. Com. 258.-Chilty's law of nations, 278.
-Reeves, 358.

Any commercial intercourse, direct or indirect, with

FEBRUARY TERM 1i81.
the enemy, is illegal, and cause. of condemnation : its il- THE legality does not depend on contract. The intervention AURORA, of a neutral port make no diff rence. 8 T. R. 555. PiKE, Pottsv. Bell and al.-.4 Rob. 68, 69, 83, 8-. The Johge MASTElR. Pieter.-I Rob. 165, 196. The Hoop.-Chitty's law of-nat ions, 13, 14, 15.
When the Aurora was taken, she was out of the. course to St. B:.rts, and very far to the leeward of that island. These circumstances afford a strong suspicion that her destination was to some other port.
The return cargo was British produce, and, primafacie, British prvptrty: if it %%asnot, it is on the Claimants to shew it.
It appears that the captain was kept ignorant of the real destination of the Aurora. and thAt the supercargo, during his examination in preparatoria, was guilty of preiarication. These cir umstances alone are good cause of condemnation. Chithi's law f nations, 314.
As to what has been said with regard to the intention not being carried into effect, we contend that it was carried into effect to every legal purpose. An overt-act was sufficient to constitute the offence ; ,and sailing with the license was such an overt act.
PINKNEY, on the same side.
The rule, that trade with the enemy is illegal, results necessarily from the declaration -of war, and is included in it: There was no necessity for any subsequent law to enforce the rule.
It has been said that no judicial decision on this subject is to he found of an earlier date than 1747. It is true sir William Scott, in his enumeration of cases where this question was agitated has gone no farther back than that date: but sir John .Nicholls, in his argument in the case of Potts -. Bell, has cited cames from sir Edward Simpsoz's .MS. reports in the admiralty, where this principle was decided to be correct as early as 704, and 1707 : and it is to be presumed that those

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE
AuROnA,
PIKE,
-MASTE.

decisions were founded upon former cases. See also 1, Vez. 3i7, Ilenkle v. the Royal Ex. In. Co. itV 1749.
The general rule is above all impeachment.

This case may be considered, as it regards,

Ist. The license alone.

2d. The license as connected with the transaction itself.

First, then, we contend that no American citizen, in a rime of war, has a right voluntarily to place himself u: der the protection of the enemy. War exists between
tho nations in their political capacity, and between thp individuals of each nation respectively. The power of making peace follows the power of making war. Individuals cannot lawfully make peace even for themselves. But the accelitance of a license from the enemy is makibg a peace with him so far as it goes-it is
a partial truce--a partial cessation of histilities. Transactions of this kind are productive of gi eat evil. The American citizen who accepts a license from the enemy, does that which is highly injurious to the interests of his country: The indulgence of the enemy' imposes on him an obligation to act as a neutral, contrary to his duty as a citizen-it is an individtial bribe-it has a tendency to poison the whole virtue and
patriotism of the country-to undermine the govern ment-to alienate the affections of the citizens, and to place the nation in the power of the enemy.

The circumstance, that acts of congress have been
passed prohibiting trade with the enemy, the use of his licenses, &c. has been urged by tho Claimants, as evidence that such communication with the enemy was not unlawful prior to the passage of those acts. But we contend that, it was unlawful under a well established rule of the law of nations; and that if these acts have
not repealed that rule, they cannot aid the Claimants in the present case. Sir Win. Scott's observations in the case of the Ri ff'ning, are in point. 2, Rob. 137, 165.

But we have a special answer to the argument of the

FEBRUARY TERM i814.,

Claimants. The act of July 6, goes upon the pre- THE

sumption that tie intercourse with the enemy which AURORA.

it prohibits, was before unlawful-it does not profess PriK,

to create a new offence.

MASTEI1.

Considering, then, this point as settled, the arguiTent, that the act of 6th July prohibits the use of licenses to trade with British ports only, falls to the
ground.

The caseof ransom has been said to militate with thk argument w9 have employed in support of the illegality of sailing under the protection of the enemy. But the cases are widely difftrent. In a case of ransom, the
captured vessel is compelled to make an agreement
with the enemy-she is under the necessity of accepting their protection-here the transaction was'perfectly voluntary.

The rule of "17.6, declaring illegal the coasting trade permit.ted by the enemy in time of war, which
Was prohibited by hiu in time of peace, is founded upon the same general principle. It, then, the pernsision
only of the enemy gives a hostile charaoter to vessels sailing under that permission, a fortiori,they acquirp. a hostile character by sailing under the protection of the enemy.

But suppose the Claimants in thii case did not mean to aid the British, but merely to benefit themselves at the expense of their country and their fellow citizensstill the object of the license and tie obvious conseqnence
of the voyage, was the supply of the British West
Indies. This the Claimant, must have known. They knew, also, that the pressure of the West Indies was one of the mean@ which the United States were using to coerce the mewy: yet they become the agents of the British to prevent this pressure. If a neutral carry
despatches for one of the belligerent pawers, it affords just cause of condeniation to the other: How muich stronger is the case of a citizen of one of the belligerent nations furnishing the other with supplies.

It has been said that here was only an intent to commit an illegal act) (supposing the act contemplated to

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE
AURORA, PIKF,,
MASTER.

b illegal,) that there was no corpus delicti. But we contend that the very art of sailing with a view to execute the irtention, constitutes the offence. Such is the law in ease of blockade : if a vessel sails for a block-
aded port, knowing it to be blockaded, she thereby, acquires a hostile character.

We might here conteild that the real destination of the Aurora was n,)t to St. Barts, but to a British port; for it appears that, when raptured, she was(,1610 miles to the leeward f that island but it is unnecessary to
9ay any thing on this point, as the principle, is the same; and the vessel equally liable to condemnation, whether her destination were to a British port or to St. Barts : in the latter case, the cat-go, it was well known, would
be obtained by the enemy from the Swedes ; so that it was, in effect, the same thing as if it had been carried direct to the enemy.

DEXTER,' ir reply.

It is the universdilty of the rule in question we mean
to controvert--we ilen. that there is such a general rule. It is not to be found in 1'uffewtorf, Grotins, Vattel or any of the oilier jurists excepting Bynkershoek, whose rules of war are written in blood: and even lie has qua-dified the rule-lie says himself that the rule prohibiting all commercial intercourse is that away by the laws of commerce. Vrfditu only shows that a particular inter-
course is forbidden by the law of France ; and, in noticing Britili insurance, he does not condemn the French for procu,'ing it. rho .case of Potts v. Bell proves that the doctrine in question has hut recently been introduced: it is, however, in that case admitted with the exception of thoge rAses wh.,re tie royal license
has been obtained: but this exception must be taken as part of the rule itself: The general principle without the exception would be ruinous to the nation: The inchnveniences *hich would arise from it ire incalculable. In 1747, lord Mansfield and sir Iiidley Ryder were of
at dilfrent opinion as to the policy of the rule, and as
to the principle of laW.

Ih Henkle i. the Royal Ex. .As. Co. lord Hardwicke said - It might be going too far to say that all trading

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

cc with an enemy is unlawful; for the general doctrine ,,would go a great way even where only Englisht goods " were exported, and none of the enemy's imported,
",which may be very beneficial.'

THE AURORA.
rxnK,
MASTER.

In this country there has been no decision to establish the rule; and if we take the British rule, we must take it with the power of dispensation: but the president hs n. such power: the sovereignty has been said to reside in the people: but the remedy by application to congress would be too slow and uncertain, We must conclude, thertfore, that in this country no such rule exists.

It has, nevertheless, been contended, by the counsel for the captors, that the rule not only exists, but that it is universal. Is a man, then, bound to abandon all
his property which may happen to be in the enemy's country at the breaking out of a war? Such Would be the consequence of taking the rule without any exception. Some cases of intercourse with the enemy, itis true, are so palpably illegal as to admit of no doubt on the subject; such as all traiterous intercourse, and perliaps a direct trade; so, also, if the intercourse be in consequence of a new enterprize undertaken since the commencement of hostilities-: but many cases must necessarily occur, on the breaking out of a war, which ought certainly to form exceptions: Such is the doctrine in Evgland, where the excepted cases are provided for by the royal license permitting intercourse with the enemy, under certain circumstances and with certain restrictions. In a country, then, where licenses cannot be obtained, all cass where they would be granted if a power of granting them existed, must be cases of judicial exception to the general rule. Many occasions may and frequently do occur, during war, on
which such intercourse with the enemy would he highly expedient in a political view-occasions where the publie good requires an exception; and those, too, cases neither of necessity nor humanity, which must always be excepted.

It is not necessary to inquire whether the mere accep-

tanoe of a license is ground of condemnation ; it is the

sailingunder a license which constitutes the offence- but

VOL. VIIL

28

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TInM AUROA.,
riKE,
MASTnR.

in our case there was nosiiling under the license. The license authorized a voyage to a British, Portuguese or Spanish port: the voyage in the present case was to a port belo ging to the Swedes: the letter of Allen, the consul, which has been said to authorize a voyage to a
Swedish port also, is entitled to no regard. Admiral Sawyer's letter was the only protection: all the a-'ts of Allen, except certifyifig that letter, were unauthorized and unoffioial; they were no protection to the Au.'ora. Allen's ltter~shows, on the face of it, that the voyage to St. Barts was not ov'red by the license ; it merely expresses an opinion that that voyage would answer the purposes cont'mplated by the British government as well as a voyage to a British port.

It has been said that the real destination of the Aurora was to a llritisn poit ; and in support of the position. the circumstance of h,,r being considerably to the leeward of St. Barts, when captured, has been urged in
proof; but the argument deserves little consideration ; it is a verycoinon thing to fall to the leeward : besides,
it appears that the Aurora had been beating to the windward three days befoi e she was captured, although wheu she first made the land, there were numerous Bri. tish ports under her lee.

It has also been argued on the lrt of the captors, that a t ans.ship:nent from St. Barts to an enemy port was intenhed : but there is no t-vidence even of this: nor
was ihere any motive for such trans-shipment: the cargo would meet with as ready a sale at St. 13arts as at a British island: the superior advantage of taking in a return caigo at the forier placelhas been alrieady noticed.

But it is said that it was equally criminal to carry this cargo to St. Barts Ps to) a port of the enemy, because the Swedes would probably dispo;e of it to the British. This argument, also, we conceive to be wholly- 'ithout foundation : no. decision to that effect has ever been pronounced : the caseof the island of St. Eustatius, in. the .last war goes to prove the reverse of this
doctrine.

Nothing, therefore, as we conceive, having been pro. ved., on the liart of the captors, sufficient to subject thi

FEBRUARY TERM 1811.

property in question to condemnation, we trust that the Court, on the consideration of the whole. case, will det*ree restitution to the Claimants.
Jroiulayl, Ofarch 7th. .Abseizt....'l'onn, .L..

TH. Li-oa A.
I 1 F,
MlASTER.

LIVINLISTON, J. delivered the opinion of the Conr
The ship Aurora and cargo. owned by the Claimants, who are Amiefican citizens, and docunientud as American prolprty, were capturc(d, t-n the 26t4t ol Novinber 1812, by the private armed ship Govternlor Tompkinoon an ostensible destination for St. Ilartholmtaews. From the documents o6 board and tliv preparatory exaininations, it appears that the ship sailed troin Newburyport to Norfolk, in ballast, took in her presetit rargo, consisting" t' bread, flour, corn, &c. at the latter place, and sailed fr'om thence on the voyage on whi,-h she was captured, on or aboit the l2thof Nivemnber, t812. The cargo was consigned to the slip,.rcargo of the ship ; and the destination thereof upon the ships lpapers, supported by the preparatory exaininations, was St. Ba'tholon,-ws, for which island the ship obtained her clearance. At the time ofcapture, she wastothe leeward of thatisland ; and certain passporls or prot(ections from the agents of the British government were found on board, which are familiarly known by the title of British licenses; which docuenivts are as tollows.;*:
Two qInelioni have bee., inade at bar. 1. Whether the acceptance atid use of an enemy's license or passport oetprotection, on a voyage perfilrmed in furtherance of the eaciny's avot(ed oblets, be illegal, so as io affect the pr pjrty with confiscation. 2. Ilso, whether there is any thin- in the piresent case, to exempt it from the general principle.
The first point having just been decided in the affirmative, in the Julia, it only remains to enquire whether there be any thing in this case to exempt it from' the general principle.
In the opinion of a majority of the Court, it is not easy to discriminate b tween these cases : both of the yes-
See the 3tatement at the beginning of the report. fthisco.

SUPREME COURT. U S.

TR, AURORA,
IKE,
MASTER.

sels had licenses or passports of the same character, and
substantially for the same purpose, except only that the object of the Julia was to suipply the allied armies in
Portugal, and the original intention of the Aurora was to go the British West Indics. It is by no means clear
that this destination was ever changed; but admitting that. from an apprehension of's .]zure in case of her returning to the United States after touching at a British port. she, in fact, sailed on a voyage to St. BartholQ-
mewvs, this can' make no siibtantial difference in her favor. Her object in going tirre was equally criminal, and subserved the views of the enemy nearly if not quite as we'l as if her ci rga had bren landed in a British island ; of the real design of the voyage there ctn remain no doubt; for it abundantly appears, from tne license itself, that the professed object -f admiral Sawyer at least, in granting it. was to obt-.tin a supply of provisions for the tnem) ; and the Co,,rt will not easily lend its car to a suggestion. tiat notwithstanding the Aurora was found with a British protection on boai d, of so obnoxious a character, yet her owners intended to deceive
the enemy, either by going to a port not mentioned it) it, or by disposing of her cargo in a way th:!t would not
have promoted his views. Without meaning to say that such conduct may under no circumstances whatevcr be explained, the Court thinks that there is no proof, in this case, to shew that it was not the intention of the Claimants to carry into effect the original understanding between them and Mr. Allen. For although the destination to St. Barthlonmews be conceded, it is evident that Mr. Alln, who acted as British consul, supposed the views of admiral Sawyer might be anqered as well in that, as in any other way ; nour is it clear, as was said at bar, that the docmnents which were received f'om Mr. Allen, which varied more in fsri than in substance from the admiral's passport, would nut have protected her against British captur'e, on a voyage to that island. The protection of admiral Sawyer extended to unarmed
American vessels laden with dry provisions, and boim fide bonu to Bitish, Prtuguese or Spanim ports. The onlv modifiration, or extenti.o, introduced by Mr. Allen, was a permission to go to a Swdlish island, equq.lly neutral with Spain atid Portugal. in the vicinity of tli British possessions. Whether all or any ofthese papers would have saved the Aurora from confication
in 4 British Court of admiralty, this Court is not bound

FEBRUARY TERM 8I4.

to assert; it is sufficient if that were the reasonable expectation of the parties, as it certainly was, and it is more than probable that such expectation would have been realized, cousidering the veryimportant advantage
which the enemy was to derive from them. In case of capture, there can be no doubt that the Claimants would have interposed these very papers, which are now supposed to have emanated trom unauthorized agents, and T,robaihly with success, as a shield against forfeiture. .Whiy then. should they be permitted to allege here, that they would have been ineffectual for that purpose?

THE AURORA,
PiKE, MASTEP.

It is also insisted, that, in this case, no illicit intercourse had actually taken place; that the %hole offence, if any, consisted in intetozm; and that if a capture htd iiot intervn-d, there was still a locus peuitentim, and no ene can sai that even a project of going to St. Bartholomews mighit ot have been abandoned. In this reasoning the Court does not concur ; but is ofopinion that tile
moment the Aurora started on the voyage. for St. Bartholoniews, with tl.e license in question and a cargo of provihious, she rendt red herself liable to capture by the public and private armed ships of the United States, who were not bound to lay by aud see how she would conduct herself during the voyage, the consequence of which woull be that no right of capture would ekist until all chance of making it were at at end.

Jvdgment qffirmed.

THE ADVENTURE,

MASTEPX.

TilIS was an appeal from the decree of the Circuit The eabc of a

Court for the district of Virginia.

1eI,.nl cat-

go, belonging
The facts of the case, as stated by .Joansow, J. in de- one,itgerent

livering the opinion of the Court, were as follow:

nation, captur-

edq,oSnbythae chriughi-

The Libellants were the master and crew of thdi Amer- zer ofthcother ican brig 6Throe Frends." On the 14th November, belligerent, 181t1S.atwe,hmilst on their voyage from Slto to the B"r.zaz.ils,, tr,.taondanbeytA

FEBRUARY TERM 18i4.
THE COMMON COUNCIL OF ALEXANDRIA
.Fch.
PRESTON.

1811.
18th

3 bsCt...WASHINGTON, j.and JonsoN, J.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of A purchaser

of real estate.

Columbia, sitting at Alexandria.

in Alexandr4,

.sinotpersormal-

This was a motion in the Court below for judgment, rears Ofot-

and execution against Preston, (under the 11th section assesedbeffre

of the act of congress of 25th of February, 1801, "to his pureb.T' amend the charter of Alexandria," vol. 7, p. 48) for

taxes due to the corporation for the years 1801, 5 and 6, on a lot of ground in Alexandria, which Preston purchased of Scott in the year 1807, after the taxes were

due. The assessors' books were returned on the 1st of lay iii every year.to the office of the clerk of the common council, where they remained subject to public inspection.

The Court below, being of opinion that the summary
remedy by motion, judgment, and execution, was given only against the person wiho was proprietor at the time of the assessment of the .taxes, dismissed the miotion and the common council brought their writ of error.

The l1th section of the act to amend the charter of Ilexandria is as followvs:

"'Be it further enacted, That whenever taxes upoit
real property, or other claims charged upon real property within the toi ii, shall be due and owing to the
common council, and the proprietor shall fail to dis-
charge the same, the said common council, after
giving the party reasonable notice when lie resides iu
town ; sixty days notice when he resides out of the
·town and in the United States; and after six months publication in the newspapers when he resides out of"
"the United States; shall be empowered to recover the "Itid taxes or debts, by motion in the Court of Alex 4 ah'ia; and, Provided it -shall appear to the satisfac-

SUPREME COURT U, S.

(Lo.mMo coMN CIL OF ALEX-
ANDIA
T.
iRESTON.

"6tion of the Court that such taxes or claims are justly ",due, judgment shall be granted and an execution shall "issue thereupon, with the costs of suit, against the ,,goods and chattels of the defaldtcr, if any can be found -Within the town; if not, that the whole property, upon "which thie tax or claim is due, shall, by order of 'the " Court, be leased out at public auction for the shortest
"term of years that may be, offered, on condition that "the lessee pay the arrearages, and also the future
"taxes accruing during the term, and be at liberty to "renove all his improvements at the expiration of the ,,lease; provided always that the common council may "prosecute any other remedy, by action, for the re. .'covery of the said taxes and claims which is now pos-
sessed or alloVed."

E. . rLEfo, r the Plaintiffin crror.
I'he question arisin. upon this case is, whether te proprietor. for the time being, of a lot in Alexandria, is personally liable to a judgment and execution for arrearages of taxes assessed upon the lot before he became !he proprietor thereof.

The act of congress gives a remedy, by motion, judgment and excutmon, against the pr4oelor who shaU
fail to discharge the taxes. Preston wvas the proprietol' at the time of the demand of payment, and has failed to pay. He is therefore within the express letter of the law. - The defaultler" also is the person who,has failed
to pay on (lemand; the person who was liable to pay when the demand was made upon him. Every proprietor of the land is liable 'for its taxes so long as lie is proprietor. The claims, according to the words of the act, ar cliweed upon tihe real property. They accompany the land into .whose hands soever it isay pass. The law was intended1 to give a remedy against any proprietor of the land. The taxes are )la(-ed on the samee footing as other charges which ace hens oi the land. It is not a case of .eater hardship than that of other liens on Peal estate. Caveat emptor is the rule where h'e has the means of knowledge. Here the assessors' bools wvere always accessible. The purchaser is bound to take notice of the non-payment of the taxes.
He purchases at his peril.

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.,

SWAN, Contra.

CO.MM,

The statute uses the definite article, " THE proprietor." OF ALEN The question is, -which proprietor? Scott or Preston ? ANDRI. We say it Ineans him who was proprietor when the tax V. was laid, ind in whose name the land was assessed, and PRESTO4. who was nquestionably lfable in the first instance. He -was "'the proprietor," -the defaulter" contemplated by the legislature. If he was liable, did his liability cease when he sold the land? or is h' still'liable? There is nothing in the law to justify an itt_.. that the legislatore contemplated a succession of pr'oprietors who should be successively liable.; a succession of debtors; nor that they should be all liable at once; nor that the
corporation should have its choice out of. the several successive proprietors. It suggests the idea of one proprietor only, and of one debtor, or defaulter'only ; and
if but one, it can be no other than.him who was confessedly liable; him who was proprietor' at the time of
the assespsnent. The tax is a lien ou the lot so far as to authorize the Court to direct it to be leased out to
any one who will pay the taxes, in case the goods- anao chattels of the debtor cannot be found.

The books of the assessor and collector are not matter of record. The purcliaser has 'no 'right to inspect thenk. The, tax is a secret lien.

, February Wi....THB CouRT affirmed 't without assigning their reasens.

j u~ejit,

PLEASANTS
V."
THE MARYLAND INSURANCE

COMPANY.

-8sa.

Fb

l2th.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the district of When a a Maryland in an action upon a policy of insurance, dated idsivienrssuereldolib- y o* the 18th of May, 181t0, on the cargo ofthe brig cies,insomeor Elizabeth from St. Petersburgh or Cronstadt to Phila- which therate delphdae,la aaggaaiinn.sstt all risks, for 6,000 dollars, 6. ^&ahtho, fixeedxcahr1nwtsohechiS

FEBRUARY TERM i8i.

try into the vacant parcel. It does notappear, in tie ques- GRzx tion put by the Court below, into which parcel the entry v.

is 8upposed to he made.

LITER

&OTHRS,

Such are the unanimous opinions of this Court, which

are to be certified to the Circuit Court of Kentucky.

CARTER'S HEIRS CUTTING AND WIFE.

Absent... VAS -TNGTON, J.

THIS was, an appeal from the Circuit C3u1rt for An appeal lies

the district of Columbia.

toin thiie se-
tence of the

E. I. Lan, for the .O81pynInts.

ofcuthiee dCisotrrictt

TAYLOR, for ie .4ppedles.

of Columbig
s1enten,ceofthe-
Orphan's

March ii h....SToRY, J. delivered the opinion of the Courtof Alex.

Court as follows:

c it, ed a -petition

Tie Appellants, who are heirs at law of Sally Carter tpororbeavte vit"h'e& deceased, petitioned the Orphan's, Court of tle county ,rta. of Alexandria to revoke and repeal the lrobate of a wxill of the said Sally Carter procured by the respon-
dents, upon the ground that the said will was admitted
to probate without notice to the Appellants, and that the supposed testat-ix was an inhabitant of and resident in Virginia at the time of her death, and left no assets real or personal or debts in the county of Alexandria. The Orphan's Court, without issuing a summons to the respondents, dismissed the petition, and.upon an-appeal this dismissal was confirmed by the Circuit Court ofthe district of Columbia.

Two objections have been taken to the sustaining of the appeal to this Court-i. That by the act of congres of '2714 February, !801, ch. 86, s. 12, (Vol. 5, P.
272) it is enacted that on appeals from the Orphan's

SUPREME COURT U. S.

CARTER'S nasIm T.
CUTTING
& WIn'E. ,-....

Court to the Circuit Court, the latter ",shall therein have all the powers of the chancellor" of the state of Mhryland; and by the laws of Maryland the 'decree of the chancellor in a like case would be final. 2. That
the decree of dismissal is not any final judgment, order, or decree of the Circuit Court wherein the matter in
dispute, exclusive of costs, exceeds one hundred dol-
lars.

The maiority of the Court cannot yield assent to the validity of either of these oljcctions. As to the first,
we are of opinion that the conclusiveness of its sentence forms no -partof the essence of the powers of the Court. It powers to act are as ample, independent of their final quality, as with it. Besides the act of February 27, 1801, § S. (vol. 5, p. 270) has expressly allowed
an alipeal from ",all final judgments, orders and decrees of the Uiir'uit Courts" where the xiatter in dispute excceds the limited value, and there is nothing in the context to narrow the ordinary import of the lan-
.4uag. We cannot' adm~it that construction to be a sound one, which seeks ,by remote inferences to %itlidraw a case from the general provisions of a statute, which is chrarly within its words and perfectly consisient with, its intent. The case of Touing vT.the Bank of
"W1eS'aidra,I Cranch, 384, i§, in our judgment; decisive
augainst this objection.

As to the second objection, it is conceded by both parties that the estate devised to the respondent, Sally C. Cutting, is worth several thousand dollars. It,then, the-probate of the will had any legal operation and was not merely void. the/controversy as to the validity of that probate was ;f matter in dispute equal to the value of the estate dovised away from the heirs. It cannot
he doubted that the Orphan's Court had jurisdiction to
allow probate ol'iwils made by persons in foreign states; and that probate, once allowed, operated as a sentence affirming the validity of such wills between the parties
so far as the lex loci could give them operation. It is un.derstnod that a will regulari proved in another state in strict conformity with the laws of that state, acquires, if it poqsess the other legal requisites. a binding effica,by in Virginia, so that it may be admitted to record 'ther'e. ' The estate devised is understbod to be. situated

FEBRUARY TERM 1814,
in Virginia, and the title of the lheir.thereto would con- CARTER'8 sequently be affected by the probate in this district. xijEiR The probate then not being merely void, but affecting v. the title to lands exceeding one hundred dollars in va- CUTTNG lue is a matter in controversy beyond that value within &wIFt. the purview of the act of 1801.
The decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the petition is reversed, and the cause -is to be remanded to that Court with directions to proceed to a hearing upon the mierits.

THE VENUS, RAE, MASTER.

APPEAL from the sentence of the Circuit Court

for the district of Massachusetts.

tie United

States esta-" -

The follo\ ing were the facts of th9 case, as stated by ruelin afbIxAsIlXKGTo , J. in delivering the opinion of the Court. reigncountry'
between W'h~eh

atd the Uniter
This is the case of a vessel which sailed from Ge'vat States ostli-, Britain. with a cargo belonggiongblotonogtnhhge resspeeccttvie CCalai-ib- rteicaskft0e1r1w4'aRrndys

mant,. as was 'contended, before the declaration tiwf ar property ship-

by the United States against Great Britain was or pLd by such

rouhl have been known by the shippers. She sailed e

from Liverpool on the Ith of July, 1812, unde.r a Bri- tlicnr,antd tish license, for the port of Ncw York, and was cap- aanplAtmeerircIaljnyt

tured on the 6th of August, 1812, by tie Ameri-an cruizeeafter privateer Dolphin, and sent into the district of MNassa-.thfwedaerc,lmarua~titmk-

chlisetis, where the vessel and cargo were libelled in onderned

tho District Court.

lawful prize. Upon a ship-

ment of goods
Tile ,ship, 100, casks of white lead; 150 crates of to be sold, on earthen ware, 35 cases and -3 casks of copper, 9 pieces j"otiint.eacccoonu.nt.

of cotton bagging, and a quantity of coal, were claimed sigee & ship.

by Lenox and Maitland.

per, oi-of the latter alone P

tile etion -of
198 packages of merchandise and 25 pieces of cotton the consignee, bagging were claimed by Jonathan Amory, as the joint the r1ght of

property of James Lenox; William Maitland and Alex-,totyest inthe

FEBRUARY TERM 18W. THE JULIA, LucE, MASTER.

THIS was an appeal frqm the Circuit Court for The sailing oai

the district of Massachusetts.

e theieUs

and- passport

D. D.tvis, for the Claimants.

ooff tphrooteecnteiomi y, in futheranct;

The brig Julia and' cargo,j, consisting of about three oinftehrisesvtise,wcsoon-r hundred hogsheads of salt, were captured by the United tress, hon States' frigate Chesapeake, Samuel Evans, commander, Pxt ofillegality about the last-of Dec itber, 1812. and libelled and con- as subjtt the

denned in the ditrict Court of Massachusetts. Upon to Ciap catio appeal to the Cir uit Court, the sentence of condemna- as prize of tion was affirmed, and Ihe Claimants now appeal to 'va.

this Court.

Thq allegation, in the libel, is, that the property belongs to British subjects.

The facts proved and relied upon by the Claimants, and which are. fully substantiated by the documents contained in the record, are as follows : That the Julia and cargo were owned wholly by the Claimants, who
are native American citizens ; that she was documented as an American ship, for a voyage from Baltimore to Lisbon, with a cargo of corn, flour, and bread; that she sailed Aith this cargo from Baltimore to Lisbon, where she
arived in safety ; that the outward cargo N%as there sold to Portuguese merchants, in that lort, and a returh cargo of salt purchased with apart of the proceeds of the outward cargo; and that, as the Julia wa4 returning to Boston, hpr port of discharge, with her homeward cargo, she was
captured by the Chesapeake ; that all the transactions of the voyage were really and truly for account of the
Claimants, and that, in pointoffact, no connexion, intercoui se, trade, supply, or other matter or thin., relative thereto, was ever had, made. intended, cr contemplated with the enemy, in the whole course of this voyage.

It is admitted by the Claimants, that copies of thb following documents signed and granted by admiral Sawyer and Andrew Allen, late the British consul at Boston, were filed in the Cdurts below, and, for the

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE JULIA, LUCE, mASTER.

reasons stated by the learned judges, admitted iii evidence, viz:,
1st. J license from adinird Sawlyer, in the -words following:

"6By Iferert Sawyer, esq. vice admiral of'
[sAiL.] the blue, and, commander in chief of his ma-
jesty's ships and vessels employed and to be .employed in the river Saint Lawrence, along the coast of Nova Scotia, the islands of Anticosti,Madelaine and Saint John, and Cape B'eton and the bay of Fundy, and at'and about the island of Bermuda, or Someis' Islands, &c. &c. &c.

I Whereas Mr. Andrew Allen, his majesty'sconsul at Boston, has r(conjmended to me, Mr. Robert Ewell, a merchant of that place, and wvell inclined towards theBritish interest, who.is desirous of sending provisions to Spain and Portugal, for the use of the allied armies in the Peninsula, and whereas I think it fit and necessary that encouray-,ment and prqtection should be afforded him' in so doing.
These are thereflre to require and direct all captains and commauders of his majesty's ships and vessels of war mhich may fall in with, any American, or other vessel bearing a netitral flag, laden with flour, bread, corn
or poas. or any other species of dry provisions, bound from America to Spain or Portugal, and having this protection on board, to stiffer her to proceed without unnecessary obstruction or detention in her vo age; pro. vided he slall apppear to be steering a due course for those countries, and it being understood this is only to be in force for one voyage and withip six montlis from the date hereof.

, Given'under my hand and seal, on board his mn-

jesty's ship Centurion, at Halifax, this fourth

lv7 of August,,one thousand eight hundred and

4

SAve.

-cH. SAW'YkP,, Eke diiral."

By'coSmWmIBaLnLdIAof'I the vice'admlral. AYRE.

FEBRUARY TERM i811.

2d; The following docmnent signed by .Andrew .Allen;
",To the commmiders of his majesty's ships of war or of private armed ships belonging to subjects of his majesty.

TRZ. JULIA, Lt.CE, MATzi.

"c Whereas from the consideration of the -Yat iwp6rfance of continuing a regular supply of flour and otker dried provisions to the allied armies in Spain and Portugal, it has been deemed expedient by his majesty's
governient that, notwithstanding the hostilities now existing between Great Britian and the United States, every degree of encouragement and prttection should be given to American vessels laden with flour and other dry prov sions, and bonafite bound t"Spain or Portugal. And whereas, in futherance of these views of his majesty's government, Herbert Sawyer, esq. vice admiral
and commander in chief on the Halifax station, has ad'dressed to me a letter under the date of the 5th of Aug. 18M2, (a copy whereof is hereunto annexed) wherein.I
atiinstructed to furnish a copy of his letter, certified under my consular seal, to every American vessel so laden and bound, destined to serve as, a perfect safe-
guard and protection of such Vessel in the prosecution of her voyage. Now, therefore, in obedience to these instructions, I haveI granted to the American brig Julia, Tristram Luce, master, of 1t59 tons burthen, now lying in the harbor of Boston, and bound to Baltimore for the purpose of taking in ,a cargo. of flour and' corn, and proceeding thence to a port in Spain, or Potugal, not under French domination, the annexed locuments, requesting all officers commanding his majesty's ships of war, or private armed ships belopgln. .to subjects of his majesty, to give to the said yessel'il due assistance *and protection in the proecution of her voyage to Spain or Portugal, amil on her return thcnce to her port or
original departure, laden with salt or with slecie to the
nett amount of her outward cargo, or in ballast only.

"c Given under my hand and seal of rCONSsM'AR SPAL.] office at Bostou, this eighteenth
day of September, t82.
"'ANDREW ALLEN, jun. His mnqiesty's consid.-

184

SUPREME COUlYr U. S.

TF.F
JULIA,
.UcE,

3d. - A copy of adfiiral Sawyer's liters to A. Aqleny referred to in the preceeding document, and certified under the consular seal ; as follows:

MASTER.,

"SIR,

" His M3ajesty's ship Centurion, .St Halifax, the 5th o '.d4ast, 1812.

"I have fflly cdnsidered that part of your letter of the
eighteenth ultinio, which relates to the means of insuring a cqnstant supgIly of flour and other dried provisions, to the allied armies in Spain arid Portugal, and to the West India islands, " and, being aware of the importance of the subject, concur in the proposition you have made. I shall therefore ,give directions to thWe
commanders of his majesty's squadron under my comniand, not to molest American vessels unarnd and so laden, ,"bonafide" bound to British, Portuguese or Spanish ports, whose papers shall be accompanied with a -ertified copy of this letter under the consular seal.

" I have the honor to be, sir, "Your most obedient humble servant, ,, H. SAWYER, Vice .diniral.

-To Andrew Allen, esq. his majesty's consul, Boston.
,, Office f his Britannic.1Majesty's Consul.

I, Andrew Allen,jun. his Britannic majesty's consul for the States of Mwssaichusettq, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Connecticut. hereby certify that the annexed paper is a true copy of a letter addressed to me by-Herbert Sawyer, esq. vice admiral and commander on the
Halifax station.

[CONSUrLAR srni.]

cc Given under my hand and seal of office, at Boston, in the state of
Massachusetts, this eighteenth day of September, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and ,twelve.

,"ANDREW ALtEN, jun."

FEBRUARY TERM i8is!.

Ifthe opinions of the Courts below, in admitting copies of these documents t be received as evidence, were correct, then it is also admitted that these licenses and letters had been obtained for, and were found on board the Julia, at tile time of her capture.

THZ' JULIA,
UCE,
MASTER.

UpQn this statement, and upon the evidence contained in the record, the Claimants submit two points to, the
decision of the Court.

1. That the mere acceptance or possession 6f the British license and documents, do not subject the property
to condemnation.

2. That if tthe peculiar terms of the license in this case creatBa presumption unfavorable to the Claimants, either of an intention to supply the enemy, or of any other unlawful intercourse with the enemy, such pre-
sumption is intirely destroyed by the evidence in the case, which shews that no such supply or intercourse did ever, in fact, take place.

As to*the first point. The nature and effect-of an enemy's license, so far as respected the acceptance, p6s-
session or use of such a document by an American citizen, wei'e so fully aild 4bly pointed out in-the cae of the .Aurora,that the counsel for the Claimants, is ontent
to rely upon, and to refer the.Coart to the argumnts and, authorities which were subimitted and quoted in that case, upon this point.

But as to the seiond point. If the Julia had been cap-

tured on her passage to Lisbon, with these Tritisli docu-

ments on board, there might have been some ground for

a condemnation :-The suspicious or obnoxious parts of

them, such as those which state that -Elwell is well in-

dlined towards the British interest," and that he con-

templates furnishing supplies to the allied armies in the

Peninsula, might have raised a presumption that such

was his intention, and would have cast the onus probandi

upon him, or upon those in whose hands 'lie license

might be found. But it is contended, that if, upon fur-

nishing the proof, it shall appear that no unlawful inter-

course with the enemy ever did, in fact, take place, and,

moreover, that no such intercourse was ever even intend-

VOL. VIII.

21

SUPREME COURT U. S.

mA
juLLA, LucKz,
.fAsTzR.

ed to be held with the enemy, the presumption against the Claimants, arising from the terms of the British documents, will be entirely destroyed, and the Complainants left in a state wholly free from guilt, both legal and moral.

That this is a correct position, the Court is referred

to the case of the Alatilda, decided in the North Caroli-

na Circuit, by the chief justice of the United States, 'and

reported in the,.Americanlaw journal, p. 478. In that

case, the license was granted after the war, and for the

express purpose of a trade and supply to the British W.

L islands: But there was no evidence that any act of

trading had been committed. In that case the chiefjus-

lice is said to have declared, "'that there was no evi-

"6lence of a criminal intent, except that of 'the license;

that the obtaining, the license was to deceive the ene-

"my, wdch the Claimants lawfully might do; and that

"the ease was 1"which stated

cleared the real

of all o."ectof

doubts by the the oyage."

evidence,

In ,the case of the .1bby, 5 Rob. p. 25,1, it is expressly stated to be law " that there must be an act of tradingto "the enemy country, as well as the intentiog; that there
must be a legal as well as moral illegality." It is in the same kase stated, that ,,no case has been produced, ,"in which a, mere intention to trade with the enemy, ,,contridicted by the fact, enures to condemnation." Upon both points (said sir William Scott,) ,,I am of -opinion, that the Claimant is entitled to'restitution. On .i the ist, there was no illegal act on the ?d, there was " neither intention nor act."
There is no principle better known or established by the writers both upon law and ethics, than that there must be both a will and an act to constitute an offence. The act is necessary fo demonstrate the depravity of the will: a vicious 'will, without a vicious act is no oftce.
It is not denied, that the Julia and her outward cargo -were the property of the Claimantf4 it is not denied; that the Julia. on her departure from Baltimore,'was doeumexAted, in evry respect, as required by law, as an American ship hound from Baltimore to Lisbon, with a cargo of flour, corn and bread.

FEBRUARY TERM i814.
It is not denied,, that the Julia, with this cargo On T E board, was ordered to proceed, and that she did in fact JULIA, proceed, to Lisbon ; and that it was the intention of the i.cp, owners that the cargo should be there sold, to the best MASTER. advantage, to merchants or other subjects of that go- vernment ; nor is it denied, that the Julia and cargo did, infact, proceed to Lisbon for these purposes.
'It is not denied, that this carg6. of corn, four and bread, was in fact carried to Lisbon, there landed, and sold to a house of merchantsof that city. It is also a fact, probably not disputed, that the cargo of sal, with which the Julia was laden, and with which she was captured on her homeward voyage, was purchased with the proceeds of the cargo sold at Lisbon. And it is not pretendcad that there was any intercourse with the enemy at Lslbon, or with any of his agents ; or that there was in reality, any sale, contract. or other transactionby th Claimnants, or their agents, that'anypartof thecargo, or o the proceeds of it, should, iin any mannier, serve as a suppl# or come to the hawds and possession of the enemy. On the other hand, it does not appear from all the evidence in the case, that the whole object of the voyage was to export the cargo of the Julia to Lisbon, there to be sold, and the proceeds to be invested in such funds as are pointed out in the owners' letter of instructions to the captain. The intention to trade with, or supply, t06 enemy, is proved only from the prima facie evideice of the license and other British documents; and this eviilence is fully- explained and counteracted by the whole mass of evidence in the. case, shewing the Teal object of the voyage, and that no supply, trading or intercourse were in faut had with the enemy.
If th, bare possession or acceptance of : license con. demns the property which it purports to protect, the J3lia must be condemned ; but if the.iresaniptiveor primafacie evidence resulting from the posqt-ssion of the license. however obnoxlous may be the termf of it, can be explained and count- racted by evidence of the facts, the Julia and cargo must be restored. The f1rmer position, it is conceived, will never be sanctioned by this Court; and if the latter he not established, the Claimants will bc se'verely punished for an act which they never committcd. and which they never intended to commit, viz. that of trgting with, and supplying the enemies of the;r conn-

SUPREME COURT U. &,

fHE T Jt IA,
LucI,
MASTFlR.

try. The case of the Julia, therefore, turns upan a qu estio!of faet. Did the Julia pursue a toyage to a neutral port. and was her cat go disposed of to the subjects of a
neutral courqtry, or did she pursue the voyage and fir-
nish tile 9,ipplies to the enemy, wbt',.a %ppear to have been the objects.ofth British admiral ? It is repugnant to law and reason, that a man shall not be pertiitted to prove his innocence; and, when he has proved it, that lie should be held gidlty, and punished. If taken with the mainour, may he not prove that he came honestly by
the goods ?

If a contrary doctrine be established, it will lead to one inevitable result; viz. a prohibitionof all tradefrom this to a neutral country which happens to be in alliance with Great Britain: it will he, in fact, declaring that a cargo of flnir-shal not be exported to Spain or'Portu
gal, because the neutral ,subjects; to whom it may bt
there sold, may sell it again to their Brifish allies.

This case is distinguishable from, and stands upon much firmer ground than that of the .Aurora. In that case, the ship was taken on ier outward passage, and (ai it was alleged) oAit of her course to her ostensible
port. It was tihecfire impossible for the Claimants to remove the presumption against them, arising from the possession or the license, by the'subsequent events 5f the 'voyage. Bat in this case, every thing is explained, and every doubt or suspicion removed by the evidence shew.
ing the bonafide oltjec(s and ultimate termination of the voyage. The case is thus chansed of every thing that might be presunwd to be fiul by the unhappy terms 'the license, or the officiots and unofficial interprsitions of
Mr. Allen. The case must turn fipon the bona 'fide views, and intention or the Claimants, and upon the evi-
dence that, in point of fact, no unlawful intercourse be-
tween them and the enmy ever existed, or was ever con4einplatcd. If they have merely accepted a licerise, but have mad e no unlawfuluse of it, they cannot be injuredbyit.

.Rcv'su, Altlorney Geueral, in behalfof the United States.

It is utterly impossible that, if any American property, embat'ked in a trade n111er an enemy license, can be the subki'ct of prize, this should escape. Trhe transaction is the most obnoxious of its class; and presents the

FEBRUARY TERM iSi.

leading question in its most advantageous forms for the captors.
The object of the enemy was supply to the. allied armies in Portugal and Spain. The engagement to execute that purpose was the consideration of the protection granted hy the license. The purpose was executed in fact, and in strict conformity with tile engagement. The homeward cargo wa purdIased with the proceeds of the outward ; and, when captured, was still under the protection of the license. If the circumstances in this case do not amount to a trading with'the eneil, there is no such thing. If this license, (or rather these licenses,) should not be held to give to the property a hostile character, no license, wliatever may be the facts with which it is combined, can produce that effect.

THE
JULIA, LUCLO
MAST'EI

There can be no foundation for restitution in thig
case but one. It has beendoubted whether Jamerican property can, for any cause, become subject to confiscation as prize, wlen captured by a privateer; and it will be contended (as it is understood) in the case of the Frances, that it cannot.

The capture on this occasion, howevr; was madc by a titional 'ssce. in virtue of the declaration of war, 4LII the public law of the world operating upon it. The at-
'torney general does.'nt believe that'this difference in
fact creates any difference in the legal conclusion ; because lie supposes -iat privateers have, upon the sound construction, of the act of congress, the same rights of capture with national vessels ; but lie contends that, even if it should be helt that the ri.vits of captur6, vested by
their commissions in private armed vessels, are confined to prop'erty sri,'t!v (not constructively) British, the rights of national vessels are not s(; restricted.

The Court is referred to the opinion at large (in the. transcript,) of the learnvd judge by whom this cause was decided in the Circuit Court, for-a very able discussiort of the doctrine which it involves.
-Mmnday, Marcht 7th, i8i- . Atbsent...TODD, J.

STORY, . delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:

SUPREM1E COURT U. S.
Tiu . Thd facts of this case, ,and the grounds upont which a 3ULT.4f, decree of condemnation' was pronounced in theCircuit Luc1, Court, fully appear in the opinion of that Court which MASTER. accompanies this record. That opinion has been sub-
wnitted to my brethren, and a majo'ity of them concur in the decree of condemnation, upon the reasons and principles therein stated. It is not thought necessary to repeat those reasons and principles in a more formal niznner; it is sufficient to declare as the result of them, that wel'old, that the sailing on a voyage under the license and passport of protection of the enemy, in furthei-ance of his views or intereste, constitutes such an actof illegality, as subjects the ship and cat-go to confiscation as prize of war ; and that the facts of the present case afford irrefragable evidence of such act of Illegality.
The judgment of the Circuit Court is therefore affirmed with costs.
The follmioing is the opinion of the Circuit Court of Massachusetty referred to, in the foregoing opinion.
"T Jia and cargo were captured, as prize, by time United States' frigate Chesapeake, commanded by captain Evans, on the 31st December, 812.' From the preparatory evidence and documents it appears-that she sailed from Baltimore, on or about the 31st Octoher, 18'12, bound 'on a voyage to Lisbon, with, a cargo oaf cord, bread and flour; and the capture took place on the return voyage to the United States. The vessel and cargo were documented as American, and as owned by the Claimants, who are American citizens. The vessel had on board simdry diocuments of prutection from British agents, which were delivered up to the captors, and, together with the other ship's papers, were put on board of the prize, in the custody of the prize master; and these documents were the unquestionable caitse of the capture. It appears that the American master and crew were left on board the prize, and, during the subsequent voyage iothe United States, these British documents were taken front the custody .of the prize master surreptitiously and without his knowledge as to the time or manner: lie alleged expressly that they were stolen, and this allegation seems

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

admitted by the master, in a supplementary afldavit, who, however, denies an) knowledge or coincx, m in the transaction. The prize master took exact copies of these documents, for the purpose of sending them to the secretary of the navy; which copies have bevn produced in Court, and verified by his affidavit. All the other original documnnts have been faithfully produced.
Upon the examination of the master upon the standing interrogatories, on the 1ith Fcbruary, 1812, althoupeh thei:e are several interrogatories, and particularly the 16th and 27th, which point directly to the subject matter, lie did not state the existence of any British document, passport, safeguard or protection ; and, Nhat Is quite as remarkable, be expressly declared that he knew not upon what pretence nor for what reason the vessel and cargo were captured. It was not until after the
time assigned for the trial, and on the 8th of Mlarch, 1813, that -the master, by a supplementary affidavit, (which was admitted through great indilgence, mid contrary to the general practice of prize Courts.) attempted to explain his omission, -Wd to vindicate his ,loisconduct. Tie apdlogy is equally weak and fitile. At
the time whei these examinations were taken, the interrogatories had been draw u up with care and deliberation. The commissioners were present to explain to the understanding of every man intent on truth, the meaning of any question which might a.ppear obscure.
The master was a part owner of the vessel and cargo, and the regurar depository of all the papers connected with the re3 age. 'It is utterly incredible that lie should not recollect, on his examination, the existence of tlese British documents.- They were put on boamd for the special safeguard and security of the vessel and cargo,
Indeed, independent of them, the risque (if the capture would have been imminent. A master can never be admitted to be heard, in a prize Court, to aver his ig-
norance or forgetfulness of the documents of his ship. It is his duty to know what they are; and lie cannot be believed ignorant of their. contents, without over-
throwing all the presumptions which govern in prize
proceedings. Looking to the Nhole conduct of the imaster, it seems to be irreconcilable with the rules of m6rality and fair dealing; and I have great difficulty in exempting him from the imputation of being guilty of a
wilful suppression of the truth.

THk JULIA,
LUCE,
MASTER.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TEM

At tile hearing, a preliminary objection was takbii

JULIA, .tothe introduchon of the copies of the British docu,L.CE,. ments, upon the ground that the originals, as the best

.MASTER. evidence, 0ujht to be pr6duced, The rule undoubt, dly applies when the originals are, in existence, ,tnd in the

possession or control of the party. The extraordinary disappearance 'of these important papels, under the circumstances of this case, I can have little doubt was occasioned by a fraudulent substraction. There is no reason to impute this stibstractioh to the prize master. 'The documents were to him a very important protec-

tion; they constituted the avdwed reason of the cap"ture, as the mate And some of the seamen testify. It is trub that the master has declared that he knew not

the pretence of-capture; but it. can hardly be believed that hecould be ignorant of a fact which so materially afected his interest. I feel myself bound to make very

unfavorable inferences against him ; and if, it odiuln' spoliatoris, I impute the substraction to some person on

board connectedo-with the Voyage,'onl in thi confidence of tile master, it is measuring out no injustice to one who appears to deem mis-statements and concealnents no violent breach of g9od faith. I shall, therefore, ad-

mit.the copies, verified as they are, as good evidence in

these proceedings ; and I will add, that if a single material fact in favor of the Claimants had depended upon tile supplementary affidavit of the master, I should have

felt myself comipeHed to repudiate it in order to vindicate the regularity of prize 'proceedings, and suppress the

efforts of fraud to derive benefit from after thoughts and conttivances, These remarks are not imade withvut regiet; but public duty requir, s that manifest aber-

rations from moral propriety shouldnot receive shelter

iltlhis Court.

Having disposed of this preliminary objection, I now proceed to cou3ider the twvo questions which have been so ably discussed in this case.

ist Whether the use of an -enemy's license or protection, on a voy;age to a neutral country in alliance wii the enemy, be illegal so as to affect the property with confiscation.

2d. If not, whether the termsof the present license disinguish this case unfavorably from the general principle.

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

193

The British documents whih were on board, and
which, for conciseness, I have termed a license, are as follows:

THE
jutA,
LUCE,

[.ry It is thought unnecessary to insert these documents MASTER. here, as they are to be Jbind at length in tke argument of the Claimant'scounsel in teformer part oJ this report.]

In approaching the more genrral question which has
been raised in this case, I am free to at knowlf dge that I fell no inconsiderable diflidt lce, both from the
importance of the question, and the different opinions which eminent jurists have entertained respecting it: Nor am I insensible, also,.that it has t.ntered somewhat
into political discussions; and awakt-ned the applaose and zeal of some. and the denunciations of others,. considered merely as a subject of national policy, and not
of legal investigation. It has now become my diitj to examine it; and, whatever may be my opinion, I feel
a consolation that it is in the power of a higher tribunal to revise my errors1 and award ample jUstice to the parties.

At the threshold of this enquiry, I lay it down as a

fundamental proposition, that strictly speaking, in war

all intercourse between the subjects and citizens of the

belligerent countries is illegal, unless sanctioned by the

authority of the government, or in the exercise of the

rights of humanity. I am aware that the proposition

is usually laid dowin in more restricted terms by elemen-

tary writers, and is confined to commercial intercourse.

Bynkersloek says, " Ex, vatura belli, conamercia inter

hostes cessare, nan est dubitandum. quameis nulla .pe.

ciulis sit commerciorna prohibitio, ipso tamen jure belli

commercia es.se -vetita, ipsaw indictiones bellorunt satis declarant." Bynk. q. J. P. book 1, c. 3. And Nct it

seems not diflicult to perceive that his reasoningextends

to every species of intercourse. ralin, in his commen

tary on the French ordinarnce, speaking of the reason

of requiring the iname mid domicil in a policy, says,

,, Est encore de counaitre, em temn ps de guerre, si inalgri

l'interdictionde commerce, qu" emporte toiiOurs tote de-

clarationde guterre, les sujets dit Roi ne font point comi-

inerce avec Ies ennemis de 1' Etat, on avec des amis olt

allies, parl'interpositiondcsquels on.feraitpasser an.ren-

VOL. VIIM

25

191

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TRE JULIA, LUCEa, MASTER.

nenus des munitions de guerre et de bouche, on d' autree eJJ'ts prohibs; car tout cela, itant defen4u come prijudiciable a 1' etat, serait s'ujet a colflscation, et a itre declar de bonne prise." Lib. 1, tit. 6, art. 3, p. 31. In
another place, adverting to a case of neutral, allied, and French property on board an enemy ship, &c. he declares it suhject to confiscation, because ,cC' est favorisr le comnnerce de 1' enuemi et faciliter le traunpnrt
de ses denries et marchanlises, ce qui ne peut convenir aux traites d' alliance ou de neutralit',encore moins aux sujets du Roi auxquels toute communication a'vec 1"ennemi est etroitement difendu sur peine mine dc la 'vie."
Lib. 3, tit. 9, art. 7, p. 263. And Valin, Traitides Pri-
ses, chap. 5, sec. 5, pa 62.

From this last epression it seems clear that Valin
did not understand the interdiction as limited to mere commercial intercourse. In the elaborate judgment of sir IV. Scott, in the Hoop, 1, Rob. 66, 196, the illegality of commercial intercourse is fully established as a doctrine of national law: but it dues not appear that the case before him retiired a more extended examination of the subject. The black book of the admiralty con-
tains an article which deems every intercourse with the public enemy an indictable offence. This article, which is supposed to be as old as the reign of Edw. III,
directs the grand inquest 6, Soit enquzs de tous ceux qui entrecommunent, vendent on achetent a'ec aucuns des ene'nis de votre Seigneur le Roi sans license special du Roi
ou de son admiral." But, independent of all authority, it -wquld seem a necessary result of a state of war to Suspend all negotiatibns and intercourse between the
subjects of the belligerent nations. 'By the war every subject is placea in hostility to the adverse party. He is bound by every effort of his own to assist his own government, and to counteract the measures of its enemy. Every aid, therefore, by personal communica-
tion, or by other intercourse, which shall take off the pressl've of th war, or foster the resources, or increase the ,om forts of tlm public enemy, is strictly inhibited, No coniract is considered as valid between "emies, at least so far as to give them a remedy iif the Courts of either . ovrnment; and they bave, in the language of -the civil law, no ability to sustain a persona s.andiinjudieio. The ground tpon.which a trading with the ene-

FEBRUARY TERM 18i.

my is prohibited, is not the criminal intentions of the parties engaged in it, or the direct and immediate injury to the state. The principle is ektracted from anoxe enlarged policy, which looks to the general interests of the nations, which may b sacrified under the temptatin of unlimited intercourse, or sold by thbe cupidity
of corrupted avarice. In the language of sir fliUam Scott, I would ask, ,, Who can be insensible to the consequences that might follow,'if every person, in time, of war, had a right to carry on a commercial intercourse
with the enemy, and, under color of that, had the means of carrying on any other species of intercourse he might 'think fit ? The inconvenience to the public might be extrene ; and where is the inconvenience on the other side, that the mer;chant should be compelled, in ouch a
situation of the two countries, to carry on his trade between them (if necessary) under the eye and control of
the government charged with the vare 6f the public
safety ?"

TuE
ULI, LJCE
MASTER.

Nor is there any difference between a direct inter. course between the enemy countries, and an intercourse through the'medium of a neutral port. The latterjs as strictly prohibited as the former. 4 Rob. 65, 79. The
J'onge Pieter.

It is argued that the cases of trading with the enemy
are npt applicable, because there is no evidence of actual commerce i and an irresistible presumption arises front
the nature of the voyage to A neutral port, that no such trade is intended. If I am 'ight in the position,-that Ait intercourse, which humanity or. necessity does not require, is prohibited, it will not be very material to decide whether there be a techrlical coiriherce or not. But is it clear, beyond all doubt, that no inference can arise of an actual commerce ? The license is issued by the agents of the British government, and, I must pre, sume, under its autliority. It is old (as it is stated) in the market ; and if it be a valuable acquisition, the price
must be proportionate. If such licenses be an article of sale, I beg to know in what respect they can be distinguishcd from the sale of inerchandize ? If purdiased di-
rectly of the British. government, Would it not be a traffic 'with an enemy? If-purchased indirectly, can it change the natufe of the transaction ? It has been said

i96

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE
JULIA, IIc.E,
]KASTER.

that if purchased of a nnutral, thie trade in licenses is no more ille-al than the purchase of goods of the enemy fabri, bnafide. conveyed to n.utrals. Perhaps this may, u'id-r circumstances, be correct: but I do not understand that tho- purchase of goods of enemy man,,facture,
and avowrdly belonging to an enemy, is legalized by the mere fart of the sale being made in a neutral port.
The goods must have become incorporated into the general stotck of neutral trade,.before a bellig-rent can lawfully become a purchaser. If such licenses be a legitimate article of sale, will they nit enable the British government to raise ,a r.ven6e from our citizens, and thereby add to their resources of war? Admit, howeier,
that they are not so sold, but are a measure of policy adopted by Great Britain to further her own interests, and ensure a constant supply of the necessaries of life, either.in or through neutral countTies ; can it be a~sert-
ed that an American citizen is wholly blameless, who
enters into stipulations and engagements to effect tbeir purposes ? Is not the enemy thereby relieved from the pressure of the war, and enabled to wage it more suc-
cessfu'ly against the other I-ranches of the same com-
merce not protected by this indulgence?

Itis said that the ca-,e of a personal license is not distinguishable from a general order of council authorizing
and protecting all trade to a neutral countr7. In my judgmentthey are very distinguishable. The first prp-sip-pees a personal communication with the enemy, and an avowed intention of furthering his objects, to the exclusion' of the general trade by other merchants to the sirne country; it has a directtend,:nrv to preventsuch general trade; and relieves the ens.my from the necessity of resorting to a general order of prottectim ; it contaminateg .ti,.commercial enterprizes oitfhe favored individual with purposes not recon:cilable with the general policy of his country; exposes him to extiaordinarv teffiptation to
surcour the enemy-by intelligence; an! ,ieparates him from the gen,'ral character of his country, by clothing, him with all the. effective inter-sts of a neutral. Now these are some of the leading principles uporf whi h a
trade with the enemy has been adjudged illegal bi the law,of nations. On the ,,ther hanl, a general order opens the whole trade of the neutral counitry to every
merchant. It nrc-9u1PDosP no incorporation in enemy

FEBRUARY TERMI J14,.

interests: It'enables the whole mercintile-enterprize of
the country to engage upon equal terms with the traffic; and it separates no individual from the generhl national character. It relaxes the vigor of war, not only in that particular trade, but collaterally opens a path to other commerce. There is all the difference between the cases that there is between an active personal c6.operation in the measures of the,enemy) and the merely accidental aid afforded by the pursuit of a fair and legitimate commleice..

THE JULI[Ap LucL, mASTER.

In the purchase, or gratuity of a license for trade. there is an implied agreement that the party shall riot employ it to the injury of the grantor; that he shall conduct himself in a perfectly neutral manner, and avoid every hostile conduct. I say there is an implied agreement to this effeci, in the very terms .and nature of the engagement. I am warranted in declaring- this, from the uniform construction put by Great Britain on the conduct of lhrown subjects acting under licenses. Can an American citizep 4e permitted in this" manner to -carve out for himself a 'nerttr.lity. on the ocean, when lis -ountry is at War?- Can hejustify himself in refusing to aid his qountrymen who have fallen into the hands of. the enemy on the ocean, or decline theWrescue 2 Can he withdraw his personal services, when the necessities of the nation require, them ? Can an .engagement be legal, which imposes upon him the temptation or necessity of deeming his personal interest at variance with the legitimate objects of his government? I confess that I am slow to believe that the principles of national law, which formerly considered the lives iand properties of all enemies as liable 'to the arbitrary disposal of their adversary, are so far relax6d that a part of the people may laitn to be at peace, while,the residue are involved in the desolations of war. ,lefore I shall believe the doctrine, it mustbe taught me by the highest tribunal of the nation ; in uliose. superior wisdom and sagacity I shall most cheerfully repose.
It h:s been said that no case of condemnation can he found on account ot the use of an enemy license. Admittiun the fact, I am not disposed to yield to the inference that it is therefore lawful. It is one of the many novel questions which may be presumed to arise out of

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Tynn 3ULlA, 3.ucA,, MASTER.

the extraordinary state of the world. The silence of adjudged ces proves nothin either way: It may well admit ofopposite interpretations. The case of the Vrow Eli[abeih, 5 Bob. 2, hat been cited by tile captors in
support of file more general doctrine. It-Was a case where the ship had the flag and pass and documents of an enemy's ship; and the Court held that the owner
was bound by the assumed character. There is no similiarity in the case before the Court. The ship and cargo were documented as American and not as British property. As little will th e Clarisa,(BR5ob. 4,) cited on the other side, apply. It was, at most, but a license given by the Dutch government, allowing a neutral to trade within it- own colony : in all other respects the ship and property-were'avowedly neutral ; and, unless so far as the English doctrines, as to the colonial tradd could apply,
there was nothing illegal or ijproper in waving any mu-
nicipal regulations of colonial mohopoly in favor of a neutral. There was nothing which compromitted the allegiance or touched the interest of the neutral countr7.
If, however, this license had conferred on the neutral the special privileges'of a Dutch merchant, or had fa-
cilitated the Dutch policy in warding off"the pressure of the war, it wtuld probably have received'a very differ-
ent determinatidn. See the reede , oUys, S'Rob. 5,
"ltw('a.) The Rend-ovg$ I Rob. 98, 1i. We all know that there are many acts which inflict upon neutrals the penalty of confiscation, from the subserviency
which tley are supposed to indicate to enemy interests;
the carrying of' enemy dispatches ; the transportation of military liersons ; and tile. adapting of the coasting trade of the eiemy. The ground of these decisions is
the voluntary interposition of tho'.party to further the views and interests of one belligerent at the expense of
tht other :. and I cannot doubt that the Glarissa would have shared the neneral fate, b~it from some crcumstance of Ipeculiar exomption.

By tile prize code 'of Lewis XIV. (which I quote tim
wlore readily because it is, in general, a compilation, of
prize law as recognized aniong civilized nations,) it is a sufficient grouail of condemnation that a vessel bears
commissions from 'two different'states.. affa (Traite des prises, p. 3,.) says, "c.8'6garddu vaisseai'.r> s4 ti irereht des commissions de&it diffets prirxs 6,

FEBRUARY TERM i8i4f.
dats, it est igalementjuste qu' ilsoit declar"de bonneprise, ')ru soit plarce qu' it se ptut arborer le pavillon de run, en con- TULL4, sequence de sa commission, sansJaireinjure lautre,ceci. iqcy,, a retc, regarde lcs Fraucaiz contne les itrangers.'" In .. ASTi.rf, what consists the substantive diffei tnce between navigating urder the conimissions of our oNn and also of another sovereign, and navigating under the protection of the passport of such sovereign which confers or' compels a neutral charaiter? Valin, in another place (sur l'ordiiunce, lib. 3, lit. 9, art. 4, p. ni..) d lares, ,, si sur 2(a a-yvire Franfaisil y a unecommnission d'un prince etranger avec cett de France.it sera de bonne prise, quoiqu'il n'ait arbori que le p, illon Franftais.' It is truethat he just before observes, " que ce circonstance de deux conges alt passe-ports, out de deux connaissements, doit P1un est de France, et t'antre d'un pays enneni, lie sitffit pas seule faire declarerle navire ennemi de bonne prise, et que cela doit depenire des circonstancescpables defaire dcoirvrir sa ventable destination." But Vahin is refeiria. to tI#4 case of an enemy ship having a passsort of trade from the sovereign of France. I infer from the language of Yalin, that a French ship sailing under the passpnrt, conge, or license of its enemy, without the authority 6f its own sovereign, would have been lawful prize.
This leads me to another consideration ; and that is, that the existence and employmient of such a license affords a strong presumption of concealed enemy ihlerest. or, at least, of ultimate destination for enemy use. It is inconceivable that any government should allow its protection to an enemy trade, merely out of favor to a neutral nation, or to an ally, or to its enemy. Its own particular and special interests will go.yeijn its tDolicy ; and the quid pro quo must materially enter into every such relaxation of belligerent rights. It is, therefore, a fair inference, either that its subjects partake of the trade under cover, or that the property, or some portion )f the profits, finds its way into the channel of the publc interests.
It has been argued that the use of false or siniulareu papers is allowable in war as a str'atagem to deceive the enemy and elude his vigilance. However this may he, it certainly cannot authorize the use of real papers of a hostile character, to carry into efrect the avowed pur-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TUE JULIA, LticE,
NlAs'rFm.

pose of the enemy. We may be allowed to deceive our enemy; but we can never be allowed to set up, a&such a decepti'an, a concert in his own measures for the very purposes he has prescribed.

An allusion has been made to the passports or safeconducts granted; in former times, to the fishing vessels
of enemies; and it has been argued that such passports
or safe-conducts have never been supposed to induce the penalty of confiscation.' This will'at once be conceded,
as to the belligerent, nation who granted these indulgences ; but as to the ,other nation, where such passports wefe not guaranteed by treaty or mutual pac'ts, I have no authority to lead nfe to an accurate decision. The French ordinance of 1543 authorized the admiral to
make fishing truces with the enemy ; and, where no such truces W'ere niade, to deliver to the subjects of the enemy, safe-conduct'for fishimg upon the same stipu.
lations as they should be delivered to French subjects by the enemy. Thisg, therefore, was an authority to be exercised only in cases of reciprocity; and it seems to have been abolished from the manifest inconveniehced which attended.the practice. Yt6in, sur ord. lib. 1, p.
689, 699. I do not think that any argument in favor of the validity of the present lidnse, (unrecoghized as it is by our govtrnment,) can be drfawn from these ancient exaqiples as to fisheries.

It has been argaed that the voyage was-lawful to a neiltral port, and the mere ise of a license cannot cover
a lawful voyage with the taint of illegality. This, how. ever, is assuming the yery point in controversy. 'It is not universally true that a destinaton to a neutral port
-ives ., bonafide chara6ter to the voyage. If the propetty be ultimately destined for ah enemy port or an enemy use, it is clear'that the interp;osition of a neutral port will not save it from condemnation. 4 Ro?. 65, 79. The Joge Pieter. Suppose, -in the presentcase, the vessel and cargo had been destined to Lisbon for the express use of the British fleet there, could thore be a doubt that
it would have been a 'direct tride with an enemy Whether the voyage, therefore, be'legal or not, depends not merely upon the destination, but tne ultimate appli-
cation of theproperty, or the ascertained intentions of the party. -A contract to 'carry provisions to St. Bar-

FEBRUARY TERM 18H.

tholomews for the ultimate supply of the British.West India islands, would be just as inuch an infrij.erment of the law of war, as a contract for a cirect transpnrtation. On the whole, I adopt, as a salutary nmaxim of war, the doctrine of Byukershock. 61fetalur qpoqto modte hos-
thun utilitati cans?dcre." It'is unlawful in any manner to lend assistance to the enemy, by 'atoe.inug ourselves
to his policy, sailing under his protection, facilitating his supplies, and separating ourselves froth the comwon tharacter of our country.

THE
JULIA.
Luozr,
_MAs'rER.

I am aware that the opinion which I have formed -as
to the general rature of licenses. is encountered by the decisions. of learned judges for whom I ei.tertain
every possible respect. This circumstance alone, independenit of the novelty and importance of the question, would awak,.n in my own mind an unusual hesitation 'as to the correctness of my own opinion : but, after much reflection upon the subject, I Jave not been able to find sulficient grounds to yieldit; and my duty requires that, whatsoever may be its imperfections, my own judgment should be pronounced to the parties.

I am glad, however, to be relieved from the painful necessity of deciding the more general question, by the peculiar terms of the present license, which I consider as afford ng irrefragable proof of an illivit intercourse with the enemy, and a dir, ct contract to transport the cargo
for the use of the British armies in Spain and Portugal.
The very preaknble to the license of admiral Sawyer sho. ; -,his in a most explicit manner, and discloses facts which it is no harshness to declire, are not very honorab!e to the principles or the character of the parties.

It has bret attempted to distinguish the present Clai-

mants from Mr. Elwell, to wh'm tme or~g'nal lic,,nse

was gtanted. It could hardly have been exp cted that such an attempt would be succissfal. T he a,;sigzwes

cannot place their derivative title -on a better footing

than the original party. They mw st be conidered as

entering into the views and contr ctmng to (ffect.mat, the

intentions of the latter; and, at all events. th,' illegality

of the employment of the license 'attaches indisiolh bly to

their oon~luct. If it were material, however, it might

dv.c. rve consideration how far an actual assignment is

VoI. VIII.

1o

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Tm
JULIA,
Lt.rm,, "MIASTEII.

shown in the case. It rests on the affidavit of one of the Claimants, and on the mere face of papers which
carry no very decisive character, and are quite recon-
cileable with concealed interests in other persons, as the records of prize Courts abundantly show. However, I only glance at this subject, as it in no degree enters into tl~e ingredients of my j udgm. nt.

A very bold proposition-was, at one time, advanced in the argument by the Claimanis' counsel, that if this
carg,, had beon actually destined to Portugal for the use of the allied armies of Great Britain and Portugal, or even for the use of the British army, it would not be an offence against the laws of war. In the sequel, if I right-
ly understand, this proposition, in this alarming extent, was not contended for; and certainly it is utterly untenable upon the principles of national law.

But it was insistod on, that the British armies in Portugal and Spain were to be considered as incorporated into the armies of those kingdoms, and as not holding the British character.

If I could so far forget the public facts of which, sitting in a prize Comrt, I'an bound to take notice, there is sufficient in the papers before me to prove the contrary 6f this suggestion. In admiral Sawyer's license and Mr. Allen's certificate they are expressly called th allied armies ; thereby plainly admitting a separate character and organization: and so, in point of fact, we all k now it to be; if, indeed, the British character be 'not predominant throughout these countries. I reject the distinction, therefore, as utterly insupportable in point of fa4.
-It has been further argued that, if the condtict ba illegal, it is but a personal misdemeanor in no degree affect: ing the vessel and-carg ; and at all events, that the illegality was extinguished by the terminati n of the outward voyage. The principles of law' aff .1 no countenance to either part of the proposition. i the property be engaged in an illegal traffic with the entemy, or even in an attempt to trade, it is liable to confiscation as well on the ,A'urn as on the outward voyage: and it may be assumed as a proposition, liable to few, if any, excep-

FEBRUARY TERM 181A.

lions, that the property which is rendered auxiliary or subservient to enemy interests, becomes tainted with forfeiture.
I cannet but remark that the license in tins case, issued within our own territory by an agent of the British government, carries with it a peculiarly obnoxious character. This circumstance, which is founded on an assumption of consular authority that ought to hae ceased with the war, afbrds the strongest evidence of improper intercourse. The public dangers to which it must unavoidably lead, by fostering interests. vithin th bosom of the country,, against tbe measures of the 'goN ernnt, and the breach of faith wiich it imports in a public functionary receiving the protection of the government, can never he lost sight of in a tribunal 'of justice. I forbear to dwell further on this -delicato subject.

THE
JULUI, LUCE,
M ASTEt.

Upon the whole, I consider the property" .gaged in
this transaction as stamptd with the hostile characer ; and I entirely concur in the decisi n of the district ,judge, which pronounced it subject to condemnation."

TIE AURORA, PINE, 31STE.

THIS Nas an appeal from the Circuit Court for The ceep-

dwi district of Rhod Isiand.

The and p-

or"at enemy's

The folloving were the material facts of the case-: iense on, g

Voyage to a

neutral port,
Sonme months after the declaration of war, the ship prosecuted il
fitherance of
Aurora, documented as American property, and owned the enemy's by Thomas M. Clarke and Ebeezer VXhjelright, the avoled ohClaimants, who are Anieica citizens, saiIr7fromn New- ,and iletl,

burypirt to Norfolk, in ballast. At the latter place esseand car. ste took in a carg o consisting of bread, flour, corn, &c. goto confiseca.

and sailed from thence on or about the 12th November, ris not neet. 1812, ostensibly for St. Bartholomews, a neutral island. "to11''Ub1je1et)Ortdheer helonging to the Swedes, for which port site bad obtain- ,, uvodtth

FEBRUARY TERM i8i. THE RAPID, PERRY, MASTEIR.

THIS was an appear from the sentence of the Circuit After a de-

Court, for the District of Massachusetts.

cltrfl ot

me ,-titA -

The material facts in the case wer'e these.

7Li.tt full+ygi,,e.ndl

a WWsteoI thu
Jabez Harrison, a native American citizen, the Clai- Ctlthly's Coun mant and Appellant inthis case, had purcldsed a quantity WIyto hbri. " _
of English goods in England, before the (leclaration oiperty. war by the United States against that-country, and deposited them on a small island belonging to the English,
called Indian island, and situated near the line betw cex
Nova Scotia and. the United States. Upon the breaking out of the war, Harrison's agents in Boston hired the Rapid, a vessel licensed and enrolled for the cod fishery, to proceed to the place of deposit and,'brin: away
the goods. Theltapid accordingly sailed from Boston on the 3d of July, 18:2, with Harrison, the Claimant, on board, proceeded to Eastport, where Harrison was left,
and from thence, agreeably to Harrison's orders, to In-
dian island, where the cargo in question was taken on board., On the sth of July, while on her return, she was capthred by the Jefferson privateer, on the high seas, and brought into Salem. The goods, being libelled as prize, and claimed by Harrison as his property,-were condemned, in the Circuit Court of Massachusetts, to
the captors, on the ground that by it tradinqg with the ,enemy," they had. acquired the character of enemies' property.

A claim was also interposed by the United States, on the ground of a violation, by the Rapid, of the non-inter-
course act. This claim was also rejected. From the decree of the G&rcuit Court the Unite~d States and Harrison appealed.

HAU-aPpR, for Harrison.

Tihe ground of condemnation, in the Circuit Court
of the goods in question, was, that tradingwith the ene·my made them enemies' property. But we contend that, in this case, there was no trading-'withthe enem.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

TH, AiD,
iputy,
AIA'rriz.

Trading4 is a commercial contract or a series of contracts of sale. Contract is of' the essence of trading. But no commercial transaction of this kind took place b ,tween Harrison and the enemy. The contract, in the present case, was made, the goods were purchased and paid for.bejfre ithe declaration of war; consequently, when the British .vereft emls. Hfere was merely a ease of removal by Harrison of his own property from the enemies' country to this, it was the simple (xercise of an act of ownership, -anact \ hich sirely does not invest the property with a hostile character.

Every citizen has a right, on the breaking out of a war. to withdraw his property, purchased before the war, from the-enemy's country and remove it to his own ; and it is certainly the interest of the community to permit such removal.

'The cargo, therefore,, N ng American property,
neither the declaratior of war nor the commission of tie priv:.teer authorized the ci.pture.

Bxtt this case. does not rest on general principles alone. In the case of Hallet v. Jenks, 3, Cranch, -10,
flie actual purchase of a cargo in a Frenri, port wvas de,ided by this Court to be no ijolation of thu non-inher. course act of 13th .Tune, 1798, a case much strouner than the"present. Congress, also, has given a very dif-
ferent construction to transactions of this kind by the act of 27th February, 1813, (laws U. S. vol 11. p"ss,) remitting the forfeitures which had acrcrued under the
non-intercourse act. of March -st, 1809. Laws U. S. eel. 9, p. 2-43.

The claim of the United States will not, at this time, be interposel.*,

* PIETMA,, cantra,contended,
1. That it appearing, on t0e f.3ce of harrison's claim, that the property in questiol was put on board the Rapid in violatlon of the lavvs of the United Slates, he can
Th cl-aim was subsequently, during the same term, reviied, and an ar-ument had thetr-upm. The decision of the Court will be found in the opimon delivered March 15th, in the case of the Sally.

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

have. no standing in Court for the purpose of claiming THE

the same.

rEX1PID,

PLRRY,
In tupport of this point lie cited the following cases. -IMASTER. 2 Rob. 7 . 77: The Walsingham Paelzet.-5 Rob. 28.3.
The Cornelis and /laria.-6 Rob. 318. The Igeovery.

2. That all intercourse with the enemy being illegal, the vessel and argo in question are subjectedto confiscation a prize. The foowing cases were cited as t oing to eqtablish this point Duponctau's Bynkershoek p. 24. 5 Rob. 224., Z53, 4.. The Abb,.- d. 302. The .Junge Cassii.-I Rob. 2o18. '48. The Odin.-id. 178, 212. Casa of the Fortund, citd" in the case of the Hfop.-Ed7vards' .di. Rp. ;3-. The Comt.-i Rob. 76. The Santa Critz.- I. i9g. The Hoop.-id. 71, 89. l Rbtegle J'cTeb.-i Boi. and Pul. 349. Case ofthe Lopisa .1ar uretha. cited in Bell -4. Gibson.-8 7' R. 156. Case of St. Philip, cited in Potts -v. Bell. -d. 561. Lord JW'enywes opinion.-3 Rob. .Jpx. B. p. 7, 291. The Angdique.-. Rob. 289, 335. Th Ve'ins.-id. 206, 251.
The Alayade.-l Rob. 1-16, 150. The Vrowv Judith.-id. 78, 93. The Betseqt.-id. 1'-, 170. The .eptuns.-id. 18-. 219. Case of the lelly cited in note to the case of
the Uop.-I Rob. 161. 19.5. Oladonnadelle Graeie.-5
Rob. 1-it. Tff'ro' Catharana.

PiNK Ey, on the same side.

By the constitution of the United States, congress has
power to declare war. War. in the present case, had been declared. After knowledge of the declaration of war, the Claimant fitted -out a vssel togo to the enemies' country to bring away hk prnperty. The voyage ivas
accordingly prosecuted, and the property, brought away.
By tl is intrcourse with the enemy the vessel and cargo are to he coniider .d as having adhered to the enemy, and as being, Iwo hac vice, hostile.

With regard to the general principle, that trade with an enemy is illgal, there can be no doubt: the princi-
ple i; recog, ized by the common law and by the maritir,. codes of all the European nations. By these laws all intercourse with an enemy, not sanctioned by the sovereign power, is prohibited. This principle is-
fnded on the strongest reasons. Without this satII

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE RAPID, PEmY, MASTER.

tary provision, what a wide door would be opened for every species of treasonable intercourse. The Englis- authorities are *almostomnipotent on this subject, Vid. 8, T. R; 554.,. Polls v. Bell. Sir J. .Nicholl's arjgu.
mert, and the cases there cited. Many of these authorities are julicial decisions in cases which occurred before the revolution. The principle contended for was therefore brought over, b'efore 'that time, by the English emigrants, to this country, and is consequently to be considered of equaI.fdrcq here as in England.

The doctrine, then, may be considered as established.

The voyage, in this case, was undertaken by Harrison with full knowledge of the war-against hid double -duty-in violation both of the non-importation act and of the rights of war.

But the Appellants have attempted to take a distinction between a purchase made before the declaration of war and a' purchase made since ; and they contend that. ,as' the purchase, in the present case, was made previous to the declaration of war, tl'e propei'ty is not liable to ¢onfiScation, no tradinghaving been carried on with the
enemy. But all the cases on this subject condemn such a distinction. dAny commerciat intercourse with the enemy is trading,within, the meaning of the term as used in prize law ; and that. for the very obvious reason before assigned, viz: that if commercial intercourse of 'any kind were permitted, it would facilitate the means of carrying on a traiterous correspondence.

The case of Hallet v. Jenks, S, Cranch, 210, cited by the Appellants, was a case of clear compulsion. The tra nsaction in the present case was perfectly voluntary.

HARPER, in reply.

No case has been cited by the Claimant's counsel, in which there was not a trading with the enemy. Here, we contend,- there was none. In the case of Escott, cited in the case-of the Hoop, 1, Rob. 182, the goods werb flie product of a trade long carried on, and shipped un-
der fictitious names. Here they were shipped openly. No circumstances of suspicion attended the transaction,

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

In some of tile cases cited, part of the goods were pur-
chased after the declaration of war. All the cases cited are either new acts of trade, or a continuation of trade in the regular course of employment of the parties, and are also attended with circumstances of suspicion.

TE. P.AI'JJJ FERRY, MASTER.

The mere act of going into the enemies' country is not illegal. Any man may go thither at any time, if the enemy will permit him. He violates no law of his own country by so doing. Those laws prohibit commercial intercourse only; and that, not because it gives'an opportunity of affording information to the enemy tnd opens a door for the commission of traiterous pra~tces,
but because such prohlbitioh is rendered necessary by the modern mode of warfare, y,,hich is intended to affect
the enemy through his commerce. The principle and object of tile rule, therefore, are not applicable to this
case. The-rule is contined to commercial transactions and commercial objects. If facility of treasonable intercourse were the reason on which tle prohibition is founded, it would operate to prevent our citizens from going to the frontiers, or even towards them, an opera-
tion which was surely never intended to be given it. The question to be considered in every case of this nature isthis: has the privilege of going to the enemies' country been applied to improper purposes?

* onday, Jlarcl 7th. .4.bsent....ToDl, J.

JoHnsol-, J. delivered the opirion of the Court as follows :

This capture was made on the high seas; .about a month after the declaration of war. The Claimant, Harrison, had purchased a quantity of English goods in England, ,,a long time,".to use his ow.A language, before the declaration of war, and deposited them on a
small island, called Indian island, near to the line between Nova Scotia and these states.% Upon the breaking out of the war, his agents in Boston hired the Rapid, a licensed vessel in the cod-fishery, to proceed to the place of deposit and bring away these goods. On her return, she was captured by the Jefferson privateer, and was condemned for trading with the enemy's coun-
try.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THLu u.tipi, PERny, M.STER.

On the argument, it was contended, in behalf of thk Aplicllant. that thi-z was not a trading within die meaning otf the case,, cited to supp rtthe cundnin'ation; fliat4 on the.breaking out of a war, every citizen had 4 right,
and it was the iinterest of the community to permit her citizens, to withdraW prop rLy lying in an enoni.'s country and purchased betore the war ; finally, that neither the declaration of',.%ar , 'nor the commission of the pri-
vateer authorized the capture of this vessel and cargo,
as they were, ,in fact, American property.

It is understood that the claim of the United States for the forfeiture is not now interposed. The Court, therefore, enters upon this consideration unen'arraised by a claim which would otherwise ride over every quvs.
tiou now before us.

This is the first case, since its organization, in which
this Court bas heen called upon to assert the rights of war agaiiist the property of a citizen. It is with extreme hesitation, andtiunder a deep sense of the dclicacy of the duty which we are called upon to discharge. that
we proceed to adjudge the forfeiture of private right, upon principles of' public law highly penal in their uature; and unfortunatcly too little understood.

But -t new state of things has occurred-a new char-
acter has fien assumcd by this nation, which inv,,lves it
in new relations, and confers on it new rights ; which imposes a new class of obligations on our citizens, and iubjects them to new penalties;

The nature and consequences of a state of war must direct us to the conclusions which we arc to form on
this case.

(in thig point there is rially hr difference of opinion anmoug Jurists: there can be none amon.- those who
will distinguish between what it is in itsilf, and what it ought to be under the irfluence of a benign morality and the modern practice of civilizeil nations.

In the state of war, nati')n is known to nation only by 'their armed exterior ; each threoitening the other with conquest or annihilation. The individuals Nili corn-

FEBRUARY TERM 1,814.
pose the belligerent states, exist, as to each other, in a THE state of utter occlusion. If they meet, it is Qnly in combat. RAPID,
PERRY,
War strips man of his social nature; it demands of' MASTEB. him the suppression of those sympathies which claim* man for a brother ; and accustoms the ear of humanity to hear with indifference, perhaps exultation, ,,that thousands have been slain."
These are not the gloomy reveries of the bookman. From the earliest time of which historians have written or poets imagined, the victorconquered but to slay, and slew but to triumph over the body of the vanquislhed. Even when philosophy had done all tat philosophy could d6 to soften the nature of man, war continued the gladiatorian combat: tie vanquished bled wherever caprice pronaunced her fiat. To the benign influence of the Christian religion it remained to shed a few faint rays upon the gloom of war; a feeble light bdt barely suflicient to disclose it horrors. Hence, many rules have been introduced into modern warfare, at which humanity must rejoice, but which owe their existelce altogether to mutual concession, and constitute so many vo. luntary relinquishments ot the rights of war. To understand what it is in itselL. and what it is under the influence of modern practice, we have but too many opportunities of comparing the habits of savage, with thnawsof civilized warfare.
On the subject which particularly affects this case; there has been no general relaxation. The universal sense of nations has acknowledg.-d the demoralizing effects that would result from the admission of individual intercourse. The whole nation are embarked in one common botton, and must be reconciled to submit to one common fate, Every individual of the one nation. must acknowledge every individual of the other nation as his own enemy-because the enemy of his coutury. It is rot necessary to quote the authorities on this. subject ; they are nurflerous, explicit, respectable, and have been ably commented upon in the argument,
But, after deciding what is the duty of the citizen, the question occurs; what is the consequence of a breach of that duty? VOL. VIIL

SUPREBME COURT U. S.

,Hnt a*Pim, pERR y
MASTER.
--

The law of prize is part-of the l-w of nations. In it. a hostile character is attached to trade, independently or the .,character of the trader who pursues or directs it. Condemnation to the use of the captor is equally the fate o ftheproperty of the belligerent, and of the property found
engaged in anti-neutral trade. But acitizen or ally may be engaged in a hostile trade, and thereby involve his pro-
perty-in the fate of those in whose cause he embarks.

This liability of the property of a citizen to condemnation as prize of war, may be likewise accounted for
under other considerations. Every thing that issues from a hostile country is, pintafizcie, the property or the enemy ; -and it is incumbent upon the claimant to
support the negative of the proposition. But if the claimant be a citizen or an ally at the same time that he makes out his interest, he confesses the commissiou of an offence which, under a well known rule of the civil law, depiives him of his right to pirdsecute his claim.

This doctrine, however, does not rest upon abstract reason. It is silpp.).rted by the practicef tie most enlightened (perhaps- we may say or all) commercial nations. And it affiords us foll confidence in our decision,
that we find, upon rdcurrin- to the records of the. Court of appeals in prize cases established during the revo-
hti6nary war, that, in various cases, it was reasoned upam as the acknowledged law of that Court. Certain it is that it was the law of En.-land before the revolution,
and therefore constitutes a part of the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction conferred on this Court- it pursuance of the constitution.

After ta~khn this general view of tile-principal doctrine on this subject, we will consider the points made
in behalf of the claimant in this case, and,

t. Whether this was a trading, in the eye of the prize law, such as will subject the property to capture
The force of the argument on this point, depends upon the termh made use'of. Ifby triding, in prize law, was me.ut that signification ofthe term which cmnsists in negotiation or cout,-act, this case would certainly not come under the penalties of the rule. Buf the olliect. policy and spirit of the rule is to cut off all communication or actu

FEBRUARY TERM 181,

al locomotive intercourse between individuals of the belligerent states. Negotiation or contract has, thertdor6,
no necessary coinexion v ith the offence. Intercourse inconsistent with actual hostility, is the offence against
which the operation of the rule is directed: and by substituting this definition for that of trading-withan enemy, an answer is given to this argument.

TnE

RAPID,

PERRY, MASTER.

-

-

2."Whether, on the brealing out of a war, the citizen, Ias a right to remove to his own country with his property, is a question which we conceive does not arise in this case. This claimant certainly had not a right to leave the United States for the purpose of bringing home his property from an enemy country; niuch less could he clairm it as a right to bring into this country goods, the importation of which was exprcssly prohibited. As to thie claim for the vessel, it is founded on no pretext whatever; fbr tbh undertaking, besides being in violation of two laws of the United States, was altogether voluntary and inexcusable. With regard to the importations from Great Britain about this, time, it is well known that the forfciture was released on grounds of policy and a supposed obligation induced by the assurances wliieh had been held out by the American charge d'affaires in England. But 'this claimaint could allege no such excuse.
3. On the third point, we are of opinion that the foregoing observations furnish a sufficient -nswer.

If the right to capture property thus offending, grows out of the state of war, it is enough to support the con-
demnation in this case, that the act of congress should,
produce a state of war, and that the commissiort of, tire privateer should authorize the capture of any property that shall assume the belligerent character.

Such a character we are of opinion this vessel and cargo took tfpon herself; or at least, she is deprived of the rilt to prove herself otherAise.

We are aware that there may exist considerable hardship in this case ; the owners, both of vessel and cargo, may have been unconscious that they were violating the duties which a state of war imposed upon them. It does not appear that they meant a daring violation eith.

SUPREME COURT U. S

THE
RAPiD, PFRRY,
N.1A TER.

er of the laws or belligerent rights of their country. But it is the unenvied province of this Court to be dir,,cted by the head, and not the heart. In deciding upon principles that must define the rights and duties of
t-- citizen and direct the future decisions of justice, no latitude is left for the exercise of feeling.

Friday, .March lith.

The claim of the United States was taken up. RusH, .attorney Generl.

The United States claim the property in question, as a forfeitu'e under the non-intei course act of ist March, 1909. This act was in force at the br.aking out of the
'%Nar, and still continued in force at the time of the captare of the Rapid. The 6th section of the act declares the prohibited goods liable to forfeiture immediately on
being shipped with intention ofimporting the same into the United States. The United Sates do not claim in any case but where the vessel was unquestionably bound
and sailing to the United States, and when no force was necessary to bring her in. When such a vessel actually arrives in a port of the United States, the intent is not only evidenced, but carried into effect, and the, offence is complete.

The arrival, in this case, must be taken as a voluntary coming into port. For as the Rapid was boun I to
the United States previous to the capture. the inter ention of the privateer was immaterial, and cannot be considered as rendering the arrival involuntarv. The commrncement of the illegal act -was at thu time of the shipment, and was prior to any forfeitire under bellige-
rent rights. The frl'eiture under the non-intercou.ee act, therefore, rclates back to the incepti,,n of the offence.
Xhe municipal law, we contend, abrogated the Jus belli,
pro tanto.

It is true that, by the 14th section of the prize act of 26th June, 1812, (ktws . H. vol. 11, p. 238.) provi i,m is made for the importation of British good, capttred from the enemy and made good and lawful prize of war;
and it is ad nitred that s'c h goods are forfeited and accrue to. the captors but the question recurs, what is

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

good and lawful prize of war ? Not, we contend, Americai .poperty in an American bottom coming to the UniteL States, as in the present case.
By the I6th section of the same act, the act of 4th of April, 1812, laying an embargo, and the non. exportation act of the 14th of the ssme month, are repeakd so far as they relate to ships and vessels having comMISSWUs or letters of marque and reprisal. It was equaly necessary that there should be an express repeal of the non-intercourse act.

ThE
RAP1.0,
PERRI,
MASTEI.

.By the act of 2d January, 1813, (laws . S. vol. 1i, p. 83,1.) directing the secretary of the treasury to remit
fines, forfeitures and penalties in certain cases, property shipped and departing from Great Britain between the. 23d of June and 1bth of-September, and forfkited, under the non-intercourse acts, to the United States, is to be restored to the owners: no notice is taken of an) claim of the captors. The plain inference is, that the le-islature did not suppose that aiy claim existed on the part of the captors. The same inference may be drawn from the act of 27th February, 1813, (laws U &. -vol. 11.
p. 388.)

The sovcreign is not to he deprived of his rights by implicatiop. Where the rights of the sovereign dash with those of a private individual, the rights of the latter must ield to those of the former. 2 Cranch, 358. Fisher -. Blight.-Plowd. fo. 253. Hales v. Pelit.
This last is a leading case on this point.

From the act of 13th July, 1813, (laws U. 8. 'vol. 12, p, 14.) it is clearly to be inf-irred. that, previoits to the passage of that act, the rights of the captors w6re considered as being merged in the forfeiture under the nonintercourse acts. The oct of July has merely suspended the right of the United States.

PITMAN, coilira,Jor the captors.

We. do not claim adversely to the United States, but under the United States, as grantees. We were authorized by our commission to capture this vessel, and,
upon capture, it was forfeited to us: condemnation, we

SUPREME COURT U. S.

rH'8
RAPID, x-ERRY, MASTER.

contend, is not necessary to give. us title: our title ae. crued at the moment of capture. The United States relinquished to us' their right by the 4, §-of the
prize act.

The non-intercourse act had reference solely to time of peace.

The property in question could not be forfeited to the United States, merely by being put on board ; for a mu'nicipal law can only have a municipal operation ; it cannot operate extra-territorially it can have no effect upon goods in a foreign country, whether that country
be hostile or neutral.

'Again by the act of istd'arch,1809, § 8, no persons -areauthoi'iz°d to seize property for a violation of that act, except the officers particularly mentioned therein. Until, therefore, a seizure was made by some person so authorized, no forf-'iture to the United States could attach : and if. as in the 'present case, a seizure had been
made jure belli, no seizure under the municipal act could subsequently be made, until the first was deteimined. 1 Rlob. 68, 8. The Jercurius.

The non-intercourse act was merged in the declaration of war, as it respected British subjects and American eitizens :- this property was therefore forfeited to the United States jure be!li: they had a right to seize it jure belli: this right they have granted to us, and oub title to the property we lave.captured must be triedjure belli. If this were a municipal seizure, and'if the property were Biitis'hthe British owner would have had a right to come' into Court and assert his claim; but this he could nut uowdo, being an alien enemy.
The-2 § of the act of the 13th July, 1813, we consitler, notwithstanding what has been said by the counsel for the United States, as acknowledging a previous right in the captors.

Joss,' on the same side, considered,.

1st. 'The law inlependent of the instructions of the president to privateers.'

FEBRUARY TERM 18I.

Od. The instructions themselves:
ist. The United States did not mean to relinquish the broad ground of jus belli, As to, British property coming to the United States.

THE RAPID. PERiy, MASTER.

The declaration of war ani the prize act, being subsequent to the non-intercourse law, are to bF, considered as having abrogated or superseded that law.

But if this should not be admitted, we contend that these acts may exist together without any iiconsisten-
cy. There is room enough for the non-iitircourse and the prize act both. It has been decided.by this Court, that trading with, the enemi is, per se, a ground of confiscation. There, then, the prize act may operate. But many hostile cargoes may escape capture, and reach the United States. Many such cargoes may be imported by neutrals. Here is room for the operation of the non-intercourse act.

The act of 13th July, 1813, relinquishing to the ciptors the claims of the United States to the captured pro*
perty, is conclusive to show that the United States did not mean to relinquish the rights of war. That act describes the property to which thb United States give
up their claim, as property captured on the higli seas,
without limitation.

:2d. As to the president's instructions; These instructions do not-apply to vessels sailing after knowledge of the declaration of\var.

But we contend that the president, not having .te
power (if war and peace. had no authority: to give such instructions: be could only control the privateers by
the Power lie had of revoking their commissiois. There is a difference between his power o;ver these vessels and his power over the public armed ships of the U. States.

The prizes taken by privateers undeit the.prize act, are forfeitures, and are to be appropriated differently
from those captured under the non-intercourse act.

To show fhat tke capture, and not tMe condemnation,"

SUPREME COURT U. S.

THE RAPrID,
PERRY, MASTER.

is the foundation of the captor's right of property, tht Court is referred to 1, Wils. !ZIi, Jlorro gth v. Gomyns.
IRVING, contra.

By the 3d section of the prize act, privateers are
bound to observe all tie laws of the United States. Suipposing, therefore, the hon-intercourse act to h.ive been in force, they had no riight to seize for a violation of that act. Besides, the mode of prosecution tinder the
ijon-intercourse act is essentially different from that di-
rected to be pursued under the pirize act. There is also a difference in the maner of distributing the captured property.

PINK.NEr. The rights of the captors depend not upon the npn-intercourse act. Both that and the prize act may be in force atthssame time, and operate on the same
thing. The first seizure decides which mole of con'demnation, &c. shall be adopted.

HARPER, in reply.

There is a distinction between importations made by citizens of the United States, and those made by for-
eigners. The latter cannot be affiected by the non-intercourse act, until the goods have arrived wlvthin the United States. They commit no offence till the ods are actually imported. But with regard to citizens of
the United States; the case is different. They are guilty of '. violation of the act by the mere shipment of prohibited goods in a foreign country, with intent to im-
port the same into the United States. The law, as to them, has an extra-territ6rial operation ; it binds them wherever they are. By the ship'nent, therefore, at In,
dian island with inteit to inport into the United States, the property in the present case, was immeiately forfeited ; and the right of the United States to the'forfeiture, at that moment became complete.

For the opinion of the Cnirt on the foregoin question, respectzng the clainm of the United tates, under the mon-intercourse act, see the opinion in the ca4 of the ,'allm, deli-eeredby STORY, .15th March, 1814, in 'whi,1h the Court
decided infavor of the captors.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
THE capture, are not sufficiently clear ; and that it will be UOTIUS, proper to make an order fQr further proof, to be furnishSHEAFE, ed by the captors and the Claimants, with respect to all MASTElI. the circumstances of the capture.
This point appears not to have been made or considered in the Court below.

1814.

ALEXANDER AND OTHERS -v. PENDLETON.

THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court for the cleni., a Coturt district of Columbia, sitting at Alexandria, as a Court of Equity will of Equity.
itnterpose to
quiet the title.
A purchaser The case, as stated by MARSlIALL, Gi. J. in delivering with notice is the opinion of the Court, was as follows
pr otected by lis vendor's
Awuanat dbvfnerostaicrye. This su:t was brougit in the year 1806, in the Circuit Possessionyot Court for the coiintv of Alexandria, for the pui'pse of

y-ears, quieting the title of Nathaniel Pendleton, the Plaintiff in

though with that Court, to 83 acres of land contiguous to the town of

knou ledge

d

of a bettert- Alexandria which have beim in his possession, and il

tle, constittes the p0ssessi,n of those under whom he claims, from the

a gcxxd defmiice

sAainst that year [732 tothe present time.

title.

A purcbaser
withoutnotice Robert Alexandr, being seized of a large tract, on has a right to part of which the tov,n of Alexandria now stands, on the inh..s aooeo- 17th of January in th year 1731-94 executed to Dade
sarr tpos . n
to the osten- Massey, then about to intermarry wit'. his daughter Parsibleadversary thenia Alexander, his bond in tle penalty of 8001. - ith

his 1e.do,, so a condition that le would convey to his daughter Partieas to girhim- nia aid her heirs, on deniand, four hundred acrt's of land ofthestatute lying on Potomac, "1beginning on the river side and

of liitmtions, from thence running to his back -line, making a long square so as to have the same breadth on the river as on the back line."

The marriage soon afterwards took effiect, and she was put into possession of the land by the following bounds, that is to say: " Beginning at the mouth of Goings gut, on the river Potomac, and extending down the river so

FEBRUARY TERM 18Hi.

as to include four hundred acres of land between the river ALEXAx-

and the back line."

DEa

& OTiERS

The back line called for in the patent was a due north course; that by which ,Robert Alexander then held %as north 6 west. Claims have been since successfully asserted
which wojld vary the back line so as to run north 17 west. The Appellants insist that those who hol under Parthenia shall be compelled to extend to the back line,
a3 now established, and proportionably to contract their line down the river, so that the parallelogram shall still comprize four hundred acres. Pendleton, who is a
purchaser under Parthenia, insists on being limited on the weqt by the line north 6 west, which was the back line whei the title of Parthenia accrued.

V. PENDLE-
TON.

In the year 173.5, Robert Alexander departed this life, having first made his last will in which hIde evised as fol-
lows : ,,Item, I give to my daughler Parthenia Massey four hundrel acres in Prince William county, according to my bond. Item, lIive to my daughter Sarah Alexan-
der, f;ur hundred acres joining Parthenia Massey, the same length on the back line and the same breadth ori the river."

Parthenia survived her husband, Dade Massey, and intermarried wit'Iownshrnd Dade. Sarah intermarried with Baldwin Dade, and was put into possession of the
land devised to her.

John and Gerard Alexander were the only sons of Robert, and were the co-devisees of' the bulk of his estate. In April. 1740, John instituted a suit against Ge-
rard for partition ; and to this suit Townsienid Dade und Parthenia, his wife, and Baldwin Dade and Sarah, his wile, were parties Defendants. A decree of partition
was made, directing that the lands of the Dades also
should be allotted to them to be held in severalty. Con-
inissioners were appointed to execute this decree, with directions to report their proceedings to the Court.

Under tills interlocutory decree the land waq surveved
by Joseph Berry, and a division rnade. Four hlknl'(ldt aors were allotted to "l'ownslen1 Dade and Part'oeuia. his wife, and lhe same quaigtity to Baldwin Dadle avtI4

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ALEXANf-
DB.
& OTHIMPA
Iv.
PENDLETON.

Sarah, his wife. This allotment was made on-the idea that north 6-w,st was the true hack line. But as the Alexandvis ihtended to institute suits for tiv purpose of recovering Ihnds lying west of the north 6 line, tt was agreed between all the parties that the partition then made sho,,ld not be conclusive, but should dipend'on the suits about to be,i-stituted. In consequence, as is presumed, of this verbal agreement, the su,'vey -andprocced-
ings unde-t!is interiocutory decr,- wer not etutmed
and in MaZ,1711, the suit was dismissed agreed.

Townshend Dade and Parthenia, his wife, remained in quiet po'ssession of the four h~ndred acres devised to
Parthenia by her father, according to those boundaries which had been marked out on the idea that north 6 west was the true back line.

Sarah Dade died without issue'- on which event her land was limited to her two brothers John and Gerard, who entered thereon and continued to hold it according to
Berry's survey.

John Carlyle claimed the land west of north 6 weit; and, in April .t766, commenced an ejyctment against
Alxander, who appears to hav,"r covered part of the laid between north 6 and north 17 west in a previous ejectment against one of his tvnanit . In May, 1771, a
verdict and judgement were rendered in his favor.

In the year 1774, Townshend Dade and Parthenia, his Nife, instituted a soit against Jdihn Alexander for a title to the land mentioned in the'bond of Robert Alexander. To this suit John Alexander filed his answer stating the
deqjh of Dade "'MNassey leaving d son by Par'thenia-, hersubseqaent marriage with Townshend Dade,- and the doubt who was entitled 0 the land, as the reasons for its not having been previously convey ed.

In the same year, Charles Aexandpr, son and heir of ohn, filed his answer in which lie states the doubt respecting the back line, admits the north 6 west tote the present back line, and prays that. should a more western boundary be at any time established, he and his heirg
might be at libeftv to vary the bourriaries of Parthenia'es
land so as to conform to such future back line.

FEBRUARY TERM ie81.

In 1776, a deed was executed by Charles Atexander to Parthe,ti Dade conveying 400 acres of land according to the bond of Robert Alexander. This deed specifies no boundaries and contains n, stipulation respecting the fktttr. cliange of the back line. It would confirm the
will of Robert Alexand,,r, if that will- wanted confirmation. In the year 1779, this suit was dismissed neither p~rty appearing.

ALtxAW DE
&'oTnE.Is v.
PENDL-,
TON,

In May, 1778, Parthenia Dade conveyed this tract of laitd , ita no other .:es.riptim of the metes and bounds than was expr,.-sed in the bold and will of her father, to Wiilia;n Harts'horne. who took posession of the land and lidd it acc.u'ding to Berry's survey, which makes north 6 west the back line.

William Hartshorne laid off the northern part of the tract fi',m the f'iver t,) north 6 west in twnt) -three lots which he sld to variou p .rs,'is ; aiui tep, i., May, 1779. conve'yed the ,'esidoe of the land, which iwi:udes that in contrwersy, to Wiliiam Ilarman, of P, nnslvania, by metes and bounds tak~ng north 6 west to be the true back line.

In the year 1786, Mordecai L.ewis, executor of William Harman, conveyed this land to Hisha CUt.'dFn Dick, who in 1796, conveyed eiglity -three acr .s, the laed pow
in dikput,-, to Henry Lee, who, in June, 1797, conwyed to Bahlwin Da.le, who, on the 29th day of Decen'ber, in
tle year 1801. conveyed to Philip Fitzhugh, who, on the 18th of February, 1i0,z. conveyed t0 Nathaniel Pendleton. In the same deed Fitzh ugh con vei s -also to Pendieton three acres of lnd. other part of the tract of 400 acres, with notice that Charles Alexander claims north 17 west as the back line.

Previous to the conveyance from Baldwin Dade to Philip Fitzhu.h, the Said Dade had conveyed tl land in cintroversy to Thomas Swan to secure 'a debt dse to William Hodigson. Swan conveyed to William B. Page, in trust for Hodgson, who conveyed to Hodgson, who, in July, 1803, conveyed to Ppndieton.

Soon after the (icision in favor of Carlyle in May,

771, Charles Alexander brought an ejectment for the

VOL. VIIL

b9

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ALFJxAXN-
Dna
& OTHERs IV.
rENDLETON.

same lands, and in 1790, a verdict was given in his fa vor. ,n which a juigvint was rend, red, which was affirmed on appeal in 179-. In 1796, Charles Alexander instittited a suit in the C-urt of Chancl-ry in Virginia,
for the IUrtos of altering the boundari-s b which the land o" Paielhenia had theretofore been held, and of laying- off that tract so rs to extend it to n wrth 17 west, thereby narrowing its breadth wlere it stretches to-
wards the town of Al;oxan-lria, anl giving it more length.
To this suit, th .se-uuder whom Pendleton claims, with others were made Defendants.

Charles Alexander. departed this life in the year 1806, and the suit has not b.,ei 'revived.

Nathaniel Pendleton being about to sell the land in controversy, tende~red to C..ales Alexander a deed for quhting the title ; and, on his refusing to ex.cute it, in-
stituted a suit to compel him so to do. After the death of Charles Alexander this suit was brought against the Defendant, his widow and children.

In the Circuit Court a decree was rendered in favor of the Plaintiff, from which the Defondants have appeal-
ed to this Court.

The cause was argued last term, hy SWAN and JoNEs, for the Appellants, and by E. I. LEE and C. LEE, for
the Appelee.

SWANN,for the.Appellam..

The only qu-stion is, whether the long possession accordinto m.ptes and bounds, gives a good title notwithstandine the clain of Alexander to carry his back line so as to run north 17 degrees west; instead of north 6
degrees west.

The b.ond to convey to Parthenia in 173t-2, calls siniply for the'back line; R. Alexanders will in 1785, devises the hNlud to her by the'sam, decription ; and the deed of confirmation from Chaarles Alexander in 1776,
still rot'er'i to the back line. Whatver should he the back line ef Alexander's tract, was to be the western homndary of Parthenia's 400 acres. In i7O a suit was

FEBRUARY TERM 180.
;nstituted for partiti -n, in which Partlenia was a party. ALPXAWA survey and partition was nmde, but was not'acted up- nun on by the Court, becatse tie parties all understood that & OThERS the back line was unsett(-d, and the partition thn made v. was agreed to be temp. rary, and to be reformed if the rENDLEback line sh,,uld be carred farther to the westward than T'oN. north 6 degrees west. This agreem, n, althougl verbal, wds binding on Parilienia, at least so far as to prevent her possessio, from being considered as adversary to Alexander as to that part of the land which might be taken away upon settling the back line.
There was therefore no adverse possession until IT78, when Parthenia sold to Hartshorne. From 1778 to 1796, when C. Alexander instituted L.is snit in the Court of Cliancery in Virginia, to all er the boundaries of the tract, there had not been tzo years of adverse possession. If Pendleton had looked back to his title he Ngould have found that it was never conveyed by metes and bounds, prior to 1778, and that the question of'boundary was still unsettled. He purchased-while that suit was pending, and therefore must be presumed to have had notice of the claim.
E. L LEE and C. LEE, contra.
This case is not affected by the question, which was the true back lint- of Alexander's land. Neither Parthemia nor those claiming uider her, were parties to any suit in 'hich that qu stion was litigated, and cannot therefore be bound by an) decision on that point. At the date of the bond, and of Robert Alexander's devise to Parthenia. he held only to the line north 6 west. The conveyance is to be taken mrst strongly against the grantor. In 1776, when C. Alexander made the deed to Parthnia, lieheld only to the same line, and it had been at that time established as his back line by a judgment in the year 1771.
If there were sufficient evidence of a parol agreement, it could be onl.V an agreement to re-convey the land, if the back line should be settled further to the west.%.rd. Being a parol agreement to cpnvey land, it would havo been void by the statute of frauds.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
MLZxAN- If Pendleton had notice of the pendenry of C. AlexanDLR der's suit in chancery to alter the boundaries, yet that
& OTHERS Suit WaS after%%ards discontinued, and there is no eviv. dence that lartshorne, or those claiming under him,
PEVDLE- had notice of the claim until after they had made their ToN. purchases. Pendleton holds their rights, and can protect himself by their want of notice.
JorEs, in reply.
There was nothing in the title to deceive purchasers. There was sufficient evidence on the face of the deed to show that the possession was temporary. They all refer to the back line of Howsen's patent; and every purchaset: would necessarily enquire where that line was. Upon the enquiry he would find either that the line was in dispute and unsettled, or that it had been settled at north 1t7 degtiees west.
The agreement was merely evidence of the nature of the possession, and was no more affeted, in this respect, by the statute of frauds, than would be a simple declaration of the tenant, that he held not adversely to, but under, IL Alexander.
If the title is to be quieted, it must be upon the principle that long possession by certain metes and bounds, induces a presumption that some dded had been mode conformable to the possessioli. But such a pre~umptiort is rebutted by the -agreement.
,March 12th.
MARSHALL. Ch. J. after stating the case, delivered the opinion of the Court as follows:
cc This boing an application to restrain a person from the assertion of title in the ordinary course of judicial proc-edings, the prayer of the bill ought not to be granted in a doubtfd case; but if the caie be a clear one, the inP. .position of equity is allowable; and the situatiou of the land adjoining a growing city, the number of persons who are consequently interested in the settlement of the question, and the numerous titles which d-

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

pend on it, give it pectiLiar claims to the attention of the ALXAW-

Court.

DER

& OTHERS By the laws which govern this cast, a possession of V. thirt years under.some circumstances, and of fifty years, PEND. E-

under aiiy, constltutes a title against all the world. The TON. Appellee claiming under a possession perhaps- from the

year 1732, certainl) from -th( year 1741, has 'a complete

title, unlkss sonethiing (an be alleged by the Plaintiffs

in error wbhi h shall deprive him of 'the advantages of

that possession.

It is urged that the contract of 1741, between the Alexander's and the Dade's, made the latter trustees for the former with respect to that portion of the land included in Berry's survey, which they had agreed tW surrender in the event of establishing a more western back line. And that, therefdre, in computing time, we must
commence with the sale from.Parthenia Dade to'-Wil-
liam Hartshorne, in May, 1778.

-ad the land continued in possession of Parthenia Dade and her heirs, the question wyhether this-contract was of unlimited duration, or contemplated some particular suit then intended to be brought, would merit consideration. But-as the contract does not appear on the title papers, but was verbal, a purchaser for a valuable considt ration could not be affected by it unless he was a purchaser mith notice. Finding Parthenia Dade in the. quiet and undisturbed possession of four hundred acres of land, tbrming a parallellogram. limited on the west by' the line north 6 west, he had a7 right to consider that lite. as established, so far as respected the land of'Parthenia.
He was not bound to know that a private parol agreement existed, Which would control the possession. This trust therefore no more passed with the lmnd to Harts-
borne, than would any other secret trust of which he'had
.no knowledge.

The various suits which have been instituted by, and against the ancestors- of the Appellants cannot dffect this cause. A suit not prosecuted to a decree or judgment is not constructive notice to a person not a p~ndente lite purchaser; and were the law otherwise, those suits, un-
til that instituted in i796., would convey no notice of the

SUPREME COURT U. S.
ALBXA?- private agreement made in 1741. A knowledge of the DER suits therefore wouh. not imjlly a knowt dge ok the trast;
& OTIERS and possession fir fifty 3ewas, though with knowledge of T. a b(tter title, if auversar-y, constit tes a good defence
PENDLE- against that title.
TON,
In i7'96, Charles Alxander instituted a suit against sun,,r persons claiming the land in controversy for the
purpose of altering the boundaries %lhihhad been held by Parthenia, and those claiming under her, from the y ear 1732, and which had been surveyed under an interlocutory decree made by the Court of Chancery, in the year 17-11 In defending thchiseives against this claim, the purchaser., of the land had a right to unite the 1 3ssession of Parthenia Dade to their possession, without being affected by a secret trust of which they had no notice. If upon the trial of that suit a possession of fifty years
,could not have been'established, and if the Court should have been of opinion that this was not a case in which an adversary possession of thirty, years would have constituted a bar, the merits of the title would have been necessarily inVestigated. But if Charles Alexander had permitted that suit to be dismissed, and had filed a new bill, he would not have been at liberty, in the computation of time, to avail himself of the pendency of the former suit, unless he could have conniected the two suits together. The law is the same vi here a suit terminates by abatement and is not revived, such a suit takes no time out of the act of limitations. "The title of Pendleton therefire has from that act all the benefit wl'icli can be derived from'a possession from the year 1741, when a
possession osten:;ibly adversary by metes and bounds unquestionably commenced, to tle. institation of this suit in the year 1806. The deduwtion ii lich the laws of Vir-
ginia make from all computations of time in cons'qtence of the war of the revolution, will not be sufficient to take this case out of the act of limitations. The App,.llees title, being secured by a posst-ssiitn of more than fifty years, is unquestionably good, and it is proper that the doui-fs which hang over it. sh,,nld he removed. There
is i;o ic'rcr in the proceedings Qf the Circuit Court an~t the decree is affirmed.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

M'CALL V.
.1ARIll, iNS. co.

But it is contended by the counsel for the Plaintiff, in order to escap , from this conclusion, that the word 66 unlaNful," in the policy, is confined in its operation to arrests, and does not extend to - restraints and de-
tainments." To this construction the Court cannot-assent. The grammatical order of the words and the co-
herence of the sentence require a different construction. It is not against every ",unlawful arrest" that the underwriter undertakes to indemnify, but against iunlawful arrests, &c. of all kings, princes, and people," which have always been hehi to mean the arrests of kings, princes, or people, in their sovereign and nation-
al capacity, and not as individuals. The necessary connexion of the sentence, therefore, requires that-"ar-
rests, restraints and detainments," should be coupled
together; and, ifs,o, the qualification of unla-wful must be annexed to them all. The intent of the parties, also, urges to the same conclusion ; for every arrest is a restraint and detainment; and it would be strange if the
party coulil, unider the allegation of a restraint, recover a loss from which the underwriter is expressly exempted by -an unambiguous-exception in the policy.

On the whole, the uourt are of opinion that the judg ment of the Circuit Court must be affirmed.

18.1.
Feb. 9th,

SMITH AND OTHERS v. EDRINGT'ON.

Present....4ll the Judges.

ltuUtnederotfheVsiat, a- THIS was an appeal from the Circuit Court for

iinia reqpcet- the district of Virginia, sitting in chancery. ing nills, it is

nece,sary (in

ordei that

The bill sought to charge the lands of Christopher

laaftnedratehqeai(rlaetde E drington in the hands of his son and heir at law, W.

of the willmav P. Edrington, with a debt due by his father, Christopass. by the pher Edrington, to the Complainants, by simple contract.
Vwillth) the intentionof the
testator should It was contended that the lands passed, by the will clearly appear of Christopher Edrington, to his son, W. P. Edrington,
upon the fice -
of the will, charged with the payment of the debts of the testator,

FEBRUARY TERM 181.

although the lands were acquired by the testator after sMiorH

the date of the will.

& oTHEIs

'V.

The will expressed a desire that all the just debts of 'EDRINGthe testator should, be paid by his executors as soon as TON. the means in their power should permit. It also an- ....
thorized his executors to dispose of and convey any of his property that might be necessary for payment of his debts; and afterwards it has these expressions, "cshould "my son, Win. P. Edrin-ton, to whom I bequeath the "whole of my property, after the payment of pny debts,
and provisions above made, die under the age of 2:1 "years, I then give,"'&c. The testator then proceeds to make certain pecuniary bequests, in the event of his son's so dying, and concludes by disposing of the residue of his property.

At the date of: the will the testator had no lands. Those which the bill sought to charge were purchased a short time before his death.

By an act of the legislature of Virginia, in force at
the date of the will, 1 Rev. Co. P. P. 160, it is'enacted, it that every person aged 21 years and upwards, being "1of sound mind, and not-a married woman, shall have "power, at his will and pleasure, by last will and testa"nment in writing, to devise all the estate, right, tifle "and interest in possession, reversion, or remainder, - which he hath, or at the time of his death shall hare, - of, in, or to lands," &c.

The-Court below dismissed so much of the Complainant's bill as sought to charge-the lauds in the bands of the heir, and they appealed to this Court.

E. I. LnEm for the Jlteellanti.

The only question in this case is, whether the lands passed by this will to the devisee, W. P. Edrington. For if they did, he took them subject to the debts of his father, by the terms of the will.

By the statute they would pass, if such was the intention of the testator.

458

SUPREME COURT U. S.

sMITH That such was his intention is to be inferred from & OTHERS the following facts which appear in the case.

T.

EDRING-
TON.

It is evidont from the will that he meant to dispose of his -whole estate; and that his just debt- should be paid at all events. He bequeaths to Lis son, his -Mhole property, after payment of his debts, and certain specific legacies. In the summer of 1803 or 1804 , the testator off red to convoy this land in payment of his debt to the Complainants, which shows that he looked to the land as a fund for that purpose, and that he (lid not mean to cheat his creditors by converting his personal estate into lands.

.The intention of the testator is to be collected not only from the words of his will, but from his act. I Irash. 96, Keannon, v. .T,'oberts-id. 266, Sherner -c. Shermer.

TAYLOR, contra.

Under the statute of Hen. 8 (of wills) it has always been holden in England that no after-purchhsed lands can pass by a will. This will must have the same construction as if the devise had been to a stranger instead of the heir at law. It must have been the iutention of the testator, at the time, to devise what he had, nnt whal h- had not. It does not apwar that lie even c ntemp, ated a purchase of lands. Under the first part of hip, will it is clear that he alludes only to personal estate.

In the rase Of Ilamersly -.

3 Call. 289. it

is said by the Court of appeals of Virginia, that the in-

tention to devise after-acquired lands must appear by

expressions applicable to that kind of property.

February23d....WASHINGTON, J. delivered the opinioi of the Court as follows:

This was a bill filed on the equity side of the Circut Court for the district of Virginia by the Appellants, in *orderto charge the real estate of Christopher Edrington in tIe hands of his Yon .and heir at law, Wilham P. Edrington, with the payment of a debt due to the Ap-

FEBRUARY TERM isi.
pellants by Christopher Edrington, the father. The SmiTH apteal being taken from that part of the decree of the & OTHERS Circuit Court which dismissed the bill so far as it seeks T. to subject the real estate in the hands of Win. P. Ed- EDRINGrington to the payment. of the Appellaitfs demand, the TON. only question noW to be considere4 is, whether th, will Af' Christopher Edrington can be so construed as to charge his real estate with the payment of his debts ?
The clauses of the will reiied upon by the Appellant's counsi I for this purpose, are that Which expresses the devise of the testator'that all his just debts should be paid by his executors, &c. so soon ,asthe means in their pow\er should permit; also another, which atithovizes his executors to dispose of. and convey, any of his property that might be necessary for payment of his ddhts; and a third, which is still str.n~ger, and is expressed as foll.ws: *,Should my son, Win. P. Edrington, to whom I ht'qu ath the whole of my li)cq-erty, after the pa.ment of my debts and provisions above made, die under the age or 2r"years, 1 then give," &c. The testator then proceeds to m.-ke ce.tain. pectiniary bequests in the event of his son's so (lying, and concluiles by disposing of the then residue of his property.
At the time that this will was made it is admitted that the testator was nut possessed of or entitled to any estate in land, but that afterwards, and a short time previous to his death, lie purchascd the tract of land which this bill seeks to chmrge. By an act of the legislature of Virginia, passed in th.. year 178., and ,,ong h"foire. the date of this will, it is declared 6 that any person aged 2f yea's and upwards, bcing of sound mind, and not a married woman, shall have power. at his will and pleasure, by last will and testament in Niriting, to devise all the estate, right, title, and interest, in possession; reversion, or remainder, which he hath, or at the tine of lis de'ath shall have, of, in, or to lands," &c. The circumstance, therefore, that the land in question was acquired after the execution of the will, presents no difficulty in this case, if it appears that it was the inten.. tion of the testator t,)devise it to his son; because ifi"t passes at all under the will, it may readily be adnmitt -d that the devisee took iWsubject to the payment of th:, tesfator's debts; the parts of the will above recited being

SUPREME COURT U. S.

sm.,rit & OTHERS
"v.
EpRING-
TON.

strong to impose such a charge. But although a testator may, under the above law,- dispose by will of afterpurchased lands, it is nevertheless necessary that his intention to make such a disposition should clearly appear upon the face of the will. The rule in England, as well as in Virginia, at the time this law was passed was, that a will, as to land, speaks at the date of it, and, as to personal estate, at the time of the testator's death.
The law created no new or different rule of construction, but merely gave a power to the testator to devise lands which he might possess, or be entitled to, at the time of his death, if it should behis pleasure to do so. The presumption is, thatthe testator nieans to confine his bequests tp land'to which he is then entitled; and this presumption can only be over-ruled by words clearly showing a contiary' intention.

In this will there are no expressions which indicate an rintention to devise, or in any manner to charge, lands which the testator might -afterwards acquire. It
does not appear that the testator contemplated, at the time he made hiswill, the purchase of any land, and
the words, " estate" and ",property," to be found in it, may be filly satisfied by applying them to the personal property of which he was possessed.

it is therefore the opinion of the Court that there is no error in the decree of the Circuit Court, and that the same onght t6 be affirmed with costs.

810.
Feb. 18th.

BEALE v. THOMPSON AND MARIS. .blsert.... WASHINGTON J q"JOHNSON, 3.

ERROR to the Circuit Court foi' the district of It is a fatgl Columbia..
objection to a
dkeepn'uoPntdOer ttahe-, On the trial_in the Circuit Court below, the Defenjdiwe.aet of dant, Beale; offered in evidence, the deposition, of Tu1789, Set. 3o, ris 'Craven, taken befdre the judge of the district Court
AIkit was O-
pcw but of the United'States, for the district of New Hampshire, Court. - Udder tie 30M1 sec. ofthejudwiary act of Sep. 24th, 1789,
Tol.. 1), . 48, which, after prescribing the mode of taking

FEBRUARY TERM 1811-

power of the country, yet, until some act is passed upon the si.hbjct, it is still under the protection of the law, and
may be dlaimed atter the termination of war, if not previously confiscated. We vill, therefore, make such order respecting it, as -il pr1eserve it, subjtct to the will of t1} Court, to be disposed of as future ci-cumstances shall render proper.

THE ADVEXTUflE,
MASTE.

As to the mode of distributing the amount of the salvage, the Clourt haie concluded to adept an arbitrary distibution; because tiere exists no positie rule on that stbject. They w uild have adopted the rules of the 1prizi act relative to cases, of sah age, had the circumstances of the case adnittd of its application.

This Court orders and decrees, that the decree of filu Circuit Court of virf. lia, in this case, be reversed that the costs and chavges he paid out of the proceeds of the sale ; that V1 e one half of the balance be adjudg-
ed to the Libellants, to be divided into thirteen and a half pauts, three of which shall be paid to the captain, two to the suprcargo, two to the chief mate, one and a half to the second mate, and one to each of t66 seamen. And that the balance be deposit(d in the bank of Virginia, to remain subject to the future order of the Circuit Court.

JOHN GREEN Tv. JOHN LITER iUn oMnS.

THIS was i Nirit of right brought by Gien, the
Demandant, against the tvnants, to recover seizin of. ";6, N1 a large tract of land lying in Kentucky, and set forth ITS. hve :c. in the count. The writ of right was sucd out under risdirtion in the act of the Virgia assebh, entilled - an act for v'!rif (i'1treforming the method of proceeding in Alrits of right." Pertydemind-

e'd exceeds

-

5500 invalue ;

At the trial in the Circuit Court for the Kentucky a,,liluponthe

district, several questions arose upon which the Court trial the de-

4

Mandant reco-

was divided ; whereupon those qwestions were certified ver les, he is

for tle opinion of the Supreme Court. They are as ,,ot to be al-

follows :

flo

:owed

but.,thttihsecodstiss:-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GREEN 1st. Has the Circuit Court of the United States ju, risdiction in a writ of right, where the land claimed by
LITERu the Deiandant is above the value of %500, but the tepe&oTInRS. Ment held by the tenant is of less value than* 7 500 ?

cretion (f the .2d. Can the Demandant join in the writ and count
Court, may be
adjudged to srveral tenants claim *g under several distinct, sepa-

l"a'nvwo,

rfriaortseetsw.anitdh inthdeeplaennddenotf

original titles, all of the Df maniant? If

which

inter-

ILaw9a u rit of

he cin, must

right min ,ot he demand of them the tunements they severally hold, laVgaein,esxtceilplht ete- or may he demand a tenement to the extent of his own

ilant oihtil tle ? If it comprizes a patt not claimed or held by any fredhold de- of f he said tenants, may he vmand, in iis count against

there a , the several tenants, his os, n tenement, or must he deerai tenants mand of each tenlant the tenement he severall holds?
claiming Eevc-

1al pal[1cels.of
land by distinct 3d. Can the tenant, under the act of the Virginia astntoletlsa,wthfuelylycabne- s;mnbly ibr'reforming the method of proceeding in writs Yippd in ,one of right, plead in abatement eitber the plea of non-

twheryit;aarne,d tihfey-t-e1nure, jnint tenancy, sole tenancy, several tenancy, ma-1a1lkd in 0r never tenant of the freehold, or any of them, or oth-

abatemeiccnt of er pleas in abatement necessary to his case; or is lie &I d vrr.'itd.at f compellable to Jein in the mise in the form prescribed

demands a- by.tie said act ? If lie can, when or at what stage 6f the

gahint any te- proceedi,

unt more land

,"..

s ? If l.ie cannot, may lie give it in evidence

than he holds, on the inise joined ?

he ma pleau

Iion.t nure as

1o tl pa.c. , 4 hr. May the tenant, under the said act, plead spe-

fler holden. chilly any matter of bar, or must lie join the mise, with-

bitt tli rit otohrpe -shall bate onut othe

plea, in 'tthe"e'bform prescribed by thl~e said act.

'ly as, to the
41lioa-tw,ehipel rree-'

5th. Can a, )cnidant who has regularly obtained

"sleaded and t Patent from the land office 6f the' state of Virginia admitted or for the land; in contest, undbr the act of the Virginia tine'thenet, legislature passed in'the year-1779, commonly styled

of entucky, the, land law, maintain a writ of right, tinder such pate azlend tent, against a person claiming and holding possession

process ill

ci-hoiniimceor-njaanldawu||andert a younger patent from the said state, without

toinl..V

"a'infgirst taken tie actual possession of the land,

teover, a uder his patent, held by the trnant? If lie can main-

though -lie
prove only
art of the
|.im in'his

tahi a writ of right without such proof in the general, can he (1 it x here his right of entry is barred by an ac-
c
tual adverse possession of twenty years?

decla-ation;

but it does not
enable Win to 6th. Is the eldest patent, obtained, as aforesaid, for

FEBRUARY TERM is81.

231

the. land in controversy, suificient proof of the best GUrEFl mere right; or can the Demandant be put on the proaf .. that, in the incipiency. and in the diflitrent steps ne- LITER cessary to complete his title, he has complied with the &OTHEns requisites prescribed by the acts, the one entitled "an act for adjusting anl settlingZ5the titles of Chimants to j"oain piaornt,iews hion unpatented lands under the present and former govern- ct ment, previous to the estabhlishmen." of'the commonweplth joned at the
la ofland on law.
land ofce," and he other, ,,an act for establishing a The act of office and ascertaining tho terms and manner if granting vi'L.inia of wiste and unapp"[rop.ia)t. e' l.auds,".. and the subsequent l.aws ln'8g6ti,lermeffeotrhmod-. of i ginia on the same subject, i force at the t~ne o[ h, ofgtoceeling erection of the district of Kentucky into a separate state ? in writs of
siglit, did not,

7th. If the Demandanthiisscnnoattenct,ohmipteellaanblte touosblminwn-athneyovrryletghael prrigedhit*s

thing beyondthihnigs patent, can the t

ant holdin

tileopenaarmtieens,t

of thec
asthey

younger patent be permitted to impeach the Deman- existed at the

dants patent, to slew the incipien·,cy" and. completiotln of cIto(m11m,1noontthlaewr.(

his own title, and the relative merits of his own andl the lbrehange

DemandanL's title?

tle nature ila
ifeet of the pleadings; and

Sth. Can the Derendant defend himself by slienvgi notwithstandan older and better existing title than the Demandant's, tihnegttehnaatnatcsth,all

in a third person ?

still have the

full benefit of

9th. Where sever4 tenants, claiming in severalty, tles'dinat-

are joined in a writ of right, should the finiding Qf the ruent. The, jury be several of' the ,mere right, between the -Deian- which pravide*

dant and each tenant, or may it be a general finding thatthe tenant

that the Demrandant hath the most mero.right?

amt atyh,e7otrniatlh,e

general issue,

l0th. The commonwealth having first·ma. de a!nd grant- gie,nt i,a ey*'m- ted a patent to the Demandant, and afterwards, by her ter which

patent, granted a part of the same land to the Defen- mighthave dants, who entered and obtained the first possession, the beenspecially

Demandant afterwards entered and took possession, inn- lned tormat-

der his first grant, of that part of his land not within the .e in bar.

patent of

the

first

grantee-who

has

the, best

mere

right

Under the sic
of'Virginia of

to the land, where th patents conflict, outside of the ac- 1786, the ten.

tual close of the lapt grantee

ant may, athis.

any special

itti. Will an entry upon par%and taking the esplees imnaatWwriint.obfar

nnder the elder grant fromn the commonwealth, and ma- right orgve

king

claim

to

the

whole

land

inlded

within

the

bounds

it in evidcn on the mise,

of the elder grant, authorise the Demandant tQ maintain ;oin01d. Th,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

eREEN his writ of right against the tenants holding the previous ., possession under a younger patent interfering with the

LITER elder grant i

SqOTHERS.

WICxLIFF,for te Dernandant.

act is not com-
pmuulslaivtiev.eb. utr- The Court below being divided in oppinnioon upon the

Theactofyir- several questions blreidy stated, they have been adjour-

gna of
didt not cha3nge

ned

to

this

Court.

The questions themselvs sufficient-

t nure o? ly shew the controversy. And the several points will the inquirY as be dxamined as they present themselves on the record
to the titles of the pasties to a
nrit of right. With regard to the first, we contend that the Circuit iaorder rit Court has Jurisdic"t?ion in the case therein stated : and
sutpport awer

ofright, it is that the Defendant's only remedy, in such case, under not necessary the act of congress, is, that lie shall be excused from
to prove an ac-
tual entry un- paying costs, and that he *may, at the discretion of the dswetrutailtleta,'koinrg Court, be allowed his costs. In siippart of this point, of-etples. A we rely on the judicial act of 1789. Lazes. . vol. 1,

corstruetive po !7, 1 Sess. 1 Cong. ch. 20. § Li'- 90.
seizeil in deed is su ffietent.

Undertheland 2l. Upon the second question, we contend, in behalf

.oLf wVirgin- of the Demandant,that under theact 6fas mbly ofVirg.

ia, UIe whole Re

" t,

lep estate & Rev. Co. P. P. 31, if his tenement is an entire one, and

seizs of the interfered with by (livers tenants, lie can only demand

coal- to his
wealth pa'os

tenement

as

it is-,

and

cm.not

lknow

how

the adverse

thueponlptahteenitseseu,-C.laditmahnats bound or- abut their claims or possession; in&of hisspa-nml that as all claim and obstruct him in the use

tent, in as klland possession, lie has a right to sue all. We, conaan.dmsbssenneerf,i$cial tend, further, that altholugh the Demandant claim more (subject only thaih the tenants or either of them hld, still lie may reotof tthhee crmights cover as much as is withheld from him by the tenant or monwealth) tenants. To support this possition we rely upon the

,mthe com- act of assembly of Virginia of 1792, ch. 125, which moniwealth iti-s in force in Kentucky aI is the same il substance
selfheld therm
A c-mveya,;ce with the act of 25 ldw. 3, ch. 16, which enacts - thtt ofwikl and va- by thb exce(ption of non-tenure of parcel no writ shall be

cntlands
gvsa.con- abated but for quantity of the non-tenur, width is allegstruetive seizin ed ;" and the act of assembly of Kentucky, entitled "4an

thereof, in
deed, to the

act to amed proceedings in chancery and common law;"

Tratee, and tie latter of which acts expressly provides, that if the

attathesohi I
all the la~gal

Plaintiff at law shall:prove

part of his

demand or claim

remelieimci- set up in his declaration, he shall not be non-suited, but dent to the shall have judgment for what he proves. See also.
estate. A
fortiori, thwi Boothe on ieal actionsv. 2.

FEBRUARY. TERM i814,

3d. On the third question, we insist, that, under a GHZEN sound construction of the act of assembly of Virginia of 1786, (revised co'de, vol. 1, p. .33, cb..27,) no matter in iLT zt
abatement which does not affect the right (canbe pleaded. &OT1rnms. But if if can be pleaded, yet, undter the acts of assembly of Kentucky, aud the roles of the Circuit Cou' of ther district of Kentucky, it ought to be ph-saded during the principl a

appearance term, and be supported by oath. It is furI- ,,nat."nKte. iltu·c l 'N," ther insisted, that only such matters as sstume the char- a illeln, t ile
acter of abatement at common law, and which affect the voilipletin ol mere rig!it, such as non-tv-nure,.ean be given in evid, n(e tainedtietpisl ttithlee;
on the mise joined. A ronlrary construction of the act Itlegtitle only would lead to the worst of cousequenc -. If, upon the itnhtcovnatrn--cvoemrsey nisc joined, all matter in abatenteit might Ibe given i inntrier y

evidence, a man might lose :h- is valuable inheri·tance by rAi.-hlIt.ttersutb.

the Defendant pi'oviin on th trial that lie claimed and ,stin aerse

held as joint-tenant, and not as sole tenant. It wotid title ;n a third

also involve the monstrous absurdity o" making the jury ,n in ao

the sole and exclusive judges of the Deniandan's count,* it ot right,

and pleading.

If tenants

claiming dif-

fereat parcels
4th. Thefourth proposition seems to bf -abstract and of land by indefinite. If the matter in bar affects the mere rl.,ht oiitnct titleS

arid goes to shew substantially that the Demnndant has-that nmtter in

no claim in fee ,imple, it is submitted to the Com to *slnaltejoieinnti,se

say, whether, under aj ust construction of the act,.he can aliae, it is alt

plead it. But as the act allows him to give such bar in dmission that:
hyare joint
evidence oni the general issue, it is withidi the sound.dis- tenyita of the

cretion of the inferior Court, to permit the Defendant to whole; and

plead- fle special matter, or give it in evidence otihe

the verdict, if for the De.

general issue ; and that must depend upon the time when mandant for

the application is made. Ou this point, the case of=. ~thlapneadrlcelm~oayf
Resler -o. Sheehee, i Cranh, 110. and the cast, of Fax andbegeeral y

Wide, in the Court of....appeals in Kentucky, are relied mthoa,t'e hmebeareth

upon. It is further submitted, whether he mere etL-'right to iod

quette of pleatling amd the time Nlien that pleading shall the ,amethau

be

filed,

is

not a matter of practice

onhy.

and propCr

to be the tenants;
U ad it of any

left to the Circuit Courts to settle undcr their oN n rules pal-eel for the

or the statutes and practice in Ken" tucky.

ttheenyantsh, atvheat

more mere,
Sth. The fifth q. ue. stion seems to be a more importatnto rtiigehtsatmo e htohldan one, and it would have been, perhaps,more regular the Deran-

have I aced that before the other questions, inasmuch as dnt..

a decision upon that, affirmatively, .votuld premlude tile famanenta-

necessity ofdeciding several of the othes,

i t tl ndhav-

VOL. VJ

1.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

G rEN Upon this question we contend that the' Demandant .~ call, uponl his patent, maintain~his writ of right; and that

.ITE]R
&oTHEtS.
selzin is not boundd by his etuml oe-
hcupan'ebyu, t isheldto be Wo-extensive with his title But if a enter t ithout title, his seizin is otfined to his posessior by metesand ueods
Aa pnarelterywhinictho

actual possession is not necessary. To maintain this point it is not at all material to prove that by the king's letters patett granting titles to land in Englandi a writ of right could be maintained. It is believed that no case
nhaosccurred where that point has been directly deciM-
ed. But titles in Englanj are conditional, not absolute. Since the time of William the conqueror, all grants of
land have been made on feudal principles ; and a patent imn aEngland is not ofitself a right, but an authority to
the grantee to take a right ; that right rests upon conditions ; And one of those conditions is entering and taking
g possesslon of the land. In the grant there are two pardes supposed, the king and grantee ; and the grantee becomes bound to the king %ht n he accepts the estate,

is vacant, min and not till then ; the ultimate property remains with noot'at gpiavreceseleizin the king ; and upoonnlyt.he tenant's entering, he becomes

which isin an seize- of the use only ; and hence exists the reason, in adverse seizin; the English books, of requiring the Denmandant, in the innbtoutantheenltarzyt mos solemn trial of a right to real esta-te, to shew-and

parcel, in the prove the highest title the subject ever had, the dominium nwahmolee, ofVtihlle utile, or usufr'uct of the property ; for if neither he nor

enure as an his ancesfor had entered and been seized of the use, (the evnatrcyaninttoptahcel, dorniniui m directurn remaining in the king,) they never Under pateel' had a fee simple estate; the feudal grant not being an veyance, tak estate in fee, but a right to enter and take one ; and if ddeetrefthseecsttatuutte that rriihght was never exercised, the estate was never' taof us", the ken. See 2Bl. Coin. i6. 101,, 10.5, 107. 108. It appears, baacrgoaminpcleetehas-also.:. further, f om Bootl, and Fitz. .Mat. Brev. lit. writ

seizin in Aeed o right, letter F. that the Demandant had not only to set

without actual out when he was seized, but by what service he held the

entry orivey la .

of sez. .

ad.

·It is important to state the kind of title made by letters patent such as those under which the Demand ant claims. In 1777, the lgislature of Virginia abolished all servile aid feudal tenures ; and, in 1779, passed her land law. undr which we derive title. In one
section of that act. the form of an allodial grantis given ; and, by way of closing every doubt as to the title, the
Register was directod to endorst that the patentee had title. Having provided, in that sectiot, for the complete
investment of an absolute and unconditional title under that act, and actuated by a laudable'desire to place all

FEBRUARY TERM 18i4.

235

her citizens upon the same tenure, in the 19th section of GREMS the same act she declares, ,, that all reservations and T. "conditions in tie patnits or grants of land from tile. LrrR "crown of E ngland or of Great Britain, under the for- &OTHEUS. "mer government, are hereby declared to be null and ".void; and that all lands tlereby rispectively granted " shall be hold in absolute and unconditionl property, to " all intents and purposes whatsoever, in the same mnan"ner with lands hereafter to be granted by the common-
"wealth, by virtue of this act." And by.a subsequent section of the same act, all laws requiring the scating or possession of land t- -vesttitle, are expressly repaled, It will be perceived th-at the legislature not only
gve the form of a patent such as never hafd been issued before in that state, but provided that an indorsemen
should appear, on the back of the letters patent, that the
grant-e had title, no such endorsment ever having been made or allowed during the regal government. But
lest the titles might, in some manner, be tinctured with the learning of the feudal law, they 'explicitly declare that the estate shall he held in absolute and unconditionhi property. It might here be aske , can any man say
that the patent of the conmonwe;lth, issued in stritt pursuance of this act, does not convey a fe simle estpte,
without any condtion being performed by the patentee
To us it seems that this is a point too clear for doubt.

The attention of the Court is next called to the act of 1786. That act, in its title and conlext, pr4fef.ses to be,
an act (o reforim tfe method ofpiroceeding in writs of
right; and epiressly provides, that it shall be lawful for a pierson claiming a fee simple title to sue forth the prwecipe quod reddat, &c. This act gives the writ. If the D. mandant has a fee simple estate, (and the olily question which can be involved is, ias the Demandant,
by these letters patent, a fee simple estate,) a ftrther argument is dra\ i from the fact of passing the act itsAf. T he necessity ,)f tis reform had become obvious to the
legislature and the people of Virginia, from the great
and radical change of the land titles created by the act of i779. That act had repealed all laws which require d
claimers of land to settle them ; had repealed and abolished every service anl tenure by which lands in that state had been theretofore held. Of course the form of the count at common law was totally defective and im-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

onrN ,.
MTETR
&OTHEiIS.
-

proper; because that cortained not only the charge of a.'ttial seizin, but the time wher, and by what kind of service the lands were held. The common law titles fieving ceased, the remedy ceased also ; it then well became the tegisletuc to give a statutory remedy suited to thi, statutory and th,-n existing state of titles ; and thus you find a fwin of procipe and count given, precisely corr, spontent with the title. The act of 1779 abolished all the feudal tenures, and dispensed with actual poss .ssion ; and the ol allegations of possession and the kind of tenure, are omitted. This omissim means something; and why did i, take place if not for the causes now assigned ? See. on the foregoing points, Cruise oit leal Estates, 12.-Co. Litt.folio 4S.-Ch. Rev. 61.

The form of the writ and count is very obviously taken from the British fiorms; and is not only the act of a
legislature famed fir its wisdom and learning, but re-
port makes this form the peculiar work of a committee of the first lawyers then of the Virginia bar. To as-
cribe such unm-aning omissions to such men and to such a body, is wholly inadmissible.

But surely, on common law principles, it cannot be fairly contended that the Demandant shall prove actual
possession. The statute has given him his count or di-alaration. TJhat count will, it is believed, be sufficient
for him after verdict ; and if a man proves every thing lie has alleged upqon a good declaration, we understand
the commn law to be, that he shall have a virdict. - If you reqire of the Demandant to prove'mor- than his
count contains, mhere will you stop ? If you say that after he proves and exhibits a Ice simple title, ie shall also prove possession, why not say that lie must prove
by what tenure lie holds, and whatever else lie was bound to prove at common law; arid which were equal-
ly indispensable to be proved before this statute? The case of Clay ". White, I.. 3Munford, 162, will be relied
on to prolve that the patentee is, to every legal purpose, possess,.d of land, in Virgqinia. by his letters patent.
Upon this puint, the attention of the Covrt is farther called to the state of the country at the date of the Virginia land law. It was in the midst of a war with Oreat Britain ; when sound policy required that many of the geantees who were engaged in the war (the ofiL

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

cers and soldiers) should -remain in it during its con- onuENn-

tinnance; and that those not engaged sliould, to a cer- t.

ttin extent, -be drawn into its armies. IIn fact. this ITrn

very land. offire waq opened with the two-fold - Jew of &oT'ItERS

raising men and money to carry on the war. It is

Itherefore asked, if the objects of the legislature would

not have been defeated if the very bounty offered for

the public service, and which might be the-price or the

blood of the father to the children, should depend upon

seating and possessing the land? For if the doctrin,

obtain, that actual possession is necessary to a perCect

title, or to give a fee simple estate, it is incontrovertible

(by the rules of the common law) that the death of the

grantee before entry, prevents the estate from descend-

ing ; that the grantee cannot sell nor devise a me

right of entry ; and that, by the bare attempt to-do the

one or the other, he works a forfeiture. See Co. Litt.

21, 266, and .N'o's .Maxim, 84. It is believed that

one third of the best lands in Kentucky are held by de-

vise, purchase, or descent, without the original gran-

tee ever having been possessed. With what astonisment

will the Virginian or Kentuckian learn; for the first

time, the monstrous doctrine that destroys every estjite.

of the kind. Again, with the exception of four small

forts or stations, the whole territor y which now forms

the state of Kentucky was, at the date "ofthe law, a,

wilderness, in the possession and under the power of

the Indians. In fact, a considerable part granted out

by the state, below the. Tennessee, is yetlheld, and may

be held for a century, by the Indians. And can it be

supposed that Virginia could have intended, when she

invited the soldier and the capitalist to embark their

fortunes in the war, and offered as a reward these lands,

to have imposed the necessity of actual settlement aind

taking the esplees as a pre-requisite to title? What-are

the esplees of a wilderness under the dominion of the

tomahawk and the scalping knife ? Are they the game

or the wild acorns? If we be correct in supposing that

the comnionwealt'h vests in the Demandant, in this case.

a fee simple estate, and legally possesses him of thates-,

tate, it follows, that nothing less tian an adverse p6s-

session of thirty years can bar him ; and that twenty

years is not a sufficient bar., Insupport of.the forego-

ing observations. see Ch. AeRM. p. 97-id. p. 98, uec. 6-

1. Rev. Code of ir. Laws, p. 33-id.p.

XNoys Max-

SUPREME COURT U. S.
GREN us, 160-Co. ,Litt. 48, note-Boothe. 1l2-.id. 98-Hard11. img's (Kentucky) Reports, 182, Bradford T. Palterson.
LiTEn Ailwed's Reports, :37,. Brown v. quarles-Co. Lit. 57&ATuEtIs.Fit . .. A 506, note-Rev. Code, ch. 114.
oth. On the sixth question'proposed, we contend' that the first patent conveys the legal estate in fee; that the incipiency of title was a matter between the commonwealth and the patentee; and, when settled with the commonwealth, anti the title made perfect, that it do,'s not lie in contest between the Demnandant and Defi'ndant. We c,,n:erId, hsa, tiat, in a trial at law; ofa mere legal right, the Defendant cannot set up an equity against the elder grant. This point was settled by the, Court of appeaIs of Kentucky, in the old case of Brown -. quarks, and has ever since been considered the law of that state.
8th. On the eighth,question, we contend that the mise is joined upon the me. o right between the Demandaut and Defendant; and that the jury is to inquire whether "the Demandant bath more right, &c. or the Defendant, &c. and that it will be ahsurd to inquire whether the Demandant or som6 one else hath the most mere right.
9th. On the ninth, it any be observed, that it must depend upon the nianner in which the rmise is joined. If the tenants jointly and severally join the mise upon the whole land claimed by the Demandant in his count, then a general finding will be proper. But if they severally plead as to part, and disclaim or plead non-tenure as to the rest, then the finding should be several, and respond to each issue.
10th. On the tenth, we contend -thatan enti into part in the name of the whole, and claiming the whole, will, on common law authority, sustain the writ and count as to all claiming under a younger and inferior right, that have not had thirty years adverse possession ; and, of course, that the land in the Demandant's patent and outside of the close of the Defendant, belongs to the De.aandant.
11th. The obs.rvations upon the tenth question will .apply to this also.

FEBRUARY TERM tsi.

HUGHES, cotra.

GREElT

Thefifth question bing the most important, and that LITER to which the Demandant's counsel has principally direct- &OTrMnS ed his attention in the course of his argument, I shall confine my observations alo, chiefly to that point.

The Virginia act of ssembly of19th December, i'92, which declares that ",actual possession need nbt be proved to maintain a writ of right," was passed after the separation of Kentucky from Virginia; and consequently is not in force in the former state.

At common law, a writ of right cannot be maintained without proof of se:zin in the Demaudant, and actual taking of spleps within the time of limitation; which, in England, is thirty years on a man's own seizin, and fifty, on the seizin of his ancestors ; and such was the law of Virginia untill the year'1786, when the gct for refwrin'ing the method of proceeding in writs of right, was passed. But this act merely changed the mode of tral, not the substance of proof. It 'did not dispense with proof of the D.-mandant's scizin; and, consequeutly, the law on that subject remains the same as b,,foro the passage of the act of 1786., Vid. Boothe, 85,1t.tt 1t.Co. Lilt. 2S1, 393, 294.-2 ,raund. 45, -6.-Bae. Jqbr.
Tit. Limitation of .'lcions,,B.-4 ReB. 8. Bevilt's eae.-
Old laws of rgihia,1177.

From the case of rissonv. Clarke,3. WiTs. 19, it appears, that if the tenant did not pay his demi-inark, and deny the seizin of the Demandant, such seizin was taken for confessed- Hence the Defendant was put to prove his title, contrary to the general -ule. id. the ca:3e of Tsson Te. Clarke, 8 1tr1W. 41 9.-id. 541.-Co. LIt. § ;;. -Boothe, 13.-But the h-gislature of Virginia, by omitting to require the all6gation of.seizin, made it necessary that the Demandant should, prove it. ITf it had been
alleged, and not denied, such proof, on the part of the
Demandant, would not have been necessary.

Although, accoraing to the decision of the Court of appeals of Kentucky in the case ofInnis and al. T. Crawford, (M. S. report) tile patent convei s a fee simple estate, yet the pawntee must so use it as not to lose his es-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GR N
v. rrn-rt
&OTHERS.

tate, and'in such a manner as to prevent the operation of the statute of limitationg. A patentee may lose his right
by not entering in due time; and, in suc1i case, having nothing superior to a right of entry, he cannot maintaii a writ of right. At the time of the separation of
Kentucky from Virginia, the statute of limitations t Virginia was, verbatim, the, same as the statute of 32l of Henry VIII. c. 2. on which it has been decided, that seizin was necessary within fifty years. V4d. the M. S. report of the case of Sprigs v. Griffith, decidedin
Kentucky-also, the M. S. report of the case of Speed ,. Bhubrd, decided in the Court of appeals of the same state, in May, i813.

But admit that a patent is equivalent to livery in law;
we contend that livery infict is necessary ; and so must the case of White v. Clay in 1. Muuf. 162, be understood. Co. Lit. 2-40, b-id. it-Shep. Toth. -z09, 22s3.

The reason of the ]aw requiring proof of actual possession, is obvious : such proof N as reqired in order
to secure the peaceable occupancy of the land to the
rightful proprietor. Investiture and seizin more 'invented for the purpose of putting an end to litigation.
They were notorious acts in thte country, performed in the presence of the vicinage; and where there had been
such actual seizin and- investiture, the law, after the right of entry was gone, gave the Demandant the writ of right to revive his former possession. 2. B1. Com. Sit, 32, Shep. Touch. 209.

It is true that, accor4ing to the old law, a charter of feoffinent, without actual livery, only gaA e an estate at will; and the statute of uses transfers the possession in law to the use ; but no change was made thit reby in the law respecting writs of Fight, which requires proof of actual possession.
'With regard to the other questions adjourned, the counsel for the tenants contended,

As to the ist. and 2d. points, that the Demandant
could not join, in the writ and count, several tenants claiming under several distinct, separate and ind pendent original titles; and that, as they could not be .Joined, the Circuit Court had no jurisdiction; inasmuch

FEBRUARY TERM it.

21

as no one of the tenements in question was of the value GREENo oi S 500.
LITER
As to the third point, that non-tenure, no seizin, &c. &OTHERS. might be pleaded under the act of Virginia, of 1786.

The 4th point he submitted.

On the 6th and 7th, he contended that the patent was not conclusive evidence in a writ of right.
On the 8th, he supported the affirmative of the ques-
tion.

The 9th, lie said respected matter of form merely.

As to the 10th. he insisted, that when a man takes possession, he takes possession to the extent of his
claim.

The lth, lie said was answered by the observations on the 1st point.

WICKLIFFE, in reply.

Contended, that the Kentucky cases cited by the te-,
nant's counsel, not being final and absolute, were not authority ; that the Court of*appeals of Kentucky was, in fact, waiting for the decision of this Court, in these cases. But admitting them to be authority, still there was error in the finding of the jury; they had ftund a special verdict, which, by the common law, ihey could not do ; they ought to have deeided the mere right, and nothing more.

In the case of a grant from the crown of the same land to two different persons, if the last grantee enter, the former may maintain trespass.

In the case of Innis Tv. Crawford, the Court, in effect,

said, that the patent gave seizin; because they da-

ted the disseizinby the tenant, from the date of his en-

try; but if the demandant was not seized, he could iit

have been disseized.

VoL,. VWil.

31

SUPREME COURT L. S.

GREFrE
V.

The 'Conrt of appeals of Virginia, at differenat times have decided differently on the same law; but the Courts

LITnER of Kentueky have always decided, that when the reason

&oTHERs. of the.English"law ceased in consequence of the different

circumstances of the country, the law itself ceased.

Friday,.1farchl ith. Present....lUthe Judges.

STORY,' J. delivered the opinion of the Court ai follows

This is a writ of right brought by the Demaudant against the tenants, to recover seizin of a large tract of land set f'orth in the count. At the trial in the Circuit
Court for Kentucky district, several questions arose upon which the Court were divided; and these questions are now certified for the opinion of tthis Court.

As to the first. questton, we are satisfied that the Cir-
cuit Court had jurisdiction of the cause. Taking the 11th and 20th sections of the judicial act of 1789, eh. 20, in connexion, it is clear that the jurisdiction attaches where the property demanded excees S 500 in value;
and if, upon thie trial, the Demandant recover less, he is not allowed his costs; but, at the discretion of the (Xiurt, may be adjudged'to pay costs.

As to the second question, we are of, opinion that, at. common law, a writ of right will not lie, except
against the tenant of the freehold demanded. If thereare several tenants claiming several parcels of land by
distinct ttlWes, they cannot lawfully be joined in onewrit; and if they are, they Inay plead in abatement of
the writ. If the Detuandant demands against any tenant more land than he holds, he may plead non-tenure
as to the parcel not holden,; and this plea, by the an-
cient common law. would have abated the whole writ. But the statute 25, Edw. 3, ch. 6,which may be con-
sidered as.a part of our common law, having been in force at the earration o' our ancestors, cured the defeet, and declared that the writ should abate only as to
the pareel whereof non-tenure was pleaded, and admitted or proved. In fact the act of .Virginia of 1792, ch. 125, which is in force in Kentucky, enacts substantially
the same provision as the statute of Edward.

FEIBRUARY TERM 18%.

us

But it is supposed, in argument, that the act of Ken- ouErm tacky, to amend proceedings in chancery and common V.
law, which provides that if the Plaintiff at law shall LITER prove part of his demand or claim set up in his declara- &o'rnEns. tion, he shall not be-non-suited, but shall have judgment for vvhat he proves, entitles the Demandant in this case, to join parties who iold in severalty by distinct titles.

To this doctrine (ie Court cinnot accede. At coMmon law, in many instances, if the party demanded in his writ more than h-e proved was his right, he lost his action by the falsity of his writ. It was to cure this ancient evil that the act of Kentucky was made. It enables
the party to recover, although be should prove only parlt of the claim in his declaration. But it'does not tend to enable him to join parties iri an action, who could not be joined at the common law. It could no more entitle a Demandant in a real action to recover ag-ainst several tenauts claiming by distinct and separate titles, than it could entitle a Plaintiff to maintain a joint action of as-
sumpsit, i%here the contracts were seyeral and independent. Infinite. inconvenience and mischief would result
from such a construction ; and we should not incline to
adopt it, unless it were unai'oidable.

As to the third question. It is clear, at the common law, that non-tenure, joint-tenure, sole-tenure and s~vi ral-tenure. were gopd pleas in abatement to a writ of right. But they could only be pleaded in abatement; for the tenant, by joining the mise, or ple'ading in bar,
admitted himself tenant of the freehold. Such pleading in bar -%as ftn admission that lie had a capacity to defend the suit; and he w as estopped, by his own act,
f'rom denying it. The act of Virginia of 1786, ch. 27, reforming the proceedings on writs of right, u as not intended to vary the rights or legal predicament of the parties. It did not, therefore, intend to change the nature and effect, of thie pleadings ; and, notwithstanding that act, the teInant sall still have the full benefitof the' ordinary pleas in abatement. It is, true that the act
provides that the tenant, at the trial, may. on the gener. al issue, give in evidence any matter which might have
been specially pleaded. But this provision is manifestly confined to-matters in bar. It would be absurd tb suppose that the legislature mant to give to a mere

SUPREME COURT U. S.

oRiian T'.
11TER
&OTHERS.

exception in abatement the full effect of a perfect bar on the merits; which would be the case if such an exception would authorize a verdict for the tenant on issue joined on the mere right. The time and manner of filing the pleadings must, of course, be left to the.
established practice and rules in the Circuit Court.

As to the fourth point, we are of opinion that, under the act of Virginiaof1786, the tenant may, at his election, plead any sperial matt.r in bar, in a writ of right, or give it in evidence on the mise joined. The act is not
deemed compulsive but cumulative.

The fifth question is that which has been deemed most important; and to this the counsel on each side have directed their efforts with great ability.

It is clear, by the whole amount of authority, that actual seizin, or seizin in deed, is, at the common law. necessary to maintain a writ of right. Nor is this peculiar
to actions on the inere right. It equally applies to writs of entry ; and the language of tie count, in both cases, is, that the Demandant, or his ancestor, was, within the
time of limitation, seized in his demesne as of fee, &c. taking the esplees, &c. It is highly probable that the foundation of this rule was laid in the earliest rudiments
of titles at the common law. It is well known that, in ancient times, no deed or charter was necessary to con-
yey a fee simple. The title, the full and perfect dominion, was conveyed by a mere livery of seizin in the
presence of the vicinage. It was the notoriety of this ceremony, performed in the presence of his peers, that gave the tenant his feudal investiture of the inheritance. Deeds and charters of feoffinent were of a later age ;
and were held not to convey the estate itself, but only tro evidence the nature.of the conveyance. The solemn
act of livery ofseizin was absolutely nFcessary to prod.1ce a perfect title, or as Fleta calls it, Juris et seishince conjunctio. But, whatever may be its origin, the
rule'as to the actual seizin has long since become an
inflexible doctrine of the common law.

It has boen argued, that the act of Virginia, of 1786, ch. 27, meant in this respect to change the doctrine of thid common law, because that act has given the form of

FEBRUARY TERM isiS.

245

the count in a writ of right, and omits any allegation of GRE . seizin and taking esplees, There is certainly some v. countenance. in the act for the argument. But, on ma- IlTER ture consideration, we are of opinion that it annot pre- &OT.HEIS. vail. The form ofjoinbig the. nise in a writ of right, is also given in the same act; and thiat form includes the same inquiry, viz : "6which hath the greater right," as the forms at common law. It would se em to follow
that the legislature did not mean to change the nature of the facts which werie to be inquired into, but 'only to
provide a more summary mole of proceeding. The clause in the same act allowing any special matter to be given in evidence on the rnise joined, may also be called in aid of this construction, That clause certainly shews
that it was not intended to relieve the Demandant from the effect of any exisfing ba' 5 and want of seizin was, at the common law, a fatal bar. The statute of limitations of Virginia, of 19th December, 179'2, ch. 77. which, as to this point, is a revival of the old statute, limits a
writ of right upon ancestral seizin, to 50 years, and upon the Demandant's own seizin, to 30 years next before the teste of the writ. It is therefore incumbent on the Demqndant to prove a seizin within the time'of
liniitatiom; otherwise he is without'remedy : and it so, it must he involved it the issue joined on the inere.right. We are therefore of opinion, that the act of 1786 (lid not mean to change the nature of the inquiry as to the titles of the parties, but merely to remedy some of the inconveniences in the'modes of proceeding.

If, then, an actual seizin orseizin in deed, le necessary to be proved, it becomes material to enquire what consti-
tutes such aseizin. It has been supposed, in argument, that an actual entry under title, and perception of esplees
were necessary to be proved in order to shew an actual seizin. But thisis far from,beingtrue, ,ena't the common
law. There are cases in whmich there is a constructive seizin in deed. which is sufficient for all the purposes of action in legal intendment. In Hargrae'snote, 3 Co. Litt. 2-4, a, it is said, that an entry is not always necessary to give a seizin in deed; for if the land be in lease
for years, curtesy may be without entry or even receipt of -ent. The same is the doctrine as to seizin in a cage of possessiofratris. So if a grantee or heir of several parcels of land in the same county enter into one par-

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GaEN
-c. LITER &OTHERS.

eel in the name of the whole, whiere there is no conflict-
ing possession, the law adjudges him in the actual seiz-
in of the whole. Litt. s. 417. 418.-In like "nainer, if a man ,have a title of entry into lands, but dare not enter for fear of bodily harm, and he approach as near the land as lie dare, and claim the land as his own, lIt hath presently, by such claim, a possession and se*zin
in the lands. as well as if lie had entered. in ded. Lilt. ·s.419. Arid living vxhhin the view of the land will, under
'ti cumstances, give the leof&ee a seizin in deed as effectually as an actualentry. ['here af'e, therefore, cases in which the law gives the party a constructive seizin in
deed. They are founded upon this plain reason, that either the claim is made sufficiently notorious by an actual enttry into part, of which the vicinage can take notice, -or the party has done all that,' under the circum.
stances of the case, le was bound to do. "Lex non cogit seu ad vana aut impossibilia. The same is the result
of conveyanees deriving their effect under the statute of uses ; for there, without actual entry or livery of seizin, the bargainee has a complete seiZin in deed. Com. Dig. uses, [B. 1.] '[.]-Cro. Eliz. 46.- Cruise Dig. 12.Shep. Touch. 223, Jc. Ilarg. Co. Litt. 271, note. And the
Kentucky act respbcting conveyinces, which is, in substance, like h statute of useg, gives to private, deeds the same legal effect.

It has, however, been supposed, in argument, that not only an actual seizin or complete investiture of the land,
but also a perception of the profits, or, as it is teclnically called, -a taking of the esplees, is absolutely necessary to support a writ of right. It cannot, however, be ad-, mitted that the taking of the esplees is a traverseable
averment in the count. It is but evidence of the seizin; and the seizin in deed once established, either by a pedis positia, or by construction of law, the taking of the esplees is a necessary inference of law. It', therefore, a
seizin be established, although the lands be leased for a term of years, and thereby the profits belong to the tenant, still the legal intendment is that the esplees follow the sizin. And so it would be although a mere
trespasser, without claiming title, should actually takethe profits doring the time of the seizin alleged and proved And, indeed, of certain real property, as a barren rock, a complete seizin may exist without the existence
of esplees.

FERRUARY TERX 1804.

2,7

The result of this reasoning is, that wherever there GRiN exists the union-of title and seizin in deed, either by ac- V. tual entry and livery of seizin,-or by intendmcnt of law. LITEX as by conveyances under the statute'of uses, or in the &OTEUs other instances Whikh have beeii before stated, there the esplecs are knit to the title, so as to enable the party to
maintain a writ of right. And it will be found extreme-
ly difficult to maintain that a ded, which, by the lex lo-
ci, conveys a perfect title to waste and vacant lands,
without further ceremony, will not ydt enMble the grantee to support that title by giving him the highest remedy applicable to it, withotut an actual entry.

Let us consider how far a perfect title to waste and vacant lands can be cofisidered as having passed by a patent under the land law of Virginia of 1779, ch. 13. It is argued that such, a pa!ent conveys only a right or title of entry, which, until consummated by actual possession, gives the patentee no itctnal inv-,stiture or seizin of the land: and it is likened to the case of a patent from the crown. Some countenance is lent by authority tothis position, so far as respects patents from the crown ; Wt a careful examination %ilAl be found by no means to establish its correctness. No livery of seizin is neces-
sary to perfect a title by letters patent. The grantee, in such case, takes by matter of record . and the law
deems the 'grant of record of equal notoriety with an ac-
tual tradition of the land in the view of the vicinage. The contrary is thei fact, as to teoffinents. The deed is inoperative without livery of seizin. This diff'rence alone would seem to carry a pretty sitrong implication that actual seizin passd by operation of law, on a pa-
tent from the crown ; for it is the nion of a riglit and seizin that constitutes a perfect title; anid wher, once th6i law has declared a title perfect, it must include every thing necessary to produce that effec t. Accordingly
we find it expressly held in Barwick'scase, 5 Co. 94, that letters patent under the great seal do amount to a livery in law. What is a livery in law, but such an act as in legal contemplation, aniounts to a delivery of seizin? If, for instance, a feoffinent include divers parcelN of
land in the same county, livery of seizin of bne parcel, in the name of the whole, is livery of all not in an adverse seizin. This, therefore, as to all tlie parcels
except that wherenfl'ivery is actually made, is but a liY-

2i8

SUPREME COURT U. S.

I.uEaN ery in law; and yet to all intents and purposes it is as -D. effectual as livery in deed. And it was upon tile footing LITER I of this doctrine that, in Barwick's case, the court held ,coTiltns. that the conveyance of a freehold by lettenrs patent to
commence infttitro, was void as much as if the conveyance had been by feoffment; because in neither case could there be, present livery of the future freehold estate. The livery must operate at the time when it is made. or not at all. It is not therefore admitted by this Court, that letters patent of the crown do not convey a perfect title, where there is no interfering possession.

But even admitting it were otherwise, still we think a
patent under the land law of Virginia: must be considered as a statute grant, which is to have all the legal effects attached to it, which the legislature intended. .It
cannot be doubted that the legislature were competent to give their patentees a pe-rfect title and po-s-ssion with-
out actual entry. Jave they so done? We think that it is
impobsible, looking to the language of their acts, or the state of the country, todou'bt that the whole legal estate and seizin of the commonwealth in the lands, passed to the patentee, upon the issuing of his patent, in as full an extent and beneficial a manner, (subject only to the
ights of the commonwealth,) as the commonwealth itself held them. At the tihno of the passin- of the act of 1779,
Kentucky was a wilderness. It was the haunt of savages and beasts of prey. Actual entry or possession was
impracticable; and, if practicable, it could answer no benefiial purpose. It could create no notoriety; it
could be evidence to no vicinage of a change of the pro-
perty. 'An entry therefore would have been a vain and useless and perilous act: and if there ever was a case
in which the maxim would apply that tle law does not oblige to vain or impossible things, we think it is such a onite as the present. There is no pretence thmtthe legislature have expressly made an entry a pre-requisite to
the completion of the title: Such a pre-requisite, if it exist at all, must arise from mere implication only, and under circumstances which would render it nugatory or absurd. We do not. therefore, feel at liberty to insert in the operation of the grant a limitation which the law has not of itself ihterposed.

I1EBRUARY TERM 1811.

Xnd this leads us to say, that even if, at cbmmon lav, GREEN an actual ,pedis positio, followed up by an actaal- percep ,'. tion of the profits, were unnccessaryv.to m-intan a whit LITER of right, which w e do nbt admit, the doctrine woul be &OTHERS
.inapplicable to the waste and vacant lands of 6or ciuittry. The common law itseif in manpy, cases dispenses with such a rule 3and the reason of the rule lts lf'cetises. when applied to a mere wil4ernf-ss. "'he object o.f the law in requiring actual seizin, was to evlncP notoriety of title to' the nlighborhood, and the coflsquent burthens of feudal duties. In the simplicity of ancient times there were n,) means of ascertaining titles but by the visible seizin ; and, indeed, there was no ,othermood.. be-tween subjects, of passing title, but livery of the lhCnd itelt by the sy mbolical delivery ,fturf and twig. , The moment that a tenant was thus seiz d, he had a perfect investiture; and, if ousted,' could maintain his action, in ile realty, although he had not been long .nough in possession even to touch the esplees. The very object of the rule, therefore,.was notoriety, to prevent frauds up-n the land and upon the other tenanso But in a mere ,uncultivated country, in wild and impenetrable woods, in the sullen and s)itary haunts of beasts of prey, what notoriety could an entry, a gathering of' a twig or an Acorn
convey to civilized maii at the distance of hundreds of
miles ? The reason of the rule could not apply to such a state of things ; &.ndcessante ratione, cessat ipsa lex.%We are entirely satisfied that h conveyance of wild or vacant lands gives a constructive seizin thereof,' in deed, to the grantee, it attaches to him all the legal remedies incident to the estate. dtfortiori, this principle 'applies to a patent; since, at the common law, it imports a liv-
cry in law, Upon any other constrution, infinite mischiefs would result. Titles by descen( and'devise, and purchase, where the parties from whom the title was de-
rived was never in actual seizin, would, upon principles.
of the connion law, be utterly lost.

As to the 'sixth question. We,are of opinion that in

Kentucky,,a patent is the completion of the legal titlo of

the parties; and it is the legal title only that can come

in controversy in a writ of right. The previous stages

of title are merely equitble, which a Court of chancery

may inforce, but a Court of common law will not enter-

fain. In this opinion, we"adopt the principles which 0hi

VOL. VIII.

S2

250

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GRiEEN
T1. .ITplI

Courts of Kentucky have been understood uniformly to,
sanction. And this opinion is also an answer to the seventhi question.

&0THEIIS.
As to the eighth question. We are of opinion that a
better subsisting adverse titl6 in a third person, is no defence ina writ of right. That writ'brings into controversy only the mere rights of the parties to the suit.

As to the ninth question. We have already expressed our opinion that tenants claiming different parcels of land by distinct titles cannot be johicd in arwrit of fight. I,however, they omit to plead in.abatement and join the mise, .it is an admission that they are joint tenant of the whole ; and.the verdict, if for theDemandant forany pa'cel of the land, may be general, that he hath more mere right to hold the same than the tenants ; and if of any parcel for the tenants, that they have more mere right to hold the same fhan, the Deihand ant.
As to the tenth question. The general rule isy that if a man enter into lands, having title, his seizin is not bfounded by his a~tual occupancy, but is held to ,be cb, extensive with his title. But if a.man enter without tile, his seizin is conined to his possessi6n by metes and
bounds. In the case put by the Court below, the first patentee had the'better legal title ; and his sizin presently, by virtue of his patent, gave him the best mere right to the whole land, upon the principles which we have already stated. .2fortiori, he must have the- best mere right to the land-not included in the actual close of the second patentee. For, by construction of law, he has the eldest seizin as well as the ejldest patent.
As to the eleventh ipoint. We are of opinion, that if a man haiing title to land efter into a part in the name of the whole, lie is, apon c.mfnon lawprinciplesadjudgedin seizinof the whole, notwithstanding an adverse seizin thereof. but iftlre4and 6ie in seizin of several'tenants claiming different parcels thereofin severalty, an entry into the parcel held, by om,tenant will uot give seizin to the parcels held by the other tenants but there-must be. an entry int each. C'o. Litt. 212, b. By parity 0treason, an entry into a parcel which is vacant. will not give seizin of a pareel which is in an adverse seizin. But an entry into the 'last parcel, in thetame of the whole, will enure as an c-

FEBRUARY TERM i8i.

try into the vacant parcel. It does notappear, in tie ques- GRzx tion put by the Court below, into which parcel the entry v.

is 8upposed to he made.

LITER

&OTHRS,

Such are the unanimous opinions of this Court, which

are to be certified to the Circuit Court of Kentucky.

CARTER'S HEIRS CUTTING AND WIFE.

Absent... VAS -TNGTON, J.

THIS was, an appeal from the Circuit C3u1rt for An appeal lies

the district of Columbia.

toin thiie se-
tence of the

E. I. Lan, for the .O81pynInts.

ofcuthiee dCisotrrictt

TAYLOR, for ie .4ppedles.

of Columbig
s1enten,ceofthe-
Orphan's

March ii h....SToRY, J. delivered the opinion of the Courtof Alex.

Court as follows:

c it, ed a -petition

Tie Appellants, who are heirs at law of Sally Carter tpororbeavte vit"h'e& deceased, petitioned the Orphan's, Court of tle county ,rta. of Alexandria to revoke and repeal the lrobate of a wxill of the said Sally Carter procured by the respon-
dents, upon the ground that the said will was admitted
to probate without notice to the Appellants, and that the supposed testat-ix was an inhabitant of and resident in Virginia at the time of her death, and left no assets real or personal or debts in the county of Alexandria. The Orphan's Court, without issuing a summons to the respondents, dismissed the petition, and.upon an-appeal this dismissal was confirmed by the Circuit Court ofthe district of Columbia.

Two objections have been taken to the sustaining of the appeal to this Court-i. That by the act of congres of '2714 February, !801, ch. 86, s. 12, (Vol. 5, P.
272) it is enacted that on appeals from the Orphan's

SUPREM COURT IT. STATES.

GRIFFITH v.FRAZIER.

18t4,
Feb. Term

Present....A the Judges.

Feb. 9th

ERROR to the Circuit Court, for the Soudli Caro- S ]on. -s a

lina district,

qualified ex-

This was an action of trespass quare dlun

equtor is ca-
fregit, pcising othtbeelxeearua--

73rought by the Plaintiff in the Circuit Court (who was thority vith also Plaintiff in error,) to recover a tract of land lying in e, he has
been invested
the district of South Carolina. and in the possession of.the bh ±he' testa-

Defendant, to which the Plaintiff asserted a title derived tor, that an-

thority cannot

From a certain Joseph Salvadore.

be conferred,

either with or

Both parties admitted that Salvadore waslegally seized WiIhout lamita.
tie by the
of an estate, in fee, in the land in dispute. It appeared Court of ordi-

further, that Salvadore had executed several bonds in noathrey,r opnersaonny.

favor of a certain Daniel Bordeaux ; that Bordeaux And if ,uing

brought

an action

against

Salvadore

on these

bonds,,

aInd

such capability
of the

execu-

obtaineil thereon d judIgment by default, which was en- toe, the ordi.

tered up and signed on the 80th of August, 1786 ; that nalY grant adn,, further stepJsa w*, e-r,e- tta¢k-~eong inthe cati*s,e,9 untilL the'2d meit1hr eiiritaiboon~l,ute* of January, 1787, when an execution issued thereon, or temporary anrl w as lodged in the sheriff's office on the osatme ·day; tpoersao"no,thetrhat

that Salvadore departed this life on the 029th of Decen- erat is at"o

ber, immediatel" preceding. Salvadore left a will and lutety void. two or three codicils,· by which he ap-p-o--inted his three Ibefarejnudedrgemdena-t

daughters, a certain William Stevens, and a certain gainst one as Josehl Dacosta, his executors. All these persons were executor who absent, out of th' state, excepting Dacosta, who proved toe, it do e

the will and codicils. and regularly qualified as execu- bind the estate
Ofthe testitor,
tor thereto, on the 5th of Jani'ary, 1787: he continued ad an e-e-

to reside in the city of Charleston, South Carolina, un.. cuon upon til some time in the year 1789, when he went to Savan- ic.h a judg.
vient Cnud
nab, in the state of Georgia, where he continued t re- nt leepql v.

VOn. VIIi.

12

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GRIFFITI1 side untirNovemh.-r, 1790. On the second day of Ocv. tober, 1790, ont. James Lamotte requested and obtained

FRA~ziER. from the ordinary of Charleston. a citation, in behalf - _- of the principal creditor of Salvadore, who was Bour-
levied upon deaux, to shew cauise, why letters of administration with By,u-cthheetalatww oo the will annexed, should not be granted to him. On the

South Caroli. return of the citation. no cause being shewn to the conna, administra- trary, the ordinary did, on the 8th of October, 1790, tion durante absentia testa- grant"general, letters of administr.ition with the will an-
oe sg,racatendnoat-t'nexed, on the estate o.f. Salvadore, to Lamotte. A certe giunte otficate was also obtained from the ordinary, by which

the willand- it appeared that it was the custom of the ordinary Court etnteirasryteta- to grant letters of administration dmtrante absentia of the

granted,

executor. Bourdeaux, on the 97th January, 1791, oh-

The acts of a tained a rule f'om the Court of common plea , against

tribunal, pon ,
a subject not Latmotte, as administrator of Salvadore, to shew cause within itsjuvis- within thirty day§, why the judgment obtained against dictio., ae Salvadore, as aforesaid, should not be revived, and an

13Ythu law of execution issue thereon. This rule was made absolute South Caroli- on the 15th of March. 1791, 11subject to future argu-

na, the SOday

rule is substi- ment." On the A6th of April following (no further ar-

tuted for a sci- .,letorpoedn:hve to a - mnent or proceedin

havin. ; been had on the said rule,

re facis

judgoment in and no Court intervening in the mean time,) an execution

those caseson- issued, on said judgment, against Lamotte, administra-

lywhere lei rtor, &c. was lodged in the sherifl's office, and, levied

Nents th-e upon the laud in ,question. by tbe Sheriff, on the 11th of

I'laintiff from May, 1791. The land was sold at public outcry to the

.aiing out exe-

ctt0oa,

highest bidd-,r, on the 6th of Ju1, 1791, and by a deed

of the same date, was conveyed by the Sheriff to'Peter

Freniau, the purchaser.. On the 16th of July, 1796, a

decree was rendered in the suit, Pierce Butler v. Danid

Bourdeaux and Peter Firrneau, directing the said Peter

to convey to such person as Pierec Butler should ap-

point. In pursuance of this decree, Peter Freneau con-

veyed to Samuel Jackson, under whom Griffith, the

I'lainfiffin this case, claims by regular conveyances.

Frazier, the Defendant, represents the heirs- of Salva-

'dore.

On the motion of the Defendant, the Circuit Courtinstructed the jury, that the letters of administrationgranted to Jlames Lamotte, were totally void ; that therefore
the judgment of Bourdeaux was not revived against the estate of Salvadlre ; that the sale and conveyance by the sheriff passed no title to the purchaser; and that

FEBRUARY TERM isi.
the evidence was not sufficient to maintain the Plain- dRIFFITH tiff's action. The jury found a verdict for the Defen- T. dant, and judgmcnt was rendered in his favor. The FRAZIR. Plaintiff excepted to the opinion of the Court, and sued out a %rit o error to the judgment.
HARPER, for the Plaintiff'i error, after stating the facts of the case, contended,
Ist. That the letters of administration, being durant' absenfia of the executor. were lavxfully and properly granted by the ordinary to James Lamotte.
2d. That the question whether the granting of these letters Axere legal or not, NNas a question proper for the decision of the Court of ordinary ; and that the judgment of that tribunal aas conclusive until reversed on appeal to the state Court having competent jurisdiction: that, c(ms(queutly, the sale, in the present case, was valid, and the Plaintiff's title good.
JoNEs, contra.
1. The grant of administration duranteabsentiawas ahsolutely void : which br,.ig the uase, if is clear that the subsequent sale of the property in question by the sheriff wab illegal and invalid.
Dacosta, the executor, had duly qualified; and the circumstance of his having absented himself from the' state of South Carolina, for the space of twelve months is a matter of no inip.rtafice, unless at the same time. lie was incapable of performing his diuty as executor. But this does not appear to have been the fact. - The ordinary therefore had no right to grant letters of ad, ministrationto Lamnotte.
As to the certificate, said to have been given by the ordinary, stating that it was the custon of the ordinary Court to grant administration duranteabsentia of an executor, it would be shown, on fife part of the Defendant, that in every case which could b. produced in support of that custom, the executor had Rot qualified.
The jurisdiction of the ordinary relative to the ap,

SUPREME COURT U. S.
aairricrn pointment of an administrator, is determined by the 10. act of the testator in appointing.an executor. - The ad-
FRAZIER. ministrator derives all his rights from the Court of ordinary, and nothing from the will. 1, Cor. Dig. 340. 1, Salk. 302. Tokr ex'r. 76, 98. 2, Bac. .8br. 381, 386, 40L. 2, Plowd. 271.
The grant of letters of administration has, in some cases, been decided to be void, even after the refusal of the executor to take upon himself the execution of the will. 2, Bar, .br. 386-T-Went. 145.
The oi'dinary in granting administration, is a ministerial, not a judicial officer. Toler, 50, 66. Jac. Lazw, Dict. tit. executor. 12, Mod. 437.
In the case under consideration, the executor had proved the will; and it did not appear to the ordinary that there were any goods and chattels unadministered. If this were the fact, the ovdinary had no jurisdiction in the case, 2, Bar. dbr. '385. Groiffth's collection of South Carolinalaws, p. 35, 492. Ob, r's administrator1V. ---- , Of. S. report of a case decided in South Carolina.
By the statute of 38, Gen. 3, c. 87, to remedy the defect of the law in not giving to the ordinary the p')wer of appointing anti adfininistrator durante absentia of an executor who had proved the will, it was evident that. previous to that statute, the ordinary possessed no such power. That statute was so explained in tihe case 'of Taynton -v. Hannay, 3, Bos. and Pid. -26. Toler, 101.
When the executor had taken upon himself the trust of executing the will, the goods were out of the jurisdiction of the ordinary. Went. 39. 1,, Burn's eccl. law.
If the jurisdiction of the ordinary ceased upon the qualification of the executor, all his subsequent acts in relation to the business were void-3, . R. 130. Tol/er 128. Th. Supreme Court of the United States has decided this principle in cases analogous to the present- -4, Cranch, 244, Rose v. Ffimely. 3, Cranch, S31, Wise v. Withers. "Wherea Court has no jurisdiction in regard to a particular subject, trespass will ie against a sheriff for execut. ing it8 orders relative thereto.

FEBRUARY TERM 1ii1

is

2. Admitting the administtation granted to Lamotte to have been rightfiA, yet the execution against him,
uhder wich the land in question was sold, was absoluiely void; because the thirty day rule, under which the Plaintiff attempted to revive the judgment in this case, was admissible only where the judgment had ex-
pired by lapse of time merely ; but was not competent to revive a suit or ajudgment against the representa-
tive of a dead party, which could dnly be done by seire facias, and no scirefacias having issued in this case to
make Lamotte a party,, the execution against him was absolutely void for want of a judgment whereon'to ground it-Griffith's collection of S. Carolinalaws, 166, , sec. 7.

GRIFFITH
V.
FRAZIER.

PINKNYu, Adttorney General, same side.

The principal if not the only point in controversy is, -Whether the Court of ordinary had jurisdiction ?n the
cage now under consideration.

The ordinary in receiving probate of a will, acts ministerially; and when the will is proN'ed, lie is funchts
officio. The authority of the executor is derived fiom the will. The only power of the ordinary is to ascertain the existence of the will.

If administration be granted upon the "supposition
that no Will exists, and a -will afterwards appear, all the proceedings dnder the administration are void-the administration is a mere nullity-Toler, 120, 12t.

If there be a will, administration cannot be granted until the executor has refused or nezlected to appear on
shimmons-Toler, 93.

If administration be granted durante ab~entiaof the
executor, it becomes void upon the return of the executor and probate of the will. After. Irobate the ordinary has no further jurisdiction.

The reason of the thing is obvious. The will vests the testator's property in the executor. He has a right after probate, to appoint an attorney. But according to the, doctrine contended for by the Plaintiff, the ordinary

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GRIFFITH may also appoint an attorney in the place of the execu-

v. tor. This would be a manifest inronsist,-ncy. The ex-

MRZIER, ecutor, after accepting the trust, is bound to administer,

---

and is liable for the goods entrusted to him. See ,MS.

report of the case of Ford v. Travis, in the Court of ap-

peals of South Carolina, in which the Court decided

unanimously that after probate of a will, the grant of

administration is void although the executor is absent.

HARPER, il reply.

If this case is against the Plaintiff in error, it is a case of sheer law against justice. The Plaintiff in error is a fair, bonafide purchaser, without'notice, rinder the sanction of the decrees of thc Courts of the state where the land lies.

The principle contended for by the Defendant, is only true as to the gpneral disposition of the estate. It does not apply to the temporary interference of the or-
dinary in particular cases, the peculiar circumstances of ulich renler such interference necessary ; such as cases of administration durante minori oetate, ad colligenda bona, S-c.

In the case of Ford v. Travis, cited by the counsel on the opposite side, the ordinary had granted unlimited administration for all purposes and forever; but in the case now beibre the Court, the grant of administration is special and temporary, as appears by the recital in the letters themselves.
The grant of these letters was nothing more than the
appointmei-nt of a curator. In England, the ordinary has a general power to issue letters of ad-ninitration durante absentia. The statutes of Edw. 3 and ff. 8, it is true, did not give a direct authority to grant administration in any case where there was an executor; but a practice grew out of the equity of those statutes, to grant temporary administration during the inability of the executor to acts as pendente bte, minorl retate, executor insane, &c. 1 P. Williams, 676, Walker -v. Wollaston.

The general power of the ordinary to grant adminis-

FEBRUARY TERM 1814-.

tration ceases on the probate of a will in which an executor is named ; but not his power over the estate for special, temporary purposes. The case in P. Williams,
just cited, in which case probate had been granted, states the reasons for this temporary interference. The reason for granting administration durante absentia is the
same as for granting it durante minori cetate. The degrec of the necessity makes no difference.: it is sufficient
that there is a necessity. It is said that the executor may appoint an attorney. True; but suppose he does not-suppose that, without so doing, he abandons th3 estate, and leaves the country. Would not this be a case for the interference of the ordinary in the tempo-
rary appointment of an administrator? The only inference that can be drawn from the statute of Geo. 3, c. 87, which has been cited on the other side, is, that the power of the ordinary to grant administration in
such cases Nas doubted; not that it did not exist: and so is the case in 3 Bos. and Pul. 26, to be understood,
The statute of Get). 3 is only declaratory of the com-
mon law; it does not enact a new law.

GRIEFITH
V.
FRAZXT-R.

Such. then, is the doctrine in Englandon this subject. In South Carolina it is the same.

Until the year 1712, there is no trace of the existence of ordinaries in South Carolina. In that year an act was passed declaring the statutes of 13 Edw. 1, c.
and 31AE, d. 3. c. t1, to be in force in that colony, and enacting that the powers mentioned in those acts as belongin. to the ordinary in England, shall be exercised by the same kind of officer in South Carolina.

The act of 17-11, directing the manner of returning inventories, speaks of ordinaries as then existing.

The act of 1789, directiug the manner of granting probate and administration, gives that power to the county Courts in those counties where such Courts were established, and, in the other counties, leaves it to the ordinaries.

The statute of H. 8 is not in force in South Carolin? The common law is.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

rnitraH
10.

The doctrine, therefore, relative to 'the subject undei consideration is the same in South Carolina as in Eng-

VAZIR. land; and the power of the ordinary is the same.

That ithhas been the practice of the ordinary Court to grant administration durante absentia, the Defendant
does not deny, but urges that it has never, until the present case, been granted after probate by the executor.
Perhaps not; but the reason is that no such case has before occurred. If it had, there is no doubt tiiat the
ordinary Court would have granted administration as it has now done. The Courts of the same description in England would have done the same. If they had not, the legislature would have interfered.

2. The judgment of the ordinary is conclusive that lie acted judicially, and upon a subject properly cognizable by his Court. Therefore, even admitting that
he erred in granting the letters of administration to Lamotte, yet Lamotte was administrator defacto, and his acts bound the estate of Salvadore, until those letters should be revoked.

That the subject was one properly cognizable by the ordinary, cannot be denied. He had jurisdiction, under
the equity of the statutes -already cited, to grant temporary administration. M1had jurisdiction to ascertain whether or not there was a will of personal property ; and no prohibition would lie to his proceedings. In a
cntest between two persons of the same name, both claiming to he executor, he might decide which of the
two was entitled to adminisier the estate. He was competent to pot such a construction upon the statutes as li might think correct, and to ascertain his powers growing out of the equity of those statutes. His judg-
nient, therefore, in the present cas?, unless reversed on appeal to the Court of common pleas of South Carolina, was conclusive in every other Court where it might
come incidentally in question. Yet this Court is now called up n not only to declare tue judgment of the ordinary void, and to reverse the same, but to reverse, also, that of the. appellate Court by which his judgment
has been confirmed.

. The judgment on which the execution in this case

FEBRUARY TERM 18M.

issued, was properly revived by a Court of competent GRrMT'Xi

jurisdiction, and its judgment can he questioned 6nly -v.

in an appellate Court.

FRAZIER.

The judgment was revived by a thirty day rule. That rule was, in fact, a scire facias. The proceeding was conformable to the usual practice in South Carolina.
The Court of common pleas of that state adjudged the execution to be awarded upon this revival.' Can this Court, under such circumtances, reverse that judg-
ment? Suppose the judgment of the Court of common pleas had been founded on a scire facias, and that scire facias had been informal. Could this Court, in such a
case, reverse the judgment ? We contend that it could
not in either case. The Courl that ordered the execution to lie awarded had jurisdiction so to do; ant its decision is final.

The 9th section of the law of South Carolina, respecting the thirty day rule to revive judgments. &c.
gives express authority to the Courts of that stafe to issue execution without a scirefacias. But it is objet-
ed that this act is applicable only to cases -of laljse of time, not to cases of the death of the party. But this
is matter of construction on which those Courts were
competent to decide.

The doctrine in the case of Ford -L Travis, so much relied upon by tie Defendant's counsel, is only that an unconditional, unlimited, administration, where the executor has previously obtained probate of the will, is void ; not that a temporary administration would 'iave
been so in a like case.

i. Admitting the execution to have been improperly issued, still the sale of the property under that execution was valid.

All acts under a judgment obtained by fraud are valid : afortiori, if the judgment be founded on a mistake either of law or fact. 3 Cranch, 306, Simms and Wise
V. SUM.

It is laid down in 2 Rae. ,br. 270, Tit. Exiutions

that 41 if upon his judgment the Plaintiff takes out a

VOL. VIII.

.3

SUPREME COURT U. S.

PRIFPTH eri facias, and thereupon the sheriff sells a term for

v. years tb a stranger, and the judgiihcnt is afterwards re-

FRAzIER. versed, the Defendant shall only be restored to the mo-

-.--

ney for which the term was sold, and not to tile term

itself; for by the writ the sheriff had authority to sell ;

anl if the sale may be avoided afterwards, few would be willing to purchase under executions, which would

render writs of execution of no effect." The following

authorities go to establish the same point. Roll. ,6b. 778.

Cro. Eliz. 278. Cro. Jac. 246. 8 Rep. 96. Mlatthe'w Van ling's case. id. 1-2. Dr. Drury's case. 1 Wils.

302, Earlv. Bro-wt. It is true that thcse cases all re-

late to sales of personal prperty ; but there is no dif-

ftrence as it respects the sle of lands under a fieri

facias, or what was equivalent thereto, as in the present

case. These lands wReerpeorstosl.d as personal effects. I Haywood's X. Carolina

PINHNEY, contra, contended,

1. That the case in 3 Bos. anud Pul. did not state thai
the statute of Geo. 3'was founded on a doubt, but upon a clear defect of jurisdiction. That no case could be
lbLnd to sanction the grant of administration qfter probate ina case like the present. That the case of Ford -r. Ti'avis was decisive that no such administration was valid in South Carolina.

2. That the judgment of the ordinary was not conelu. sive that he had'no jurisdiction in a case like that rider consderation. That the Court of appeals of South Carolina was of this opinion, and had therefIore deuared tile judgment of the ordin-ary void. 2 Ba. 4r. XT6.
S.That itc judgment on the rule to show cause was
not conclusive; and this, besides the other reasons which have been already mentioned, because it was against a person not a representative of the testator.

1. That this was not the case of a sale to a third persol,, as in the authority cited from Bacon, and the other cass to the same point; but that the Plaintiff ciahned
under Bturdeax, as a purchaser.

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.

19

That the statute of South Carolinaa, respecting the GRIFFITE

thirty day rule, was only applicable to cases of lapse of T.

time, not to cases of the death of the party

FRAZIER.

That as to the case in I Wils. 302, cited by the Plaintiff s counsel, it did not appear that the Court decided oii the validity of the sale, nor that any person Nishud to disturb it.

JoNEs, on the same side.

As to the law respecting a void judgment, cited Vin. .1b. Tit. Error-alsoComn. Dig. and Bac. A b. same title.

Tuesday, February 15th. Absent.... WASHINGTON, J.

MARSHALl, C. J. delivered the opinion of the, Couri as followvs:

The Plaintiff in error, who was also Plaintiff in the Circuit Court, brought a writ of trespass quare clausum fregit, in order to try his title to certain lands, lying in the district of South Carolina, which, were in posses-
sion of the Defendant.

The title of the Plaintiff, which constituted the sole
question in the cause, appeared, on the trial, to be as tullows:

Joseph Salvadore, being seized of the lands in which the trespass is alleged to have been committed, departed this life some time in the year 1786, having first made his last will in Niriting, in which le named several executors, one of whom, Joseph Dacosta, made probate
of the will, and took upon himself the burthen of executin.g the same; after which, in the year 1789, he left
the state of South Carolina, and resided in Geor.gia. In the year 1790. letters of administration on the goods of Salvadore, unadministered by Dacosta his qualified executor, were grauted to James Lamotte.

In August, 1786. a judgment was obtained by Daniel
Bourdeaux against Salvadore. In January, 1791, a thirty day rule, which, by an act of the state of South Carolina, was, in certain eases, substituted in the place

SUPREME COURT. U S.
GRIFFITH of a scire facias, was issued to revive this judgment IV. against Lamotte as administrator of Salvadore. This
FRAZIER. r!d]e bring s-rved and returned, the following indorsement was made on it: - 15th March, 1791, made absolute subject to a future argument."
,, Fi. fa. 16th April, 1791."
An excution issu 'd on th;s judgment, under which the land was sohl, and -%as conve'yed by the sheriff to Petl'r Freneau by a deed dated the 6th day of June, 1791. On the 16th of July. 1796, a decree was rendered in the suit, Perce Butler -v. Daniel Bourdeaux awl Peter Freneau, directing the said Peter to convey to suelh person as Pierc. Bt tier should appoint. In pursuance of this decree, P-ter Freneau conveyed to Samuel Jackson, under whom the Plaintiff claims by regular conveyances.
On the motion of the Defendant, the Circuit Court instructed the jury that the Jett rs of administration granted to James Lamotte were totally void; that therefore the'judgment of Bourd(aux Nias not reviv-d against the estate ,f Salvadore; that the sale and conveyance by the sheriff passed no title to the purchaser; and that the evidence was not suflicicnt to maintain the Plaintiff's action. The jury found a ve.rdict for the Defendant, and judgm nt was rendered in his favor. The Plaintiff excepted to the opinion of th- Court, and has sued out a writ of error to the jtidgnent.
The sole defect alleged in'the title of the Plaintiff beinq in that part of it which depends on the sale and conveyance of the sher'iff to Petes Freneau, the validity of that sale is the principal if not the only question in the cause. In support of it the Plaintiff contends,
1st. That the letters of administration, being durante absentia of the executor, were properly granted to James Lamotte.
W(. If the ordinary erred in granting these letters, still Lamotte was administrator de facto; nd his acts bound t e estate of Salvadore until those letters should be revoked.

FEBRUARY TERM i8m.
3d, That the judgment on which the execution issued GRImmTi Was prop rly revived by a Court of competent jurisdic- v. tion, and its judgment can be questioned only in an ap- MAzEn. pellate Court.
The negative of these propositions is maintained by the Defendant in error.
That the appointment of an executor, and his acceptance of the office, constitute a complele legal 6wner of the personal estate of the deceased is admitted; but it is contended that these acts suspend without annihilatiug the pouer of the ordinary. So long as the executor is capable of exercising the authority with which he has been invested by the testator, it can be conferr-d on no othr person; but when he becomes incapable, from any cause whatever, as by insanity or death, the powfer of appointing some p rson. who shal secure the estate from ruin, necessarily reverts to that tribun.1 which the law appoints for the general purpose of prwidiug- for the manage-nent of the property of dead persons. All cases of temporary administration, as during the minority of an executor, or during his absence pwevious to the probate of the will, are considered as exercises of the same power, thotigh in a' less degree, and as proving that the ordinary may, after the executor has qualified, if he shall abspnt himself so as, in the opinion of the ordinary, to disqualify him from performbig his duty. appoint an administrator de bonis nwn with the *,ill annexed, whose power shall continue until the return of the executor.
The Court does not concur in 'this reasonin.g. In the cases stated at bar, and in all cases \vhere teniporary administration has been granted, unless under a special act of the legislature, the executor was. for the time, absolutely incapable of performing his duty. There existed an actual legal disability to perform the functions of his office. Until probate of the will, and until letters testamentary are obtained, "the execitor cannot obtain any judgment; because it cannot appir-a that he is executor.
There is, therefore, an absolute.necessity fo'r appointing some person who, until probate, sMll take care of

SUPREME COURT U. S.
GRIF ITH the estate. But this is not the case with an executor ,. weho, after taking out letters testamentary, absents him-
FRAziER. self frorq the state. He is still capable of performing, and lie is still bound to perform, all the dutie of an executor. Thef'e exists no legal disability in the executor. and, consequently, there is no necessity for transferring to another those powers which the testator has conferred on a person selected by himself.
This power does not appear ever to have been exercised by the ordinary in England anterior to the statute of 38, George 3d ; an(d in South Carolina, the ordinary possesses no 1power which was not possessed by the ordinary in Englaild previous to that statute. The practice of the particular ordinary wha acted in this case, would iot be sufficient to constitute the law, had it even never received judicial reprobation; but the case of Fordv. Travis puts an end to any doubt on this point.
The second point is one of more doubt -.nd greater intricacy. That the ordinary erred in granting letters of administration to Lamotte, is thought very apparent; but the effect of these letters is less obvious. By the Plaintiff it is contended, that they constituted Lamotte an a'dministrator defacto, rendered his acts valid, so far as third persons are interested, and exempted th m from question where they can be examined only incidentally. By the Defendant it is contended, that they were granted by a person having no jurisdiction in the case, and are therefore an absolute nullity; That Lamotte was not. de facto, the administrator of Salvadore, and that his acts, as administrator, stand on no better or higher ground than the acts of any other perwon who should assume that character.
The well known distinction between an erroneous act or judgment by a tribunal having cognizance of the subjcct matter, and the act or judgment of a tribunal having no cognizance of the subject, is not denied; but it is contended that the ordinary had jurisdiction in this case. The ordinary, in South Carolina, is the Court in which wills are proved; in which letters testamentary. and letters of administration are granted. He
judges whether the applicant be entitled to administration or not, and rejects or admits the claim, according

FEBRUARY TERM isi.
to his opinion of the law. Whether his judgment be GRIMPITU correct or not, still it is his jedgment; and when exer- V. cised upon an Application for administration, it is exer- FRAZIER. cised on a subject cognizable in his Court.
.That he grants letters of administration in cases not expressly authorized by statute, and in which a will exists in which an executor is named, proves that he has jurisdiction in such cases; and if he grants administration in one of them improperly, the judgment is erroneous and voidable, but not void.
This argument has been very strongly urged, and there is great force in it. The difficulty bf distinguishing those caseq of administration in which a Court having general testamentary jurisdiction, may be said to have aeted on a subject not within its cognizance, is perceived and felt. But the difficulty of marking the precise line of distinction does not prove that no such line-exists.
To give the qrdinaryjurisaiction, a case, in which, by law, letters of administration may issue, must be brought before him. In thecommon case of intestacy, it is clear that letters of administration must he granted to some person by the ordinary; and thctgh they should be granted to one not entitled by law, still the act is binding until annulled by the competent authority; because he had power to grant letters of administration in the case. But suppose administration to be granted on the estate of a person not really dead. The"act, all will admit, is totally void. Yet the ordinary' must always enquire and decide whether the person whose estate is tt be committed to the care -f others, be dead or 'n life. It is a branch of every cause in which letters of administration issue. Yet the -decision of the ordinary that the person on whose estate he acts is dead, if tile fact be otherwise, does not invest the person he may appoint, with the character or powers of an administrator. The case, in truth, was not one within his jurisdiction. It was not one in which he ha'd a right to deliberate. It was not committed to him by the law. And although one of the points occurs in all cases proper for his tribunal, yet that point cannot bring the subject within his jurisdiction.

AUPREME COURT U. S.

GRInFPT, .6
FRAZIER.

The case of letters of administration granted on the estate of a person in full life, is not the only one which
may serve for illustration ; suppose administration tW
be granted on the estate of a deceased person whose executor is present, in the constant performance of his executorial duties. Is such an appointment void, or is it only voidableZ

In the opinion of the Court it would be'an absolute nullity.

The appointment of an executor vests the whole personal estate in the person so allpointed. He holds as trustee for the purposes of the will, but he holds the legal title in all the chattels of the testator. He is, for the purpose of administering them, as much the legal pro-
prietor of those chattels as was the testator himself while alive. This is incompatible with, any power in the ordinary to transfer these rhattels to any other per. son8by the grant ofadministration on them. 'His grant
can'pass nothing: it conveys no right; and is a void act.

If the ordinary possesses no power to grant administration where an executor is present performing his duty, what difference can his absence make, provided that.absence does not diaqualify him from executing his trust? If all his powers as an executor remain, if he is still, capable of appearing in Courts of ju tice as the
representative of the deceased, if he is still the legal
owner of the chattels of the deceas.ed, and still capable of disposing of them, it would seem that he is pot- ntial,
ly present though personally absent. It is not easy to perceive any principle on wlich the ordinary can assert his power to take the estate out of the executor and
vest it in an administrator. If he cannt do this, then the attempt to do it must bea void act. If the adminis.
trator dtrante absentiabe only the agent of the executdr, it still occurs that the executor can himself appoint,
and is the proper person to appoint, his own agent.
There is no necessity for the intrusiofi of the ordinary.

Let the case be supposed of a suit by the executor
while actually resident abroad. Would he be incap, ble of sustaining the action? Would his absence be a good

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
plea in bar? If It would not, how can the grant of let- GniFFITH ters of administration to another take the property in T. the thing sued for out of the executor and place it in RAzzE. that other?
Letters testamentary, when once granted, are not revocable by the ordinary. He cannot annul them, or transfer the legal interest of the executor to any other person. His rights and his duties are beyond the reach of the ordinary. How, then, can this be effected by the grant of .letters of administration?
The cases in which administration has been granted notwithstanding the existence of a will, appear- to be cases in which it is not apparent that there is any person possessing right in the chattels ofthe testator, or cases in which that person is legally disqualified from acting.
Where administration is granted pending a dispute respecting a will, it is not certain that there is an executor, or that there is a will.
If it be granted during the minority of an executor, it is because the executor is Igally disqualified from acting, and indeed has not taken upon himself, and could nut take upon himself the trust reposed in him. He may, when of age, reject all the rightg and powers conferred by the will; and, consequently, the interest is not yet a vested interest. The rights and powers of the ordinary remain until those of the executor conmence.
So in the case of an absent executor who has not yet made probat of the will and qualified. Those letters testamentary which are indispensable to his character as executor, and which, ' during their existence, leave the ordinary' without any furt:.er power over the subject, are not yet granted. The exrcutor has as yet no evidence that he is executor. He is not yet able t ,, .act as one. He may never be able to act; for lie may ne4er take out letters testamentary. He may renounce the executorship. The ordinary, then, is not .yet deprived of that power which he possesses to appoint a person to represent a dead man who has no representative. His
VOL, VII,

SUPREME COURT U. S.

GRIFFIT1
-.
FRAZIER.

jurisdiction over the subject remains untlihe parts with it by issuing letters testamentary.
The difl'erence between granting administration in cases where there is a qualified executor, capable, in law, of acting; and where he has not qualified, is such as, in reason, to justify the opinion that though, in the latter case, the ordinary may have jurisdiction, and hiki act, though erroneous, may be valid till repealed, yet. in the former case he can have no jurisdiction, and his act is in itself an absolute nullity.

If, under any circumstances, the ordinary could grant,
administration during the absence of an executor whop
has made probat of the will and is legally competent to act, then he would havejurisdiction of the subject, and wouldJudge of those circumstances; but if, in no possible state of things, he could grant suqh administration, it would be difficult to conceive how he can have jurisdiction.

If we refer to authority, we can find no case and no dictum which admits the jurisdiction of the ordinary, where there is an existing executor capable of acting. 'In many cases it is stated, that an administration granted where there is such an executor is -void. Toler, in his 6 law of executors, page i20, says, c' If there be an ,,executor, and administration be granted before probate,
,,and refusal, it shall be void on the wills being after" wards proved, although the will were suppressed, or "its'existence were unknown, or it were dubious who
was executor, or he -was concealed, or abroad at the
"time of granting the administration." It is also void "if granted becausethe executor has become a bankrupt," or if giranted, ",duranteininoritatewhere the infant had ",attained his age ofseventeen," until thestatute ofs8, Q. 3. So ,,if granted by a bishop where the ntestate had ,, bona notabilia, or by an archbishop of effects in ano-
ther province."

The case of Ford v. Travis, decided in South Carolina, is ex'pre!s to this point, and renders a further refer-.
ence to English books unnecessary.

The counsel for'the Plaintiff admits this to be the law

FEBRUARY TERM i8i4.

where an absolute. administration is granted; but de- GIIEFFITU

nies the law to be applicable to the grant of a tempora- T.,

ry administration. ,

VRAZIER.

However correct this distinction may be in many cascs, its application to that at bar is not admitted.

No temporary administration can be granted where there is an executor in being, capable of acting, and where the case will not justify the grant of a temporary administration, it would seem to be as completely out of the jurisdiction of the ordinary, as the grant of an absolute administration,- where that is not within his power.

The case, put by 2o/er, of administration din'ante mifi. oritale where the executor is of the age of. 17, seems full in point. This is a temporary administration, and the minority of the executor is a fact for the consideration of the ordinary. Yet if, in such a case, he grants administration, the act is void, because, in fact, it iF
not a case in which he can grant it.

The reasoning of the Court in the case of Fordvr.
Travis, appears applicable to this case. They say the executor having proved the will, ,was in the nature of a trustee; he could neither abandon his trust, nor ie deprived of his interest in the estate of.the deceased by
any act ot the ordinary. The ordinary, by proving the Wil and qualifying the executor, executed his power;
and no law exist, in this state, authorisin- him to resume it during the life time of the qualified executor, notwithstanding he may be absent from the state. Letters of administration granted under such circumstances are void ab initio.

If the ordinary cannot resume his power, so as to grant an absolute administration, he cannot resume it ror a limited time. le cannot, by any act of his, divest the interest of the executor for an instAnt.' The power may revert to him by operation of law, but cannot he assumed by any act of his own.

The grant of a temporary administration, as during the minority of an executor, is ad nsinn et commodunm

SUPREME COURT If. S.

oztyirrpi r.
PRAZIER.

eaeculmois. But in this case, the administration is, for the time, absolute, and makes the adwinistratur tht entire representative of the deceased. It w, uld not be unworthy of remark, if the case depenued on it, that though the application of Lamotte was for adminisira-
tion during the absence of the executor, yet the grant
itself is without limitation.

But, i5 its verynature, the appointment of an admin-
istrator, during the abs'nce of an executor under no diability, is essentially nothing more than the appointment ol an ag,'nt bir that excutor. This, the ordinary has not the power to do. The executor alune can appoint his agents.

If tho ordinary had no jurisdictilon in tihe case, then
the grant of adniuijistration was void ab initio, and all the acts of the grantee are void-Toblr, 128, 3, Term. Rep. 125.

It is contended by the Plaintiff, that could this ad-
ministration' even be considered as null, where that forms the direct question b(fore ti-e Court, as it did in Fofdv. Travis, yeL that p'int cannot be examined where
it is cdlateral and incidental.

The answer which has been given at bar to this argument is entirely satisfactory. The qticstion .has never been examined in a Court of law sitting as an appellate Court. The question has never been, whether tia letters ofadmiuisti ation shall be revok d or not, I tit whethee theywere origi'ally void, so as not- to warrant the particular act in support of which they were aleged.

But in this case, the letters of administration come as directly bcfore the Court as in the case of Ford v. Tra-Dis. Tile conv'-y;:nce from the sheriff to Freneau forms
a part of the Ph intiffs title; and tihe validity of that conveyance may depend on the question whether Lamotti" was or was not the administrator of Salvadore. ,The question, therefore. must nevssaril3 -be decided ; and a nuj,,rity of the Court is of opinion that adminis.
tration was granted by a Court having no jumisliction
in the particular case, and is therefore absolutely void..

FEBRUARY TERM isi.
3d. It is contended on the part of the Plaintiff, that GRFM~tM thejudgment on which the execution issued was proper- V. ly revivea by a Court of competent jurisdiction, whose FRAZIER. judgment is therefore conclusive until reversed.
The first objection made to this judgment of reviver is, that it was made without legal process. The thity day rule is substituted for the siere facias oniy in cases where lapse of time prevents the Plaintiff from sufi out execution.
However this Court might construe the law on 'an appeal from a judgment of revivor in such case, that question has bren decided hy a tourt of competent jurisdictin, and cannot be reviewed here.
The second objection is, that the letters of adaninistrat-,m being a mere nullity, no party representing the .esrat. of " alvadore was before the Court, and consequtently the judgment could not bind that estate.
This question is one of considerable Uhjaeuity. iad the ju ginfnt been revived against the executor himself, without tie s, rvce of process, it would perhaps, while in force, have protected all proceedin.gs under it. But this judginent is rviv, d . ainst Lamotte, who was not the rn presentative of Salvadore. In the opinion of a makjority of the Court. an execution on this judgment could not legally be levied on the property of Salvadore; and if so, the title was not vested in the sheriff by the service (,f the execution, and could not he conveyed by him to tho purchaser. Upon this point, the case cited from kst Wilson, 302, is a strng one against the 6pinion of the Court: but in that case, the execution, though irregular, was issued on aral judgment, and justified the sheriff in taking the effects of the deceased. On its face it was unexceptionable. It issued at an improper time; but in all other respects was correct. In this case, the execution issu.:d on a judgment which was itself a nullity ; and it authorized the sheriff to take the effects'real an( personal of Joseph Salvadre in the hands of James Lainotte to be administered. Now the property of Salvadore was not in the hands of Lamotte, but was in the hands of his executor.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
(VRIFFITH The case in Wilson,, too, is so briefly, I might say v. obscurely, reported, as to leave the principle, on wiich
FRAZIER. the Court decided, entirely uncertain. It does not appear that the object of the motion extended further than the restoration of the money. Th:s was not an attempt to set aside the sale; and nothing appears in the case from which is to be conclusively inferred what the opinion of the Court would have been on that question.
In the opinion of a majority of the Court, there is no error in the judgment of the Circuit Court, and it is affirmed with costs.
Wednesday, February16th.
HARPER observed that he understood the opinion of the Court to be founded considerably on the form of the fieri facias, inasmuch as it directed the sale of the lands of Salvadore in the hands of Ldmotte, when, in fact, there were no lands in the hands of Lamotte.
MARSHALL, Ch. J.
That was one ground of the opinion: but another, was, that the sale was founded on a void judgment.
HARPERz, as to the first point, suggested to the Court that the.form of the fieri facias was against the lands as well as the goods.

1814.

Feb.

tth.

VAN NESS v. FORREST.

.lbsent....WAsHINGTON, J.

n-o. tler,nhisvseoiyby .ColuEmRbiRa.OR to the Circuit Court for the district of

one member

df a tcxnier.

,.ia compa,

t

,

The case'as stated by MARSHALL, Ch. J. in delivcr the opinion of the Court was as follows:

io

SUPREME COURT U. S.

HARORD unavoidable. No such manifest repugnance appears to T. the court. The provisions may well stand together and
U.STATES. indeed serve as mutual aids.

In fact the very point now presented was decided by this court in the case of Locke, claimant, v. the United States, at February term 1813.

Thejudgment of the Circuit Courtis affirmed with costs.

ARMITZ BROWN v. THE UNITED STATES.

British pro, THIS was an appeal from the sentence of the Circuit Perty found in Court of Massachusetts, which condemned 550 tons of States,onland,,pine timber, claimed by Armitz Brown, the Appellant.

at the commencement of 'hostilities with .Greht Britain, 'cannot be con-
dnnnebasenn-

D. DAVISfOr te .appel!ant. This is an appeal from the Circuit Court of Massa-

6ny'sproperty, cliusetts, in which Court, the property consisting of

withoult ie-
gislatiwe aut,

about 550 tons of pine timber, twelve thousand staves,

authorcisincg its and eighteen tons of lathwood, were condemned. The confiseati o. libel states, that this car;o was loaded on board the Th,'eelgIasmclat wtouafr,tehdee.Emulous,at Savannah, AApprriill 9dthho, 11qt2; that the cargo larh- war, is belonged to British subjects; that the ship departed 1br
$1"imehaatl-ymouth, in Englnnd April 18th, in the same year, and

&Iintoasalt put into New Bedtbrd for repairs ; and that the cargo

4ater creek was there unladen, ant] remained there until seized by

t !.-re thle tide
ebbstanduows, Delano, as well on his own behalf, as on behalf of the

keanvdinI.ftsththee United States. As to some of the allegations in the li-

timber resting bel, there is no evidence whatever t support them ; the

on the mad at ship never departed for Plymouth, never put into Now

low water,
prevented

and

Bedfordfor repairs.

The facts are these:

i tons floatin.g
away at high 'rhe property in question was the cargo of the Ameri-
water by
boors, isto be Cai1 ship Emulous, and was sei7ed as enemy's property, eonsidered as ab'mt the 5th of April, A. ). 1813, nearly a year after
ynded. the same had been dischar. ed from the ship From the

transcript in the case, it appears that the Emulous was owned by John Delano and others, citizens of the Uoited
States; that, in February, 1819.2 the owners, by their

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
agent, chartered the ship to Elijah Brown, as agent for EnowN Christopher Ide, Brothers and Co. and James Brown, V. British merchants; that, by the charter party, the ship U.STATES.. was to proceed from Charlestonf S. C. where she then laj, to Savannah, and there take on board a'cargo of lumber, at a certain freight stipulated in the charter party, and proceed with the same to Plymouth, in England, to unload there, or at any other of his Britannic majesty's dock-yards in England, The ship proceeded to Savannah, took on board the cargo mentioned in the libel, and was there stopped by the embargo of the 4tlx of April, 1812. On t e 25th of the same month of April, it was agreed between the master of the ship and the agent of the shippers, that the ship should proceed to New Bedford, where she wa- owned, with the cargo, and remain there, without prejudice to the charter
party; which agreement is endorsed upon the back of the charter party. The ship accordingly proceeded to New Bedford. and remained there until the latter part of May following, when the cargo was finally unladed and discharged from the ship. The staves and lathwood were landed and put on a wharf. The timber was put into a salt water creek, which is not navigable, but Nvlhere the tide ebbs and flows, and where the timber re, mained for safe keeping until the time of the seizure. The timber was secured in this creek by booms extended across the entrance thereof, and fastened by stakes driven into the flats. On the 7th of November, 1812, the property was sold to the claimant by E. Brown, the agent. ill )ursuance of the authority wahnidchinhpeurhsaudafnoer I that purpose as agent of the shippers, of the advice of Delano, -%ho afterwards seized it in the manner and for the purposes stated in the libel. This sale, the Appellant contends was made bona fide for a valuable consideration, which has since been paid, and after notice thereof given to Delano, in whose possession the property then was. The seizure was not made until five months after the property hid been sold to the preseit claimant, and nearly twelve months after it was discharged from the ship. The claimant, it is admitted, is a citizen of the United States. E. Brown, the agent, by whom the property was sold, is a citizen of the United States, and James Brown, one of the owners of the cargo, is also a citizen of the United States, but resides in London and carries on trade and commerce in that city.

SUPREME COURT U. S.

BROUN T.
vIgTA.TES.

Upon these facts, the principal poiit which.will be contended for by the counsel for the claimants is, that
this propertiy was lawfully acquired, before.the declaration of war by tie United States against Great Britdin; and that, it being.found here at the time of the breaking out of the war, under thefaith of the government, it is not, by the
ihodern law oJ nations, nor by any law of the United
States, liable to confiscation.

This question ought not to be decided upon the "igorous principles and the ancient liractice of the law of nations ; but according to the mitigated law of war, sanetioned by modern usage in civilized nations: .For when the government of the United States'was'organized and
finally establishled, it was not only its true policy, but its duty, ",to receive the law of nations in its modern
state of purity and refinement." PerJude Wilson in the case of Ware -v. Hyltop, s !all. 298i. It is contended by the counsel for tfie claimant in this case, that the principie and the usage adopted and sanctioned by the modern
law of nations, is this, ,"that enemy's property found in Ihis country at the breaking out of a war,.is not liable to confiscatidn." A different practice, said to have prevailed in Great Britain with regard to property in this situation, found afloat in their porjs and harbors, will be hereafter considered.

The rule of the law of nations.applicable to this case, ,ifsound in Vattel, p. 477. His words are, "6The sove-
reigo declaring war, can neither detain the persons .,northe propertyof those subjects of the enemy who'are
wWithin his dominions at the time of the declaration.
,Thpy came into his country under the publicfaith. By "permitting them to enter and reside in his territories, "he tacitly prdmised them full liberty and security for "their return. He is therefore bound to allow them a "reasonable time for withdrawing with their effects ; ,,andif.they stay beyond the time prescribed, lie has a
,rilht t6 treat them as enemies, though as enemies in"armed. But if they are detaified by a.e.insurmounta,ble impediment, a. by sic!ness, he must necessarily
"and for the same reason grant them a sufficient extension of the term." In order to shew the humane and
liberal spirit with which the above rule is adopted by so-

FEBRUARY TERM t8ii.

1 113

vereigns in moderit times, the same author adds, ",At BnRW

-rresent, go far from being wnting in this duty, sove-

.

" reigns carry their attention to humanity stillftrther;U.STATES.

,so that foreigners who are subjects of the state against -

",which war is declared, are' frequently allowed full time

" for the settlement of their affairs."

Are not these just and equitable rules of the modern law of nations of authority in the Judicial Courts of the United States ? Upon what principle or policy, are they to be rejected, and those of an age dark, and "even barbarous in comparison with the present, adopted in their
stead ? Does it comport with the interest and character of this government, to reject principles and usages, calculated to ameliorate and mitigate the state of war and to promote the interest of commerce. which it appears have been clhearfuy adopted by all the monarchies of Europe ? The contract which was entered into by the agents of Vie parties in this case, was made upon the presumption that, in cast: ,f war, the property would be safe. This presumption arose from the unifoi'm prac-
tice, in similar cases, in all countries upon -which th.
law of nations is binding.

It has been suggested that this rule in rattelis applicable only to such persons as may happen to be in the country at the time of the declaration of war. Such,
indeed, is the letter of the rule: But when there is tho same reason, there is the same law ; and no good reas'ui ran be assigned why the property of an absent
owner should not be protected, as well As that of those who may happen to be resident in the cduntrv declaring war. In addition to thig, it may be observed, that the owners of this property were, in law, present during the
whole negotiation relative to this cargo, by their agent, E. Brown, by whom it was purchased, and who had the whole care and charge of it, at the time that war was
declared.

If the oorrectness. or authority of Tatel should be questioned. he Will be found to be supported by other
writers of high character.

In Ciitfy's Law ?f Nations, p. 67, it is thtt wr itft:

u In strict justice, the right of seizure can vte effect

VOL. IIiTp,

15

SUPREME COURT U. S.

Nw,,N
E',.
U.STATES.

"only on those possessions of the belligerent, which "have come to the hands of his adversary after the decla"rfatio qfwar" And again, in p. 80, "6Such aqp'ears ",to be. at present, the law and practice of civiliied na-tions, with respect to hostile property found 'within ',their dominions at the breakiiq out of 'war." These opinins are not only fairly collected ifrom modern
writers upon the law of nations, but arc eLtitled to particular respect as coming from a man of high character for his professional talents, and legal science ; and who has (lone and written more to improve and reduce to system the comm,,n law of England. than any other writer upon that subject for the last thirty years.

The principles and practice of the modern law ot nations here advocated, will also be found conformable to the conihmon law. In .Mfa-na harta,that venerable foun-
dation of English law and liberty, it is provided, that merchant stran.gers in the realm of England at the beginning of a war, shall be protected frbm harm in body and ;oods, until it shall be made known to the high authorities of the nation, how British merchants should be treated in the enemy~s country, and they were to be dealt with according to such treatment. Aragna Charta, chap. 30. Thes- provisions are commented upon, and emphatically eulogised by .11ontesquieu, 2d vol. p. 12.

Of similar character were the provisions of an ancient English statute, passed 27 Erlwal. 3,Stat. 2, chap. 17, iii which it is enacted, ,,that in case of war, mer6,chants shall not be sent suddenly out of the kingdom,
bbu,t may go out of the kingdom freely, with their "6goods, within forty days, and shall not be in any thing "chindered or disturbed in their passage, or to make pro,fit of their merchandizeifthey wish to sell them; or, i" 6. in default of wind or ship, or any other adverse cause,
,,they cannotgo, they shall have other forty days, withiu ,,which time they shall pass. with their merchandize, or " sell the same as before."

It is respectfully contended, that no act or measure of the American government has ever indicated a disposition adverse to those humane and liberal provisions and
usages of the common law. an] of the law of nations. On the contrary, so far as the disposition and policy of

FEBRUARY TERM i8m.

the government may be discerned by implication, it has manifested its entire acquiescence in, and its readiness
to adopt them upon all proper occasions. The spirit and disposition of the governmeht upon this subject, is apparent from the provisions in (I believe it may be said) every treaty which has been entered intosince the establishment of the go- ernment. Articles for the protection and removal of the property of enemies found in this country at the breaking out uf a war, are found in our treaties with France, Spain, Holland, Sweden,
Prussia, Morocco, England and .Jlgicrs. It will not be contended, that the provisions ofthese treaties, especially
that with England, can be binding, when the treaties themselves are not in force; but the itniform practice of those governments, in.agreeing to these provisions, is evidence of the highest nature, that the government of the United States have adopted, and mean to adhere to the modern law of nations in this rept ct ; that it approves theliberality of the modern usages, and rejects, and, I hope I may add, abhors the rigorous rules and contracted principles of the ancient jurists; that the spirit of the government, and the character of its policy,
is to cherish and carry. into practice every principle
and every custom and usage, which is found favorable to commerce, and which will mitigate the evils incident to a state of war.

BRowN
T. U.STATES.

In the proceedings and meauures of the government since the "war, there can be found no expression of its will, that property in the situation of this cargo, should
be confiscated or claimed for the use of the government--on the contrary, there aie indications of ano-
ther and more benign complexion. By the act of July Gth, 1812, sect. 6, the president was authorized, within six months from the date of the act, "-to give passpoi ts f,for the safe transportation of any ship or property
belonging to BritiSh subjects, tben within the limits " of the United States." Nothihig, therefore, can be
more clear, than that it was not the wish or intention of go-'ernment, to claim or confiscate property, belonging to the enemy, then in the United States. If such had been its policy, instead of the liberal provisions of this statute, provision would have been 'made in this statute, or in the act declaring war, not only expressive

SUPREME COURT U. S.
.OROWN of the public will upon this subject, but expressly der v. daring British property then within the United States
I.STA JES. liable to conliscatio,.
By the provisions of this statute, it is apparent that if this property had been on board a British ship, or if a Britisi! ship had been found in which to transport it, it would have come directly within the authority of the president, as to its safe transportation. Surely, then, it could never have been the intention of Congress to have it confiscated upon the ground that it had wIeh lawfully on board an American ship, in the regular course of trade, was there arrested by the embargo, aud then, for the convenience of all parties, discharged from the ship, aid placed in a proper situation for safe keeping, to abide the events of the embargo and the war.
The Court will also notice, that, previous to the expiration of the six months allowed by the act of congress, above quoted. for the exportation of British property, this cargo had been sold with the knowledge and approbation of the Libellant. This tkansfer, having been made bodt _fide, conferred other and new rights upo0n a third party, viz . the present Claimant. The
rinciple quoted and relied upon, that that transfer was void upon the ground that it was made by an alien enemy in-time of war, was probably never contemplated or known by theparties to the contract; and this may furnish a satisfactory, though perhaps not strictly a legal reason, why this property was not exported under the president's passport. At any rate, if the Court should be satisfied that this property is not liable to confiscation, either by the law of natious or by any ac of congress, they will not trouble themselves about the effect of the transfer, but leave the parties interested to settle that matter among themselves.
11-fore the Court will condemn this property, the1 wi]l search for some proof of a decided intention, on the part of the government, that such property should be confiscated. It appears that all the acts of congress, so, far as they can be interpreted with reference to this question, manifest a conrtrary spirit. The act -declar-

FEBRUARY TERM tIM.

in" war, speaks no language adverse to the claim of th Appellant. Theprize act of the 26th of June, i812, does not even glance at property in this situation. Will the Court assume the power, by implication, to condemn the property; and this, too, against the most explicit
declarations of the public will, Go far as they can be collected from measures of an analogous nature? Why is this case singled out? 'A by do not the district attornies
enter the warehouses in the numerous sea-ports, and hunt for booty of this description ? Such a proceeding
would be as hgal and as liberal as the present, though
probabl3 attended itb serious mischif to the country, if retaliatory proceedings and measures should be adopted by the enemy ; for it is a well knoNun fact, that
the amount of American property in Enghad itt the
commenctment of the war, was immensely greater than that of English jroperty in America, at the same period.

nnowN T,.
U.ST.TES.

It was stated, in the argument below, that the question relative to the confiscation of debts,' or choses in action, is illustrative of that which relates to the confis-
cation of goods. The modern usage and law df nations,
aid of our own country, relative to the confiscation of debts, are equally favorable to the Claimant in this case.

In the first place, it is distinctly denied, that there exists any power to confiscate the private debts of the enemy, excepting by a positive act of Congress. What figure would the attorney of the United Statfs make, with a libel in the judicial Courts, praying fir a con-
fiscation of a private debt? The exclusive right of this kind of confiscation, and even of goods, is in the legis-
lature-per Chase, Justice, in the case of Ware v. Hylton, 3, Dall. 281. The question which has been discussed by the writers upon the law of nations, is, whether it be lawful for the sovereign thus to confiscate.
And although it is admitted that he may do it, yet, ",.in "regard to the safety.of commerce, alt the sovereigns "of Europe have departed from this rigor; and as this "tcustom has been generally received, lie who would act ,, contrary to it, would injure the public faith ; for 9strangers trusted his subjects upon the presumption i that the generalcustom, would prevail." Vattel, lib. 3.

SUPREME COURT U. .

BRowN
T.
u.STA'T.ES.

ch. 5, sect. $7. The laws- and customs of the United States ought to be so expounded as to conform to the modern law of nations, whiclh is adverse to the confiscating of debts. Indeed the confiscation of debts has become disrepntable; and it has beenfeelingly observed by a late learned judge of this Court, that "6not a single
"confiscation of this kind stained the code oJ any Ektro"pean power engaged in the war Nvhich our revolution ,producd"P-3, Dal. 281.

It will be admitted that the question relative to the -onfiscation of debts, or choses in action, is illustraiive of the question relative to the confiscation of the private
property of an enemy, found here under the faith of
government at the breaking out of the war. Indeed the law and practice is, and ought to be, the same in both cases; and until a law of congress shall be pro-
duced, confiscating property of this description, the ju-
dicial Courts will not only proceed to do it with great reluctance, but will never assvme an authority of that kind, unless furnished with it by a legislative act, any
niore than in the confiscation of a private debt. In addition to all this, it seems to be now perfectly settled by the modern law and practice of nations, that debts are never to be confiscated 5 that it has become a disgraceful act in any government that does it; that tl!ese debts are stspended, and the right to recover them necessarily taken away by the war; but that upon the return of peace, the debts are revived, and the right to recover them perfectly restored.

The condemnation of this property is demanded upon the ground that the embargo of the 4Ith of April, 1812, arrested and detained it until the act of congress took place declaring war; and that that act had a retroactive
effect, and justifies the condemnation of this property. But to this it is answered: the embargo of the 4th of April was not a hostile, but a civil embargo; and no such construction was ever given to an embargo, not of a hostile character., That this embargo was not of this character is most manifest from this, that express provision was made for the departure of any foreign ships or vessels, either in ballast or with the goods, wares
and inerchandize, on board of such foreign ship or vessel when notified of the act. It was. therefore,, the

FEBRUARY TERM Ii.

being laden on board a vessel of the United States that
prevented the departure of this property. If it had been on board a foreign, even a British, ship, it would
not have been 'detained. That it was actually laden on board, at the time of tihe notice of the embargo,
manifestly appears from the record. This, it is conceived, is a sufficient answer to the claim of the govern-
ment to this property, upon the ground that it was stopped by the embargo, and liable to confiscation by the retroactive operation of the act of congress de-
claring war. The authorities in support of th princi-
ples here contended for, respecting the difference between hostile and civil embargoes,. must be familiar to the Court, and need pot be cited.

iniowi -v.
.q'rATrs.

But the practice of the British go.yernment is relied upon as a rule by which the Court are to be governed in the present case. It is admitted that, the English
Courts of admiralty have condemned 'vessels detained in
port by an embatgo. and found there at the breakinout of hostilities: but it is explicitly denied that they have eVer condemned property found on land, in that situation. 1 Rob. 228.

If, however, the English Courts of admiralty hav, done wrong, and proceeded against the modern law of nations in these cases, thiq honorable Court will not.
for that reison, 'a!lopt so unjuist a practice. The condemnnation of property, arrested in the ports of Great Britain by an embargo, to which a hostile character is afterwards given by a subsequent declaration of war,
appears to be a departure from the modern usages of
nations, and cannot be jiustifiedr by or reconciled with the spirit of those usages. But as they have never con-
demned property in this situation, except such as has been found not only afloat, but in vessels detained i their ports by an embargo, their decisions can form, no precedent in this case; for the property which is the subject of. this prosecution, was either 6n lafid, or in such a Situation as that it could not be the subject u.pon
which mi embargo could operate; or, in other words, the staves and lathwood were literally on the land; and the pine timber so discharged from the ship and so deposited, as to be entitled to thie same protection as if
actually laadea and stored.

'SUPREME COURT U. &.

BROWN
v.
IO.STATZ$.

The rule adopted in the English Court of Admiralty, as laid dawi in :, Bob. 211; is this: ,,All vessels detained in port, and found there at the breaking out of hos-
tilities, are condemned, jure coronoe, to the king; and all coming in after hostilities, not voluntarily by revolt, but ignorant of the war. are condemned as draits of ad. 'rniridty. This rule, both in its import and application, has been adopted, it is conceived, only in cases of vessels and their cargoesfound' in the ports of Great Britain. Tiere can be no reason for their application in this
country to'property. found on the land, or to property, although waterborne 3;et, in the same situation, in reason and in fact, as if found lite-ally on land.

Of this description is the property in question. By referring to the record, partictdarly the depositions of E. Brown and of Silas Allen, the condition of this pro perty, from the time it was discharged from the ship to the time it was seized by Delano, may be learned, from
bence it will appear that the al'egation in the libel, that the property was on the high seaq, is wholly without foundation. The staves and lathwood were laiided
and on a vhaf .With respect to these, there can be no doubt. The timber was discharged from the ship in the month of May, previous to the declaration of war;
it is of such description that it did not admit of being stored; it would have been injured by lying on the land; ,and the only -.lace prpper to keep it in, was the one selected,.a'creek, or small cove, where the tide ebbs and flows, but which was not navigable even. for bQats or scows; for it seems it was nec(-ssary to clear it out to admit a scow into it. Moreover, it was neessary to secul-e the entrance of this creek by booms or timber
ljd across its mouth, fe.stned by piles or stakes driven into the flats. This timber was thus secured and stored in"the usual way in which property Qf this desrription
is managed; and wis, to all iufents and purposes, as much lodged afd impounded in this, place, under a bail. nient, and in civil hands. (r .Pob.p. 28) as if it had been in a ship yard. It mrest, therefore, be a great
stretch of power and prerogative to extend the reason of the practice of Gr'eat Britain in cndemning proper., ty found in its harbors and On board vessels, to property in the situation of that in question:. and unless the practice: of Great Britain has extended, to the seizwr

FEBRUAR1Y TERM 1811.

and condemnation of enemies' property found on land Hnow-AT at the time of breaking out of hostilities, no sanction Iv. can be derived from her practice in favor of the confis- 1J.STAMES,
cation of this property,

The case, was submitted by the .AttorneyGeneralupon the argument contained in the opinion of the honorable judge Story, in the Circuit Court, which came up in the transcript of the record.

Wednesday, MTarch 2d. Present......ll the Judges.

MARSHAIL, Ch. J. delivered the ol.inion of the Court, as follows :

The material facts in this case are these:

The .Enulous owned by John Delano and others

citizens of the United States, was chartered to a com-

pany carrying on trade in Great Britain, one, of whom

was an American citizen. for the purpose of carrying a

cargo from Savannah to Plymouth. After the cargo

was put on board, the vessel Nas stopped in port by

the embargo of the 4th of April, 18t12. On the 25th

of the same month, it was agreed between the master

orthe ship and the agent of the shipper,, that ,he should

proceed with her cargo to New Belf'rd, wl.ere hr

owners resided, and remain there w ithout prejudice to

the charter party. In pursuance of this agreem~nt, the

Emilous proceeded to New Bedfrd, whereshe continued

until after the declaration of war. In October or No-

vember, the ship was unloaded and th- cargo; except

the pine timber, was land, d. The pine timber was

floated up a salt water creek, wher-e, at low tide, the

ends of the timber rested on the mud, where it was se-

cured from floating out with the tide, by impediments

fastened in the entrance of the creek. On the 7th of

November, 1812, the cargo was sold by the agent of

the owners, who is an American citizen, to the Clai-

mant, who is also an American citizen. On the 19th

of April, a libel was filed by the attorney for the Uni-

ted States, in the district Court of Massachusetts,

against the said cargo, as well on behalf of the United

States of America as for and in behalf of John Delano

an( of all other persons concerned.. It does not hppear

VOL. VIII.

if

SUPREME COURT U. S.
nuowy that this seizure was made under any instructions from T. the president of the United btates; nor is there any
V.STATES. evidence of its having his sanction, unless the libels being fliled and prosecuted by the law officer who represents the government, must imply that sanction.
On the contrary, it is admitted that the seizure was made by an individual, and the libel filed at his iiistance, by the district attorney who acted from his own impressiuns of what appertained to his duty. The pfoperty was claimed by Armitz Brown under the purchase mnade in the preceding -November.
The district'Court dismissed the libel. The Circuit Cqurt reversed this sentence. and condemned the pine timber as enemy property forfeited to the United"States. Froni the sentence of, the Circuit Court, the Claimant appealed to this Court
The material question made at bar is this. Can the pine timber, even admitting the property not. to be changed by the sale in November, be condemned as prize of war ?
The cargo of the Emnulous having been legally acquired and put on board te vessel. having been detained by an embargo not intended to act on foreign propertyj the vessel having sailed before the war, from Savannah, under a stipulation to re-land the cargo in some port of the United States, the re-landing having been made with respect to the residue of the cargo, and the pine timber having been floated into shallow water, where it was secured and in the custody of the owner of the ship, an Amnerican citizen, the Court cannot perceive any solid distinction, so far as respects confiscation, betweei this property and other British property f'ound on land at the commencement of hostilities. It wili therefore be considered as a question relating to such property generally, and to be governed by .the -ame rule.
Respecting the power of goyernment no doubt is enfrrtained. That war gives t.the so*reign full iight to take tle persons and confiscate the property of the enemy wherever found, is conceded. The knitigations

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
of this rigid rule, which the humane andwise policy of BLROWN' inodern times has introduced into practice, will more or T. ie.s affect the exercise of this right, but cannot impair U.ST TE§S the right itself. That reinains undiminished, and N%lhen fie sm, ereign authority shall chuse t6 bring it into operation, the judicial deputmenut must give effict to its will. But until that will shall be expressed, no power or condemnation can exist in the Court.
The questions to be decided by the Court are:
1st. NIay enemy's property, found on land at the commencement of hostilities, be seized and condenned as a necessary consequence of the declaration of war ?
2d. Is there any legislative act which authorizes "such seizure anti condemnation ?
Since, in this country, from the structure of our overinuent, proceedings to condt nn the property of an enemy found within'our territory at the declarition of war, can be sustained only upon the principle that tliey are institute( in e.ecution of some existing lIaw, we are led to ask,
Is the declaration of war such a law? D1)es that declaration, by its own operation, so vest the property of the enemy in the government, as to support proceedings for its seizure and confiscation, or does it vest only a right, the assertion of which depends on the will of tie sovcreign power ?
The universal practice of forbearing to seize and confiscate debts and crcdits, the principle tumiversally received, that the right to them revives on the restoration of peace, would seenm to prove that war is not ax absolute confiscation of this property, but simply confers the rizht of confiscation.
Between debts contracted under the faith of laws, and property acquirtd in the course of trade, on the faith of the same laws, reason draws no distinction ; alsd, although, in practice, Nesscls with their cargoes, found in port -it the declaration of war. may have been seized, it is not believed that nodern usage would sanction the seizure of the goods of an enemy lan land, whick

SUPREME COURT U. S.

B]Row v.
U.STATES.

were pcrjuired in peace in the course of trade. Such
a proceeding is rare, antl would be deemed a harsh exe1is0 of the rights of war. But although the practice
in this respect may not beuniform, that circumstance
does not essentially affect the question. The enquiry is, whether such property vests in the sovereign by the mere declaration of war, or remains subject to a right of confiscation, the exercise of which depends on the national will: and the rule which ap~plies to one case, so far as.respects the operation of a declaration of war on the thinm, ifself, must apply to all others over which war gives an equal right. The right of the sovereign to confiscate debts' b-iing precisely the same with the
right to confiscate other property found in the country, the ope ratiop of a declaration of war on debts and on other property found within the country must be the same. What thi n is this operation ?

Even Bynkershoek, who maintains the broad principle, that in war every thing done againt an enemy is lawfil; that lie may be destroyed, though unarmed and
defenceless; that fraud, or even poison, may be em-
ploycil against him; that a most unlimited right is acquired to his person and property ; admits that war does flot transfer to the sovereign a debt due to his enemy;
aid, therefore, if payment of such debt be not exacted,
peact. revives the formir right of the creditor; ",be"' caus-," 4c says, " the occupation which is had by ,,war consists more in fact than in law." He adds to his observations on this sulject, ,let it not, however,
"be supposed that it is only true of actions, that they "are not condenied ipsojure, for other things also be-
,longing to thbe enemy may be concealed and escape. " C,nlenination."

Vtitel says, that cc the sovereign can neither detain
"the pers-rns nor the property of those s'ibjects of the " enemy wiio are within his dominions at the time of 4 the declaration."

It is true that this rule is, in terms, auplied by Vattel to the p,-opprty of those only who are personaily within the territory at the commencement of hostilities; but it
applies equally to things in action and to things in pos-
session; and if wai did, of itself, without any further exercise of the st-wereign will, vest the property of the

FEBRUARY TERM isi.
enemy in the sovereign, his presence could not exempt &owi it from this operation of war. Nor can a reason be V. perceived for maintaining that the public faith is more U.sTA'Tss. entilely pledged for the security of property friisted in the territory of the-nation in time of peace, if it be accompanied by its owner, than if it be confided to the care of others.
Chitty;, after stating the general right of seizure, says, ,,"But, in strict justice, that right can take effect only "on those possessions 'of a belligerent which have come " to the hands of his adversary after the declaration of ,,hostilitieS."
The modern rule then would seem to be, that tangi-
tde property belonging to an enemy and found in tie country at the commencement of war, ought not to be immediately confiscated; and' in almost every commercial treaty an article is inserted stipulating for the right to withdraw such property.
This rule appears to be totally incompatible with tim idea, that war does of itself vest the property in the belligerent government. It may be considered as the opinion of all who have written on the Jus beli, that war gives the right to confiscate, but does not itself confiscate the property of the enemy; and their rules go to the exercise of this right.
The constitution of the United States was framed at a time when this rule, introduced by commerce in favor of moderation and humanity, was received throughout the civilized world. In expounding that constitution, a construction ought not lightly to be admitted whic][ would give to a declaration of war an effect in this country it does not poisess else-where, and which would fetter that exercise of entire discretion respecting enemy property, which may enable the government to apply to the enemy the rule that lie applies to us.
If we look to the constitution itself, we find this general reasoning much strengthened by the words of that instrument.
That the declaration of war bas only the effect of

SUPREME C.OURT U. S.

;inowN v.
'.STATES.

placing the two nations in a state of hostility, -of producing a state of war, of giving those rights .which war confers; but not of operating, by its own force, any of
those results, such as a transfer of propurty, which are
usually produced by ulterior measures of government, is fairly deducible from the enumeration of powers which accompanies that of declaring.war. i Congress *' shall have power"-" to declare wal', grant letters of *' marque and reprisal, and make rules concerning cap-
l-ures on land and water."

It would be.restraining this clause within narrower limits than the words themselves import, to say that the
power to make rules concerning captures on land and water, is to be. confined to captures *hich are exterri-
torial. If it extends to rules respecting enemy property found %yithinthe territory, then we perceive an ex-
press grant to congr ss of the power in question as an independent substantive power, not included in that of declaring war.

The acts of congress furnish many iustances of an opinion that the declaration of war does not, of itself, authorize proceedings against'the persons or property of the enemy found, at the time, within the territory.
War gives an equal right over persons and property: and if its declaration is not considered as prescribing a law respecling the person of an enemy found in our country, neither does it prescribe a law for his property., The aft concerning alien enemies, which confeivi on the president very great discretionary powers respecting their persons, affords a strong implication that lie did not possess those powers by virtue of the declaration of war.
The "aitct for the safe keeping and accommodation of Trisonera of war,1 is of the same character.
The act prohibiting trade with the enemy, contains this clause.:

4Andl be it further enacted, That the president o" -" the United States be, and lie is hereby authorized to f-giverat any lime within six months after the passage

FEBRUARY TERM i8m.
"of this act, passports for the safe transportation of BRowN "any ship or other properly belonging to British sub- V. ,,jects, and which is now within the limits of the United VUSTATES. " States."
The phraseology of this law shows that the property of a British sulbect was not considered by the legislature as being vested in the United States by the decaration of war; and the authority which the ;Ict confers on the president, is manifestly considered as one which he did not previously possess.
The proposition that a acclaration of wyar does not, in itself, enact a confiscation of the property of the enemy within the territory of the belligerent, is believed to be entirely free from doubt. Is there in the act of congress, by which war is declared against Great Britain, any expression whih would indicate such an intention ?
That act, after placing the two nations in a state of war, authorizes the president of the United States to use the whole land and naval force of the United States to carry the war into effect, and ,,to issue to private -armi-d vessels of the United States, commissions or "letters of marque and general reprisal against the
vessels, goods and effects of the government of the "united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and " the siibjects thereof."
That reprisals may be made on enemy pioperty found within the United States at the declaration -of war, if such be the will of the nation, has been adimitted; but it is not admitted that, in the eclaration of' war, the nation has expressed its will to that efrect.
It cannot be necessary to employ argument in showing that when the attorney for the United States institutes proceedings at law for the confiscation of ejiiemy property found on land, or floating in one of our creeks, in the care and ctustody of one of our citizens, he is not acting under the authority of letters of mnarque and reprisal, still less under the authority of such letters is sued to a private armed -essel.

SUPREME COURT U. S.
BROWN Tihe "c act concerning letters of marque, prizes ant v. prize goods," certainly contains nothing to authorize
U.STATB8. this.seizure.
There being no other act of congress which bears upon the subject, it is considered as proved, that the legislature has not confiscated enemy property which was within tie United States at the declaration of war, and that this sentence of condemnation cannot be sustained.
One view, however, has been taken of this subject vhich deserves to be further considered.-
It is iirged that, in executing the laws of war, thc executive may seize and the Courts condemn all prop.rty which, according to the modern law of nations, is subject to confiscation, although it might require an act of the legislature to justify the condemnatioi of that property whicl, according to modern usage, ought not to be confiscated.
This argument must assume for its basis the position that modern usage constitutes a rule which acts directly upon the thing itself by its own force, and not through the govereign power. This position is not allowed. This usage is a guide which the sovereign follows or abandons at his will. The rule, like other precepts of morality, of humanity, and even of wisdom, is addressed to the judgment of the sovereign; and although it cannot be disregarded by him without obloquy, yet it may be disregarded.
The rule is, in its nature, flexible. It is subject to Infinite modification. It is not an immutable rule' of law, but depends on political considerations which may continually vary.
Commercial nations, in the situation of the United States, have always a'considerable quantity of property in the possession of their neighboks. When war breaks out, the question, what shall be done with enemy pro. perty in our country, is a question rather of policy than of law. The rule which we apply to the property of our etemy, will be applied by him to the property -of

FEBRUARY TERM is.i,.
*ur citizens. Like all other questions of' policy, it is BROWN proper for the consideration of a department which can T,. modify it at will; not for the consideration of a depart- v.s,3A -Es. ment which can pursue only the law as it is written. It -is proper 'orthe consideration of the legislature, not of the executive or judiciary.

It appears to the Court, that the power of confiscating enemy property is in the legislature, and that the legislature has not 3et declared its u.ill to confiscate property hich was within our territory at the de laration
of war. The Court is thereibrrt or opini-n that there ig error in the sentenee of condemnation pr-moun",ed in Ifie the Circuit Court in this case, and doth direct that the
same be r, versed and annulled, and that tiie sentence or
the District Court be affirmed.

STORY, J.

In this case, I have the misfortune to differ in opinioai from my brethren ; and as the grounds of the decree were fully stated in an opinion delivered in the Court below, I shall make no apology for reading it in th;& placce.
"tThis is a prize allegation filed by the district attorney, in behalf of the United States, and of Jo-n Delano, against 550 tons of pine timber, part of the cargo of the. American ship Emulous, which was seized as enemies' property, about the 5t;, day of April, 1813, after the same had been dischargetl from said ship, and wbile afloat in a creek or dock at New Bedford, where the tide ebbs and flows.

From the evidence iii this case, it appears that the ship

Emulous is owned by the said John Delano, John John-

son, Levi Jenny, anl Joshua Delano of New Bedford,

and citizens of the United States. On the 3d day of

February 1812, the owners, by their agents, entered in-

to a charter-party with Elijah Brown as agent of

Messrs. Christopher Idle, Brother and Co. and James

Brown, of London, merchants, for said ship, to proceed

from the port of Charleston, South Carolina, (where the

ship then lay,) to Savannah, in Georgia, and there take

on board a cargo of timber and staves, at a ewrtain

VOl,. vIII.

17

SUPREME COURT U. S.
3unowN freight stipulated in the clarter-party, and proceed v. Nith the same to Plymouth, in'England, "for orders to
It.STATES. unlbad there or at any other of his majosty's dovk-yards -- ,inEngland." The ship accordingly proceeded to Sa¢afinid3, took on board the agred cargo, and was there stopped by the embargo laid 1) Co, g,.ss on the Ith of April 1812. On the 25th of the same April, it was agrerd between Mr. E. Browii aud the master ofthe ship, ,that she should procend wifi the (argo to, and lay at New Bedtod. without pirejudice to the charter-party. The ship accordingly proceeded for New B- dford, and arrived there in the latter p/rt of May 181-, where, it seems, the cargo was finally, b'tt the particular time it, :not stated, unloaded by the owners of tier ship, the staves put into a warehouse, and the timber into a salt water creek or dock, where it has ever since remained, waterborne, under the custody of said John Delano, by whom tfie subsequent seizuie was made, for his own benefit and the benefit of the United StateA. On the 7th November, 1812, Mr. Elij'ah Brown, as agent forthe British owners, (one of whom, James Brown, is his brother,) sold the whole cargo to the present claimant, Mr. Armitz Brown (who it should seem is also his brother) f r '?433 dollars and 67 cents, payable in nine. months, for which the claimant gave his note accordingly. The master of the ship, Capt. Allen, swears tlbat. at the time of entering into the charter-party, Mr. Elijah Brown stated to Iim that the British ownwes had contracted with the British government to furnish a large quantity of timber to be delfiered in some or his majesty's dock-yards.
Besides tile claim of Mr. Brown, there is a claim interposed by the owners of the ship Emimlotis, praying for an allowance to' them of their expenses and charges in the premises.
A preliminary exception has beeu taken to the libel for a supposed incongruity in blending the rights of the United States -and of the informer in the manner of a qui tarn action at the common law.
I do not think this exception is entitled to much consideration. It is, at most, but an iri-egularity which cannot affect the nature of the proceedings, or oust the jurisdiction of this Court. If the informer cannot legal-

FEBRUARY TERM isi8.
ly take any hterest, the United States have still a right, BxQwN iftlkeir title is otherwise well fiunded, to claim a condem- v. nation : Nor woild a pioceeding of this nature be deem- u.s ;'ATE5 ed a fatal irregularity in Courts having jurisdiction of seizures, whose lp'oceedings are governed by much more rigid rules than those of the aduiralty. . It is a printiple clearly s-ttlhd at the common law, that any person might seize uncustomed go,.us to tte use of himself and the king, and thereupon infoirm of the seizure; and if, in the exchequer, the informer be not entitled to any part, the whole shall, on such iniomation, be adjudged to the
king. For tiiis doctrine we have the authority of lord Hale. Harg. law tracts, 227. And the solemnijudgn ent of the Court, in loe v. Roe1 'Hardr1. 85.-and-.3lalde- 'v. lartlett, Parker, i05. The same rule most undoubtedly exists in the prize Court, and, as I apprehend, applies with greater latitude, All property captured .belongs originally to the crown; and individuals can acquire a title thereto in no other manner than by grant from the crowti. :The Elsebe, 5. Rob. 173.-l. Emast, 619.-ite Mfaria Francoise.6 Rob. 281. This, however, does not preclude the right to seize; on the contrary, it is an ndisputable principle in the English prize Courfs, that a subject may seize hostile property for- the use of the crown, wherever it is found; and it rests in the. discre. tion of the crown'whether it will or will not ratify and consummate the seizure by proceeding to condemniation. But to the prize Court it is a mattf-r of pure indifference whether the seizure proceeded originally" from the crown, of has been adopted by it; and whether the crown would takejure coronae, by its transcendant prerogative, or jure agniralitatis,as a flower annexed by its grant to the office of lord high admiral. The cases of captures b- noncommissioned vessels, by comnoanders on foreign'stations, anterior to war, by private individuals in port or 1n' he coasts, and by naval commanders on shore on unauthoirsed expeditiors, are all 'very strong illustrations of the principle. The .qula, 1. Rolb. 37.-The Twcee Gesuster, 2. Rdb. 28A., not.-The iebeekah, 1. Rob. 2,27.
-The Geflruyda, 2. Rob. A2Il.-The Ot lomane, 5. Rob. -i -71w Charlotte, 4. Rob. 282.-The Richnzond, 5. Rob. 325.-Thorshaven, 1. E&w. 102.-Hale in Harg. lav tracts, cht. 28. p. 245. And in cases where private captors seek condemnation to themselves, it. is the settled course of the Court, on failure of their title, to decree

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ivtoowi
v.
U.STATFS.

condemnation to the crown or the admiralty, as the cir. cumstances require. The Watsingham Packet, 2. Bob. 77.- Fhe Etrusco, 4. Rob. 262. note.-and the cases cited supra. Nor can I consider these principles of the British Courts a. departure from the law of nitious. The authority of Puffeudorf hndlattelare intpoduced to shew that private sul)ject.s are not at liberty to seize the pro. perty of enemies wit!,out the c.,mnission of the sovercign,
and if they do they are considered as pirates. But when attentivel. considered, it strikes me that, taking the -ull scope of thes- authors, they will not be found to support so broad a position. Puff. B. S. ch. 6. § 2.-Vattel, B. 3. ch. 0 . § U3, 221,i, 2259 226, 227. Vattel himself admits, (§ 284,) that the declaration of war, which enjoins the subjects at lage to attack the enemy's' subjects, implies a general order; and that to coMmit hostilities on
pur enemy without an order from ou.' sovereign after the war, is not a violati,)n so much of the la* of nations as of the public taw applicable to the sovereignty of our
own nation, (§ 2!45.) And lie explicitly states, (§ 226.) that, by the law of natioms, when once two nations are
engaged in war, all the 6ubjects of the one may commit h :stilities against those orthe other, and rio them all the
mischif authorized by the state of war. All that lie contends for is, that though, by the declaration, all the subjects in general are ordered to attack the enemy, yet that by custom this is usuially restrained to persons act-
ing under commission ; and that the general order does not invite the subjfcts to undertake any offensive expedition withouit a commission orparticularorder; (§ 227.) and that if they do, they are not usually treated by the enemy in a manner as favorable as other prisoners of
war, (~ 226.) And Vattel (§ 227) explicitly declaresp that-the declaration of war "6authorizes, indeed, and even obliges every subject, of whatever rank, to secure the persons and things belonging to the enemy, when they Iall into his hands. And he then goes on to state cases in which the authority of the sovereign may be presu-
med, ( 28.) The .whole doctrine of Vattel, faitrly con-
sidered, am.)unts to no more than this, that the subiect is not required, by the mere declaration of war, to origi.
nate predatory expeditionp against the enemy; that he is not authorized to wage war contrary to the will of his own sovereign ; and that, though the ordinary declaration of war imports a general ai"thority to attack the en

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
emy and hig property, yet custom has so far restrained B.owN its meaning, that it is in general confined.to persons v. acting under the particular or cdnstructive commission UI.STATES. of the sovereign. If, therefiore, tie sulbject do idertake a predatory expediton, it is an infringement of the pubJic law of his own country, whose sovereignty It:- thus in vades, but it is not a violation of the law of nations of which the enemy has a right to, complain. 13u(t if the property of the ernmyfa/ into the hands of a subiect- I,-is bound to secure it.
For every purpose applicable to the present case, it does not seem necessary to controvert these positions; and, whatever may be the, correctn,.ss of the others, I am perfectly satisfied that the position is well founded, that no subject can legally commit hostilities, or capture property of an enemy, when, either expressly or constructively; the sovereign has prohibited it. But suppose. he does, I would ask if the sovereign may not ratify his proceedings; and thus, by a retroactive operation, give validity to them ? Of this there seems to me no legal doubt. The subject seizes at his peril, and the sovereign decides, in the last resort, whether he will approve or disapprove of the act. Thorshavoen, 1, Edw. i02. Thp authority of PuI'endorfis still less in favor of the position of the Claimants counsel. In the section cited (book 8, ch. 6, sec. 21.) Puffendorf considers the question, to, whidm property captured in war beloligs; a question also examined by Vattel in the 229th section of the book and chapter above referr.d to. In the course of that discussion, Puffendorf observes, ,"that it may be very justly questoned, whether every thing taken in war, by private lho.silities, and by the bravery of private subjects that have no commission to warrant them, belongeth to them that take it. For this is also a part of the war, to appoint what personq are to act in a hostile manner against the enemy, and how far : and, in consequence, no private person bath power to make devastations in an enemy's country or to carry off spoil or plunder without permission from his sovereign: and the sovereign is to decide how far private men, when they are permitted, are to use that liberty of plunder; and whether they are to be the sole proprietors in the booty or only to share a part of it: so that all a private adventurer in waf can pretend to, is no more than

SUPREME COURT U. S.
nRowN what his sovereign will please to allow him; for to be a v. soldier and to act offensively, a man must be commis-
U.STATSE. sioned by public authority."
As to the point upon which Puffendorf here expresses his doubts, I suppose that no person. at this day! entertains any tiloubts. It is now clear, as I have already stated, that all, captures in war enurl to the sovereign, anl can become private property only, by his gr:nt. But ts there any tiing in Pufendorf to authorize the, doctrine, that the subject so seizing property of the enemy, is guilty of a very enormous crime--of the odious crime of piracy ? And is there, in this language, any thing to show that the sovereign may not adbpt the acts of Iiis subjects, in such a case, and give, them the effect of full and perfect ratification? It has not been pretendedl, that I recollect, that Grotius supports tie 'p,sition contended for. To me it seems pretty clear that hs opinions lean rather the other way; viz: to support the indisrriminate right of captors to all property captured by theni. Grotius, lib-. 8, ch. 6, sec. 2, sec. 10, sec. 12. -Bynkershoek has not discussed the question in direct terms. In one place (Byidk. Pub. Juris, ch. ) lie says, that he is not guilty-of any crime, by the laws of -war, who invadesa hostile shore in hopes of getting booty. 'It is true that, in another place (id. 4L/.20,) lie admits, in conformity to his doctrine elsewllere, (id. ch. 17,) that if an uncolnmissioned, cruizer should sail for the llulpose of making hostile captures, she m ht be dealt with as a pirate, if she made any captires except in self-defence. But this lie expressly grounds' "upon the municipal edicts of his own country in relation to captures made by its own subjects. And he says, every declaration of war n6t only permits but expressly orders all subjects to injure the enemy by every possible means; not only to avert the danget of capture, b~t. to capture and strip the enemy of all his
propert. And, looking to the g-encral scope of his observations, (id. ch, 3, 4) it ch. 16 4 17.) I think it may, not unfairly, be argued that, independent of particular edicts, the subjects of hostile nations rnight lawfully seize each other's property wherever found: at least, he states nothing from whicl it can be inferred that the savelreign might not avail himself or property cap. tured from the enemy by ':ncommissioned subjecto. On

FEBRUARY TERM t8i.

the whole, I hold that the true doctrine of the law of nations, found in foreign juri-ts, is, that private citi-
zens cannot acquire to themselves a title to Istile pro-
perty, unless it is seized tinder the commission of their sovereign ; and that, if they depredate upon the enemy, they act upon their peril, and may he liable to punishment, unless their acts are adoptid by their sovereign.
That, in modern times, the mere declaration, of war is not supposed to clothe the citiz-us Nxith authority to capture hostile propt rty, but that they may laWt'lly seize -hostile property in tln'ir own 'defence, and are bound to secure, for the use of the sovereign, all hostile
property which falls into their WInds. If the principles of British prize law go further, I am free to say that I consider them as the law of this counlr.

BRowS
'.
U.STITES.
-

I have been led into this discussion of the doctrine of foreign jurists, farther than I originally intendvd;
because the practice of this Court in prize proceedings
must, as I have already intimated, be governed by the rules of admiralty law disclosed in English reports, in preference to the mere dicta of elementary writers. I
thought it my duty, however,-to notice these authorities, because they seem generally, relied on by the Clai-
mant's counsel. In my judgment, the libel is well and properly brought ; at least for all the purposes of justice between the parties before the Court; and I overrule the exeeption taken to its sufficiency.

Having disposed of this objection, I come now to consider the objection made by the United States against the suf~ciency of the claim of Mr. Brown ; and I am entirely satisfied that his claim must be rejected. It is a well known rule of the prize Court, that the onus pro-
bandi lies on the Claimant; lie must make out a good and sufficient title before he can call upon the captors to shew any ground for the capture. The Walsinghtam packet, 2, Rob. 77. If. therefiore, the Claimant make
no title, or trace it only by illegal transactions, his claim must he rejected, and the Court left to dispose of the cause, as the other parties may establish their rig-hts. In the present case, Mr. Brown claims a title by virtue
of a contract and sale made by alien enemies since the war: I say by alien lenemnds; -forit is of no importance what the character of the agent is; the transaction

SUPREME COURT U. S.

3MowN
V.
U.STATES.

must have the same legal construction as though made. by the aliens themselevs. Now. admitting that this sale
Was not colorable, but bona fide, which, however, I am
not, at lresent, disposed to believe, still it was a contract matle with enemies, pendifig a known war; and
therefore invalid. No principle of national or municipal law is better settled, than that all contracts with an
enemy, made during war, are utterly void. This prin-
ciple has grown hoary under the rev rend respect of centuries; (19, Edw. 4, 6, cited Theo-. Dig. lib. 1. ch.
6, sbe. 21. Ex parte Bonsmaker. i3, M:.. jun. 71-
Rriston -v. Towers, 6, T. R. 15,) and cannot now be shaken without uprooting the very foundations of national law. ygnk. quwest. Pub. Jurts, ch. 3.

1, therefore, altogether reject the claim interposed by Mr. Brown. What, then, is to be done with the property? It is contended, on the part of the United $tates, that it ought to be condemned to the United
States, with a rec6mpense, in the nature of salvage, to be awarded to Mr. Pelano. On the part of the Claimant's counsel (who, under the circumstances, must be considered as arguing as amics crie to infirm the conscience of the Court) it is contended, 1st. That this
Coort, as a Court of prize, has no proper jurisdiction over the cause. 2d. That if it have jurisdiction, it cannot award condemnation to the United States, for seve-
ral reasons. ist. Because, by the law of nations, as
now understood, no government can lawfully confiscate the debts, credits, or visible property of alien enemies, which have been contracted or come into the country 4uring peace. 2d. Because, if the law of nations does nrot, the common law does afor1 such immunity from
confiscatiqn to property situated like the present. 3d. Because, if the right to confiscate exist, it can be exer-
cised only by a positive act of congress, who have not yet legillated to this extent. 4th. Because, if the last
position be not fully accurate, yet, at all events, this -process)being a high prerogative power, ought not to ae exercised , except by expres, instructions from the president, which are not shown in this case.

Some of these questions are of vast importance and most extensive operation; and I am oxceedingly o~iiged to the gentlemen who have apued them with so

FEBRUARY TERM m814.

rhuch ability and learning, for the light which they ha e euowN
thrown upon a-path so iitricate and obscure. I hi-ve v. given these questions as much consideration as the state U.STA'rIS.
of my health and the brevity of time would allow; and I shall now give them a distinct and separate discussion, that I may at least disclose the sources of my errors, if any, and enable those Who unite higher powers
of discernment with more extensive knowledge, to give a more exAct and just opinion.

And first....As to the jurisdiction of this Court in niatters of prize.

This depends partly on the prize act of 26th June,

1812, i. 107. § 6, and partly 3n.the true extent and meaning of the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction

conterred ,nthe Courts (ifthe United States. The act of 26,th June, 1812, ch. 107, provides that in all cases

of captured vessels, goods an,! effects which shall be

brought within'the jurisdiction vf the United States, the

district Court shall have exclusive original cognizance

thereof. as in civil causes of admiralty and in ritime

jurisdiction. The act of 18th June, 182, cit. 102, de*

elaring war, authorizes the president to issue 'etters of

marque and reprisal to private armed ships 4gainst the

vessels, goods and elf cts of the British government and

its subjects; and to use the ihote land and naval'torce

of the United States to carry' the wpr into effect. Ii

neitler of these acts is there any limitation as to the

places where captures may be made (n the, land or on

the ineas; and, of course, it would seem that the right of the Cots to adjudicate r spectini, captures would be co-extensive with such captures, whereve, made, unless

the jurisdiction confrred is manifestly coidlined bi the former act to captures made by private armed vesskis.

It is not, hoi~ever, necessary closely to sift this voint, as it may now be considered as settlcd law, that the

Courts of the United States, under the judicial act of

30th September, 1789, ch. 20, have, by the deleg iton of all civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-

tion, at least as full jurisdiction of all causes of prize

as the admiralty in England. Glass and at. v,.the dloop Betsey and at. 3 Dall. 6. Talbot 'v. Janson, 3 Dall. 133

I'enludlow and al. -v. Doade's administrators.3 DalI. 56

Jennings ".Carson, - Cranch, 2. Over what. captures,

VOL. VII.

Is

SUPREME COUWr U. S.

unowN V.
U.STATEs.

then, has the admiralty jurisdiction as a prize Court i
This is a question of considerable intricacy, and has not as yet, to my knowledge, been fully settled. It has been doubted whlather the admiralty has an inherent jurisdiction of prize, or obtains it by virtue of the commission usually issued on,the breaking out of' war. That the exercise of the jurisdiction is of very high antiquity and beyond the time of memory, seems to be incontestible. It is found recognized. in various articles of the black book of the admiralty, in publc treaties and proclamations of a very early date, and in the most v'enerable relics of ancient jurisprudence. See Robb. Col. .1larit.Intro. p. 6, 7. Id. Instructions, 3 H. 8, p. 10, art. 18, 'c. Li. p. 1-2, note letter. Edw. 3, .A,D. 13-3. Treaty cujry 7 and Clurles 8, .1. . 1197. Rob.
Coll. Jrarit.p. 3 and p.98, art.8. Rob. Coll. Arar. p.
19, note. Roughtan,'art. 19, 20, 4c. kc.passim. In Lindo v. Rodney, Doug. 613, note, Lord .Jlansfield, in
discussing the subiJect, admits theimmemorial antiquity
of the prize jurisdiction of the admiralty; but leaves it uncertain whether it was coeval with the instance jurisdiction. and whether it is constituted by special commission, or only called into exercise thereby. After'the doubts of so eminent ao judge, it would not become me to express a decided opinion. But taking the fact that,
in the earliest times, the jurisdiction is found in the possession of tie .admiralty, independent of any known special commission; that, in other countries, and espe-
cially in Frauce, upon whose ancient prize ordinances the administration of irize law seems,,iu a great measure, to have been moidelied, (Vide Ordin. of Fr'ance. .q.D. t,00, tb. Coll. .Oarit.p. 75. Ordin. of France,
.. D. i5S4. lil. p. 105. Treaty Henry 7 and Charles S. Id. p. 83, and Rob. note, Id. 105) tho jurisdiction
has unifoirmly belonged to the admiralty; there seems very stiong reason to presume that'it always constituted an ordinary an! nit an extraordinary branch of
·,Ie admiralty powers: and so I apprehend it was considerel by the Supreipc Court of the United States, in Glass and a[. -v. the Betsdy, 3 Dali. 6.

However this question may oe, as to the right of te admiralty t' take cognizance of merd captures made or
the land, exclusively hIsland forces, as to which I give
no opinion, it is very clear that its jurisdictioit is n t

FEBRUARY TERM 1814.
confined to mere captures at sea. The prize jurisdic- BRow tion does not depend upon locality, but upon the subject v. matter. The words of the prize commission contain U.TATtS. authority to proceed upon all and all manner. of captures, seizures, prizes and reprisals of all ships and goods that are and shall he taken. The adnliralty, theretbre, not orly takes cognizance of all captures made at sea, in creeks, havens and rivers, but also of all captures made on land, where the same have been made by a naval force, or by co-operation Nsithi a naval force. This exercise of jurisdiction is settled by the most solemn adjudications. Key and Ilubbard v. Pearse; cited in Le Caux v. Eden, Doug. 606. Lindo -v.Rodney, Doug. 613, note. The capture of the Cape of Good Hope, 2 Rob. '27*7. The Stella del MYorte, 5 Rob. 3-9. The islatul of Trinidad,.5 Rob. 92. Thorshaven, I Edw. 102. "re capture of Chrinsnrah, i Deten. 179. The Rebeckah, 1 Bob. 227. The Grtruyda,2 Rob. 211. The .Alaria.Francoise, 6 Rob. 282.'
Such, then, being the acknowledged extent of the prize jurisdiction of the admiralty, it is, at least in 'as ample an extent, conferred on the Courts 9f the United States. For the determinaion, therefore, of the case befdre the Court, it is not necessary to claim a more ample jurisdiction; for the capture or seizure, theugh made in port, wasmade while the property was-waterborne. Had it been landed and remained on land, it would have deserved consideration whether it could have been proceeded against as prize, under the admiralty jurisdiction, or whether, if liable to seizure and condemnation in our Courts, the remedy ought not to have been pue'sued by a process applicable to municipal confiscations. On these points I give no opinion. See the case-of the Oester Eeins cited in the Two Friends, i Rob. 281,, todte. Hate de Portubus.- ar-is, 4-. in Harg. Law tract, ch. 28, p. 215, 4*e. ParkerRep. 267.
Having disposed of the question as to the jurisdiction of this Court. I come to one of a more.general nature'; viz. Whether, by the modern law of nations, the sovereign has a right to confiscate the debts due to his enem3, or the goods of his enemy fiund within his territory at the commencement of the war. I might spare myself the conqideration of the question as to debts; but, as it

SUPREAE COURT. U S.
Br.owx has been ably argued, I will submit some views respectV. ing it, becauae'they will illustrate and confirm the doe-
UT.STA rES trine applicable to good:. It seems conceded, anti indeed is quite too clear for argument, that, in former times,
the-right to confiscate debts Aa8s admitted as a doctrihe ol natoial law. It had the counfenance of the civil law. (Dig. hb. 11. lit. .- id. lib. 49, tit1.5,)-of Grotius, (De
Jure bdli et pacis, lib. 3, ch. 2, § 2, cl. 6. § 2 Ah. 7. § 3 aud 4, ch. 13,, .)-of lPufeto, (De jure .Xat. et Xaht.
lib. 8,ch. 6. § 2s,)-and lastly of Bynke}'sioek; (quwst. Pub. Juris, lib. 1, ch. 7,) who is himself of the highest authority, and pronounces his opinion in the most explicit ma'nner. )own to the year 1737, it may be considered as the opinion of jur;sts that the right was unquestionable. It is. then, incumbt nt on those who assume a different doctrine, to prove that, since that period, it his by the gn-ral consent 6f nations, become incorporated into the code of public law. I take upon me to say that no .juisit of reputation can'be found who has denied the'right of confiscation of enemies debts. Vattel has been supposed t. be the most favorable to the new doctrine. He certainly does not deny the right to confiscat ; and if he may be thought to hesitate in admitting it, nothing more can be gathered from it than that lie considers that, inthe present times, a relaxation of the rigor of the law has ben in pra tic. among the sovereigns of Europe. -Vttel, lib. 3, ch. 5, § 77. Surely a relaxation of the law in practice cannot be admitted to constitute an aboltirn i prin'ple, when tie principle is as.wrted, as lat a,;1737, by Bynkersljoe. amid flhe relaxation slewn by Yattel in 1775. In another place, however, Vattel, speaking on the subject of reprisals, admits the right to seize the property of the nalion or it, sul)Iicts 4y wa) of reprisal, and, if war ensues, to
confiscate the property so seized. The only excrptisui he inak s. is of property which has been deposited in the hand's of the nation, and intrusted to tile public faith ; as is tie cas; of property in the public funds. Vattel lib. 2, ch. 18, § 3 2, 343, 311. Tile vety exception evinces pretty stro.gly the opinion of Vattel as to the general rule. (if the character of yattel as a jurist, I shall not under take to express an opinion. T't he has great merit is coneded ; though a learned civilian, sir James TMac Inissh, informs us tat h6 has fallen into great mistakes in important '6practical discunsions of public lawj,"

FEBRUARY TERM 1*81.
Discourse on the law oj niations, p. 32, note. But if he is BRows singly to he opposed to the w,.ghtofGrotius and Pufien- v. dorf, and, above'al, Bynkershock, it will he difficult for U.sTA'kE& him to sustain so unequal a coiitest IIhav%been pressed with the opinion of a very distinguished writer of our own country on thiq subject.-Camilfits, .Ab. 18 to ,2., on the British treaty of 1791. 1 admit, inthe fullest manner, the great merit of the argmnent which he has. adduced agautst the confiscation of prvate debts due to enemy subjects. L.ooking to the measure not as of strict right, but as of sound policy and national honor, I have no hesitation to say that the argument is unansweral;e. He proves incontrovertibly what the highest interest of nations dictates with a view to permanent policy : but I have not been able to perceive the prooft by which he overthrows the ancient principle. In respect to the opinion of Grotius, quoted by him in No. 20, as indicating a doubt by Grotius of his own principles, I cannot help thinking that the learned writer has himself fallen into a mistake. Grotius, in the place referred to, lib. 3, ch. '90, § 16, is not adverting to the right of confiscation, but merely to the general results of a treaty of Feace. He, says (§15,) that, after a peace, no action lies for 4amnages done in the war; but (§ 6,) that debts due before the war are not, by the mere pperations of the war, released, but remain suspended during the war, and the right to recover them revives at the peace. It is impossible to doubt the meaning of Grotius, when the preceding and succeeding sections are taken in connexion.' Grotius, threfiore, is not inconsistent with himself, nor is 16 BN nkershek more inconsistent ;" for the latter explicitly avows the same doctrine, but considers it inapplicable to debts confiscated during the war ; for these are completely extinguished. Bynk. qucest. Pub. juris, rh. 7.
It is supposed by the same learned writer, that the
principle of confiscating debts had been abandoned for mrere than a century. That the practice was intermitted, is certainly no very clear proof of an ab indonment of the principle. Motiveso' policy and the general interests of commerce may combine to induce a nation not to inforce its strict rights, but it ought not thetefoire to be, construed to ielease them. It may, hoever, be well doubted if the practice is quite so uniform as it is suppo-

SUPREME COURT V. S
nytow- sed. The case of the Silesia loan, which exercised the v. highest tdents of the English nation, is an instance to
USTtTES. the contrary, almost within half a century, (in t752,) It the very elaborate. discussions of national law to which that cas gave birth, there is not the slightest inlimation that the law of nations prohibited a sovereign
from confiscating debts due to his enemies, even where the debts were due flom the nation; though there is a very able statement of its injustice in that particular ease: and the Englisli memorial admits that when sovereigns or states borrow money from foreigne's, it is very commonly expressed in the contract, that it should not be seized as reprisals, or in case of war. Now it strikes me that this very circumstance shews in a strong light the general opinirn as to the ordinary right of confiscation. The stipulations of particular treaties of the United States have been cited, in corroboration of their general doctrine, by the claimant's counsel. These treaties cerlainly s!iew the opinion of the government as to the impolicy of entkrcing the right of confiscation
against debts and actions. See treaty with Great .'itain, 1791. art. tO-twith France 1778, art. 20-wihl Holland, 8th October 1782, art. 18-w'with Prussia, 11th Jdy f799, art. 23-with Arorocco, 1787, art. 21-But I cannot admit them to be evidence for the purpose for which they have been introduced. It may be argued with quite as much if not greater force, that these stipulations imply an acknowledgement of the general right of confiscation, and provide fi)r a liberal relaxation beiween the parties. i hold, with Bynkershoek, (q(uest. .ub. .Tur. ch. 7.) that where such treaties exist, they must be observed; where there are none, the general right prevails. . It has been further supposed, that the common law of England is against the right of confiscating debts ; and the declaration of .,4 hgtnt Charta,cl. 30, has been cited to shew the liberal views of the British
constttutin. This declaration, so far as is necessary to the prese!t purpose, is as follows: ' If they" (i. e. foreign merchants,) "bbe of a land making war against us, and be found in our realm at the beginning of the war, they shall he attached without harni of body or goods (rerun) until it be known linto us, or our chief justice, hoW our merchants he entreated, then in the land making war against us, and if our merchants be well entreated there, theirs shall he likewise with us." I

FEBRUARY TERM 1814..
quote the translation of lord Coke; (2, Just. 27.)-This Bnowi would certainly seem to be a very liberal provision; and ,v. if its true construction applied to all property and per- u.sT.TER sons, as well transiently in the country as domiciled and fixed there, it would certainly lie entitled to all' the enoomiums which it has received. Montesq. Spiritof La'ws, lib. 20, ch. 14. How far it is now considered as binding, in relation to vessels and goods found within the realm at the commencement of the war, : shall hereafter consider. It will he observed, however, that this article of
Iagna Charta, does not protect the debts or property of foreigners who are 'without the realm: it is confined to foreigners 'within the realm upon the public faith on the breaking out of the war. Now it seems to be the established rule of the common law, that all choses in action, belonging to an enemy, are forfeitable to the crown; and that the crown is at liberty, at any time during the war, to institute a process, and thereby appropriate them to itself. This was the doctrine of the year books, and stands confirmed by the solemn decision of the exchequer, in the ttorney General-v. Weeden, ParkOrRep. 267. --. 1Maynaxtd's Edw. 2, cited ibid.-It is a prerogative of the crown which, I admit, has been very rarely enforced; (See lord Aranley's observations in Furtado ". Rodgers' 3, Bos. and Put. 191,) but its existence cannot admit ot a legal doubt. On a review of authorities, I am efitirely satisfied that, by the rigor of the law of natons and of the common law, the sovereign of a nation may lawfully confiscate the debts of his enemy, during wal, or by way of reprisal : and I will add, that I think this opinion fully confirmed by the judgement of the Supreme Court in Ware v. Hylton, 3, Dal. 199, where the doctrine was explicitly asserted by some of the judges, reluctantly admitted by others, and denied by none.
In respect to the goods of an enemy rourd within the 4ominions of a belligerent power, the right of confiscation is niost amply admitted by Grotius, and Puffendorf, and Bynkershoek, and Burlamaqid, and Rutherforth and Vattel. See Grotius, and Pffelorf, and Bynkerswhek ubi supra ; and Bynk. qu. Pub. JTur. c. 4. and 6. 2, Barla. p. 209, see. 12, p. 219, scc. 2, p. 221, sec. 11. Ruth. lib. !2, c. 9, p. 558 to 573. Such, also, is the r'nh of the common law. Hale in Harg.law tracts, p. "215.e. 18. VuatMl has indeed contended (ant

SUPREME COURT U. S.

ERowN V.
U.STATEs.
--

in this he is followed by Jzuni, Part. 2, ch. 4, art. Z. sec. 7,) that the sovereign declaring war, can neither detain th6 persons nor the property of those subjects of
the en.-my who are'within his dominions at the time of the declaration, because they came into the country
apon the'public faith. This exception (which, in terms, is confined to the property of persons who are within
the country,) seems highly reasonable in itself. and is an extension of the rule in Mlagna Charta. But, even limited as it is, it does not seem followed in practice; and Bynkershoek is an authority the"other way Bynk. iqucest. Pub. Jur. c. 2, 3, 7. In England; the provision in MIagua Chartaseems, in practice, to have been con-
fined to foreign merchants domiciled there ; and not extended to others who came to ports of the realmn for occasional trade. Indeed, from the language of some authorities, it would seem that the clause was inserted,
not so much to benefit foreign merchants, as to provide a remedy for their own subjects, in rases of hostile
injuries in foreign countries. (See the opinion of Ch. J. Lee in Key v. Pearse, cited Doug. 606, 607.) However this may be, it is very certain that Great Britain has uniformly seized, as prize, all vessels and cargoes of her enemies found afloat, in her ports at the com-
niencement of war. Nay, she has proceeded yet far. ther, and, in contemplation of hostilities, laid embar-
;oes on foreign vessels and cargoes, that she might, at all events, secure the prey. It cannot be ni cessarv for me to quote authorities on this point. In the artieles respecting the droits of admiralty in i665, th 're is a ve.,
ry formal recognition of the rights of the cro%vn to all vessels and cargoes seizted'bef .re hostilities. The Re-
beekah, i, Rob. 227, and id. 230, vote (a.) This exercise of hqstile right-f the summuom jus, is so far, in(Iced, from being obsolete, that it is in constant operation, and, in the present hostilities, has been applied to the property of the citizens of the United Stat,'s. Of a similar character, is the detention of American seamen found in her service at the cominenceit nt of the war, as prisoners of war ; a practice which violates the spirit, though not the letter, of Alagna Charta; and, certainly, can, in equity and good faith, find few advocates, Of the right of Great Britain thus to seize vessels and
cargoes found in her ports on the breaking out ol war, I do not find any denial in authorities which arf

FEBRUARY TERM isi.

entitled t6 much weight; and I, therefore, consider the Bnow1-ule of the law of nations to b-, that tvery st h exercise v.
of authority is lawf'1, and rests in the sound discretion U.STATES. of the sovereign of the nation.

The next question is. whether congress (for with

them rests the sovereignty of the nation as to the right

of making war, and declaring its'limits and efif( ts)

have authorized the seizure of enemies' property aflat

in our ports. The act of J81h Junt, IS12, ch. 102, is

in very general ternis, decla.ing \sa, againit Qreat Britain, and authorizing the president to einplo) the

public forces to carry it into effect. Indepcndnt of such express authority, I tink that, as the executive of

the nation, he must, as at incident of the offic(, have a

right to employ all the usual and customary meaus ac-

knowledged in war, to carry it into effect. And there

being no limitation in the act, it seems to folljw that

the executive may authorize the capture of all enwnies'

property, wherever, by the law ofrnations, it may be

lawfully seized. In cases where no grant is made by

congress, all such captures, made wider the atit',ority

of the executive, must cnure to the use of the govern-

ment. That the executive is not restrained from au-

thorizing captures on land, is clear from the protisions

of the act. He may employ and actually has employed

the land forces ifr that purpose; and no one has doubted the legality of the conduct. That captures may be

made, within our own ports, by commissioned ships4 seeims a natural result of the language-of the gener-

ality of expression in relation to the authority to grant

letters of mnarquc and rprisal to private armed vessls,

which the act does not confine to capture.s on the high

seas, and is supported by the known usage, of Great

Britain in similar cases. It would be strange in-

deed, it' the executive could not authorize or ratiry a

capture in our own ports, unless by gi altin'ul a connis-

ion to a public or private ship. I ara it ,t hodh enovgh

to interpose a limitation -here congress have not cho-

sen to ntake one ; and I hold, tht, h i the act declaring

war, the executive may authorize all captures which,

by the modern law of nations, are permitted and ap-

proved. It will be at once perceived, that 'in this doc-

trine T do not mean to in-lude the right to cenfiscate

debts due to enemy subjects. This, though P,#trictlr

VOL. VIII.

19

SUPREME COURT U. S.

nHowN
-o.
U.STATES.
----

national right,. is so justly deemed odious in modern times, and is s6 generally discountenanced, that nothing hht an express Mt of congress would satisfy my mind that it ought to, be included' among the fair objects of warfare; more especially as our own government l ave declared it unjust and impolitic. But if congress should enact such a law, however much I might regret it, I am not aware that foreign nations, with
whom we have no treaty to the contrary, could, on the footing of the rigid law of nations, complain, though they might deem it a violation of tihe modern policy.

On the whole, I am satisfied that congress have au-
thotized a seizure and condemnation of enemy property found in our poyrts under the cicumstances of the present case. And the executive may lawfully authorize proceedings to enforce the confiscation of the same
property before the proper tribunals of the United States. The~district attorney is, for this purpose, the proper agent of the executive and of the United States. From the character and duties of his station, he is bound to guard the rights of the United States, and to
secure their interests., Whenever he chses to institute proceedings on behalf of the United States, it is presumed by Courts of law that he hasthe sanction of the pro-
per authorities; and that presumption will avail, until
the, executive or the legislature disavow the proceedings, and sanction a restoration of the property.

I have taken up more time ian,I originally intended, in discussing the various subjectssubmitted in the ar-
gument. An apology will be.found in their extraordinary importance. If I shall have successfully shewn
that the principles of prize law, as admitted in England
and in the United States, have 'the sanction of the principles of public law and public jurists,, I shall not re-
gret.the labor that has been employed, although, in this
particular case, I may pronounce an erroneous sentence.

I reverse the decree of the, district Court, and condemn the 550 ton* of timher to the United States; subject, howe ver, to the right of the owners of the Emidous to a reimbursement of their actual charges and expenses for the custody of the property, which I shall reserve
for further consideration : and I shall order the said

FEBRUARY TERM ,814.

property to be sold, and-the proceeds brought into Court 3RoWTI

to abide the further order of the Court."

v.

U.STATES.

Such is the opinion vhich I had the honor to pronounce in the Circuit Court; and upon the most mature

reflection, I adhere to lt. The argument in this -Court, urged on behalf of the Claimant, has put in controver-

sy the same points which were urged before nme. But as the opinion of this Court admits many of the princi-

ples for which I contended, I §hall confine my additional remarks to sich as have ben overruled by ly brethren.

It seems to have been taken for granted in the argument of, counsel that the opinion held in the Circuit Court proceeded, in some degree, ipon a suppositioi, that a declaration of war operates per se an actuW tconfiseation of enemy's property. found within our territory. To me this is a perfectly novel doctrine. It was not argued, on either side, in the Circuit Cburt, and certainly never received the slightesf countenance from the Court. I disclaim, therefore, a iy intention to support a doctrine which I always stipposed to be wholly untenable. I go yet further, and admit that a declaration of war does not, of itsolfi import a confiscation of enemies' property within or without the country, on the
land or on the high seas. "The title of the enemy is nrt by war divested, but remains in proprio vigore, until a
hostile seizure and possession has impaired his title. All that I contend for is, that a declaration of waK gives a right to conliscate vnemies' property, and enableg the power to wNhom the execution of the laws and the prosecuion of the war are confided, to enforce that right. Itf, inaced, tlirre be a liait imposed as to th6 extent 16 which hostilities may be carlied by-the executive, I admit that the executive cannot lawfully transcend that limit; but if n such limit exist, the war may be, carried on according to the. principles of the moderh law
of nations, and tnforced when, and where, and on
what property the executive chooses.

In no act whatsoever, that I recollect, have congress dtbclared the confiscation of enemies' property. They have autlorized' the president to grant letters of marque
and general reprisal, which he'may revoke and annul

SUPREME COURT T. S.

BRowif
10.
IY.STATES.

-at his pleasure: and eVen as to captures actually naiue under such commissions, no absolute title by confisca-
tion vests'in the captor, until a sentence of condeina-
tion. If, therefore, British property had come into our ports since the war, and the president had declined to issue letters of marque and reprisal, there is no act of congress which, in terms, declares it confiscated and subjects itto condemnation. If, nevertheless, it be confiscable, the right of confiscation results not from the express provisions of any statute, but from the very state of war, which subje'ts thehostile property to the disposal of the gov,-rnment. But until the title shouhl he divested by some-overt-act of the government and some judicial sentence; the property would unquestionably remain in the Bitlish owners, and if a pea' e should intervene, it would be completely beyond the reach of subsequent condemnation.

There is, then, no distinction recognized by any act of congress, between enemies' property which was mithin our ports at the commencement of war, and enemies'
property found elsewhere. Neither are declared ipso facto confiscated; and each, as I contend, are merely confiscable.

I will now consider what, in point of law, is the operation of the atts of Congress made in relation to the present war.

The act of 18th June, 1812, ch. 102, declates war to exist between Great Britain and the United States, and authorizes the president of the United States to use the land and naval force of the United States to carry the same into effect; and further authorizes him to issue
letters of marque, &c. to private armed vessels, against the vessels, goods and effects of the government of Great
Britain and the subjects thereof.

The prize act of 26th June, 1812, ch. 107, confers the power on he president to issue instructions to private armed xessels, fr the regulation of theii conduct. The
act of 61h .1I y, 1812, ch. 128, authorizes the president to make regulations, &c. for the support and exchange of prisoners of war. The act of 6th Juls, 1812, ch. 129,
respecting trade with the enemy, authorizes the presi

FEBRUARY TERM' 1814.
dent to grantpassports for the 'property of British sub. BROWN jects within the limits of the Lnited States during the ',. spa<, of six months, and protects certain British pack- U.STATzS. ets, &c. " ith ldespatchs, frain capture. The act of 3d March, 1813, ch. 203. vests in the president the power of retaliation for any violation of the rules and. usages of civilized warfare by Grf.at Britain.
These are all the acts.which confer powers, or mcike provisions tou'hi g the management of the war. In no one sif them is there the slightest limitation upon the executive powers growhig out of a state of war; and they exist, therefire, in their full and perfect vigoun. By the constitution. the executive is charged with the faithful execution of the laws ; and the language of the act declaring war authorizes him to carry it into effect. In what manner, and to what extent, shall he. carry it into effect ? What are the legitimate objects of the warfare %ihichhe is to wage ? There is no act of the legislature defining the piw crs, objects orixiode or warfar. : by what rule, then, must lie be governed ? I think the only rational answer is by the law of nations as applied to a state of war. Whatever act is legitimate, whatever act 'is approved by the law, or hostilities among ci-' vilized nations, such lie may, in his discretion, adopt and exercise; for with him the sovereignty of the nation rests as to the execution of the laws. If any of such acts are, disapproved by the legislature, it is in their power to narrow an(! limit the extent to which the rights of war shall he exercised ; but until such limit is assigned, the executive must have all the right of modern warfare vested in him, to be.exercised ill his sound discretion, or he can have none. Upon what principle, I would ask, can lie have an implied authority toadopt one and not another ? The best manner of annoying, injuring and pressing tle enemy, must, from the nature of things, vary under differoit circumstances ; and the executive is responsible to the nation for the faithful discharge of his duty, under all the changes of hostilities.
But it is said that a declaration of war does not, of itself, impoit a right to confiscate enemies' property found within the country at the commencement of war. I cannot admit this position in the extent in which it is

SUPREME COURT U. S.
unlowf laid down. ,Nothing, in my, judgment, is more clear IV. fpiwn anthorjty, than the right to seize hostile property
U.s8'ATEs, afoat in our ports at the commencement of war. It is the settled practice of nations, and the modern rule of Great Britain herself, applied (as appears from the affidavits in this very cause) to American property in the 'pnesent war; applied, also, to property not merely on board of ships, but to spars floating alongside of themI forbear, however, to press this point, because my opi.nion in the Court below contains a full discussion of it.
It is also said that .declaration of war does not carry with it the right-to confiscate property found in our couptry at the commencemenit of V,ar, because the constitution itself, ihgiving congress the Fower 6'to de,,clare war, grant letters of marque at.d reprisal, and is make rules concerning captures on land and water," has clearly eVinced that the power to declare war did not, ex -vi terminorum, include a right to capture property every where, and that the power to make rules concerning captures on hind and water, may wll be considered as a substantive power as to captures of property "itthin our own territory. In "myjudgment, if this argument prove any thing, it proves too much. It' tile' liower to make rules respecting captures, &c. be a substantivo power, it is equally applicable to all captures, wherever made, on land or on water. The terms of the grant import- no limitation as to place ; and I am not .awarehow we can place around them'a narrower limit than the terms import. Upon the saine construction, the power to grant letters of marque and reprisal is a substantive power ; and a declaration of war could not, of itself, authorize any seizure whatsoever of hostile -iroperty, unless this power was called into cxercise. I cannot, therefole, yield assent to this argument. The power to declare war, in my opinion, includes all the
powers incident to war, and necessary to carry it into effect. If the constitution had been silent as to letters
of marque and captures, it would not have narrowed the authority of congress. The authority to grant
letters of marque and reprisal, and to regulate captures, are ordinary and nccessary incidents to the power of declaring war. Itwould be utterly inelfectdal without them.- The expression, therefore, of that which is implied in the very nature of the grant, cannot weaken the

FEBRUARY TERM is8i.
force cf the grant itself. The words are merely ex- inowN planatory, and intrJduced ex abundanti cautela. It V. mig-ht be as well contended; that the power " to provide v.sTArEs. and maintain a navs," did not include the power to regulate and govern it, because tljere is in the constitution an express provision to this effect. And yet I suppose that no pjrs4un would doubt that congress, imdcpendenu of such express provision, would have {he power to regulate and govern the navy ; and if they should authorize the executive ,,to provide and maintain a navy," it seems to me as clear that he must havxe the incidental power to make rules for its government. In truth, it is by no means unfiequent in the constitution to add clauses of a special nature to general powers which embrace them, and to provide affirmakively for certain po ers, without meaning thereby to nega. tive the existence of powers of a more general nature. The power to provide ,for the common defence and general wellare," could hardly be doubted to include the power ;,to borrow money-;" the ppwer "to coin money," to include the power ..to regulate the value there6f;" and the power ",to raise and support armies" to include the power ",to make rules for the government and regulation" thereof. Oin the other hand, the aforhmative power "i to define and punish piraciks and felqjuies committed on the high seas," has never been supposed to negative the right to punish other offences on the high seas; and congress have actually legislated to a more enlarged extent. I cannot therefore persuade myself that the argameut against the doctrine for which I contend, is at all affected by any provision in the constitution.
The opinion of my brethren seems to admit that the effect of hostilities is to confer all the rights which war confers ; and it seems tacitly to concede, that, by virtue. of the declaration of war, the executive would, have a right to seize enemies' property which should actually come within our territory during the war. Certainly no such power is given directly by any statute. And if the argument be correct, that the power to make captures on land or water must be expressly called into exercise by congressi before the executive cgn, even after war, enforce a. capture and 'condemnation, it will he very difficult to support the concession. ,Suppose a

SUPREME COURT U. S.

AlRoWN v.
U.STATES. --

British ship of war or merchant ship should no, come ,within our ports, there is no statute declaring such ship actually confilcated. There is no express au-
thority either for the navy or army to make a capture
of her ; and although the executive might authorize a private armed ship so to do, yet it would 'depend alto-
gither on the will of the owners of the ship, whether
they Would so do or not. Can it be possible that the executive has not the power to authorize such seizure?
And if lie may -authorizea seizure by the army or navy, why not by private individuals if' they will volunteer for the purpose ?

'The act declaring war has authorized the executive to employ the land and naval force of .the United States,
to carry It into effect. When and where shall lie carry it into effect? Vongrvss have'not declared that any capures shall be made on land; and if this be a substantive power, not inpluded in a declaration ofwar, how can the executive make captures ou lam'. 'hen congress
irave not expressed their will to thig effl-ct? The power to employ the army and navy might well be exercised in
preventing invasion, and in the commen dfence, without unnecessarily including a right to capture, if the i'ighit to capture be not an incident of war: and upon what ground, then, can the executive plan and execute fireign expeditions or foreign captures ? Upon what ground can he authorize a Canadian campaign, or sieze a British fort or territory, and occupy it by right of
apturc; and conquest I am utterly at a loss to p4'rceive,'unless it be that the power to carry the war into effect, gives every Incideutal power which the law of natioas authoiizes and approves in a state of war. I
am at a loss to perceive how the powe- exists, to seize and capture enemy's property which was without our territory at the commencement of the war, and not the power to sAze that whicb was within our territory at the same period. Neither are expressly given nor denied
(except as to private armed ships,) and how can either be assumed except as an incident of war, acknowledged upon national and public principles ? [t may be suggested that the executive, ,as commander in chief of the
army and navy " has the power to make foreign conquests. But this is utterly inadmissible, if the light to authorize captures resides as a substantive power in con-

FEBRUARY TERM 181.

gress, and does not follow as an incident of a declara- nowN

tion of war: and certainly the ri;is of the -comman-

o.

der in chief" must be restrained to such acts as are Ad-U.STATEd

lowed by the laws. Besides, th, same difficulty mecis

us here as in the former case; if his powers, as coln-

mander in chief, authorize him to make captures with-

out the territory, why not within the territory?

The acts respecting alien enemies and prisoners of war, have ieen stipposed, even in a state of actual war, to confer new powers on the executive. I cannot :;ccede to the inference in the extent to which it is claimed. In general, these acts may be deemed mere r-gilationi of var, limiting and directing the discretion of the- ext'cutive; and it cannot be doubted that Congress had a per-
fect right to prescribe sucli regila ions. To regulate the exercise of the rights of war as to enemies, does not, however, imply th t such righis have not an indepen-
dent existen. e. Bsides, it is cl -arthat the act respecting alieli enemies applies only to aliens resident within the country; and not to the property of aliens, who are notso resident. I might answer, in the same mann r. the argument drawn from the act of 6th July 1812, ch. tQ9.
§ 4, and the act of 3d of March 181s, ch. 203.-But even admitting that these acts did confi-r some new powers, still, as these powers do not resp-et tho present
case, I cannt consider them as 'affording even a legislative implication against the existence of the powers for
which I contend.

It has been supposed that my opinion assumes for its
basis the position, that modern usige constitutes a rule which acts directly on the thing its,.lf by its own force, and not through the sovereign power. Certainly I do not admit this supposition. to be correct. My argument proceeds upon tle"ground, that when the F-gislative authority, to whom the right to declare war is confided,
has declared WYar in its most unlimited m:-nner, the executive authority, to whom the execution of the war is
confided, is.bound tfo carry it into i fl'ct. He has a discretion vested in him, as to the manner andextent; but
lie cannot lawfully transcend the rules of warfare esta-
blished among civilized nat:ions. "He cannot lawfully exercise powers or authorize proceedings which the civ-
ilized world repudiates and d2is0colaims. The sovereignty VOL. VHI

19,

SUPREME COURT U. S:

B'Ro4 -p.
U.STATES.

as to declaring war and limiting its effects, rests with
the legislature. The sovereignty, as to its execution, rests with the president. If the legislature do not limit
the nature of the 'war, all the regulations and rights of general war attach upon it. I do not, therefore, contend
that modern 9sage of nations constitutes a ruie acting on enemies' property, so as to produce confiscation "of itself, and not through the sover'eign power: on the contrary, I consider ehemies' property in no case whatsoever confiscated by the mere declaration of war,; it is only liable to be confiscated at the discretion of,the sovereign poker having the conduct and exec.ution of the
waw. The modern usage of nations is resorted to merely as a limitation of this discretion, not as conferring the authority to exercise it. The sovereignty to execute it is supposed already to exist in the president, by the very terms of the cQnstitution: and'I would again ask, if this general pbwer to confiscate enemies' property does not exist in the executive, to be exercised in his discretion, how is it possible that lie can have authority to seize and confiscate any enemies' property
coming into the country since the' war, or found in the enemies' territory ?-Yet I understood the opinion of my brethren to proceed upon the tacit acknowledgement that the exehutive may seize and confiscate such property., under the circumstances which I have stated.

On the whole, I am still of opinion that therjudgment of ile Circuit Court was correctand ought to be af-

Itis due, 'howevek, to myself to state, tbat, at the trial in the Circuit Court; it was agreed that the timber had always been afloat on tide waters; ad the affidavit by which it is proved to have rested on land at low tide, was not taken until after the hearing and decision of the cause,
In the opinion which I have expressed I am authorized to state that I have the concurrence of one of my brethren.

SUPREME, COURT U. & THE SALLY, PORTER, ASTEIR.

Propey a.
¢,1ii:fl illi-

THIS was an appeal from the decree of the Cir.

cit eiercvue cuit Court for the district of Massachusetts.
with the ene-

ry, to be con-
di,.ied to the The facts of the case were a follow:

etaipetoU.1,Sntaottetso.

Ahe U.iat The brig Sally, John Porter, master, was capturel

forfeiture un- by the privateer Jeffi-rson, John Kehew, cammander,

der theUt"July

7, 1i81% asprize, and sent into the port of Salemh ,

ar the United

9uitic ftsf'

stts is at- in the district of Massachus tts, for adjutdication. The

$1.l,emdoegiennltehrael*S. alIy, at the timaed of her capture,robad on board a co+aLs-

operation of ter's manitest, and a permi.,sion h.Ol the collector of the the .o1w.si. port Af Passainaqaoddy,dated July 7, 181t. to prceed
The prize act
of 12th June, to Boston. From the manifiest, her cargo purported to 12. ,,preates b, one box of bones, and oue box of furs. She had on
from Vthea"oU. board. also, iiboittftn" thousand bushels of salt.
States to titm
VOttoi1, o1!1l The Sally was licensed and enrolled for the coasting rullypttlrterhadde, at N4w Londn,,Juaze 6, 1812, upon the oath of

Lsfyionecdonlnriivisa-. John Patterson,of the city of .,lew York, who swore that ts,,r,p,rize he was the agent of James .Mavor, of Alew _rork, the

I ar.

owner.

Pattersonwas on board at the time of capture. Upon the return of the monition in the District Court, Palterson claimed the brig for XJavor, and Edzcard .Monroe claimed the salt for himself and Lemiel 1'. Grosvenor, ot
Boston.

'he affidavit of claim of Monroe did not state where the salt was taken on board, nor for what reason it was not mentioned in the manifest.

Patterson, Porter, the master, and the crew, upon the preparatory examiniations. sw,:re that the salt was put on board the brig at Bobinstown and Eastport, in thp Aistrict of Maine.

Among the papers found on board the Sally, was s permission to land her cargo of 60 tons of cordagr and 50 bolts of duck, from the deputy e,,lector of the port of Pa,aniaquoddy, datvd Jtnne 10, 1812.

FEBRUARY TERM im

There was also found on board, a letter te Messrs. JMuroe and Grosverw,r Boston, dated Eastport, Juily 7, 1812, signed -L. P.-. " covering a bill of lading of the
salt. In this letter it is said, - I am soPry to say that lio clearance of the salt can be obtained on board the
brig; I bave however despatched her, with a clearance of two small packages of John Brewer, consigned to us. and leave you to manage; it will, at least, be as well as the other goods sent-and I am hourly expecting a seizure to pay for sundry prizes taken fi'om St. rudrcws."
Again- A protection can be ha,, for any vessel bound here with provisions, from the English admiral, &c." St. Andrews is a small town in New Brunswick, a pro-
vince belonging to Great Britain.

TnE sALLY, PORT R,
MASTER.

In the manifest of the Sally, the two small packages above ,nenthmed are consigned to .llonroe and Grosve-
uor, Boston.

The captors produced witnesses in the District Court, who proved that the Sally lisliargod at St. .qndrervs, her car'o of corda-e, after the Ist July, 18l2,.and took in there the salt.,

The vessel and cargo were condemned, in te District Court, to the captors. anl an appeal cr.ered by the Claimants. In thc Circuit Court the decree was affirmea, and Monroe and Grosvenor appealed to this
Court.

A claim wats interposed by the United States as fir a forfeiture under the non-intercouse act.

On the above statement (and unon the argument in the case of the Rapid, ante p. 1,55,) the case was subitted.
Tuesday, Afarch 15th. .Absent,...MTARSUAL, Ch. J.

STORY, J. delivered the opinion of the Court.

This case cannot be distinguished from that of tlti Rapid. It was there decided that propierty engaged
in an illicit intercourse with tli enemy, is liable to con-

SUPREME COURT U. S,

THE SALLY, PORTER,
MASTER.

fiscation 6s prize of war, and the only remaininKquestion now before us, is, to whom it shall be condemned.to the captoi s, or to the United States.
By the general law of prize. property engaged in an illegal intercourse with the enemy, is deemed en,.my property. It is of no consequence whether it belong to an ally or to a citizen; the illegal traffic qtamlis it with the hostile character, and attaches to it all the penal consequences of enemy ownership. In conformity Nith this rule, it has been solemnly adjudged, by the same course of, decisions wlih has establishetl the illogality of the intercourse, that the property engaged therein must be condemned as prize to the captors, and not to flie crown. This principle has been fully, rocognized by sir William 9rott, in the .Telly, 1 Rob. ti9 ; and, in(leed, seems never to have admitted a serious doubt.

But a claim is mterposed by the United States, claiming a priority of right to the property in qu-stioi, upon the ground of an antecedent forfeiture to the United States, by a violation of the'non-intercourse act, (of AMarch 1, 1809, vol. 9, p. Z16, § 5) the .goods having been put on board at a British port. with an intent to import the same into the United States.

We are all of opinion that this claim ought not to prevail. The municipal forfeiture under the non-intercourse act, was absorbed in the more general operation of the. law of war. The property or an en.my sepi)is
hardly to be within the purview of mere municipal rgulations; but is coufiscable under thejus geniun.

But even if the doctrine were otherwise, whirl %%edo
not admit, we are all satisfied that the prize act of 26th Jjinc, 1N12, ch. 107, opL'rat, s as a,grant from the
United State's of all property rightfully captui-,d by commissioned privateers, as prize of war. rThe ianguage of the 4th, 6th and :1th sections is decisive.

The decree of the Circuit Court, condemrnn the yes sel ?tnd -cairgn to thw captors, is affirmed.

