OF THE -UNITED STATES.

279

drawn, as no longer to affect the neutral rights of America; and the' orders in council not b'eing rescinfhid,
On the 2d of.February, 1811, the importation of British goods, and the admission of Britith

ships -into America, were prohibited.
On the 4th of April, 1812, an embargo was laid in the United Stat~s, and onthe 18th ofJune llowing, war was, declared against Great.Britaib.

1816.
Mutual Ass. Society.
Watts' Exe. cutor.

(LOCAL LA.
The MUTUAL ASSURANtE SOCIETY V. WATTSxecutor.
Under the 6th and 8th sections of the act of Assembly of Virginia, of the 22dof December, 1794, property pledged tf the Mutual Assurance Society, &c., continues liable for agsessments, in account of tOe losses insured asainst, in the hands of i bonajldepurchaser without notice.
A more change of sovergignty produces no change in.the state of rights existing in the soil; and the cession of the District of. Columia to the national government did uot affect the lien created.by ihe abovp act on real property situate in the tdyn of Alexandria, though the, personal character oi liability bf a member of the sofi ty cduld not be thereby forced on a purchaser of such property.
AP.PPAL from the circuit court in the.District of Co-, ulnbia for Alexandria county. The cause..was ar-. gued by Swan, for the appellants, and by Taylor and Lee, for the respondeii 4
3 0{NSOx, 3., delivered the 4inion of the court, as March 16th. follews:

280

CASES IN THE St'PREMIE COURT

1816.

This is a bill in chancery, filed by the complain;

,Mutuaal Ass. ants, to charge certain premises, in the possession of

socVi.ety the defendant, situate in the town of Alexandria, with

Watts' Exe- the payment of a suni of money, assessed in pursu.,,tora.nce of the laws establishing the Mutual Assurance

Society, for quotas becoming due after his testator ac(quired possession. The executor has, in fact, sold the premises, under a power given him by the testator, but the money remains in his hands; and it is conceded that the sole object now contended for is, to charge the money arising from the sale of the land
in estion with the assessment to which it is contended that the land was liable. The insurance was made in 1799, and the property sold to the defcndarit's testator in 1807, long after the town of Alexandria ceased to be subject to the laws of Virginia. It is admitted that the sale was made without notice of this incumbrance, (if it was .one,) and the quota demanded was assessed on the premises for a loss which" happened subsequent to the transfer. The points made-in the case arise out of the.construction ofthe 6th and 8th sectious of the act of Virginia, passed the 22d of December, 1794. The 6th section is in these words: "IIf the funds should not be sufficient, a repartition among the whole of the persons insured shall be made" and each shall pay, on 'emand of the cashier, his, her, ortheir share, according to the sum insured, and rate of hazard at which the building stands, agreeably to the rate of premium, for which purpose it is hereby declared that tm .subscribers, as soon as they shall insure their property in the Assurance Society aforesaid, do mutually, fot them-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.,elVes, their heirs, executors, .administrators and as- 1816.

signs, engage their property insured as security, and Mutual Ass subject the same to be sold, if necessary, for the paS- socVi.ety ment of such quotas." And the 8th section is in Watts' Exe these words; "To the end that purchasers or mort- cutor.

gagees of any property insured, by virtue of this act,

may not become losers thereby, the subscriber sell-

ing, mortgaging, or otherwise transferring such pro-

perty, shall, at the time, apprise the purchaser or

mortgagee of such assurance; and endorse to him

or them the policy thereof. And in every case of

such change the purchaser or mortgagee shall be

considered as a subscriber in the room of the ori-

ginal, and the property so sold, mortgaged, or other-

vise transferred, shall still remain liable for the pay-

ment of the quotas, in the same manner as if the right

thereof had remained in the original owner."

In the argument two points were made, 1st. That

property pledged to the society remained liable for

the quotas to a purchaser without notice. 2d. That

the purchaser, by the purchase of such property, al-

though without notice, became, by virtue of the 8th

section, a member of the society, and liable, in all

respects, as such.

The second of these questions is now withdrawin

from the consideration of this court by an agreement

entered on record. And it must be admitted, that

whatever may be the strict construction of the 8th

section and its operation in the state of Virginia, so

far as it is intended to force on the purchaser a per-

sonal character or liability, it could have no operation

in the town of Alexandria, at the date of this trans-

irnl. T

.2 N

282

CASES IN THP, SUPREM9 COURT

1810. fer. The laws of Virginia had then ceased to be the M"ut"u'al Ass. laws of' Ale ndria, and it could only be under an
Society actually existing lawf operating at the time of the
Watts"Exe- transfer, that the character of membership in the 04r. Virginia company would be forced upon the purchaser. This is not one of those cases in which tenure attaches to an individual a particular characteristic or obligation; such cases arise exclusively between the occupant of the soil and the sovereignty which preside.s immediately over the territory., The transfer, therefore, of the district of Alexandria to the national government, put an end to the operation of the 8th section, so far as it operated by mere force
of law, independent of his own consent, to fasten on the piurchaser tae.characteristics of a member. But it is otherwise with regard to the soil. The idea is now exploded that a mere change of sovereignty produced any change in the state of rights existing
in the soil. In this respect everything remains in the actual state, whether the interest was acquired by law, under a grant, or by individual contract.a
.We consider the question, then, as reduced to this: Does *property, pledged to the society, continue liable for assessments in the hands of a bonafidv purchaser without notice, notwithstanding that he does not become a member by the transfer?
Here we give no opinion on the extent or meaning of the words "property insured," how far they will operate to.charge the lands on'which buildings stand. The question was not made in the argument, and is

aVide 6 Cranch, 199. Korn v, The Mutual Assurance.Sciety.

OF THE UNITED 6TAT&S.

20

probably of noconsequence in.this or any other case. We only notice it, in order that such a construction
may not be supposed admitted, as is too often concluded, becautsea court passes over a question sub silentio.
Whatever be the property thus pledged, it is very clear that the words of the .6th section are abun4antly sufficient tp create in it a cominon law lien, not only in the-hands of the original subscriber, but by ekpress words in those of -his assignee.. .If the case xested here, there would be io doubt or difficulty; but every law, and every contract, must be const~ue'd With a reference .to the subject of that law qr contract, and Which it is designed to answer. In this view we readily concede, that the duration of the lien could not extend beyond the. duration of the iiability of the subscriber to pay the premium; nor cotild the liability of the subscriber extend beyond the liability .ofthe company to indemnify him. On the other hand,.it Would seem that as lQng as the company could exact of the subs'criber the premium, they ought to 'be held liable to indemnify him, It will, then, be conceded that the liability of the subscriber, and of the company, are mutual, correlative, and co-extensive, and it remains to be examined how this concession affects the case.
It -ivsery clear that theie are but three ways by which a subscriber can cease to be a member: 1st. By the consumption of the buildings insured; which results from the nature of the contract. 2d. By complying with the stipulations of the 9th article of the rules and regulations of the society.

1816. %
Mutual Asi, Society
V.
Watt'
cutol

284

CASES IN THE SUPREME C.OURT

1816. 3d. By substituting a vendee in his place, in confor.
Mutual Ass..mity with the 8th section of the act of the 22d DeSociety cember, 1794. If, then, a subscriber has not become
V.
watts' Exe- discharged in one of these three ways, what is tQ cutor. prevent the society- from pursuing their summary

remedy against him? They are not bound to search for his vendee, or to raise the money by a sale of the property pledged; much less are they bound to prosecute their remedy against a purchaser whose name is -unknown to them, or who may be absent from the state: or from the United States, or insolvent, or protected, at the time, by some legal privi. lege. Their contract is with the original subseri. ber; their rules point out the mod1e in which he is
to extricate himself from this liability, and if lie has not pursued it, what defence is left him against a suit instituted by the society? The court cannot imagine one that could avail him. He cannot urge that lie has parted with the property. The ruler point out to him the conduct that he is to pursue in that event. - He may give notice to the vendee of the insurance, and tender an assignment. If the Yendec refuse to receive it, he is bound to remain but six weeks longer under the obligation to pay his quotas and indemnify the vendee, at the end of which time he will be entitled to a discharge, upon giving -duc notice, and complying with the other requisitions of the 9th section. Nor can he urge that he has no longer any interest in the thing insured; this, if any plea at .11, is none in his lips. It belongs to the insurer to avail himself of it, if it belongs to any oiie. But it is 4 plea hot true in fact; for lie conti-

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

284

,ues to indemnify his vendee against the quotas that 181G.

may be assessed, which, by possibility, may reach to ATutud Ass.

the value of the whole property sold or insured; society

and,

if

correct

in

principle

or

fact,

still

this

V.
plea watts' Exe.

could ijot avail him, since it is in consequence of his Citor.

own folly or laches that he continues liable to pay

the premium of insurance for another's property.

-And should it be urged that this would be convert-

gn an actual insurance into a wager policy, two

answers may be given to it, either of which is suf-

ficient; that there is nothing illegal in a wager policy,

in itself, and if there were, it is no objection in this case, when it results from the constitution and lairs

of the society.

But it may be contended that the insurer is dis-

charged, and, therefore, the liability for the quotas

ceases.

It is unquestionably true, as a general principle,

that where an insurer runs no risk, equity does not

consider him entitled to a premium; and, although

there exist some reasons in the policy and constitu-

tion of this society to apply it, in its fullest extent, to

this case, yet, to give the argument its utmost

weight, we are disposed to concede it. But what

has occurred in this case to discharge the underwri-

ters from their contract? The subscriber was clearly not discharged from his liability to them, and this

single consideration furnishes a strong reason for

holding them still bound under their contract. What

has the 'subscriber done inconsistent with that contract? The only act he can be charged with, is

alienating, without endorsing, the policy. But aliena-

286

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. tion alone is perfe'tly consistent with the contract,
lBff"u*tu-a,l ,A,sss. for the policy issues to him and his assigns; and SocVi.ety So far from interposing any obstruction to alienation,
Watts' Exe- provision is made for that very case, and unlimited cutor. discretion vested in the subscriber to endorse his

policy to whom he p!eases. Nor is alienation, without endorsing the policy, considered in any more offensive light; inasmuch as the 8th section which en-
forces the assignment, declares expressly, that it is for the benefit of purchasers and mortgagees, "to the intent that they may not become losers thereby." It is not pretended that it is for the society's own security; nor do they ever require notice to be given them in case of such transfer of the policy. As to them, thcrefore, it is an innocent dct, and we see no ground on -which the society can be discharged, either to the vendor or vendee-they certainly remain liable, and although it may be a question to which of them equity would d'ecree the money, yet to one or the other it certainly would be adjudged; but it is not material to this argument which, as Itis a question between the vendor and vendee.
If, then, the case presents no legal ground for discharging either insurer or insured from the contract, and the lien created by the 6th section be c,)mmen. surate with the liability of the insured, it will follow, -thatthe plaintiffs, in this case, ought to have a de.
cree in their favour. But we will examine, at a closer view, the liabili-
ty of the property in the hands of the vendee. That
he is not liable to the summary remedy is evident inom a variety of conpside rations. He must, then, be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

287

bruuglit into chancery to have his property subject- isme. ed to the consequences of the lien, whenever a loss Mutual Ass. bappens and a quota is assessed. In that case, his Society defence will always be just what it is in this-that Watts'Exehe purchased without notice. But this was never cuter. held to be a defence to a bill to foreclose a mortgage, which is precisely a similar case to this. Nor is it any better defence to urge that he could derive nQ benefit under the policy in case of a loss; for this is precisely the same defence, a little varied, as will be seen by supposing that the vendee of a mortgagor should plead, to a bill of foreclosure,,that the money borrowed did not come to his use. But his case is not as good as that of the vendee of the mortgagor in the case supposed; for the 8th sectibn makes provision for his relief. That section says. " To tihe end that purchasers,-or mortgagees, of any property insured, may not become losers thereby," the vendor shall give them notice, and endorse the policy over. In what manner shallthe purchasers, or mortgagees, become losers, unless the lien is to continue on the property in their hands ? If the vendor be guilty of the folly of paying the quotas; and the vendee never receives notice of the lien, through a demand from the society, there is no damage sustained. If he should be assailed with such a demand, he has a right to require of the vendee an assignment of the policy; and as there existed an original duty to make such an assignment, it may well be held to operate, nuncyro tune, and carry with it all the benefits of an original assignment.

288

CASES IN THE SUIPREME COURT

1816.

But it is contended, that the 8th section explains

Sand limits the 6th section in such a manner as to reA
Mutual Ass.
Society strict the duration of the lien in the hands of the

Watts' Exe- vendee to those casds only in which the transfer of cutor. the policy also takes place.

This consequence cannot be logically maintained. The argument is, that the -words "such change, '

mean only a change of the property, attended with en assignment of the policy, and that if the legislature had supposed that -property sold would, in the hands of the vendee, remain subject to the lien, they would not expressly have subjected it in such a case. But this section will, with philological correctness. admit of a different construction, and a construction more cohsistent with legal principles, inasmuch as it will not admit of an implication inconsistent with thei preceding setion, and even with other parts of the same sect;on. Nor, if the construction on which this argument is founded were unavoidable, would the conclusion follow which the argument asserts. The juestion is, what is the meaning of the words " in. everi change," in the section under consideration? The solution is only to be found by referring to the preceding andl only other clause of the same section: and there we find, that a general provision is inevitably to be made for every possible change of sale or
purchase. The operation of the clause will, then, be only to confirm and support the general words of the sixth section, and if it left any d'ubt with regard to the duration of the lien in the hands of the vendee, to remove those doubts by express provision. This
,-onstritctionis also the most consistent with the re-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

2-89

cital in the first clause of the same section, which, as has been before observed, with another vicw, is founded altogether on the idea that property sold remained pledged to the society in the hands of the vendee, whether with or without notice; as, in that case alone, could wEndees, or mortgagees, need th

1816.
Mutua"l Ass.
Society
watts' Exc-
cutor.

protection held out to them in that clause.

But if a different construction could legally be

given to that section, so as to restrict the words

" every such case," to mean those cases only which

were attended with an assignment of the policy, it

would not follow that the lien ceased its operation

in all others. To apply to this case the maxim,

expressio unims est exclusio altcrius, would be a glaring

sophism. For, the only principle on which such a

conclusion could be founded would be, that the re-

petition of a legal provision, included, with many

others, in another law, produced a repeal of all others

by necessary implication. Such an implication may

be fesorted to, in order to determine the intention of

the legislature in a case of doubtful import, but can-

not operate to destroy the effect of clear and une-

quivocal expressions. An obvious and unanswera-

ble objection to giving this effect to this clause, is,

that it puts it in the power of the subscriber to exo-

nerate the property from the lien by fhe single act of

sale, not even sustaining it fbr the term of six weeks

after the notice given of his intention to withdraw ;

an effect glaringly inconsistent, no less with the ex-

press words than with the general view of the law

on this subject. For there is nothing in the act

which obliges the vcndee to accept an assignumet.

vor, ,

-0

290

2ASES'IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. A tender to him, therefore, cannot subject him to AMuttual Ass. any onerous consequences. He does no more than
SocVi.ety what he may lawfully do. If,then, the fien ceases, watt' Exe- unlless he accepts the assignment,, and it is legally at
cutor. his option to accept or refuse, the subscriber, in

having the right to sell to whom he pleases, has also the duration of the lien submitted to his will.
Some difficulty has also existed in the minds of
some of the court on the contingent nature of this lien, whether the lien was complete to all purposes at any period before the assbssment of a quota. But, on this subject, the-majority are of opinion, that, as to legal incumbrancy, or duration of a lien, it makes no difference whether its object is to secure an existing debt, or a contingent indemnity. In the ease of Black et al, mortgagees of Gardner, v. Kraig & Mitchell, this court sustained a mortgage, given to secure an endorser against notes which he might endorse, Where he bad entered into no stipulation to endorse for the mortgagor. And, in the case of bonds given for the discharge of duties, offices, or annuities, it never was maintained as an objection, that the object of the lien was future, contingent, or uncertain. In this case the mutual stipulation to indemnify each other against losses operates as a perchase of the lien, and places the parties on strong equitable grounds as to each other.
Some cases were cited in the argument from the reports of decisions which have been made in the courts of Virginia. This court uniformly acts under the influence of a desire to conform its decisions to those of the state courts on their local laws; and

OF THE UNITED STATES.
would not hesitate to pay great respect to those de- 18t. cisions, if they had appeared to reach the questSion Mutual Av-:. now under consideration. But they are persuaded Society that those cases do not come up to the present. In Watt' Exc! the case of Greenhow et al ,. Barton, (j .Munf.598.,) cutor. it is truc, that the decision of the district court, which was finally confirmed, was in favour of the purchaser without notice. But it was solely on the question, whether he was liable to the summary remedy, or, in other words, liable generally, as a member. And the case of Anne Byrd, reported in the cases of the general court, was likewise the case of a motion for a summary judgment. In the latter case, the .court went much further in charging the vendee than this court is called upon to proceed in the present case. But in neither of those cases was a bill filed to charge the vendee, as in the present; nor was the question brought up in either detached from that of his general liability as a member.
The decree below will be reversed, and a decree ordered to be entered for the complainants.
LIVINGSTON, J., and STORY, J., dissented.
Decree reversed.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

219

181O.

(COMMON LAW.)

Morean
V.
The U. S. Ins. Co.

MOREAN v. THE UNITED STATES INSURANCE COMPANY.

The insurer on memorandum articles, is only liable for a total loss, which can never happen where the cargo, or a part of it, has been sent on by the insured, and reaches the original port of its destination.
Where the ship being cast on shore near the port of *destination, the agent of the insuid employed persons' to unlade as much of the cargo (of corn) as could ue saved, and .nearly one half was landed, dried, and sent on to the port of destinatfon, and sold by the consignees at about one quarter the price of sound corn; this was held
not to be a total loss, and the insurer not to be liable.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Pennsylvania. This was an action commenced by the plaintiff in error, upon a policy of insurance dated the 14th.bf December, 1812, on goods on board the brig Betsey, at and from Cape Henry to Lisbon, at a premium of six per cent., on which 5,000 dollars were underwritten by the defendants, and valued at that sum, declared to be against all risks, except British capture, warranted American property. The jury found 'a verdict for the plaintif, subject to the opinion of the court upon the following facti agreed
by the parties. The cargo consisted of 4,406.bushels of indian corn, 100 barrels of navy bread, and 20 barrels of cornmeal. The brig sailed from"Baltimoie on the lith of November, 1812, and frokn Cape Henry on the 13th of the same month. She experienced, on the voyage, many and severe gales of

220

CASES IN THE SUPREIE COURT

1816. wind. On the 18th of December, she passed the Srock of Lisbon, and came to anchor about four miles
Morear
V. below Belem Castle. She leaked considerably in ImnC. .S" consequence of the injury she had sustained from
the severe gales to which she had been exposed. After passing the rock the wind died away, and the current being adverse, she came to anchor. The master and supercargo landed, went through the eq.tomary forms at Belem +o obtain a permit to pass the castle, arid then proceeded to Lisbon. The health boat Visited the brig, and ordered her to get above the castleas soon as possible. On the 19th, she was again exposed to a heavy and fatal gale, and drove ashore near to Belem Castle, the sea breaking over her, and the c :ew hanging by the rigging to preserve their lives. ' The supercargo considered both vessel and cargo as totally lost. By directions of the custom house, as much of the cargo as could be got out, was unladen by a'number of French prisoners who were employed for that purpose. The cargo was all
wet, and the part of it which was then taken out was carried to thc fort, where it was spread and dried. From thence it was carried to Lisbon in lighters, and, was sold in the corn market by the consignee of the cargo. The quantity so saved and sold amounted to about 1,988 bushels, which was sold at 5G cents
a bushel, whereas the price of sound corn was 2 dollars and 25 cents a bushel. 'the supercargo petitioned for liberty to sell the corn at the place where it was first deposited and dried, 'which could not be granted, and he was obliged to submit to the custom of the place, and allow it to be sold at the corn mar-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

221

fcet. The brig was so completelyw recked, that she 1816. was sold, with her materials, where she lay, m lots..
Morean
Had the supercargo been left to the free-exercise of his TheTU.. S. own judgment, be would not have attempted to save . any part of the cargo, in consequence of the total
damage, and the gre.at expense of saving it. The 'not proceeds of the cargo were not much more than the expenses of saving it, includinig those of the supercargo. The port of Lisbon commences above Belem Ca~tle, and the cnstom of the place' is to dis-charge cargoes, of corn, between that castle and Cantara, which latter place is from one to two miles
below Lisbon. The vessel never 'arrived ht her port of discharge. On the 22d of December she was entered at' the custom house by the Ameritan vice consul, which he said was necessary; but port dues do not attach to vessels till they pass the castle. Still, as part of the cargo was carried 'to Lisbon, the entry was made by the consul, and the dues were paid. On the 11th of March, 1'813,.the pj.a;ntiff, having received notice of the shipwreck, offei'ed to abandon, which was refused. Upon these facts, the circuit court gave judgment fdr the 'defehdants,
and the cause was brought by writ of error into this court.

Pinknfy, for the plaintiff. By the shipwreck, abd breaking up of the voyage, the plaintiiT was entitled to abandon; and there is no distinction in law in this "respectbetween memorandum aiticles and general articles. The wreck disabled the ship from transporting the commodity, and the insured was tot

2,22
igie . Mot-ean
Moreau
fU Ins. C.

CASES iN THE SUPREME COURT
obliged to find another vehicle to carry it on. Here mote than a noiety of the thing insured was annihilated, to say nohing of the deterioration of the rest. By the contract, -itbecame the duty of the agent of the insured, to labour about the thing; and, if the wreck and consequent damage justified the right of abandonment, what effect can the conduct of the supercargo haye ? The subsequent transportation can have no effect on the right 6f abandonment: the supercargo was compelled to carry it on bytlie Portuguese government for the supply of the capital. 'The law holds, that the insured shall not abandon in the case of memorandum articles upon deteriorationmerely. This is"not a mere technical total. loss ;.it is the same',thihg as if the 'aves of the sea had washed this portion of the cargo up to Lisbaon.- The usage of the government, in compellingr a-sale in such cases, must have been equally
known to bo'th parties, and ought to operate equally on bbth."

taper, contra. 1. A distinction is here attempted to b6 taken, on account of the nature of the peril by wIhich the-loss was occasioned. Btt the law prescribes, that the inisured must carry on memorandum aricles, if possible, in another vehicle. No degree of injury, short of total destruction, will justify the insured in abandoning without making an effort to carry on 'the articles; and their actual arri- al at the pert of destination, no matter how, prevents aban-, doniment.a Ouf policies contain no stipulation simi-
a .TIarshall on Insurance, Condy's ed. -23. and the cases there cited.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

223

lar to those iri the English, as to "stranding of the ship," in the case of memorandum articles. Wreck cannot help the insured, where the consequence is the destruction of the voyage only, without the ac-

1816.
Mo~rean
ThevU. . S.' Ins. Co.

tual destruction of the thing. The right of aban-
donment exists, while the peril of total loss exists; but when the article is saved from that peril, the right no longer exists.' 2. The right of abandonment was not exercised in due time; not until after the peril had ceased. Memorandum articles may be abandoned while they are submerged, or the band of the enemy is upon them; but here the loss of the voyage was repaired by other means found to carry on the goods before the abandonment is made." They were transported, not by violence, but according.to the usage of the. country; an4l the .parties must"be considered in law as having assented to this usage.

Pinkney, in reply. If the insured was not obliged to carry on the commodities, and he would have had a right to abandon at the time, nothing" subsequent has de.vested it. The sole object of the memorandum clause is to exempt the insurer from liability for deterioration only, and the reason was the inherent tehdencyof these articles to decay. The destruction of the vehicle, and the destruction of the greater part of the things transported, justified

b 1 Caines' R. 211. Magrath & ITHggins v. Church. 3 Caines" 1Z. Neilson et al. v. The Columbian Insurance Co. 9 Johns. R. Sheiffelin v. The New-York Insurance Co. 2 Camp. XN.P. Cases, 623. Wilson v. The Royal Insurance Co. 7 East, 88. Anderson e) al..v. The Royal rnsurance Co.
r Ibid.

'CASES IN THE ,SUPREME COURT

1810.
'
Morean
V.

the abandonment.. None of the-cases cited apply to this case; atid theinsurer knew of the usage as
well, as the insured. If this case be determined not to be a case justifying abandonnent,, on account of the saving of so small a part, what case of abandonment of memorandum articles can exist? The abandniment was in time, because made in good faith, anid as soon as the insured knew of the peril,

March I1th. ' WASrHXGTON, J, dpliveIfed the opinion of the
.court, and, after statin& the facts, proceeded as follows:
All considerations connected with the loss of the cargo, ini respect to quantity qr value, iay,at once, be dismissed from the case. As to memorandum articles, the insurer agrees to pay. for a total loss only, the insured taking upon himself all partial losses without exception.
If the property arrive 'at the port of'discharge, reduced in quantity or value, to any amount, the loss cannot be said to be total in reality, and the insured eannot treat it as a total, arid demand an indemnity for a partial loss. There is no instance where the insured can demand as for a tot-' loss that he might not have declined an abandonment,, and demand a
partial loss. But if the property insured be includ-
ed within the memorandum, he cannot, under any circumstances, call upon the insurer for a partial loss, and, consequently, he cannot 'elect *to turn it into a total loss. These principles are clearly established by the case of Mason v. .kurrayd Neilson

d At. V. P. 1730. P,r,:. 116. .M'arkall, Condy's ed. 223.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

v. The Columbian Insurance Company,' Cocking v. 1816.

Frazer,

M'Andrews v. Vaughan, Dyson v. Row-

"' Moreau

croft, and Magrath and Huggins V.Church. . The TheVU.. .

only question that can possibly arise, in relation to Ins. Co.

memorandum articles, is, whether the joss was total

or not; and this can never happen where the cargo,

or a part of it, has been sent on by the insured, and

reaches the original port of its destination. Being

there specifically, the insurer has complied with his

engagements; every thing like a promise of indem-

nity against loss or damage to the cargo being ex-

cluded fi'om' the policy. If the question turn upon

the totality of the loss; unconnected with the subject.

of loss by deterioration of the cargo in value, or.re'-

duction iiquantity, there is no diflierence between .memorandum and other articles.. Ifthe loss be total

in reality, or is such as the insured is permitted to

treat as such, he is entitled to aoandon and recover

as for a total loss in the case of mem6randum arti-

cles, but always with this exception, that he is not

permitted to turn a partial, into a total loss. Keep.

ing this distinction in view, the loss of the Voyage

by capture, shipwreck, or otherwise, may be treated

as itotal loss. This is the doctrine in the case of

Pyson v. Rowcroft, in which the right to abandon was placed, not-upon the ground of deterioration of

the cargp, but upon the justifiable necessity which

resulted from it of throwing the cargo overboard :

e 3 Caines' Rep. 108. f g At..X. P. 1793. 1b. Rp. 196.
VOL.?1..

Park, 114. Marshal, 227., h 3 Boe. 4-Pul.474.

Condy's ed. i 1 Cain as'

2"26

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

.1816. this was, In effect, tthe same thing as if it had, in a

Morear storm, been swept from the deck. Trh--VU.. S. the case of Manning.. v. Newnhami

Such, too, was In Cocking v.

SFrazer no such necessity existed, and the breaking

up of the voyage was attempted to be justified by

the damaged state of the cargo, which, per se, did

not justify the insured in putting an end to the voy-

age, and thus to turn a partial loss, for which the in-

surer was not liable, infto a total loss. Magrath and

Huggins v. Church establishes the same doctrine.

Now, what is the present case ? The ship being

thrown on shore, within a mile or two from her port

of destination, the agent of the insured employs per-

sons to unlade as much of the cargo as could be

saved, and nearly one half"was, by his exertions,

landed, dried, pnd sent to the market at Lisbon, and

sold by the consignees at about one quarter the price

of sound corn, leaving a very inconsiderable sum fdr

the -owrier, after paying the expenses. Is not this

preci.ely the case of Neilson v. The Columbian In-

surance Company, and Anderson v. the same,.' with

this difference only, that in the first case the insured

declined sending on the c6rn, when he might have

done so, and, consequently,, he was not permitted to

turn a partial into a total loss by his own neglect;

and, in the latter case, part of the cargo having

been rescued from the wreck, befQre the offer to

abandon was made, the insured could not claim as

for a total loss, either on account of the injury which

j Park,, 169. k: 3 Calnes' Rep. 108.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the corn had sustained, or of his own act in not sending it forward to its port of destination. In the case now before the, court, the cargo which was saved was sent forward and sold at the port of its destina-
tion.

1816.
Morean
V.
The U. S. Ins. Co.

In addition to the cases above referred to, the cases of Biays v. the Chesapeake Insurance Conilpany,'

I February Term, 1813." This was an insurance on hides, "warranted by the assured free from average, unless general.". The declaration was for a total loss by perils of.the seas ; but it appeared in evidence that 3,288 hides (th .whole number insured being 14,565) were put on board of a lighter, to be transportetd from the vessel to their place ofdestination ; that the lighter, on the passage to the shore, was sunk, by which accident 789 of the hides, of the value of 4,000 dollars, were totally iost, and the residue,to the number of 2,491"were fished up and saved at the expense of .6,000 dollars, which were paid by the. insured. The hides,thus saved, were delivered to his agent, and sold on his account. The whole sum insured on the cargo vas 25,000 dollars. In delivering the opinion of the court,it was remarked by LIv.NGsTON, J., that whatever might have been the motive to the introduction of-this clause in policies -if insurance, whirb wag done as

early as.the-year 1740, and, most probably,-with the intention of protecting insurers against losses arising solely from a deterioration bf the article by its own perishable quality, or whatever ambigufty might once have existed, from the term average being used in differ. eat ser.ses, that is, as signifying a contributionto a general loss, and also a particularorpartialinjury falling on the subject insured, it was well *understood at th;. pre. sent day,. with respect to such articles, that underwriters are free from all partial losses, of every kind, which do not arise from a contribution towards a general average. Itonly remained, then, to examine, (and so the question had been properly treated at the bar) whether the hides which were sunk, and not reclaimed, constituted a total or partial lois, within the meaning of this policy: It.had Leen considered as total by the counsel for the insured, but the court could not perceive any ground for treatin" it in that wav.

228

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
Alorean
V.
The U. S. Ins. Co.

and Marcardier v. the same,.n in this court, arc strongly applicable to the present, and seem, in a

Inasmuch a out of many thousand hides which were on board, not quite 800 were lost, making in point of value somewbh- less than one sixth part of the sun insured. If there were no memorandum in the way, and the plaintiff had gone on to recover, as in that case he might have done, it was perceived at once that he must have bad judgment only for a partial loss, which would have been ecvivalent to the injury actually sUstaincd. But, without having recourse to any reasoning on the subject, the proposition appeared too tell evident not to command universal assent, that when only a part of a cargo, consisting all of the same kind of articles, is lost in any way whatever, 'and the residue (which in this case amounted to much the greatest part) arrives in safety at its port of destination, the loss cannot but be partial, and that it must forever be so as long as a part continues to be less than the whole. This, then, being a particular loss only, and not resulting from a general average, the court was of opinion that the defendants were not liable for it.
m February Term, 1814. This
was al action on a policy of insurance for 31,000 dollars, upon any kin~a of lawful goods on bcard

the brig Betsey, on a voyage from New-York to Nantz. The cargo was of the invoice value of 26;889 dollars, of which 7,439 dollars were in memorandum articles. The brig sailed on the voyage, but was compelled, by stress of weather, and other accidents, to bear away for the West Indies, and arrived at Antigua, where the master applied to the court of vice-admiralty for a survey; upon which thu cargo was landed, and ordered by the court to be sold for the benefit of the concerned.' Undcr this sale the net proceeds of the cargo amounted to 13,767 dollars, and of the memorandum articles to 6,863 dollars. The vessel was repaired Within a reasonable time, and capable of performing the voyage with the original cargo, but the master abandoned the voyage at Antigua. Of the cargo, 99 bags of coffee were spoiled and thrown overboard, and the residue grcatly damaged by the perils of the seas; and the whole cargo, including the memorandum articles, sustained a damage during the voyage, exceedinx a moiety of its original value. Vi ithin a reasonable time after receiving informa. tion of the loss, the plaintiff abandoued the wiole cargo to the underwriters. The plaintiff contend-

OF THE UNITED STATES.-

great measure, to settlb it. But it is contended, by the counsel for the plaintiff; that if the loss be such

ed that he was entitled t6 recover as tr a total loss of the cargo insured, including the memorandum articles. STORY. J., who delivered
the opinion of the court, stated, that a technical total loss might arise from the mere deterioration of the cargo, by any of the perils insured against, if the deterioration be ascertained at an intermediate port of necessity short of the port of destination. In such case, although the ship be in a capacity to perform the voyage, yet, if the voyage be not worth pursuing, or the thing insured .be so damaged and spoiled as to be of little or no value, the insured has a right to abandon the projected adventure, and throw upon the underwriter the unprofitable and disastrohs subject of insurance. It bad, therefore, been held, that if a cargo be damaged in the course of the voyage, and it appear that what has been saved is less in value than the amount of the freight, it is a clear case of a total loss.
rt did not, however, appear, that
the exact quantum of damage which shall authb6rize an abandonment as for a total loss, had ever become the direct subject of adjudication in the English courts. The celebrated Le Guidon. c. 7.
art. 1., 'considers that a damage exceeding the moiety of the value of the thing insured, is sufficient

to authorize an abandonment. This rule had received some countenance from more recent elementary writers ; and from its public convenience and certainty, had been adopted as the governing principle in some of the most respectable commercial states inthe union, and was now so generally established as not easily to be shaken. 1 Johns. Ca . 141. 1 Johns. Rep. 335. 406. .Marshallon Insurance, 562. note 92. Condy's edit. Park, 194. 6th edit. But this rule b.s been deemed not to extend to a cargo consisting wholly of memorandum articles. The legal effect of the memorandum is to protect the underwriters from all partial losses; and, if a loss by deterioration, exceeding a moiety in value, 'would authorize an abandonment, the great object of the stipulation would be completely evaded. It seems, therefore, to, be the settled doctrine, that nothing short of a total extinction, either physical or in value, of mbmorandum articles, at an intermediate port, would entitle the insured to turn the case into a total loss, where the voyage is capable of being performed. And, perhaps, even as to an extinction in value, where the\ commodity specifically remains, it might yet be deemed not quite settled, wbther under

1816.
PMorean
V.
The U. S. Ins. Co.

230

CASES IN THE SUPREAIE COURT

1816.
J

as that the insured might at one time have treated

it as total, it continues to be so, unless at the time

Mlorean

V.
The 1). S Ins. Co.

the like circumstances, it would tion ought not to prevail.. The authorize an abandonment for a underwriter is, in all cases of de-

total loss. The case before the court was of a mixed character. It embraced afticles of both de-

terioration, entitled to an exemption from partial losses on the memorandum articles; and, in

scriptions ; some within, and sdme vithout, 'he purview of the mesjeorandum. If, in such a case, a deterioration execeding a moiety

order to effectuate this right, it was necessary. where a technical total loss is sought to be maintained, upon the mere'ground of

in value, be a proper case of deterioration o( th, cargo, at an

tjechnical total loss, it will follow. intermediate port, to a moiety of

thaf' ip many cases, the under- its value, to exclude from that es-*

writei will indirectly be rendered timate all deterior.tibn of the

responsible for partial losses on memorandum articles. Upon this

the 0,emorandum articles. Sup- principle, in a cargo of a mixed

pose, in such a case, the damage character, no .abandonment for

to the memorandum articles were mere deterioration in value, du-

40 per cent., and to the other ar- ring the voyage, could be valid,

ticles 10 per cent., in the whole unless the damage on the non-

amounting to half the value of memorandum articles exceeded a

the cargo, the underwriter would moiety of the whole cargo, inclu-

be respmisible for a technical total ding. the memorandum articlea

loss, aind thereby made to bear The case was considered, as to the

the whole damage, from which underwriter, the same as thoughthe

the memorandum meant to ex- memorandum articles should eXist

empt him. Indeed, cases might in their original sound state. In

arise in which the damage might this way, full effect was given to

exclusively fall on memorandum the contract of the parties. The

articles; and, if it exceeded the underwriter would never be made

moiety in value of the whole cargo, responsible for partial losses on

might load him with the burthen memorandum artioles, however

of a partial loss, in manifest con- great; and the technical total

travention of the intention of the 1osses for which alone he could be

parties. A construction leading . iable, were such as stood unafrect-

to such a consequence could not ed by the perishable nature of

be admitted unless it be unavoid- the commodity which be insures.

able ; and the court were entire- _.2dmittiog, therefore, the rule to

ly satisfied that such a construe- ba correct, that the party has a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

when the ofler to abandon is made clear of the effects of the peril, and in a co-ndition to prosecute the voyage, it is restored to his possession. Now, this is certainly not the condition of property, Which, at the time of the offcr to abandon, is in the possession of a recaptor, who has a right to retain it until he is paid his salvage, But, in the present case, the corn never was out of te possession of the agents of the insured, who exercised every act of ownership over it, subject, nevertheless, to the laws 4nd customs of the country to which it- was sent, with whiclh the insurer and insured are supposed to have been acquainted at the -time they entered into this contract, and to which they impliedly agreed to submit. The cargo.which was landed, not only continued i the possession, and under the direction, of the agents of the insured, but it \vas relieved from the effectsof the peril, as between the insurer and insured. t.nd it was not only in a condition to prosecute the voyage, but it did in reality complete it. Upon the wholb, it is the opinion of the court that this is not such aloss as the defendants engaged to indemnily against. and that judgment should be given in their favour.

1816.
Moreau
The VU.. S.
Ins. io.

Judgment affirmed."

rlght to abandon when the depreciation exceeds a moiety of the value, the plaintiff had not brought himself within that rule, as applied to a cargo of a mixed nature, and there was, consequently, no total loss proved by the perils of the w;xs.

n We are informed by Tar.
c. 52. n. 18. p. 230, and Casarcgis, Disc. 47., that in the practice of Italy, in order to avoid the dieficulty of settling averages on perishable articles; the clause cxcluso getto et avaria, as it warailcd wz. intro.ucer., Tn

232

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. %
Moren V.
TIhnes.UC.oS..

French law requires goods, which, to abandon, such as capture, by their nature, are subject to stranding, shipwreck, &c. 1 Ene-

particular detriment or diminution, such as grain, salt, or merchandise subject to leakage, to be
specified in the policy, otherwise

24on, Trafil des Assurances, c. 126. s. 45, 46. -Pothierd'Assurance, No. 166. Valin sur L'Ordonnance, 1. 3. tit. 6., Des ,Assu-

the insurer is not liable for the damages or losses which may happen to these articles, unless

rances,art. 47. The origin of the English miembrandtm is referred by Sergeant Dunning, in the case

the insured was ignora.nt of the of Wilson et al. v. Smith, 3 Burr.

nature oi ,he cargo at the time 1551, to its "being better calcu-

th6 contract was made. Or- lated to deliver the insurers from

donnanwe de la Marine, 1. 3. tit. small averages, than adapting the

6. des Adfuraces, art. 31. Code premiu', to the nature of the com-

de Commerce, 1. 2. tit.10. art. modity, as it might happen to be

355. In the different ports of more or less liable to perish or "France, before the revolution, va- suffer; which method would have

rious clauses were inserted in the made the policy too complicated,

policy, excluding responsibility and which the Dutch bad at first

for losses not exceeding a certain tried, but afterwards altered."

per centage on such articles. At The English formula is'as follows:

Marseilles the insurers exempted "N. B. Corn, &c., are warrant-

themselves from average losses, ed free from average, &c., unless on certain voyages,, by a clause general, or the ship be stranded."

which was construed to extend The last words, or the ship be

both to 'general and particular siranded,' have been omitted for

average, on vessel or cargo. Un- several years in the forms of poli-

der this clausefranc d'avarie,the cies adopted by the English insu-

insurer was held answerable only rance companies, viz. the London

for an entire loss of the subject Royal Assurance, and the Royal

insured. It was, however, deter- Exchange Assurance. 2 Sel-

mined not to extend to any case of wyn's XN. P. 949. They are not

technical total loss, which by the inserted in the policies used in

French liw authorizes the insured the United States.

292
181 6.
W alden
V.
The Heirs of' Gratz.

OASES IN THE SUPREME COUWix.
(LOCAL LAW.j
WALDEN V. THE HEIRS op' GRATZ.

Under the Act of Assembly of Kentucky, of 1798, entitled, " An Act concerning champrty and maintenance," a deed will pass the title to lands, notwithstanding an adverse possession.
The statute of limitations of Kentucky, does not differ essentially from the English statute of the 21st James I. c. 1., and is to be coustrueE as that statute, and all other acts of limitation founded upon it, have been construed. The whole possession must be taken together; when the statute has once begun to run it continues, and i6 adverse possession under a survey, previous to its being carried into grant, may be connected with a subsequent possession.

ERROR to the circuit court fbr the disti-ict of Kentucky. This was an action of ejectment in which the defendants in error were the lessors of the plaintiff in the court below. The declaration in eject-
ment was returned to the -November term of that court, 1813. At the May term, 1814, the suit was abated as to one defendant; judgment by default was entered against Joseph Day, another defendant; arid the defendants were admitted to defend instead of the casual ejector. The lessors of the plaintiff claimed under a patent issued to John Craig, in November, 1784. On the 20th of April, 1791, John Craig conveyed the lands mentioned in the declara! tion, in trust, to Robert Johnson, Elijah Craig, und the survivor of them. On Ihe IIth of February, 1813, Robert Johnson. styling himself surviving

OF THE UNITED STATES.

trustee, conveyed to the lessors of the plaintifl: 'Ihe 18.

defendants below, now plaintiffs in error, claimed "

under a patent issued to John Coburn in Scjtember, 1795, founded on a survey made for Bdnjamin Ne-

V.
Gratz.Heirso

therland in May, 1732. John Coburn, claiming

under the said survey, entered thereon about the

year 1790, and dwelt in a house within the limits

of said survey, but without the lines of Craig's patcat.

On the trial, the counsel for the defendants below

moved the court to instruct the jury,

Ilst. That if the defendants, and those under whom

they claim, were ini the actual adverse 'possession of

the lands in question, at the making of the deed by

Craig's trustee to the lessors of the plaintiff, that

deed did not pass such title as would enable tiem to

recover in this suit.

2d. That if the defendants', and those under whom

they clairn,'were in the actual adverse possession of

the lands in question, at the making of the deed by

Craig's trustee to the lessors of the plaintiff, and had

held such adverse possession for twenty years next

befbre said time, that said deed did not pass such title

as would enable the plaintiffs to recover in this suit.

3d. That if the defendants, and those under whom

they claim, have had possession of the land in ques-

tion, or any part thereof, for twenty years next be-

fore the commencement of this suit, that the plaintiff

cannot -recover the lands so possessed for twenty

years.

On the two first points, tlc court instructed the

jury that, according to the principles of the common

law, the deed from Craig's trustee to the lescrq of,

294

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. the plaintiff, would not pass the title to the lessors of WWalden the plaintiff; but that under the operation of the act The Hve.irs of of assembly of the state of Kentucky, of 1798, the GraL said deed was valid, and did pass the title to the les-
sors of the plaintiffs,, notwithstanding the adverse possession of the defendants. The court refused to give the last instruction applied for. but did instruct the jury that if Coburn entered upon the land in con-
troversy, under the survey on which his patent was founded, and he, and those holding under him, held the said lands for twenty years and upwards, prior to
tr.L. commencement of this suit, yet, as the patent to Coburn did not issue until 1795, such p6ssession could not avail the ,defendants claiming. under the said Coburn, but that the plaintiffs could recover, notwithstanding such possession. To these opinions and instructions, given by the court, the counsel for the defendants below excepted, and the cause was hirought by writ of error into this court.

Hardin, for the plaihtiff in error, and defenuant in ejectment. 1. No person out of possession canigrant; First, because. at common law there must be livery of geisin. Secondly, because the grantee could not purchase a mere right of action. Coburn was in possession adversely; therefore, the deed from Ciaig's trustee to the lessors of the plaintiffs was void. 2. T2he limitation of twenty year's possession by the defendant before notice of the ejpctment was a complete bar. 3. The deed of trust was joint, and it was incumbent upon the plaintiff to prove that one of the ftrstees was dead. The recital in the deed of con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

veyance that E. Craig was dead, was 'no sufficient

.

evidence of that fact, except as between the grantoSr Walden

and grantee. 4. There is error in the judgment by V.

default against Day.

Ther-eirso

'Hughesand Talbot,contra. 1. Before the act- of 1798, " concerning champerty and maintenance," no title could pass without an actual possession of the grantor; but this statute has abrogated the common law in that particular. But, in fact, Coburn was not in possession adversely, and a grant from the commonwealth of vacant lands, gives the patentee a right to convey. 2. A person leaving it equivocal what his possession was, cannot have an instruction in his favour. It doeinot appear what part the defendmnt possessed, nor was the instruction asked under an adverse possession. Twenty years' possession was no bar: the local courts adhere to the English principle, that when the statute has oncc begun to run, it continues; but the act of assembly difflers materially from the English act of 21 James I. c. 1.: and, after the statute has begun to' run, it stops i the title passes to a person under any legal disability, and recommences after the disability igremoved.

MARSHALL, Ch. J., delivered the opinion of the Mar-., iath. court, and, after stating the facts, proceeded as follows:
The act of assembly, on which. the opinion of thet court below, on the first question, was given, is entitled, " An act concerning champerty and mainteRance." It enacts. 4"that no person purrhasing, or

296

CASES IN THE SU PREME COURT

1816. procuring an interest in any legal or equitable claim

'

'to land held, &c., shall be precluded from prosccu-

Walden

or dfending said cV under such p

or

v ino

aim,

purchase

The Heirs of

Gratz. contract ; neither shall any suit, or suits, brought to

establish such purchase, or make good the title to

such claim, be considered as coming within the pro-

visions, either at common law or by statute, against

champerty or maintenance," &c. This court is of

opinion, that this statute enabled the lessors of the

plaintiff to maintain a suit in their own name for the

lands conveyed to them, and that there is no error

in~this instruction of the circuit court.

On the third questiQn the circuit court ihistructed

the jury that an adverse possessioniunder a survey:

previous to its being carried into grant, could not be

connected with a subsequent possession, but thht the

computation must commence from the date of the

patent. In giving.this opinion, the court unquestion-

ably erred. No principle can be better settled than

that the whole possession niist be taken together.

The counsel for the defendants in error have

endeavoured to -sustain this (pinion by a construc-

tion of the statute of" limitations of Kentucky.

They contend, that after the statute has begun to

run, it stops, if the title passes to a-person under any

legal disability, and recommences after such disabili-

ty shall be removed. This construction, in the opi-

nion of this court, is not justified by the words of the

statute. Its language does not vary essentially fiom

the language of the statute of James, the construe-

tion of which has been well settled; and it is to be

construed as that statute. and all other acts of liwi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tation founded on it, have been construed. This 1816.

court is, therefore, of opinion, that there is error in Walden

the instruction given by the circuit court to the jury The Hve.irso

en the third prayer of the plaintiff in error0.

Gratz.

It has been contended by the counsel for the plain-

tiff, that there is also error in the judgment rendered

against Joseph Day by default; but of his case the

court can take no notice, as he is not one of the

plaintiffs in error, and the judgment rendered

against him is not before us. The judgment must

be reversed for error in the directions of the court

to the jury on the third point, on which instructions

,'ere given.

JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heerd on the transcript of the record, from the circuit court for the district of Kentucky, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof this court is of opinion, that there is error in the proceedings and judgment of the circuit court in this, that the judge thereof directed the jury that the tenants in possession could not connect their adverse possession previous to the date of the patent under which they claimed with their adverse possession subsequent thereto, but in the length of time. which would bar the action could compute that only which had passed subsequent to the emanation of their grant. Wherefore, it is considered by the court, that the judgment of the cir-

a Vide 4 7T. .. 300. Doe, ex tem. Durouse, v. .ones,
VOL. ,P

298
816.
"The
tIarrison.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
cult court be reversed and annulled, and that the cause be reiianded to the circuit court, with direct tiois to award a new trial thferein.

"udgment reyersed.

(PRIZE.)
The HarriSon.-HERBERT,Clairant,
if the national 'character of property, captured and brought in kx adjudicatioi., appears ambiguous or neutral, and no claim is inter. posed, the cause is postponed for a year and a day 4fter the prize proceedings are commepeed; and if no claimant appears withig that time, the property is condemned to the captors.
Yu prize causes this court has an appellate jurisdiction only, and a claim cannot for the first time be interposed here; but where the court below had proceeded to adjudication before the above period had elapsed, the cause was remanded to that court, with directions to allow a claim to be filed therein, and the libel to be amended, &c.
APrV.AL from the circuit court for the district of Maryland. The libel filed by the captors, in this case, in the district court, alleged, that the goods for -which condemnation was sought, were captured and taken put of a Spanish vessel. No claim was filed for the goods in either otf the courts below. But, upon'the hearing, the district court dismissed the libel, upon the ground, that the property, to whomwoever belonging, was protected by the 15th article

1816.
Patton's Lesmce
tt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
John Shore, deceased, and Reuben M. Gillian, as he is administrator of-the goods and eficts of Andrew
Tarbone, deceased. -2d. !n the case of Thomas Shore and another
against Joseph Jones and others, that the representative of the late survcyor, in right of his intestate, was entitled to receive one moiety of that portion of the penalty in the proceedings mentioned, which is by law to be distrib, ted among the several revenue officers of 'the district wherein the penalty was incurred.

(LOCAL LAW.)
PATTON'S Lessee v. EASTON.
Under the act of the legislature of Tennessee, passed in 1797, to explain an act of the legislature of North Carolina, of 1715. a possession of seven years is a bar only when held under agrant,or a deed founded on, a grant.
The act of assembly vesting lands in the trustees of the town of l.shville, is a grant of those lands, and when the defendant shovi d no title under the trustees, nor under any other grant, his possession of seven years was held insufficient to protect his title, or bar that of the plaintiff under a conveyance from the trustees.
ERROR to the circuit court for the district of West Tennessee. This was an ejectment for one moiety of a lot of land lying in Nashville. The cause was argued at February term, 1815, by Humplhries and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Jones, for the plaintiff in error, and by P. B. Key and 1816.

Swann, for the defeidant, and was continued for ad-

visement to the present term.

Patton's Lessee

V1. Easton
MARSHALL, CTL J., delivered the opinion of the March 218t

court.

The legislature of North Carolina, while Tennes-

see was a part of that state, passed an act establish-

ing the tbwn of Nashville, and vesting 200 acres of

land in trustees, to be laid off in lots, and sold, and

conveyed in the manner prescribed by the act. On

the 1st of July, 1784, subsequent to the passage of

the act establishing the town, the trustees executed

a deed regularly conveying the lot, for a moiety of

which this suit was brought to Abednigo Lbwellin.

On the 1st of April, 1810, Shadrack Lewellin, heir

at law'of Abednigo, who had then attained his full

age of twenty-one years, for seven years and upwards,

executed a deed conveying the land-in controversy to

Francis May; after which, and previous to the insti-

tution of this suit, Francis May conveyed the same

land to the lessor of the plaintiff. The defendant

produced a deed dated the 2d of Februai-y, 1793,

executed by a certain Josiah Love, and purporting

to convey the land in controversy to William T.

Lewis. It appeared in evidence that Lewis had

purchased the land fairly, and paid a valuable con-

sideration for it, and that at the time no person was

in possession of it. Immediately after this convey-

ance, Lewis entered into, and took full possession of.

the premises, made valuable improvements thereon,

and continued so possessed until the 14th of Februa

478
1816. ,P"a-t'-to' n's Lessee
T.
Easton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUfT
ry, 1810, when he sold and conveyed the same to William Easton, the defendant, who entered into and took possession, and continued peaceably possessed thereof, until the 12th of November, 1810, when this suit was instituted. Upon this testimony, the defendaw's counsel moved the court to instruct the jury that the defendant was protected in his possession of the premises by the laws of the land, and that by virtue of the said laws the plaintiff was barged from recovering the said parcel of gmrd awl premises. On this question the judges wore divided in opinion, which question and division have been certified to this court as prescribed by law.
The evidence is not so stated on the record as to present any point for the consideration of this court, other than the question whether a possession of seven years is, in this case, a bar to the plaintiff's action.
This question depends on the construction of an act of the legislature of Tennessee, passed in the year 1797, to explain an act of the legislature of North Cardlina, passed in the year 1715.
The ct of 1715, after affirming, in the first and second sections, certain irregular deeds, previously made, under which possession had been held for seven years, enacts, iii the third section, " thai no person, or persons, or their heirs, which hereafter shall have any: right, or title, to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall thereunto enter or make claim, but within seven years after his, her, or heir right or title shall descend or accrue; and in

OF THE UNITED STATES.
default thereof such person or persons so not entering or making default shall be utterly excluded and disabled from any entry or claim thereafter to be made." The fourth section contains the usual savings in favour of infants, &c., who are authorized within three years after their disabilities shall cease "to commence his or her suit, or make his or her entry." Persons beyond s... are allowed eight years after their return; "but that all possessions held without suing such claim as aforesaid, shall be a perpetual bar against all and all manner of persons whatever, that the expectation of heirsmay not, in a short time, leave much land unpossessed, and titles so perplexed that no man will know from whom to take or buy land."
The judges and lawyers of the stete of North Carolinha have been much divided on the construction of this. act; some maintaining that, like other acts of limitation, it protects mere naked possession; others, that.the first and second sectio's (which are retrospective) have such an inflhence on the third and fourth, (which are prospective,) as to limit their operation to a possession acquired and held by colour of title. This court- is relieved from an investigAtion of these doubts by a case decided in the supreme court of North Carolina, in which it was finally determined that the act of 1715, afforded protection to those only who held by colour of title. *This contest was maintained as strenuously in Tennessee after its separation from North Carolina as in the present state. Anterior to the decision of the supreme '-eurt of North Carnina. which has been mentioned

1816.
Patfon's LeVss. ee
Eastoz.

480

CASES IN THE SU.PRFIId COURT

1816. the legislature pas*sed an act to settle "the true conPatron''ss truction of the existing laws .respecting seven yearsi
Lessee. possession," in which it is enacted, "that in all cases

Easton,

wherever any person, or persons, shall have had seven years' peaceable possession of any land, lnj vir-

tue of a grant, or deed of conveyance founded upon a

grant, and no legal claim by suit'in law, by such, set

up to said land, within the above term, that. then,

and in that case, the person, or persons, so holding

possession :s afbresaid, -shall be entitled to hold pos-

session in preference to all other claimants, such

quantity of land as shall be specified in his, her, or

their, said grant, pr deed of conveyance, founded on

a grant as aforesaid." The act then proceeds to

bar the claim of those who shall neglect, for. the

term of seven years, to avail themselves of any title

they .may have. As not unfrequently happens, this

explanatory law generated as many. doubts as

the law it was intended to explain. On thb one

part it was coniended, that being designed for the

sole purpose of reiioving all uncertainty respecting

the 'construction of the act of 1715, its provisions

ought to be limited to its avowed object, and a doubt

had never. existed whether it was necessary for a

person in possession to show more than a colour of

title, a deed acquired in good faith, in order to pro-

tect himself under that act; so, nothing farther

ought to be required in order to enable him to avail

himself of the act of 1797. That if it should be

necessqtry to trac'e a title'up to a grant, the act of

1797, instead of quieting possession, would, in pro-

cess of time, strip a very long possession of that pro-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tectmk quality which the policy of ill other countries bestowed upon it; that the act of 1797, wasobviously drawn with so much carelessness as, in some of its parts, to exclude the possibility of a literal construction; and, for this reason, . more liberal construction would be admissible in order to effect its intent. It was, therefore, insisted not to be neces-
sary for the defendant, holding possession under a bonafide conveyance of lands which had been actually granted, to deduce his title from the grant; but that it was sufficient to show that the land had beefi granted, and that he held a peaceable possession. of seven years under a deed. On the other part it was" contended, that, on this point, there is no ambiguity in the words of the act. The seven years' possession, to be available, must be ,"'byvirtue of a grant, or of a deed founded on a grant." It is.as essential that the deed should be founded on a grant, as that a deed should exist. A possession of seven years does no more in the one case than in the other bar a legal title. The words of the act being perfectly clear; they must be understood in. their natural sense. When confined to different deeds, founded on the same patent, or to deeds founded on different patents, for the same land, although -some cases of fair possession may be excluded from their operation, yet they will apply to the great mass of cases arising in the country.
This question, too, has, at length, been decided in the supreme court of the state. Subsequent to the division of opinion on this question, in the circuit court, two cases have been decided in the supreme

1816.
Patton'a Lessee Eston.

Vo. L

3 P

482
1816. Ross andd MorVr.ison Reed

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
court for the state of Tennessee, which have settled the construction of the act of 1797. It has been decided, that a possession of seven years is a bar only
when held "under a grant, or a deed founded on a grant." The deed must be connected with the grant. This court concurs in that opinion. A deed cannot be "founded on a grant" which gives a title not derived in law or equity from that grant;- and the words founded on a grant,are- too important to be discarded. The act of assembly vesting lands in the trustees of the town of Nashville, is a grant of those lands, and as the defendant shows no title under the trustees, nor under any other granit, his possession of seven years cannot protect his title, nor bar that of the plaintiffi And this is to be certified to the circuit court for the district of West Tennessee.
Certificate for the plaintiff.

(LOCAL LAW.)
Ross AND MORRISON v. REED.
Where the plaintiff in ejectment claimed title to lands in the state of Tennesspe, under a grant from said state, dated the 26th of April, 1809, founded on an entry made in the entry taker's office, of Washington county, dated the 2d of January, 1779, in the name of J. M'Dowell, on which a warrant issued on the 17Th of May, 17'9, to the plaintiff, as the assignee of J.M'Dowell, and the defendants claimed under a grant from the state of North Carolina, dated the

482
1816. Ross andd MorVr.ison Reed

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
court for the state of Tennessee, which have settled the construction of the act of 1797. It has been decided, that a possession of seven years is a bar only
when held "under a grant, or a deed founded on a grant." The deed must be connected with the grant. This court concurs in that opinion. A deed cannot be "founded on a grant" which gives a title not derived in law or equity from that grant;- and the words founded on a grant,are- too important to be discarded. The act of assembly vesting lands in the trustees of the town of Nashville, is a grant of those lands, and as the defendant shows no title under the trustees, nor under any other granit, his possession of seven years cannot protect his title, nor bar that of the plaintiffi And this is to be certified to the circuit court for the district of West Tennessee.
Certificate for the plaintiff.

(LOCAL LAW.)
Ross AND MORRISON v. REED.
Where the plaintiff in ejectment claimed title to lands in the state of Tennesspe, under a grant from said state, dated the 26th of April, 1809, founded on an entry made in the entry taker's office, of Washington county, dated the 2d of January, 1779, in the name of J. M'Dowell, on which a warrant issued on the 17Th of May, 17'9, to the plaintiff, as the assignee of J.M'Dowell, and the defendants claimed under a grant from the state of North Carolina, dated the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
9th of August, 1787, it was determined that the prior entry might be attached to a junior grantso.as to overreach an elder grant, and that a survey haing been made, and a grant issued upon M'Doweli's entry, in the name of the plaintiff, calling him assigneee of M'Dowell wasfjrimafacieevidence that the entry vas the plaintiff's property; and that a warrant is sufficiently certain to be sustained, if the object* calledfor are identified by the tetimony, or unless the calls would equally well suit more than one place.

483-
1816.
Ross and Morrison
1r.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of East
Tennessee. The defendant in error, who was plaintiff in the
court below, claimed title under.a grant from the state of Tennessee, bearing date^:the 26th day of April, 1809, founded on an entry made in the entry taker's office of Washington county, ,No. 975, dated on the 2d day of January, 1779, in tlfe name. of Jbhn M'Dowell, for 500 acres of land, on which a warrant issued on the 17th day of May, 17,79. The defendants in the court below, now pla.intiffs in error, claim under a grant from the state of North Carolina to John Henderson, dated the 9th of August, 1787, and
a deed of conveyance from John Henderson to the defendant, Ross, duly executed and registered. Morrison held as tenant under Ross.
At the trial of the cause, a bill of exceptions was taken by the defendants, in which was stated a transcript taken fiom the book procured from the office of the secretary of state of the United States, which contains reports of the lands entered in Sullivan and Washington counties; also a copy of the wa'rrant
issued to John M'Dowell for 500 acres of land, both of which are certified by the clerk to the commissioner of East Tennessee. Also- the grants under

CASES IN THE SUPRME COURT

1816.
Ross and MorVrtis.on
Reed.

which each party claims, the deed of conveyance
from Henderson to Ross, together with the viva voce testimony of the witnesses produced. Itthen
proceeds to state "that the defendants contended, ls{, That having the eldest grant, the plaintiff could not recover, unless he had shown a prior entry, which the law would consider special for the place now claimed, and produced satisfactory evidence 'that the right was vested in him. That as no proof had been given that Reed had ever purchased or paid any consideration for M'Dowell's entry, he could not, in virtue of that entry, entitle himself to a verdict.
That the mere statement in the survey and grant that Reed.was assignee of M'Dowell, was no evidence whatever of that fact. 2d. That if such proof had been given, still he could not recover, because the proof shoiys that the objects called for in the entry existed at two places, some distance from each other; and, therefore, the entry was ambiguous and doubtful. But the court charged and instructed the jury that the circumstance of a survey having been made, and a grant issued upon M'Doweli's entry, in the name of Reed, calling him assignee of M'Dowell, was primafacie evidence that the entry was. the property of Reed. And that it was true it the calls in an entry would equally well suit more than one place, it would not be considered special for either place ; but it was for the jury to determine, from the evidence, whether the place spoken of on the south side of Holston would as well suit the calls of-Ihe entry as the one on the north side ; and that, except for J[.imes King.s testimony, he hd hardly

OF THE UNITED STATES.

485

ever heard an. entry better established than the one now under cnsideration."
There was a verdict and judgment in favour of the plaintiff, and the cause was brought up. to this court by writ of error.

i15. %490and
Ross and MorVr.ison
Red.

TODD, J., delivered the opinion of the court.

Mrch 21st.

It is now objected by the plaintiffs in error, that

the transcript first mentioned contains nothing but a

naked designation. of number, date, person's name,

and number of acres, but no description of the land

whatever; not even specifying the county where

situTaote.this objection it may be answered, that it is a

fact, which will appear from the reports of cases de-

cided in the courts of Tennessee, that the books con-

taining entries for land in the counties of Sullivan

and Washington have been lost or destroyed. It is

also a fact that the original of the transcript under

consideration was directed, by a statute of Tennes-

see, to be procured and deposited in the commis-

sioner's office; and copies therefrom, certified by the

clerk, are declared to be evidence in the courts of that

state; but a conclusive answer is furnished by an

exaimination of the bill of exceptions: it was not ob-

jected to in the court below.

The same answers may also be given to the objec-

tion taken to the copy of the warrant.

Under the laws of North Carolina for appropria-

ting the vacant lands, an entys made with the entry

taker before a warrant issues: the warrant describes

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. :"Ros andd MoVrr.ison
Reed.

the land specified in the entry: the special or locative calls for appropriation of the land can be seen and examined as well from a view of the warrant as
from the entry. In consequence of various frauds respecting warrants, they were by law to be submitted to a board of commissioners, and if decided to be valid, the original was deposited with the commissioner, and copies, certified by the clerk, were to be received in evidence. The copy of the warrant, in this case, corresponds with these regulations, and was properly received, nor was it objected to in the court below.
The practice in the courts of Tennessee, of attaching a prior entry to a junior grant, to overreach an elder grant in an action of ejectment, was brought into the view of, and recognized by, this court, in the case of Polk v. Hill etal.; it is, therefore, not now to be departed from.
The location in this case, upon the face of thq warrant, appears to be sufficiently certain to be sustained, if the objects called for are identified by the testimony, or unless the calls would equally well suit more than one place. These were questions properly submitted to the jury; there was, therefore, no error in the charge and instruction given on this point. Nor was there error in the residue of the instruction. It is a general principle to presume that public officers act correctly until the contrary be shown. It must, therefore, be presumed that the officer, when he surveyed M'Dowell's entry, in Reed's name, had sufficient evidence produced to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

487

satisfy him that Reed was the-owner of it, and this presumption is increased by the act of another officer
in issuing the grant; these circumstances furnished printafiieevidence, at least, that he was the owner.

1816.
Ross aad Alorrisou
Rie.!

.JTudgment affirmed.

300
1816. Harden
V. Fisher.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
parties who have litigated in the court below. We are all, therefore, of opinion that this cause ought to be remanded to the circuit court, with directions to allow the claim to be filed in that court; and, also,
to allow the libel to be amended so as to conform to the general allegation of prize, and enable the captors to obtain condemnation of the property, if the asserted claim shall not be sustained, and the property shall not appear entitled to the protection of the Spanish treaty.
Case remanded.'

a Vide ArPErNix, note II.

(COM MON LAW.)
HfARDEN v. FISHER ET AL.
Under the 9th article of the treaty of 1794, between the United States
and Great Britain, by which it is provided that British subjects, holding lands in the United States, and their heirs, so far as respect those lands, and the remedies incident thereto, should not be considered as aliens; the parties must show that the title to the land for which the suit was .commenced was in them, or their ancestors, at the time the treaty was made.
ERROR to the circuit court for the district of NewYork. This case was argued, with great learning and ability, by Hoffman, for the plaintilT in error, and defendant in ejectment, and by Stockton for the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
defendants in error, and plaintiffs iu ejectment. .*ut as the court gave no judgment upon the.points discussed, the argument has been omitted. 

1816.
H ar FisVhe.r.

MARSHALL, Ch. J., delivered the opinion of the March loth court.
This is an action of ejectient, brought by the defendants in error, in the circuit court for the district of New-york, to recover certain lands, which they claim as the heirs of Donald Fisher, deceased. A special verdict was found in the case, which shows that Donald Fisher was a British subject, residing in the city of New-York, and departed this life in the,/year 1798, leaving the lessors of the plaintiffs in ejectment his heirs- at law, who are, also, British subjects. The plaintiffs, being thus found to be British subjects, are incapable of maintaining an action for real estate in the state of New-York, unless they are enabled to do so by the 9th article of the treaty between the United States and Great Britain, made in the year 1794, which provides that British subjects, holding lands in the United States, and their heirs, so far as respects those lands, and the legal remedies incident thereto, should not be considered as
aliens. To a ail themselves of this treaty, the lessors of the plaintiff below must show that their ancestors held the lands for which this suit was instituted, at the time when it was made. The court does not mean to say that they must show a seisin in fact, or an actua.I possession of the land, ,but that the title was in him at the time. This must be

302
1816.
'
Hiarden
V.
lzsher.

CASES IN THE SUPREI 1 COURT
shown in order to bing the case within the protec, tion afforded by the treaty.
The jurors find that Donald Fisher was, on the 1st day of January in the year 1777,, seised in his
demesne, as of fee, of the lands and tenegients in the declaration mentioned, and was in the actual.possession thereof, and continued so seised and possessed, until the rendering the judgment herein after mentioned.
On the 17th day of April, in the year 1780, the grandjury, for the county of Charlotte, in the state of New-York, found an indictment, stating 'that Donald Fisher (who is the ancestor, under whom the lessors of the plaintiffs claim) did, on the 14th day of July, in the year 1777, voluntarily, with force and arms, adhere to the enemies of the state. The retord proceeds to state, that "the said Donald Fisher having, according to the form of the act of the Legislature, entiled ' at act for the forfeiture and'sale of the estates 6f-persons vho have adhered to the etnemies of.the state,' &c. been notified to appear and ;traverse the said indictment, and not having appeared and traversed within the time, and in the manner in and by the said act limited and required, it is, therefore, considered that the said Donald Fisher do forfeit all and singular the estate, both real and personal, whether ; possession, reversion, or remainder, had or claimed by him in this state." This judgment'was signed on the 29th day'of December, 1783, and is'the judgment referred to in the special 1verdict, as herein' before mentioned. Under these proceedings the lands in the declaratio:0 mentioned

OF THE UNITED STATES.3

303

were sold, and the defendants, in the court below, hold under that sale.
There are other points raised in the special verdict, and urged by counsel; but it will bc unnecessary to notice them, and the court does not mean to give any opinion on them. The court gave judgment for the plaintiffis below, and that judgment is now before this court on a writ of error.
- It is contended by the defendants in error that this judgment having been rendered subsequent to. the treaty of peace of 1783, and in direct repug-
nance thereto, is not merely voidable, but absolutely void. By the plaintiffs it is alleged to be voidable only.
This couft cannot now decide that question. The verdict does not find that Donald Fisher held his title until the treaty of 1794 was made, and although nothing is found to show that he has parted with it, yet the court Cannot presume that he did not part with it. The verdict ought to have shown that the title was in Donald Fisher when the treaty was made,
and oantinued in hipm to the time of his death. For this essential defeci, the verdict is too imperfect to enable the coprt-o decide on the case. The judgment of the circuit court must, *therefore,be rever8ed, and the cause remanded to that court, with directiQns to award a.venirefaciasde novo.

116.
Hardon
V.
Fisher.

JUDOMENT. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript Of the record of the circuit court for the district of New-York, and was argued by coun-

304
1816.
HHarden
v.
3Fsher.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sel; all which being considered, this court is of opinion that there is error in the judgment of the circuit court for the, district of New-York, in this, that the said court ought not to have rendered judgment
on the said verdict in favour of the plaintiffs in ejectnient, because it does not appear certainly, in the said verdict, that the ancestor, under whom they claim, held in law, or in fact, the' lands mentioned in the declaration, when the treaty of 1794, between the United States and- Great Britain, was made; therefore, it is considered. by this court, that the saidjudgnment be reversed, and annulled, and that the cause be remanded tb the circuit court, for the distric+ of New-York, with directions to award a vemirefaciasde novo.

Judgment reversed.

a Vide 11 Jons.Rep. 418. Jackson v. Decker.

(CONSTITUTIONAL LAW.)
MArLTi, Heir at law and devisee of FAIRFAX. V.HuNTER'S Lessee.
The appellate jurisdiction of the supreme court of the United States extends to a inal judgment or decree in any suit in the highest court of law or equity of a state; where is drawn in question the validity Of a treaty, or statute of, or an authority exercised under, the Uui.

61' THI UNITED STATZ$.

,ay berecovered, and that the value of merchandise varies so much at different times, and under iffterent circumstances,*as to q~der it frequently unjust tocom-
,o rqueotlcyou-njst ptl a specific performance. Bdt
w-here the question was, upon w4at tenms a party should be relieyed agpinst the penalty- of a

bond which had bedn forfejtel for not transferring stock at a given day, according to his agreement the English cout~t of chancery decreed him to transfer the 'stock dcred hm t trnsfr te sock in specie, and to' accovnt for all
dividends accrued since lie ought to have transferred it. 2 Vemn.
394. 1 Oro. ParZ. Gas. 19$'

.1&
Danforths Lessee V. Thomas.

(LOCAL LAW.)
DAN ORTH'S LESSEE .P.THoiMI"'.
'The net of assembly of North Carolina, passed Tetween the.year 178$ and 1789, avoids-all entries, surveys, and grants.of lands'iet apart for the Cherokee Indfans, artd no title can be thereby acquired to tuph lands.
The 'oundaries of the reservation have been altered by successive treaties with the Indians, but itseems that the mere extinguishment of their title did iot subject the land to appropriations, unless .e pressly authorized by the legislature.
ERROR to the circuit court for the district of East Tennessee.. This cause, depending mainly dn the same principles with the preceding case of. Presto v. Browder," was argued by Key for. the plaintiff, and by Jones for the defendant in error. -The.fact ge fully stated in the opinion of the court.
t Ante, p. 115-

-456

CAStS IN

sIESUPREME COURT

1816.
Danforth Lesseb
ThQm, Mrch 8th.

ToDD, J., delivered the opiniofi of the court az f.ollows:
This was an action of ejectment brought by thq plaintiff in error against the defendant in eli'or. On the trial of the'cause in the circuit coifrt, it appea-.

ed from evidence that the land in contoviers- 'Was - situate in the tract of country lyin south of Hol-

ston and French broad river, and between- the

rivers Tennessee and Big Pigeon, the Indian tittevto

%vhich'asextinauished- by 'he treaty 6f Holst,

The plaintiff claimed" by Virtue of a' grant, is-sueit

by the state*of North Carolina, beaing date thii 26th of December, 1791. The .defendant claim.

Vnder a grant from the state of Tennessee, bearing date the 2d of January, 1809. The defendant, by

his eounsel, obJ66tdd to the grant under w.i'h the Plaintif claiWmd title being admitted in eyidence, on

'the ground that it was for land which the laws of

North Carolina ha'd prohibited from being entered,

surveyed, or granted. The court sustained -& oh.

*jection, and prohibited the grant from going in eyi-

d6ie-to the jury; whereupon a verdict and judg-

ment was r'endered in favour of the-defendant. A ill or exceptions was taken to the. opinion",of the

ccourt, and the cause was brought up to 4his cou'tby

ywrit oferror.

tb

The correctness of the opinion of the circuit court depefids on the sound construction of the act of the

general aisembly Of the state "of North Carolina,

passed in 1183, c. 2. s. 5 and 6, whereby the lands,

jvithih certain limits'therein 'designat'ed, (including

the lands in controv'ersy) are reseryed for the Che-

F .THE UNITED $TATE1

161

yokee Indians, and the citizens prohibited from enter- 1816. ing. and suryeying lands within those liniits. It is Danforth't; contended, on the part of the plaintiff, that this act Lessee cannot be construed, nor did the legislature mean to Tbo*iai. give the Indians a right of property in ttie soil, but 2iierely the use and qajoyment of it. That the sue-. ceeding legislatures, by the acts of 1784, 1786, and 1789, have changed this reservation for the use of
the Indians, and given unlimited access, for tne purposes of making entries and surveys "to all lands not before specially located,". and io." all vacant lands" within the limits of the.state. Consequently, locations could be made, and grants issued to perfect titles of lands..lying within the limits of the Indian
reservation. Whether.the legislature had the power, or intend-
vd to give the Indians a rigbt of property in the soil, -or merely the use "andenjoynment of it, need not be inquired into, nor decided,-by this court; for it is perfectly clear, that the 5th section of the act of 1783, c; 2., prohibits .all persona from .making entries or surveys for any lands within the bounds set apart for-the Cherokee Indians, and declares all such entries and grants thereupon, if any should be made,
utterly void; They had the power, and have declared, unequivocally, an intention, to prohibit entries from being made within those reservations. The
several acts of 1784, 1786, and 1789, although they contain general expressions, which, if taken singly, might seem to sanction entries and surveys for " all lands not ibefore specially located," or to " all va-
cant lands ;" yet, when taken together, these gene-.

158

CASES IN THE SUPREM4E COURT

1816. ral expressions must be controlled by the restrictions " ~" and prohibitions as to the reservations for the Indian
)Danforth's
Lessee tribes. The reasoning used in tle case of Preston Toma. v. Browder, applies with equal, if not greater, pro-
priety, to this case. And, although at different periods different sections of these reservations have been subjected to appropriation by entries and surveys, it has been in consequence of the several treaties with the Indians, by which the boundaries of the reservations have been altered, arid the Indian claim extinguished; but it is believed, that the mere ex-
tizguishment of the Indian title did not subject the land to appropriation, until an act of the legislature authorized or permitted it. Whatever doubts this court might entertain on this subject, were they now construing these laws upon the first impression, that doubt would be removed on a view of the case of Avery v. Strother, in the Reports in Conference, p. 431., decided by-the judges of the supreme court-of North Carolina. This is a decision directly in point, made by the supreme court of the state, construing the laws brought into the view of this court, and is decisive of this case. And , as this court have been uniformly disposed to pay great respect to .he decisions of the state courts respecting titles to real es. tate, this decision has iHs full influence on the present question; and, therefore, the judgment of'the circuit rourt is unanimously affirmed with costs.

Judgment affirmed.

432

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.

Sentence as to the ship reversed; affirmed as to

Russelg Sthe cargo, except the Iczwood,, vhich was conv. demned.

Trustees of Transylva-
nia Univer* if a covcr is attempted for enemny's sity. property, by an intermixture with

knowledge of his principal, the property of his principal is con-.

21eutral,'it is held to subject the defihnable, (notwithstandingit may

whole to confiscation. 1 Caines' be distinguished by the papers,)

Rep. 565. Blagge v. The N. Y. and the warranty of neutrality is

Ins. Co. And ifthe general agent not fulfilled: 2 Binney, 308. The

of a neutral cargo covers enemy's Phcenix Ins. Company. v. Pratt

property in the same vessel, et al.

though tithoat the consent or

(CHANCERY.)
RUSSEL ET. AL V. The' Trustees of the TRANSYLVANIA
UNIVERSITY.
A question under a bill in chancery,.to obtain from the defendants a conveyance of a tract of land, in Kentucky, held by them as the property of the original grantee, confiscated to the state, and claimd by the plaintiffs under an equity arising from a sale made by the original grantee of another tract of land, to which it was alleged he erroneously supposed himsdlf legally entitled under the same warrant and survey. Bill dismissed.
APPEAL from the circuit court for the district of Kentucky. This cause was argued at - a former term, and continued to the present term tor advisement.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

JOHNsoN, J., delivered the opinion of the court as 1816.

follows:
The object of this bill is to -obtain a conveyance
from the defendants, of a tract of land in the state of' Kentucky, granted to one Alexander M'Kee, through whom both parties claim. The survey was

.Russel
v.
Trustees of Transylvansiitay. Univer-
March ?lst.

made under a warrant from Lord Dunmore, then

governor of Virginia, issued the 2d of April, 1774I.

The comaplainants claim under a chain of title regu-

larly deduced from M'Kee; the defendants, under

an act of the legislature, vesting. M'Kee's lands in

them as confiscated property. But it appears, and

is explicitly acknowledged in the bill, that the con-

veyance from M'Kee describes, by metes and bounds,

a tract of land wholly different from that which the

trustees hold. This court feels. no difficulty in con-

ceding, that whatever equity the complainants hive

a right to claim against M'Kee, this court is bound

to decree against the trustees; for the act of the

legislature could only have been intended to ope-

rate upon the interest of M'Kee, and not to defeat

the rights of those who held, or might claim, the

land to the prejudice of M'Kee himself.

The equity set up by the complainanta depends

upon the following allegations: that the warrant

was placed in the hands of one Douglas, a surveyor.

That under that warrant, together with a number of

others then in his hands, he surveyed what, in that

country, is called a 6lock of iurieys, (by which we

understand a number of connected and dipendent

surveys, each containing the same quantity of land.)

That in.,this 4Jock of surveys were contained botb

VOL. T

S !

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1816. that which was conveyed to the claimants, and that Russel which the defendants hold, each of 2,000 acres.
v. The bill then proceeds in the following words:
Trustees of
'ransylva- " That the said M'Kee, who resided at a great disnia Univer- tancc fiom the land in question, was furnished with
sity.
a boundary of a 2,000 acre survey, agreeably to that which is contained in his aforesaid deed as the boundary of his 2,000 acre survey." " And, afterwards, without his knowledge, the surveyor substituted the 2,000 acres which is described in the survey; for that which was originally intended for him." But they aver, " that it was the intention of the par-
ties to the said deed, that by it should pass the 2,000 acre survey, by whatever boundary described, to which the said M'Kee was entitled under the warrant granted to him as aforesaid." By the land laws of Virginia, the return of the surveyor into the office is the only legal identification of the larid on wv.hich -the right of the individual attaches. So that the warrant of Lord Dunmore being a general, not a specific warrant, there can be no doubt that M'Kee never acquired any right, legal or equitable, in the land described in his conveyance. It is also admitted that the land, of which the defendants are seised, was M'Kee's land, and derived to him through a warrant of Lord Dunmore, and a survey made by Douglas; so that if the other material allegations of the bill were supported by evidence, it is possible t.at thig court might be induced to think the complainants' case a good one.
As to the fa t that the description by which M'Kee sold to tle complainants was the first com-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

435

municated to him, this court can attach to it no im- 1816.

portance; for, independently of its being unsupported

by proof, it is not alleged by whom the communica- V.

tion was made.

Trustees of
Nor, if it had been made by the Transylva-

surveyor, is it shown to us that it would have bound nia Univer-

him in making his return; or, if obligatory upon him,

that it would have affected the rights of a third per-

son claiming under the return actually made into the

office.

As, then, it is admitted that the description in

M'Kee's conveyance designates a tract wholly dif-

ferent from that held by the defendants, the whole

equity of the complainants must depend upon the

alleged intention of the parties, M'Kee and Ross, at

the time when the former conveyed to the latter.

And here we find the case wholly unsupported by

proof. It is only in the conveyance itself, in the an-

swer of the defendants, or the extrinsic evidence in

the cause, that we can look for proof of such inten-

tion. A conveyance of all M'Kee's lands, surveyed

under a warrant, specifically described, might have

placed the complainants on a different ground. But

the deed does not specify the date of.the warrant,

the number of acres, nor the person to whom it issu-

ed. The words are, (after describing the metes and

bounds,) " surveyed by virtue of a warrant from un-

der the hand and seal of John, Earl of Dunmore, un-

der the king's proclamation of 1763." Now, non

constat, but that the warrant here referred to, may

have pas-,-d through a long course of conveyances

down to M'Kee. Nor does the deed state that the

land was surveyed for M'Kce, and so car may have

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1816. been perfectly consistent with the survey returned Sin fa'vour of another person. The deed itself, then,
Russel
V. furnishcs no evidencce of intention, and the answer Trustees of does no't admit it.
Trn ylva-
nia Uuivcr- But it is contended that the decr-, taken in con-
sity.
nexion with one of the certified facts, " that but one of Lord Dunore's warrants ever issued to M'Kee; that but one survey of 2,000 acres was ever returned in his name under that warrant; and that this was the only survey of 2.000 acres to be found in the office, in M'Kee's name, under any warrant," shows that he must have intended to convey that surveyed forhim, and no other. But the majority of the court think otherwise. Had the deed described the land conveyed, as.a tract of 2,000 acres surveyed for M'Kee himseif, there might have been some ground for this argument. But the deed is not so expressed; and, for aught we know, M'Ke may have been propfidtor of many grants surveyed under Dunmore's warants, in the name of others, and conveyed to him. Such an intention ought not to be inferred from slight circumstances,.nor precipitately acted
upon. Where A. conveys to B., by metes.and bounds, the circumstances ought to be very strong to prove that he meant to convey any other lands than those specifically described, before this court would be induced to set aside one deed, and decree the execution of another. If the vendee may set up such a 'ground of equity, the vendor may do the same; and the intrinsic difficulties which such investigations w 'ild present, would make it generally better to leuve the parties to their remedy at law.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
If a person, supposing himself possessed of a specific 1816. tract of land. in a' certain neighbourhood, shouldrit Russel contract for the sale of that land to another, it V. does by no means follow that he would have sold Trustee of him any other tract, in the same vicinity, to which, nia Univerwithout his knowledge, he was then entitled, sity. much less that he would have'sold it for the same price. It is a consideration of no little importance in this case that the bill expressly alleges M'Kee's ignorance of the actual return of the survwyor. Arid on what ground are we to presume that if he had known it he would have sold -he tract which it covered at all, or sold it at the price expressed in the deed to Ross ? Its value -might have 1 een treble that of the other, and there is reason to think that this court would have been induced, under very strong circumstances only, to decree .in favoiir of those complainants against M'Kee himself. The sale ofC a warrantor of any survey that may be made under a warrant, would be in the nature of a wager or speculation, and might be sustained. But where an individual, supposing his warrant located on black acre, when it is, in fact, located on white acre, conveys the former by metes and bounds, it must be a strong case that will sanction a court in setting aside the conveyance of the one, and decreeing that of the other. It is in vain to say, in this case, that the defendants are bound to show that M'Kee ever had, in fact, an interest in any survey of 2,000 acres beside the one in litigation. The answer puts the complainants on their proof, and it is trom them that the evidence is to proceed upon which our decision is to be

438

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. founded. Besides, how are the defendants to be

Rtussel conusant of, a fact like this ? Their privity forces

V.
Trustees

of upon them

no knowledge

but what

has relation

to

Transyiva- this single tract of land; and even as to that, coming

nia Univer-

sity.

in as they do under an act of confiscation, there can

be no reason for requiring of them evidence to such

a fact. A necessary unavoidable implication or in-

ference firom the evidence adduced by the complain-

ants is the only possible ground upon which such a

necessity could be contended for, and even this, in

our opinion, does not exist.

In this case the court explicitly avows that it has

been not a little disposed to look unfavourable on a

claim of .such great antiquity. Nearly forty years

have elapsed since M'Kee conveyed this land to

Ross. Almost every party and every witness must

now be no more; and to undertake, at this late day,

to inquire into the intentions of. parties in a transac-

tion so very-remote in time, might be attended witlb

difficulties and evils which calinot now be foreseen.

Decree affirmed.

1816,
Matson V.
Hord.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

vage of one half was allowed by the court, and as to the residue, it was determined that it must stand on the same footing with other property found within the territory at the declaration of war, and might be claimed upon the termination of war, unless previously

confiscated by the sovereign power. The court, therefore, made such order respecting it as would preserve it, subject to the will of the court, to be disposed of as future circumstances might render proper.

(LOCAL LAW.)
MATSON V. HORD.
Tbe law of Kentucky requires, in the location of warrants for land, some general description designating the place where the particular object is to be found, and a. description of the particular object itself.
The general description must be such as will enable a person intending to locate the adjaeent residuum, and using reasonable care and diligence, to find the object mentioned in that particular place, ancl avoid the land already located. If the description will fit another place better, or equally well, it is defective.
- The Hunter's trace, leading from Bryant's station over to the waters of Hinkston, on the dividing ridge between the waters of Hinkston and the waters of Elkhorn," is a defective description, and will iiot sustain the entry.
APPEAL from a decree in chancery in the circuit court of Kentucky. This cause was argued by
Hughes and Talbot, for the appellants, and Hardin, for the respondents. It was, principally, a question of fact arising under the local laws of real property in Kentucky, for an outline of which the general reader is referred to the APPENDIX, note I., where

OF THE UNITED STATES.

will be found an exposition of the elementary principles applicable to this class of causes.
MARSHALL, Ch. J., delivered the opinion of the court, as follows:
This is an ap:;eal from a decree of the circuit court of Kentucky, by which the plaintiff's bill was' dismissed.
The object of the suit is to- enjoin the proceedings of the defendant at law, arid to obtain from him a conveyance for so much of the land coitained in his patent as interferes with the entry and survey made' by the plaintiff.
The plain-tiff claims by virtue of an entry made on the 17th of January, 1784, the material part of which is set forth in the bill in these words: "Richard Masterson enters 22,277 and a half acres of
land, on treasury warrant No. 19,455, to be laid Qff
in a parallelogram twice as long as wide, to include a mulberry tree marked thus, " F," and two hiccories, with four chops in each, to include the said three marked trees near the centre thereof; the said trees standing near the Hunter's trace, leading from Bryant's station over to the waters of Hinkston, on the dividing ridge between the waters of Hinkston and the waters of Elkhorn." This entry has been surveyed, he states, according to location, and that part'of it. which covers- the land in controversy has been assigned to him.
The validity of this entry constitutes the most essential point in tle present controversy. If it cannot be sustained, there is an end of the plaintiff's title c

1816.
M~atson
V.
I-ord. March 5t.h

-132

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. " Tatson
V.

if it can, other points arise in the case which must be decided.
This question depends on the construction of that clause in' the land law which requires that warrants
shall be located so specially and precisely, as that others may be enabled, with certainty, to locate other
warrants onithe adjacent residuum. In the epnstruction of an act so interesting to the
people of Kentucky, it is of vital importance that principle, be adhered to with care, and that as much uniformity as is practicable be observed in judicial decisions. This court has ever sought, with solicitude, for the true spirit of the law, as settled in -thestate tribunals, and has conformed its 'judgments to the rules of those tribunals whenever it has been able to find them established.
In the cases which have been, on dif erent occasions, examined, that absolute certainty which would remove every doubt from the mind of a subsequent locator, appears never to have been required. The courts of Kentucky have viewed locations with that indulgence which the state of the country, and the general character of those who first explored- and settled it, would seem tojustify; and have required onlx that reasonable certainty, which was attainable in such a country, and might be expected from such men as were necessarily employed. The 'effort has been to sustain rather than to avoid entries; and, -alth9ugh the motives which led to this course of adjudication are inapplicable to late entries, made on land supposed to be previously appropriated, yet it is not understood that different rules of construction

OF THE UNITED STATES.'
have. ever been applied to entries of difirent dates.
By these rules, a certainty to a common intent, a description which will not mislead a subsequent loeator, which will conduct him, if.he uses reasonable care and diligence, to the placd where the objects are to be fourld, will satisfy the law, and sustain the ,entry; but such a certainty must exist, or the entry cannot be sustained.
A location usually consists of some gener.., description which designates the place in which'thb particular object is to be found, and of a description of the particular object itself. The general description must be such as would enable a mian 'intending td locate thp adjacent residuum, by makingo -those inquiries which would be in his poiter.; and which he would naturally make, to know the place in which he-was- to search for the particular or locative call, so nearly, that, by a reasonable search, he might find the object mentioned in that particular or locative call, and avoid the land located. If-the description will fit a different place better, .or equally well, -it is too defective, because, if it does not mislead the subsequent locator, it leaves him in doubt where to search.
The gerieral descriptionin this case is, " the Hunter's trace, leading fr6m Bryant's station over. to-the waters.'of Hinkston, on the dividing ridge- between the waters of Hinkston and the waters of Elkhoin.":
Will this description designate the place in which the trees called for in the location are.to be'found ?

133
18'16.
Matdon
v.
Hord.

CASES IN THE SURREME COURT

1816.
M,aVtson V. Hord.

Bryant's station is a fixed place of public notorle%
ty. It is on the great road leading from Lexington to Limestone, on the Ohio, which toad crosses the dividing ridge between the waters of Elkhorn and

Licking, which is the ridge mentioned in Masterson's entry. This road had been travelled by hunters, but .seems to have been known by the name of the
Blue Lick, or Buffalo trace, and not by the name of the Hunter's trace.
A trace which was, at the time, called the Hun, ter's trace, leaves this great -road at Bryant's station, and proceeds in a direction west of north, until it crosses North Elkhorn, where it divides: the leffhand, or more western trace, after entering a road leading fiom Lexington to Riddle's station, on Licking, or that branch of Licking called Hinkston, crosses the dividing ridge about the head waters of a creek now called Townsend, which empties into the stream running by Riddle's station a little above that station: This creek was; in the yea" 1784,

known by the name of Hinkston Creek, or, perhaps, Hinkston's Mill Creek.
The righti or more eastern fork, again divides nearly two miles before it reaches the dividing ridge. Each of these traces crosses the dividing ridge to the head waters of Cooper's run, which empties into Stoner's fork. The more eastern of them crosses Stoner's fork, and, passing Mastin's station, terminates very near that place. Cooper's run empties into Stoner's fork, which either empties" into Hinkston, and then passing by Riddle's station, empties into Licking; or, uniting with Hinkston, forms the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
south fork of Licking, and passes Riddle's station with that name. The river, from the junction be .
tween Stoner and Hinkston, seems to have been knovn both by the name of the South Fork and of IHinkston's Fork.
All these traces were, in f.ct, hunters' traces; but eadh of them, except that leading to Mastin's station, was distinguished by some name peculiar to itself, generally by the station or place to which it led, as Riddle's trace, the Blue Lick trace, &c.; and no one of them, except that leading to Mastin's, was notoriously and pre-eminently called "the Hunter's trace." There is some testimony that this was also known by the name of Mastin's trace; but the great mass of testimony in the cause proves, inconiru',ertibly, that this trace was known and distinguished, generally, by the peculiar appellation of" the Huntar's trace2' It is on this trace that the loqation was made.
The Hunter's .trace, then, used in such a manner as to satisfy those interested in the inquiry, that it was intended to be employed as the name of some particular trace, would have been considered as designating the trace leading from Bryant's to Mastin's station, and would have been sufficient to show that the lands located by Masterson were on that trace. Had no farther description of it been attempted, but the trees called for had been said to stand -on "the Hunter's trace," where it crosses the dividing ridge between the waters of Hinkston and Elkhorn, it would have been clear that the trace was referred to by its name of greatest notoriety, by a name

1816.
Matson
v.
Hord.

136

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
Matsony v.
HOld,

which no other trace received; and, both the trace and the part of the trace where the objects specially called for must be found, wouldhave been designated with sufficient certainty. There is no evidence

in this cause, nor is the court appized that any other trace, distinguished as " the Hunter's trace," led from any other place than Bryants station, over the dividing ridge between the'waters of Elkhorn and Hinkston, and, consequently, a reference to this trace, by its name, was all that was necessary for its designation, and would have designated it most unequivocally. But a farther description has been attempted, and this has produced the difficulty felt in deciding this cause.
It will not be pretended, that the locator was confined to this reference to the name, or mightnot add to the description, and make it more minute; but if, in doing so, he has destroyed its certainty, if he has ci'eated doubts with respect to the trace. i'tended,. which inay mislead subsequent locators, the validity of his location becom6s questionable.
The words added to "the Hunter's trac?" are, "leading from Bryant's station over to the waters of Hinkson."
These words are not unmeaning, nor does the court feel itself authorized to reject them as surplusage; nor do they form any part of the name of the trace. Why, then, are they introduced ? Subsequent locators might consider them as explanatory of the words " the Hunter's trace." If they are so explanatory, there is, -Lr,tainly, much plausibility afforded to the conclusion, that the locator did not

OF THE UNITED STATES.
mean to. refer -tothe trace by its name; fQr if such was his intention, (ther"e being no other trace of the same name,) a.farther description would be urneces.say, and a more particular description would be impossibe . Perplexity and confusion may be introduced, but an object cannot be, rendered more certain. than :by bastowing on it its particular and appropriate name, if that name be one of general no.toriety, The court felt the, force of- the argument, that ' ,the Hunter's trace," leading from Bryants sation over to the waters of I-irikston, might .be ux.deiatood in the same sense with he words "' the Hunter's trace,'- or, ",that -hunters trace: which leads from Bryant's station over to the waters" of Hinkston." Understood in that sense, the addition"ael andexplanatory part of the description- -might be cQnsidered aa, its -essential part, 6nd might control the w.oids ."-the Hunter's trace," which, connected as Chey gre in this description, are not incapable of application to other hunters' traces, though not usually designated ty that particular name. If. this were to be received as the true construction, there ar-so.pany other traces leading across this dividing ridge, fiom Bryant's station to the waters of Hinkston, that all pretension to certainty, in this location, must be surrendered.
On this part of the case the court has felt considerable difficulty; and it is not without hesitation, that it has finally adopted the opinion, that "the Hunter's trace" is to be considered as referred to by its name; and, that the additional wordsi " leading from Bryant's station over to the waters of Hinkstont"
V9L. I.

1818.
M atson
V.
Hor4.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
Matson
V.
rd.

are nearly an affirmation that "the Hunter's trace" does lead from that station to those wateis. It leads to Stoner's fork, which empties into, or unites with, Hinkston's fork, which afterwards empties into the
main Licking. These branches are,, al of them, called forks of Licking, and, therefore, it would seem to the court refstnable,.,(as is indeed indicated -by much of the testimony,) that this ridge was ratherconsidered as dividing the wafers of Elkhorn from those of Licking than from those of Hinkston. But Stoner's fork,, to which this trace leads, may, without impropriety, be denominated, as it. sometimes has been denominated;" the Waters of Hinkston."
It cannot escape notice, that if this trace had been designated as that leading to Mastin's station, it would have been freed from all ambiguity. - But it
has been decided in Kentucky, and necessarily sa decided, that a locator ought not to be held to the most certain description of which the place is susceptible. A descriptiori 'which distinguishes it from any other, although a better or Still more certain description might be given, is all that is required.
Having, with much difficulty, ascertaiued the trace, the neyt inquiry is, on what part of this trace the land entered by Masterson ought to lie. The location says, generally, " on the dividing ridge between the waters of Hinkston and the wafers of
Elkhorn." It has been objected, that neither the side of the ridge nor the side of the trace, is specified; and that, to search both sides of the ridge and of the trace, is imposing an unreasonaLle labour on subsequent locators. The qouvt does .lot think so.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
The ridge is not of such breadth as to render the search on both sides the trace, from the foot of the ridge on one 'side, to the foot of the ridge on the other, a very unreasonable one. But the trees must be found on the ridge, and a subsequent locator is not bound to search for them elsewhere. - The trees having in themselves no notoriety, it is the more necessary that the place on which they stand should be correctly, described, and so described, that persons interested in discovering them, might know how to find them., Let us then examine the testimony to this point.
Richard Masterson, who made thd location, provea the place where the trees stood.- They ate now cut down, but a mulberry stump remains, which is the stump of the tree he marked, is No. 33., .west three poles from a white oak, now standing. H-Je gives no description of the place;
Henry Lee was with Mastersonwhen he marked the tiees, and saw him mark them. They had been hunting on the trace on Cooper's run; and, on their return, he says, " on the aforesaid trace, or path, after crossingthe dividing ridge, near a small branch waters of Elkhorn, Richard Masterson marked," &.
This testimony would rather indicate that, in the 6pinion of the witness, the trees did not stand on the ridge.
Simon Kenton describes the ci'ooked oak mentioned by .Masterson and Jay: " it does not stand on the dividing ridge." On being further interrogated he says, "he well believes that the crooked oak stands on ground which is a spur of the dividing

1,3S
1216. "" Matson
V. Hord;

,141

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. ridge which leads down to the junction of the

' -" " branches," which unite a small distance below the

V. mulberry stump.

Tfad.

in the course of his examination, this'witness says,

that if he could not have found these trees on. the

ridge, and had found them where they stood, he.

should have taken them, for the trees called for in

Masterson's entry; but in no part of his testimony

does he indicate" that he would have searched for

them on the :spur where they stood.

Zachariah Easton, the surveyor, gives a very -ac-

curate description of the place. The mulberry

stump stands between two branches, three poles

from the eastern, thirty poles from the western, and

forty one poles from their junction.' Along the trace,

which crosses the branch several times, the stump is

one hundred and ninety poles from the top of the

ridge. The stump stands, not on the dividing 'ridge

itself, but on a spur of the ridge, which does not con-

tinue along the trace, but takes a direction west--

thereof, and unites with the main ridge, as would

sem from the plat, sixty oi seventy poles west of'

the point at which the trace-crosses it.

Not a single, witness deposes that the stump is

on the ridge.

No testimony has been offered. to the codrt to irt-

duce the opinion that, in Kentucky, a spur of a ridge

is, considered as the ridge itself,' and the contrary

seems reasonable. Spurs sometimes extend for con-

siderable distances, and are certainly distinguishable

from the ridge from which they projeot. If, in this

qase, the trace had led up this spur, a subsequent

OF THE UNITEb STATUES,'
ocitor might have considered it as a continuation of 1816. the ridge, But tl6 trace does not lead up the spur." It crosses a branch after passing the spiur, and~then V. comes to the ridge. The court is of opinion that subsequent locators could not be expected to continue their search after reaching the foot of the ridge, and that the description fails in stating the marked trees to 6e on the dividing ridge, instead of stating Them .to be on a spur of the dividing ridge.
The -decree, therefore, dismissing the plaintiff's bill, is affirmed with costs.
Decree affirmed..
(LOCAL LAW.)
'.TAYLOR V. WA TbN AND HUNDLY.."
A questi.n of fact) espeoting the validity of tlileodation' of a warraat [dr lan under the-laws of Kentucky.
*APPEAL fr6m a .decr6e in chancery in the circuit eourt of Kentucky. The cause'was argued by Key, for the appellants,. and Talbot and Hardin for the respondents.
MARSHALL, Ch. 1., delivered. the opinion of the March 6ft
court.

OF THE UNITED. STATES.

dome to his knowledge. The consular certificate is a part of the ship's papers, and, as such, is necessarily a part of the documentary evidence"in"."tBhreowcdaeurs. e. The recital of the procuration is said not to be admissible at common law;,but, this court-is now sitting as a court of prize.

1816.
Preston
V.

The cause was this day ordered to farther proof, March 2d, on the part of thecaptors and claimants.

Farther proof ordered.

(LOCAL" LAW.)
PRESTON v. BROWDER.
The Act of Assembly of North Carolina, of November, 1777, establishing offices for receiving entries of claims for lands in the several counties of the state, did not authorize'entries for lands within the Indian boundary, as defined by the treaty of the Long Island of Holston, of the 20th of July, 1777. The Act of April, 1778,is a legislative declaration explaining and amending the former Act, and no, title is acquired by an entry contrary to these laws.
ERROR to the circuit court for the district of East Tennessee. This was an action of ejectment commenced by the plaintiff in error in that court. On the trial 6f" the cause. the plaintiff produced and read in evidence an entr, made on the 25th of Feb-

CASES IN THF SUPREME COURT

sta6. Pgeston
v.

ruary, 1778, in the name of Eph~aim' Dunlap, fop S400 acres. of land in the point between Tennessee
and Hqlston rivers. .Also, a grant to said Dunlap,
issued in virtue of, and founded upon, said. entry, under the great seal of the state of North Carolina, .dated the 29th of July, 1793; which granf*.-oas duly registered. The plaintiff also produced, and read in evidence, a deed. of conveyance, with the certifi-. cates of probate and registr~tion endorsed, from Dunlap,. the grantee, to John Rhea. Also, a deed -f conyeyapnce from said Rhea to the lessor of the plaintiff. It. vas. also proved that the land lies within the boundaries of what was the state of North Carolina at the time of making said entry, and within-the 'cotinty of. Washington ;- likewise, Within the territory ceded by the state of North Carolina, to the United States, in 1789; and within the now county of! Blount, in the district of East Tennessee.; that it lies on the south side of Holston river, and between Big Pigeoni and Tennes.ee river, and west of a line described in the 5th section of the act of. the general
4ssembly of North Carolina, pass6 in April, 1778, .chap. 3. Also, within the tract of country secure to, the Indians in 1791, by, the treaty of Holston, and that the Indlan title thereft was relinquished in 179Q- by the treaty of Tellico. The 'defendant produced and gave in evidence, a, g ant from the state uf- Tennesspe to himself, made out and authen. ticated in the. manner prescribed by the laws of.Tenpessee, and dated the 18th of May, f810, .which covers and includes the whole of the' land. in -hispopsession, and for which this -suit wvas bkought. The

OF THE VUNITED STATES.

plaintiff, by his counsel, moved the court to charge Pnd instruct the jury, "that an entry was actually made with the entry. taker of Washington county, within which'the land lay; that the entry was evidence that the consideration money was paid as required by law; that paying the consideration mo-, ney,.Rnd making the entry, -created a contract between the state of North Carolina and the said Dunlap, which vested a-right in him to the land in dispute, and that it as not in the power of the legislature, at -a subseqtient period, to destroy the right thus7 vested; or rescind said contract, ,without the consent of the said Dunlap. That ha, ing the same land afterwards surveyed and giapted, in the manner prescribed by the laws of Norlh.Carolia, vested in'the said Dunlap and his heirs a com. plete title botl at -law. and in equity; and,, that the conveyance from' Piunlap -to"Rhea, and- from Rhea to the lessor of the plaintiff, vested a complete legal title in him, and, therefire, he was entitled to a verdict." Which, cliarge and .instruction the coIitt refused to giveto the jury; but, on the contrary, ".chbrged and instructed them, " that the said entry and grant were both null and void, and vested no title whatever in-the said Dunlap, becauae, at the tide .of making said entry, and obtaining said "gant ,the land inchiqed thereir lay in a part. of the:. ountry where 'the laws of North'Carolina had.not authorized their -fficers to permit lands to be entered, or to issue grants therefor; and although the entry .and &.rantmight have been made in the form required

1816.
Preston
V. Browder.

118

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1816.
Preston
V.
Browder.

by law, yet no interest whatever passed from the
state of North Carolina to Dunlap thereby,. and, therefore, they ought to find a verdict for the defendant." A verdict was rendered accordingly, and

a judgment pronounced thereon. To which charge and instruction the plaintiff's counsel excepted, and the cause was brought into' this court by writ of error.

Key, for the plaintiff in error. ' The-question in this cause turns upon the validity of ayi act of assembly of North Carolina, of April; 1778, repealing. a former act of November, 1777, c. 1. s. 3., under which the plaintiff's entry was authorized. . It is an ex post facto law, which the state is incompetent to pass; its own courts have decided, that a law, depriving a university of its lands, was unconsiitutional and void.4 This court has determined that a lbw in the nature of a convention or contract cannot be so repealed as to devest rights of property previoslj acquired under it." As to the Indian title, the usufruct only, of this waste land, was reserved to them; and the legislature might grant lands subject to.the extinguishment of their title to the domain of property. This was a mere temporary arrangement, and the title of the natives was extinguished by the treaty of Tellico. There was, therefore, nothing to prevent an entry of lands anywhere within the territorial limits of North Carolina.

a Heywood. Trustees of the University v. Foy. b 6 Granch, 87. Fletcher V. Peck.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Pickens and Jones, contra. 1. The c orrect mode of ascertaining the nature and effeet of the contract (as it has been called) between the state and the
plaintiff, is by a reference to the plain interpretation of the act of 1777, connected with the local history of that period, and the circumstance.s of the entry. The law provides, that entries may be made in the several counties of the state of all lands thereinj not previously granted, and which shall havo accrued to the state by treaty or conquest; host manifestly implying the necessity of a previous extinguishmenfof the Indian title. By the treaty of the Long Island of Holston, of the 20th of July, 1777, art. 5th, a boundary between.the Indians and the whites is. defined; and, by art. 6th, the Indians are guaianfied against all intirusipn. The whole system of local laws establishes a police over the territory in question, with the express view of preven'ting the natives frombeing disturbed in the enjoyment of their rights. In 1778, finding that individuals, in the situation of the plaintiff, either wilfully or through mistake, had' made entries within the Indian reservation, the legislature passed an act recognising the limiis fixed by the treaty of the year preceding, prohibiting future entries, and avoiding .those already made within those limits. 2. But supposing the entry to have been valid as a claimor right of pre-emption, against other citizens, it was hot'lawfully consummated by a subsequent survey and patent. Is the entry of such stern, unbending authority, as, by relation back, to dispense with the necessity f subsequent steps ? Certainly not. By the act of 1783, the Indian

11"9
1818.
Preston
V.

126

CASkS IN THE SUPREME CObRt

816.
" '' Frestonx
r.
Bowder.

boundary was changed, in confbrmity with the treadty -fHopewell, and the issuing of grants for lando within the reservation was prohibited. The Iand in question continued by that treaty, and by a sub-

sequent treaty made in 1791, between the United States and the Cherokees, within the limits of the latter. The survey aid grant were made in oppbsition to all these treaties -and laws; and, in 1789i North Carolina ceded to the United States this territory, in which the state of Tennessee- was erected. In 1791, the treaty, of Holston- once more guarantie( the Indians against intrusion. So that thie plaintiff's counsel has to bear up, not only against the municipal laws of the country, but against the most solemn pacts and conventions.

Key, in reply.. The' plaintiff's right, commenced by a valid entry, could never be impaired by subsequent.laws and treaties. The primitive Indian title Was- merely subordinate, and :subject to extincion: If,by the payment of the fees upon his entry, the plaintiff acquired an incipient right under the law then in force, it cannot be affecfed by any subsequent act. His grant is dated 1793, and a presump-
tion thence arises,' that he had complied with all .preceding requisites. The cession of 1789 contains a reservation for perfecting titles where .ntries had been made. The act of 1778 shows, that the former law had allowed and countenanced entries ih Washitigton county; it is not a dedaratory;.u t a repeal-

c 6 Cranch, 87. FletCher r. Peck.

O T14E UNITED STATE8.

121

ing statute, showing that the first law had not been 1816.

mistaken nor misconstrued.

Preton

TODD, J., delivered the opinion of the court, and) after stating the facts, proceeded as follows:
The question now to be decided by the court is, whether the charge and instructions repqiired by the plaintiff's counsel ought to have beei given, and whether the one given was correct.
In the construction of the statutory or locaj laes

V.
Broiwder. A rch 4th.

of a state, it is frequently necess-ary to recur to the history and situation of the country, in order to ascertain the reasor, as. well as the meaning, of many of the provisions in them, to enable a codrt to apply, with propriety,.the different rules for constraing sta-

tutes% It will be found, by a recurrence to the history of North Carolina, at the time of passing this act; that she had, but a.short time before, shaken off

her colonial governmentl and assumed a soyerei'n independent one of her own choice; that, during the colobiial system, by instructions, and proclamations of the. governor, the citizens were restrained'and prhibited from extending their settlefments to the Westward, so as to encroach on lands set apart for the Indian tribes; that these encroachments hid produced hostilities; and that, on the 20th 'of JXly, 1777, a trPaty of peace had been concluded at fort

Henry, on H6fston river, near-the Long Island, be-

tween copnmissi6ners from the state of North Caro-

lina and the chiefs 'of that part of the Cherokee ia-

tion called the Overhill Indians; and that a bounda-

ry between the state and the said Indians was

Ver,. L

Q

122

CASF. W4 THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
'*P" reston
e. 1rowde .

established. When the legislature of North Cato,lina were passing the act of November, 1777s establishing offices for receiving entries of claims for larids in the several counties within the state, it is

inprobable that the foregoing circumstances were not contemplated by.them; and hence must have arisen the restriction in the act, as to lands "which have accrued, or shall accrue, to this state, by treaty or conquest." If this be not the ground or reason of the provision' it will be difficult to find one on which it can operate, It may be asked, where was the land which was to accrue by treaty or conquest, if not within the chartered limits of that state ? If it wag in a foreign country, or from a sister 9tate, the re-. striction was unnacessary, because, in either case, it was not within the limits of ahy county within that state, and, of course, not subject to b6 entered for. The retSiction must apply, then, to lands within the chartered limits of the state, which it contemplated would be acquired, by treaty or conquest, from the Indian tribes, for none other can be imagined. It is not to be presumed, that the legislature intended, so shortly after making the treaty, to violate it, by perinitting entries to be made west of the line fixed by the treaty. From the preamble of the act, as well as other parts of it, it is clearly discernible that the legislature intended " to parcel out their vacant lands to industrious people, for the settlement thereof, and increasing the strength and number of the people of the countiy, and affording a comfortable and easy subsistence for families." Would these objects be attained by permittinig settlements en-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

croaching on the lands lately set apart, by treaty,
for the use of the India5 tribes ? by p rovoking hostilitii.s with these tribes, and diminishing the strengCt_h? of the country by a cruel, unnecessary, and unpro,
fitable warfare with them? Surely not. However broad and extensive the words of the act may be, authorizing the entry takers of any county to receive claims for any lands lying in such county, under certain restrictions, yet, frori the whole context of the act, the lcgislativw intention, to prohibit and restrict entries from being made on lands reserVed for Indian tribes, .maybe discerned, And this construe-. tion is fortified and supported by the act of April, 1778, passed tp amend and explain the act of November, 1777 ; the 5th section of which expressly forbids the enterirng or surveying any lands within the Indian hunting grounds, recognises the western boundary, as fixea by t above-mentioned treaty, and declares void all entries and surveys which have been, or shall thereafter be made withip the Indian boundary.
It is objected, that the act of April, 1778, so far as it relates to entries made before its passage, is unconstitutional and void.
If the reasoning in the previous part of this opi, nion be correct, that objection is not well founded. That reasoning is founded upon the act of 1777, and the history and situation of the country at that time. The act of 1778 is referred to, as a legislative declaration, explaining and amending.the act of 1777. It is argued that there'is no recital in the act of 1778,
declaring, that the act of 1777 had been misconstrucd

18n.
Preston
Browvd:er

1[24

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
"
rrest9Pi v.
3rowder.

or mistaken by the citizens of the state; or, that entries had been made. on lands, contrary to the vmean-
ing and intention of that ac4 ; and, that the' 5th section is an exercise of legislative will, declaring null and void rights which had been acquired under a previous law. Although the legislature may not have made the recital and declaration in the precise terms mentioned, nor used the most appropriate expressions to communicate their meaning, yet it will be-seen, by a careful pefusal of the act, that they profess to explain, as well as to amend, the act of
1777. Upon a full review of all the acts of 'the legislature'of North Carolina, respecting the manner of appropriating their vacant lands, and construing
them in paiimateria,there is a uniform intention manifested to prohibit and restri6t entries from being. madte on lands included within the Indian boundaries.
Therefore, this court-unanimously affirms the deci. sionof the circuit court with costs.

Judgment affirmed.

OF THE UNITEb STATUES,'
ocitor might have considered it as a continuation of 1816. the ridge, But tl6 trace does not lead up the spur." It crosses a branch after passing the spiur, and~then V. comes to the ridge. The court is of opinion that subsequent locators could not be expected to continue their search after reaching the foot of the ridge, and that the description fails in stating the marked trees to 6e on the dividing ridge, instead of stating Them .to be on a spur of the dividing ridge.
The -decree, therefore, dismissing the plaintiff's bill, is affirmed with costs.
Decree affirmed..
(LOCAL LAW.)
'.TAYLOR V. WA TbN AND HUNDLY.."
A questi.n of fact) espeoting the validity of tlileodation' of a warraat [dr lan under the-laws of Kentucky.
*APPEAL fr6m a .decr6e in chancery in the circuit eourt of Kentucky. The cause'was argued by Key, for the appellants,. and Talbot and Hardin for the respondents.
MARSHALL, Ch. 1., delivered. the opinion of the March 6ft
court.

149
]A 16. TTlaylor
V.

tASES IN THE SUPREME COJRT
This is an appe-l from a decree rendered in the circuit- court of Kentucky, directing the' appellaht to convey to the" appellees, lahds lying within his patent, which the app~elleet claimed by virtue of a junior patent.
In all such cageg the validity of the entry which is the foundatioh of the title of the junior patentfee is first to be examified.
This entry was made on the 4th of December, 1783, and -ali's to begin ",in the fork of Chaplin's,fork; and the Beech fork, and to run thence up Beech fork to the mouth of the first large creek, which is called, &t., thence'to run up the cieek and iup Chaplin's fork till a lind run straight across will include the quantity to exclude prior legal claims."
The places called for being proved to have been places of notoriety which could not be mistaken, n6 want of certainty can be ascribed to this location, unless it be produced by the words ."to exclude prior' legal claims." These words are obviously attached to the qiAntity, not to the beginning, or to the lines bounded by the creeks. They canthen affect only the back line, which is to extend from one creek to the other. The locator seeths to have supposed that this line might approach towards, or recede from, the point of juriction between the two creeksi as the amount of prior legal claims might require; that a' location could adapt itself to circumstances, could assimilate itself td An elastic substance, and. contract or expand as might secure the quantity of land it sought to appropriate. In this he was mistaken. The boundaries of an entry must be Aixed

OF THE UNITED STATES.
precisely by its own terms, and cannot depend on 18ti. previous appropriation. So much of this 'entry, therefore, As would so extend the bak line as to . cow prehend, in one event, more land thari.the quantity mentioned in the location, is utterly void. Tha back line must rwn as it would run if all the land was vacant. But it would be unreasonable that this futile attempt to extend the back line further than it is by law extendible, should destroy an entry, in all other respects certain. Accordingly, the courts of Kentucky, so far as their decisions are unde,stood, have rjected such words as surplusage.
The entry of the appellees being good, it obviously comprehends, and has been surveyed to comprehend, the land of the appellant, and, this bridlgs us to the consideiation of hi title.
The appellant claims under an, entry made by John Pinn, the 13th of May, 1780, in these words, "John )inn enters 2,000 acres of land by virtue of a treasury warrant, on the dividing ridge. between Chaplin's fork and waters of the Beech fork, about one and a half miles north of a buffalo lick, on a creek water of the Beech fork; about 25 miles from Harrodaburgh, and to extend eastwardly and westwardly for quantity."
The plaintiffs below allege, in their bill, that this entry is void on account of its uncertainty, that the survey is unlawful and contrary to the location, and, therefore, pray that the larW so surveyed and patent-ed may be conveyed to them. The circuit court determined that the entry was void, and decreed according to the prayer of the bill, From this de-

144

"CASES I THE' SUPRE&ME COURT

1816. TraYior
v.
Walton.

creethe defendant has appealed to this eoirwt,and .the validity of Pinn's locatiorn forms ,the p iAcipal question in the cause.
The report oit the surveyor, .which is Iound irhe record, is defective and unsatisfactoiy. H6 has nei-

ther placed Harrodsburgh nor the dividing ridge -n the plat; the court is under the necessity of,supplying these defects., as far as they canbe supp ed, from -ther testimony which appears in the record. ."From that testimony it appears, that the ridge mj st e'fend trm,'ome .point below Pinn's entry,- up'the

cre 1k near whiih it is made, pow called Long Lick Crek; and thlat the tr- -e leading up that creek was a'trce leading r.rom Cox's'station to Iarrodsburg,
The inference seems inevitable that Harrodsburgh lay eastward from this location, since the trace lead, ing up tho'creek,to Harrodsburgh took- that directiou. The tegtimony must be understood as showing ihat In going up the Long Lick Creek you approach Iarrodsburgfi..
This is a material f&.et'in the intuiry we aie mking. Harrodshurih is admitted to have beena place of general notorify, as ax Chaptin's fork, 'and the creek called'fot in/Pinei's location. The Jividing ridge I'etwOen Ohaplin's -fork and the waters of
Beech fork.i -lso, ofne-cssity, a place of notoriety, sin e"the winters it dividesare so.
The fitst call of Pinn's entry is for tis dividing ridge; a general ca1 for the ridge would be certainly too vaguie; but the land -must lie on some part of it, and we must look to other calls of the' entry 'to -aksertainr on what part. It is to be about one and

OF THE UNITED STATES;

U5

a half miles horth of a buffalo lick, on a creek wa-. 1816.

-ter.of !he eac'h iork. .

Taylor

The quesiion, whether this buffalo lick was,-on V.

the 13th of May, 1780,'a place- of such notoriety a

t

tp'instruct a subsequent locator how 'to find Pinn's

beinnig, .is one of gome doubt. -The degree .of

'probf which can now be adduced, and ought now to be required, .espedtihg such "a-fact, must be affect.

ed by many.circumstances. -The contiguity of stations, the number of persons who frequented that

particular part of the country, aid, above all, the lapse of time, will have their influ.ence.

Richard Stephens' deposes that he had travelled Powell's trace, which leads up the Long Lick fork, .three times; understood there was a lick at the place., and- thinks he was at it, .but'wad not much.acquaint-

ed with it. Edward Willis became acquainted with 'his lick
in 1781. or i78.2;-there were several other licks 'on the same creek, but this was the largest and moat frequented. Its reputed distance from Harrodsburgh was better than twefity-miles.

Joseph Willis hunted a good deal in that part of the country, and knew this lick. Never knew but one 'bufalo lick, though there are a number of small

.licks. Its reputed distance from Harrodsburgh was upwards of twenty -miles, but does not recollect 'ivhether, it was a place of notoriety in 1780.
John Gritton calls it a buffalo lick, and has been acquainted with it ever since -the .month of June, in the year 1780. Its'reputed distance from Harrbds-. 'burgh Vas from tWenty to twenty-five miles. There

Ve-r..

T

!8ib.
Taylor
v.
Walton.

CASES IN THE SU42REME COURT
are several other small licks on the creek, and one, a tolerable large one, lying on the south fork, . different creek from Long Lik; but no othqr than this was called a buffalo lick. In a subsequent part of

his deposition he is asked whether this lick was a place of notoriety in 1780, and answered, that he knew nothing about it at that time. This must be intended for the month of May, 1780, one mondL
sooner than the date of his knowledge, or is a positive contradicfion to his first assertion.
James Raig says, that this lick was generally known by the hunters about Harrodsburgh, prior to the month of May, 1780; that he encafnped. at'it with three hunters, in the summer of 1776, and hunted about there; that there are several other licks in the neighbourhlood, but no other buffalo lick; that its reputed distance from Harrodsburgh, in 1781 or 1782, was about 25 -miles.
This is all the -testimony respecting the notoriety of the buffalo lick called for in Penn's entry. Did the validity of this entry depend solely on the notoriety of the lick, a court would find some difficulty in pronouncing it too obscure.an object to be noticed by subsequeht locators.
But, admitting that the lick wants sufficient notoriety to fix of itself the place of Penn's entry, still, it must be allowed to be an object easily found and easily distinguished, by those who are-brought into its neighbourhood by the other descriptive parts of the entry. Let us, then, inquire, whether this entry does contain such description, as would conduct a subsequent locator into its neighbourhood.

bF THE UNITED STATES.

1-4P

The lick'is within a niile. and a half of the cividing ridge; on-the south side of that ridge, and.0in a cieek water of- Beech fork, This des'cripiin, which, though not expressly, "is sub.st~intially given,
precisely fits Long Lick Creek, and fits no other creek .The location caliing to begin a mile and a half north o: the lick, which lies on the creek; it is sufftcielitly apparent that no creek is. crossed between the lick and the place on the dividing ridge, callbd for- by Pinn's entry: consequently, the lick must lie on the creek nearest this dividing ridge. This is what has been since called Long Lick Creek, bui which was then without a name, and could be designated only by description. A subsequent locator searching for this lick, would look for it, then, on Long Lick Creek. He-is informed by the entry, that it lies on a creek so described as to be completely ascertained, about twenty-five miles from -arrodsburgh. .The part of that creek, then, which lies about twehty-five mxle' from Harrodsburgh,is the place where he must search for this lick. Walton arid HIindly state in their ,ntries, that Powell's trace, which leads from Cox's itation to Harrodsburgh, and which arrives at Long Lick Creek a short distance above this lick,' goes up the creek five or six miles. Jain-es Ray says, that the trace leads 0iearv t6 its head; and the sui'veyor in his rep6rt states, that it leads quite to its head. LongLick Creek, thenheads between Harrodshurgh. and this lick' and is the creek oh which the buffalo lick must.lie. The.entry-tells us, it lies twenty-five miles from Harrodsburgb.

1818.
Taylor
V. W1ton.

1816.
v Taylor
V.
Walton.

CASES IN THE SEPREMP, COUkT
If an object be called for as lying on a creek, s&, described as to be distinguished and ascertained,;
twenty-five miles from a given place of general notofety,. which object has disappeared or cannot' be fqund' it, is understood' to be settled', in Kentucky, that such location is not void for uncertainty, but is to be surveyed at the distance of twenty-five miles along the creek, from the place of departure. If the object be fouhd and be identified, especially if it be such an object as would readily attract atten-. tion,-and be easily distinguished, exactness in the distance is not required. On such occasions the distance was, in fact, seldom measured by the lpcator, and could not be measured in a straight line without the, aid of a surveyor. The locator, in estimating distances, where they are considerable, is governed. by general computation-; and this is known to subsequent locators. Exactness of distance, then, is introduced for the purpose of giving certainty to locations, which can by no other means ke rendered certain. Where the object called for is easily found. and identified, the want of precision in distance will not defeat the location, unless the difference between, the actual and estimated, distance be such, as to mislead subsequent locators
James Ray says, that the estimated distance from f-arrodsburgh to the. mouth of Hanger run was 27' or 30 miles, and that the lick was about three miles
nearer than the mouth of,.Hanger run to Harrodsburgh. James Ray says, thiat the estimated distance' from Harrodsburgh to the lick was about 25 miles, and that it lies three or four miles above the junction.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

149

of the Beech And Chaplin forks. Several witnesses depose, that'the estimated distiance from Harrodsburgh to this. lick was upwards of twenty miles. The distance has been measured, and is in, a straight line twentymiles and one quarter of a mile.
If this difference of distance could in such a case, when unaided, affect the entry, yet 'there are other circumstances which reliewz it from this difficulty.
From the lick to the mouth of-the creek on which it must lie,.cannot, in a straight line; amount to two, miles. Measured along its meanders, the distance is
about three miles. This fact is ascertained by the. surveys' made of the two entries. The farthest point. then, of this creek from Harrodsburgh, cnnot, in a straight line, exceed twenty-two miles. But the lick lies, not at the mouth of the creek, 'but on. the creek. The locator must, then, search for it up the creek, and nearer t HarrQdsbur'gh. The extent of this search for such an "object as a buffalo lick, au object, to which he must be led by traces of the buffalo, which are in themselves so.visible, so distinguisable, so readily found, cannot, without totally disregarding the whole system of Kentuckydeiisions, be pronounced too great a labour tojbe imposed on a subsequent locator. - He is brought to the mouth of a creek, on which the object for which he searches lies: the object must fie upthat creek, and cannot lie
far'from its mouth, . It is an object discernible and distinguishable at a distance, and calculated froni its; nature. to engage attention. ie. is Within two niles
of it on a straight line, and within three miles pursuing the meanders of the creek: if he does not find

1816.
TV.or Walton.

150

vASES IN THE SUPREME COURWT

1816. it) it is to his own indolence, not to the obscurity of'
Tala the object or the difficulty of the seairh, that ,thc V. blame attaches. The lick being found, there is no difficulty in ascertaining its identity. The witndsses certainly say, that there are many other licks on the same creek,,and the surveyor has laid down two others; but they also say, that no other lick Was- a buffalo lick. It has been stated and argued at the bar, that although licks are of very different dimensions,..and the difference is immense between the extremes, yet the gradations approach each other sb nearly, that the exact line between them can scarcely be' drawn. Admitting this to be true, yet there are licks which are indubitably buffalo licks, there are others which are as indubitably deer licks. Now, the witnesses pronounce, positively, that this is. a buffalo lick, and that the others are deer licks.' In 'addition to this, it is nearest to the mouth of the creek, and fathest from -tarrodsburgh; consequently, it is nea.rer 'the distance required by the location.' There is no doubt, then, respecting the identity of this lick. The lick called for in Pinn's entry being found and identified, there can be no difficulty in finding his land. It lies one and a half miles due north of tWis lick, on the dividing.ridge. The place at whiqh the mensuration is to commence being ascertained, the rules established in Kentucky will give form to the land, and direct the manner of making the survey. It is the opinioh of this ?court:, that the decree of te circuit-court, is erroneous, and ought to be re-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
versed; and that the cause be remanded to that court, with directions to order the land claimed by the appellant to be surveyed conformably to his location. In doing this, a point will be taken one mile and a half due north of the buffalo lick mentioned in Pihn's. en.try,.from which it line is to be ext6hided east and west, to equal distances,- until it shall 'or'm the base of a square to contain 2,000 acres of -land, which is to lib north of -the said line.

1816. v.
Lapsley.

Decree r&e'ersed.

(CHANCERY.)
J. & T., BARR v. LAPSLY ET AL.
A question under a bill in equity, to obtain a specific performance of an alleged agreement to receive a quantity of cotton bagging, it a specified price,. in satisfaction. of certain judgments at law. Bill dismissed.
APPEAL from the 6ircuit coui-t of the district of Columbia. This. cause was argued by Jones, for the appellants and compldihants, ahd Hamer, for the respondeit 'nfid defendaht
Joif.is6 ,., deliverekthe opinion of the court. March'6fL The object of thi bill' is, t'obtain a'specific per-
formance of an alleged agreement to receive a quan-

OF THE UNITED STATE.

1816. IHepbtr

(CHANCERY.)

W
Dunlop .&

l-EPBURN-& DUNDAS' HEIRS AND EXECUTORS v. -DUN-

jLoP & COMPA.

DUNLo

-& ComI'A-Y ip. HBPB~uRN & DUNDAS' HEIRS
AND EXECUTORS.

A court of dquifty ill decree a specific performance.of a contract for the sale of land, if the vendor is able to make a good title at.ani time before the decree is pronounced; but the dismission of 4 bill to enforce a specific performagce in such a case, is'a bar to a new bill for the same object.
The iability of the vendor to' make a good title at the -time the decree is pronounced, though it forms a sufficient ground for refusi a specific performance, will not authorize a court of equity to rescind the a#eement ii a case where the parties have an adequate remedy at law for its breach.
The alienage of the vendee is an insufficient ground to entitle the vendor to a decree for rescinding a contract for the sale of lands, though it may afford a reason. for refusing a specific performance ps against the vendee.
But if the parties have not an adequate remedy at law, the vendor may be considered as a trustee for whoeier may become purchasers under a sale by order of the court for the bdnefit of the vendee. 
:Wheie the vendor is indebted to the vendee, and the sale is made in order to pay the debt, the vendoi must pay interest from the time the debt is liquidated until he makes a good title, and the vendee is accountable for the rents and profits from the time the, title ig perfected'until the contract is specifically performed.
THESE causes were appeals from the chancery sid.
of the circuit court of the 4istrict of Columbia for the county of Alexandria. The facts are stated in. the opiniori of the court, and the controversy isthe

180

CASES IN 'H SUPREME COURT

1816. same as in the suits between the same parties re-

Hitpbu-rn & ported in 1 Cranch, 321., and 5 Cranch 262.

DuIo a

The causes were argued by Taylor and Swann#.

Dunlop & for'Hepburn & Dundas, and by Jones and Lee, for Co. Dunlop &Company.

March 9th. WASHINGTON, J., delivered the opinion of the court.
These causes come before the court upon appeals from the circuit court of the district of Coh'mbia, for the county, of Alexandria. The material facts upon which the questions now to be decided arise, are as follows:
Hepburn & Dundas being indebted to Jolhm Dunlop Si Co., of Great Britain, on account of certain mercantile dealings which had taken place between those parties, the precise amount whereof was. disputed, an agreement in writing was entered into on the 27th of September, 1799, between the said Hepbury' & Duftdas, and Colin Auld, the attorney in fact of John Dunlop & Co.; whereby it was stipulated that the parties mutually agreed to submit all matters in dispute, respecting the demand of Dunlop & Co., to certain -arbitrators named in the agreement, whose award should be made on or before the 1st day of January following. That Auld, as the agent of Dunlop & Co., would, on the next day, to wit, the 2d day of January, 1800, accept, from Hepburn & Dundas, the sum which should be awarded fo Dunlop & Co., in bills of exchange, or in Virginia currency, at the par of exchafnge; and uponl
such payment being made in either way, that Aud wodild give to Hepburn & Dundas a full receipt and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

discharge of all the claims and demands of Dunlop & Co. against them.; that, in case Hepburn & Dundas should not, on the said 2d day of January,.pay the amount of the said award, either in bills of exchange or money, they should, oin that day,,.-assign to
Auld, as attorney of Dunlop, & Co., in the fullest inanner, a contract entered into in the.year 1796, by Hepburn & Dndas, with a certain William Giahanm, for the sale of 6,000 acres of land lying on the river Ohio, for the recovery of ivhich, on account of the non-paym.nt of the purchase money by Graham, Hepburn &Dundas had brought an ejectment, which was then depeiding; that this assignment should be accompanied by a-power of attorney irrevocable, to enable the said Auld to pursue all legal means to rebover the possession of the land, or to enforce the payment of 18,000 dollars, the amount of the purchase money, whichever of these measures Auld might prefer. Hepburn & Dundas farther stipula-
ted not- to interfere with the measures which Auld might choose to pursue for the recovery of the land or the purchase money, and, farther, that whenever any.suit brought, or to be brought, for the .land, should be judicially deftermined, or otherwise settldd, by an amicable compromise, Hepburn & Dundas would convey the same to the person who, by such determination or compromise, should be acknow-
ledged to be entitl ed to it in the manner expressed in the contract with Graham. -It was also stipulated, that if the purchase money for the said land, with interest thereon to the 2d of January, 1800, should be insufficient to discharge the sum which might be

I816.
HepburnA
'undas
Dunlop &
C;

1.82

CASES IN THE SUPREAE COURT

1816. awarded to Dunlop & Co., Hepburn & Dundas

HHesphbouurnld&,

on that day, pay to Aul'd as much money as

Dundas should make up the deficiency; and if, on the other

Dunlop & band, the said purchase money and interest should Co. fall short of the sum awarded, that Auld would, on

the same day, pay to Hepburn & Dundas the excess
over and above the sum awarded. Lastly, it was stipulafed, that if Auld should recover the land, and be enabled to sell the same for more than was allowed to Hepburn & Dundas, by the said 'agreement, together with the costs and expenses attending the recovery, Auld should pay to Hepburn &. Dundas the expenses incurred in prosecuting the suit commenced by them for the recovery of this land. In pursuance of these articles, an award was made by the day mentioned in the submission, which award stated, that the sum of 4,379L. 9s. 0'd, sterling, including interest, would be due to Dunlop & Co. on the 1st day of January, 1800. This sum fell short of the purchase money and interest, due by Grahiam to the same period, the sum of 494l. 6s. 8d., Virginia currency. Hepburn & Dundas having prepared a deed of assignment of Graham's contract, and a power of lattorney, as stipul.ated in the abovementioned agreement, offered to deliver the same tq Auld on the 2d of January, 1800, which he refused to accept, because the deed recited, as a part ot the consideration, that a release 'had 'been executed by Auld, of all thie claims and demands whatsoever of Dunlop & Co. against Hepburn & Duridas, and because, as is asserted by Auld, Hepburn & Dundas required Auld to execute such a release prior to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
.delivery of the deed of assignment. The suit of 1816. Hepburn & Dundas against Graham, for the reco- Hepburn& very of the 6,000 acres of land, 'was prosecuted Dundas,
V.
against his heirs; and in May, 1801, by a compro- Dunlop & aise between Hepburn & Dundas,' and the .defend- . ants in the ejectment; judgmeni was.rendered in favour of Hepburn & Dundas.
Without noticing, particularly, the conduct ofth'ose parties subsequent to the transactions of the 2d of January, 1800, as well as on that day, it miay be sufficient to say, that if. the tender made by Hepburn & Dundas was, upon the condition asserted by Auld, to have been annexed, to it, and if in consequence thereof, any -legal advantage accrued to him, itwas waived by.his subsequent conduct, As 'laie as Pebruary, 1807, Auld made a tender of the difference between, the sum awarded to Dunlop & Co.'and the purchase money and interest due upon Grahani's contract, -and demanded a deed; but this de-
wand was made in a manner, and under circumstances, which this court, upon a former occasion, deemed unreasonable.
Things remained in this situation, until some time. about April, 1801, when Hepburh & Dundas instituted a suit at law against Add, f6r the difference. between the sum awarded to Dunlop & Co. and the amount of the purchase money and interest .due by Graham's contract, on thb 2d of Jan~ary, 1800. About the same time a suit at law'was commenced by Auld, against Hepburn & Dundas, upon the agreement of the 27th, of September,. 1799, to recover the whole -un award.. In he first case,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816.
IiDburda&s
D1 Co.

this court, upon a writ of error, decided upon the Spleadings, (which were so drawn as to present the
point,) that Hepburn and Dundas had no right
to demand of Auld a release of all clai ms and
demands against Dunlop & Co., to be executed as a
precedent act to the assignment of Graham's contract, and the delivery of the power of attorney; and, on that ground, judgment was rendered against Hepburn & Dundas.o
In the other case, the pleadings presented the question, whether the recital of such a release in the dedd of assignment offered to be delivered by Hepburn & Dundas, invalidated the tender? Upon a writ of error, it was decided, by this court, that.the recital of the release could not impair the rights of Dunlop & Co., under the agreeqrent of September, 1799, and that it formed no objection to the assignment;
consequently, that the tender and refusal amounted to a performance, ihlike manner as if Auld had accepted the 'assignment; but trat Hepburn & Dundas would still be obliged to execute a proper deed of assignment, and a conveyance of the land, whenever they shotild be required to do so. Judgment was, accordingly, rendered in this suit against Auld.'
Hepburn & Dundas having been thus. defe.ated in their attempt at law, to enforce a performance of the agreement, filed a bill in equity, praying for a specific performance. The answer of Auld contained, amongst other objections to a specific performance, an allegation that the title of Hepburn & Dundas

a I Cranch.,321.

h. 5 Crtnch!, 262:

OF THE UNITED STATES.

185

to the land was defective. Hepbfirn & Dundas then set T6rth their title in a supplemental bill. - Th suit came 6n to be heard; upon an appeal to this 6ourt, at the sam6 time that Audd's sdit at law against Hep'burn;& Dundas, above' mentioned, .wEs decided. This court determined, 1st. That 'since Auld had, by his "conduct -subsequent to the 2d of- January, 1800, waived all objections to the tender of the assignment of Graham's contract on that day, and did not refuse to receive a conveyance which was offered to be made by H~pburn & Dundas, in, June, 1801, ,on account of any defect in the title, but for other reasons which-would equally have dporated with him had there been no such defect, Hepburn -& Dun-
aa*s. wbuld till be entitled to a. specific psrfprmance if tley cduld theh make a good title. 2dly. That the title appeared by the bills to be defective as.to 20. acres, being Thomas West's part of Mrs. Bronaugh's 1,000 acrds, and also his part of Fran'cina Turner',
interest in the same tract, and aso. on account of the failure'-to record Thomas West's deedto Hepburn & Dundas for 1,000 acres. For these defects in the title; the bill was dismissed.c.
Presuming that this' decree, which seemed to close for -ever the doors of a.co'urt of equjity. ggainst Hepburn & Dundas, opened them to Dunlop & Co. to get rid ot the contract altogether, Auld filed the bill which, is now under'consideration, stating, amonggt o.ther things, the :previous and present inability of
Hepburn & Dundas, to make a good title to this

1816. ,,.'-,
Hepburn & Dundas
1)unp , co.
.

VOL. .-

c 5 Cranch, 262. 2A

186

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. land; and praying that the agreement may be set

HHepburn
Dundas
V.
3Dunldp &
Co.

aside, and the debt awarded to Dunlop & -Co., with the interest thereon, to be decreed; or, that, if the
court should consider Dunlop & Co. under 'anobligation to accept of the land; that only the reasonable

value of the land at the time when Hepburn & Dun-

das's title to it was perjected, should be allowed.

The bill, also, contains the general prayer for such

relief as is consistent with equity.

Hepburn & Dundas seem to have given a very dif-

ferent constructiofi to the above decree, and suppos-

ing that if, within a raasonable time after it was pro-

nounced, they could remove the objections to their

title which were pointed out in the decree, they might still call for a specific performance, they soon ob-

tained a conveyance from the heirs of Thomag West,

of all th,;ir' right, title, and interest in and to this land,

and on "the27th of March, 1809, less than a month

after the decree of dismission by this court, they

offered to con-vey to Auld a good and sufficient title.

This offer being refused, Hepburn & Dundas'filed a

bill against Colin Auld, as attorney of Dunlop & Co.,

setting forth their ability and readiness to convey

an unexceptionable title to this land, and praying that

Auld, or Dunlop & Co., might be compelled to accept

of a conveyance, and to pay the difference between

the agreed value of the land and the sum awarded.

These suits came on to be heaid at the same time.

In the suit brought by Dunlop & Co., against Hep-

burn & Dndas, it was decreed by the court below

that Hepburn and the heirs of Dundas should pay

t(, Dunlop & Co., or their agent, the sum of 33,060

dollarb 37 cents, being the amount of the sum award-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ed, with-interest thereon, at five per cent., from the 1st January, 1800, till the time of rendering the decree; but that the .sum of 21,112 dollars, part thereof, might be discharged by a conveyance, withiri a certain time, of the above land to Auld in trust for Dunlop & Co. From this decree an appeal was prayed by both parties.
In the other suit, brought by Hepburn & Dundas against Auld' a decree was made, that upon the complainant's paying to Auld, as attorney of Dunlop &-Co., the sum of 11,966 dollars 37 cents, and conveying-to the said Auld, in trust for Dunlop & Co., on or before a certain day, the above-mentioned land, the said Auld, as attorney of -said Dunlop & Co., should execute and deliver to Hepburn & Dundas duch. a receipt and discharge of all- the claims and demands of Dunlbp & Co. against them as the court might approve. From this decree both sides agaipappealed.
Against so much of these decrees as compel Auld to accept of a conveyance in trust for Dunlop &Co.q in part discharge of the debt decreed to be'paid by Hepburn & Dunda's to Dunlop & Co., the following -objection -haiVe -been made, and are now to be considered.
1st., That Hepburn & Dundas were guilty of a fraudulent misrepresentation of the value of this land; and, also, of a wilfihl concealment of the defects in the title, whereby Auld was induced to enter into the agreement of September, 1799.
2d. A want of authority in Colin Auld to enter into an agreement for taking a conveyance of land in discharge of the debt due tb Dunlop &Co.

1816.
Hepburn,& Dunaas Dunlop &
Co

188

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. 3d. The refusal of Hepburn & Dundas to assigg 'lu]Iepbtun & Grahams contract, on the 2d of January, 1800, ex-
Thundas cept upon a conditron which, they had no right to
V.
Dunlop & exact, and their interference in the suit with GraCo. ham's heirs, and the compromise maie with them, whereby (it is contended) they disabled, themselves from executing the agreement of September, 1799. 4th. That the title to the land is yet defective. 5th. That the former decree, dismissing Hepburn
& Dundas's bill for a specific performance, is a per-
petual bar to the relief sought by their present bill. 6th. That Dunlop & Co. being aliens, and incapa-
ble of holding lands Jn Virginia, a court of equity will not compel them to execute their agreement, even if Hepburn & Dundas had been always in a condition to perform it on their part.
1. The first objection appears to be unsupported, by the evidence. In respect to the value of the land, the representations made of it in the letters of lepburn & Dundas to Dunlop & Co., and to Colin Auld, affirm no fact which is proved io be untrue. Those letters contain expressions of the opinion of Hepburn & Dundas, that the land was an ample security for the debt due to Dunlop & Co.; and it must be ad-
mitted, that in their letter to Colin Auld of tl~e 6th of September, 1799, they seem to have indulged themselves in very extravagant notions of its value. lBut it is to be remarked that the grounds of this calculation are fairly stated in the letter, and an opportunity is afforded to Auld to inquire into them and to judge for himself: besides which, it should be recullkcted that Auld having agreed, in his letter

OF THE UNITED STATES.
uf the 4th of: September, two days before the date 1816. of this letter, to stibmit to the award of arbitrators,- Hepburn.& and to receive an assignment of Graham's contract Dundas at. the stipulated sum to be paid by Graham,'Hep- D.lop & burn & Dundas could have had no motive, at that Co. time, to make. an untrue representation of the value *of the land. At no antecedent period does it appear that they had made an uncandid statement, upon this subject, to Dunlop & Co., or to Auld. Their opinion of the real value of the property might be incorrect; but a mistaken opinion of.the value of the property, if honestly enteitained, and stated as opinion merely, unaccompanied by an assertion, or statement, untrue in fact, can never be considered as a fraudulent misrepresentation. That Hel'burrt.& Dundas intended no deception, is. evident from the folloving considerations: *1. That the offer made by them, to Colin Auld, of this land, was that of a se-. curity only, for the debt due to Dunlop &Cb., which was-declined by Auld, upon the groun'd, that if payment of the debt to Dunlop & Co. wds to'be -postponed until the suit with Graham should be conA cluded, Dunlop & Co. ought to be entitled to all the benefit of the contract with Graham, and for this reason, a proposition was made by hiim to accept an assignment of that contract, and to pay the difference between the purchase money and interest thereon, and the sum which might be awarded,. in case the latter should fall short of the former. 2. That Hepburn & Duhdas had, in the year 1796, sold this land to Graham for the sum at which Auld agreed iotake it, and.as evidence of their opinion, that the

190

CASES N THE SUPREME COURT

1816. land had., since that sale, risen in value, they. had jh-

'

stituted a suit at law against Graham in order to

Hepbu~rn &

Dundas avoid the sale, and to recover back, the land. It aily

-Dunlop & farther answer to this-objection be necessary, it may Co. be sufficient to add, that the fraud now charged

against Hepburn & Dundas was not thought of, and certainly not imputed to them, when the former suit of Hepburn & Dundas, for a specific, performance, was depending. - As to the'alleged concealment by Hepburn & Dundas of defects in their title, there is every reason to believe that they were unknown to them until

some time in the year 1805, when they endeavoured to remove them, and supposed they had done so. The only objection suggested by the special verdict in the ejectment, was the want, of a partition deed between, the original grantees of this land, which objection-othis court has declared to be. insufficient to bar Hepburn & Dundas from asking for a specific performance of the agreement.
2. The next objection to the decree below is, that

Auld had no authority, in virtue of the power of attorney from Dunlop & Co., to enter into an agreement to receive land in discharge of the debt due by Hepburn & Dundas.
This, like the former, is a new objection, not thought of, or argued, as a reason against a specific performance in the former suit. It is unnecessary to' examine, with critical nicety, the import of the expressions. used in the power of attorney to Auld. He was empowered to sue for, and to compound and agree, for,all debts due to Dut4lop &.Co., and, .in.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

general, to do all other lawful acts-needful for those purposes, as fully as Dunlop & Co. could do. Under this authority, he entered inio the agreement with
Hepburn & Dundas, which, there is no reason to doubt, he communicated in due time to his constituents, and it is perfectly fair to consider their acquiescence in that agteement as amounting to a ratification of it. It would. be -most inequitable to permit Dunlop & Co., at the distance of many years after this agreement was made, to .controvert the authority of their agent, and to say they are not bound to perform. it, although it must be admitted that, during all that time, it was" in their power to enforce it against Hepburn & Dundas, had it been their wish or interest to do so.
3. The third objection to the decrees below, is the refusal of Hepburn &Dundas to assign Graham's contract on the 2d January, 1800,except upon a condition which he had no right to exact, and their interference in the -suitwith Graham's heirs, and the compromise made with them. In ahswer to the differeift parts of this objection, it might be sufficient to remark, that they were urged by Colin Auld in his answe to Hepburn & Dundas's former bill; that they were considered by thi court, and decided to be insufficient to deprive Hepburi & Dundas of the relief prayed for. However true the allegation may be, that Hepburn & Dundas refused, to assign Graham's contract, and to deliver the power of attorney to Auld on the 2d of January, 1800, unless Auld would'first execute a release of allclaims and demands of Dunlop & Co. against Hepblrn & Dundas, yet the subse-

1816.
Hepburn&
Dundas
V.
Dunlop & Co.

192

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. quent conduct of Auld amounted to a waiver of all  - - .objections on that account: his, and his counsel's,
Hepburn &
Dundas letters to Edward Graham, ihwhich he was assertV. ed to be the assignee of the contract with Graham
Dunlop & CO. his instructiofis to Cook to attend to the ejeetment,
and to get it brought to a speedy decision; his engaging counsel in that suit; and, -isnhort, his whole conduct throughout the year 1800, all tend to prove, that the transaction of the 2d of January, 1800,'had not, in any manner, impaired the rights of the parties under the agreement now alleged to have been violated by Hepburn & Dundas.
As to the compromise said to have been made by H11pburn & Dundas with the claimants under Graham, their conduct, upon that occasion, appears to have been unexceptionable. That a judgnient against those claimants, at an early day, was anxiously ddsired by -Auld,and the assistance of Hepburn & Dundas, to effect that object, was expected and reqtired by him, is apparent, from the above letters from him to Edward Graham, and from many other factsproved in the former suit. The endeavours of. Auld to hasten the decision of the ejecttnent, and to obtain a judgment for the land, seem to have been unremitting, until some time in December, 1800, when he declined interfering any farther in the business ; but, neither then, nor at any subseqient period, did -he express to Hepburn & Dundas a disin-' clination to obtain a judgment, nor did he forbid them from proceeding to effect it. It is objected, under this head, that Hepburn & Dundas, contrary to an express stipulation in the agreement with Auld, re-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
leased to the defendants in the ejectment the right isic. which, as trustee for Auld, they had to demand
Hepburn &
mesne profits during the time that Hibpbtwn & Dun- Dunoas das had been out of possession of the land; and, Dunlop & f&rther, that they consented to permit Those defend- Co. ants to retain possession of the premises for a year after the judgment was rendered. Neither of these "allegations are supported by the evidence in the cause. The agreement made by Hepburn & Dundas with the heirs of Graham, in relation to the costs of the uit and the mesne profits, disavows, in the most explicit terms, all power iri them, and all intention to release either of those claims, but stipulates to indemnify those defendants against these claims, in case they should be made and enforced'by Auld, who is declared to be alOne entitled, to make them. This contract of indemnity, therefore, did not amount to a release, nor did it impair the rights of Dunlop & Co. under their agreement with Hepburn & Dundas. As to the remainder of this objection, it is founded altogether upon the deposition of Mr. Sh.effey, the counsel for Gralham's heirs, which, as it is explained by the same witness in'a suibsequent deposition, proves no more, than that such a propositi6n had been made by Edward Graham to Mr. Hepburn. That it was not accepted by him, is manifest by the judgment itself, which is unconditional, as well as by an agreement made between Hepburn & Dundas and Edward Graham, the-day after thejudgment was entered. 4. The next objection is, that the title of Hep-.
VOL. .B

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
116. "burn & Dundas to this land, or to some part thereo!. Sis still defective.
HDepobuunrdns & In the opinion given by this court, at February Duflop & terin, 1809, in the suit brought by Hepburn & Dun-
Co. das, for a specific performance, the title was declared
to be unexceptionable except, 1st. As to 208 acres, being the part of Sarah Bronaugh's 1,0P0 acres, to which Thomas West was entitled as one of the heirs of Mrs. Bronaugh, and of Francfna Turner, and, 2dly. As to 1,000 acres, the original share of Thomas West, which had been conveyed by hfim" to Hepburn & Dundas by a deed which had not been recorded. These defects have since been cured by a conveyance to Hepburn & Dundas by the heirs of Thomas West, bearing date the 20th of March, 1809, of all their title to the aforesaid parcels of land.
It is, nevertheless, contended, that this conveyance is insufficient to pass a clear and undisputed title.; inasmuch as the land may be bound by the claims of creditors, or of purchasers subsequent to the deed. from Thomas West to Hepburn & Dundas. The answer given at the bar to these suggestiobs is en-, tirely satisfactory to the court. If the land be exposed to the claims of subsequent purchasers or mortgagees under West, to be effectual against Hepburn & Dundas, the deeds must have been recorded within eight months after the death of West. at the latest period, either in the. general court, or in the district.or county court where the land lies. Had any such. deeds been so recorded, it was in the power of Auld to have proved the fact by the re-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

195

-cords of some one of those courts, and the want of 18W.

such proof destroys all presumption that apy such Hepbtlrn&

conveyances .were. nade.

Dudnas

As to'judgments against West, they too must. be DulVop_&"

of record; and, after a -lapse-of 10 years sinie.'hi's o.

death, the cQurt cannot presume the existejice .of

such judgments. As to specialties in whicli--'he

heir, of West are bound, if there be such, which is

not proved, they cannot -affect this land in the hands

of a bonafde puichaser under those heirs.

5. The- next objection made to the decrees be-

low, is, that the dismission of the -former bill of Hep-

burn & Dundas, for. a specific -performance, is a bar

to their present bill for the same object.. This ob-

jection is well founded. If a bill, by .the vendor of

land, seeking a specific performance of the contract,

be dismissed on account of a defect in the title, .he

doors of a court of equity are, and ought to be, for

ever closed against him, notwithstanding he should,

afterwards, have it in his power. fo make a good

title; unless, perhaps, in a case where an original

bill, in the nature of a bill of review, might be enter-

tained. But the present bill is not founded upon

new matter, discovered since the *hearing of the

former cause, and which it -was not in the power of

Hepburn & Dundas to produce at that time. It is

not pretended that he was ignorant who were the henis of Thomas West, or that he could not as well-

have procured-a deed from them before, asafter the

former decree. His ignorance was not of a matter of

fact, but of law. He erroneously supposed that his

title wais good, and on adcount of the defe.cts existipg

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. in it, at the time of the decree, his bill was dismissed.

"
Hep;iurn &

The

rule

of

the

court

of

equity

to

decree

a

specific

DunV.das performance, if the vepdor is able to make a good

Dupiop & title before the decree is pronounced, is an indulCo. gence which lie is not en.titled to by the terms of his

contract. A majority of this court approves of the rule as a general une, but is not disposed to extend it as such. If, in a case peculiarly circumstanced, an extension of the time for completing the title would be proposed, and should be intended to be granted, the court would either continue the cause, in order to give the vendor time to perfect his title, or would dismiss the bill withQut prejudice.
The questions, then, which remain to be decided, are, 1st. Whether Dunlop & Co. are entitled to the relief for which they specifically prayed ? and if not, then, 2dly. Are they entitled to any other, and what relief, under the general prayer in their -bill?
1st. ,Therelief specifically prayed for consists of two parts, 1st. That the agreement of Septeniber, 1799, may be rescinded, and the sum awarded, with interest, decreed to be paid. If this should be denied, and Dtnlop & Co.. be compelled to receive, a conveyance of the land, then, 2dly. That the reasonable value only of the land at the time when the title was p-rfected should be allowed.
As to the 1st. Most of the objections which have been u'rged against the decree of the court below, for a specific perfbrmance, were relied upon by the counsel for Dunlop & Co., as sufficient to set aside the contract. These have already been considered, and the result has been shown -to be, that, if the bill

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of Hepburn & Dundas, for a specific performance, 1816. were unaffected by the dismission of their former Hepburn & bill, none of these objections would be sufficient to Dundas preclude them from the relief sought by their pre- Dunlop , sent bill. 'If so, they are insufficient to enable Dun- Co. lop & Co. to obtain a decree to rescind the contract. There are many cases in which a court of equity, although it would not decree a specific perfrrmance, will yei refuse to order a contract to be cancelled. The inability of the vendor to make a good title at. the time the decree is- to be pronounced, furnishes a very good reason for excluding him from relief in a court of equity; and yet it does not follow that the court will, for this reason merely, set aside the .contract. Generally speaking, a court of law is competent to afford an adequate remedy to either party,
for a breach of the contract by the other, from whatever cause it may have proceeded; and whenever this is the case, a resort to a court of equity is im'proper.
But if the contract ought not, in conscience, to bind one of the parties, as if he had acted under a mist.ke, or was imposed 1ipon by the other party, or the like,, a court of equity will interpose and afford a relief, which a court of common law cannot, by. setting.aside the contract; and having thus obtained jurisdiction of the principal question, that court will proceed to make such other decree a4 the justice and equity of the case may require. Whether inability in the vendor to make a title, is, of itself, unattended by some peculiar circumstances of hard:' ship, sufficient to justify the court in..setting aside

198

CASES IN THE SUPREMEt COURT

1816. the contract, need not now be decided. This is cer-

"

tainly not a case where the exercise of this branch

Hepburn &:

Dundas of equity jurisdiction can be fairly 'demanded' by

V.
l& Dunlop & Co. Within a month after the recovery Co. of the judgment 'against the heirs of Graham, Hep-

burn &Dundas tendered to Colin Auld a conveyance of the land, which was refused, not on account of any defect in the title, but for reasons 'which would equally have operated with, him had there been' noc such defect." Immediately after the defects in the title were pointed out by this court, they were remo.ed, and the conveyance of an unexceptionable title was tendered and refused. Had Hepburn &
Dundas been in a condition to make such -a title a month sooner, this court, instead of dismissing their bill, would have decreed a specific performance. Under such circumstances it would be inequitable to set aside the contract. The alienage of the com-. plainarts is urged as an additional reason for setting aside this conti'act. Although the incapacity of the purchaser to hold land might afford a reason fr dernying a specific performance upon the prayer of Hepburn & Dundas, (a point, however, not intended to be decided,) it is certainly insufficient to entitle the vendor, under the circumstances of this -case, to a decree to rescind the contract. But the court .does not -mean to intimate an opinion that the terms of this contract did expose this land to the danger which is apprehended.
It appears by the. contract, and the 'previous correspondence between these parties, that they contemplated a sale of- this land, in- the event of the con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tract with Graham being rescinded, and that the 1816. proceeds thereof should, be paid over to Auld, in Hepburn & discharge of so much of the debt due by Hepburn Dundas & Dundas to Dunlop-& Co., as the purchase money Dunlop & due by Graham, yith interest thereon to.the 1st bf Co. January, 1800, .ivould amount t6; and this whether the land should sell for more or less than that sum. In this view of the case, the land was considered as a security for a stipulated sum, and Hepburn & Dundas were constituted trustees for whoever might becom the purchasers of it. A conveyance to Aiuld or to Dunlop & Co. does not *appear to have been contemplated. But if, in point of law, it should be truethat Auld,, by Pegledting. to proceed. agpinst Graham's representatives for the recbvery 'of the land, in the name of Hepburn & Dundas, separated the interests of his constituents, this.cansurelyaffor1
n6 souna reason for setting aside the contract. It is
sufficient if Hepburn. & Dundas are able and ready to make a conveyance when they shall be required
'to do so.
2d. The other specific relief prayed for, is, tha.t Hepburn & Dundas m'ay be credited on accountof the land. for no more than its real value iin March, 1809, when a conyeyance was tendered and refused. A decree of this sort would be an anomaly in the jurisprudence of a court of equity.' It would be an affectation of decreeing a-specific performance contrary to the terms of the contract upon which' the decree is to ophrate. It would be, in fact, to make a cohtract for the parties alto,ether different from what they had made for themselves, and het to de-

.200

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. cree an execution of it. There is no precedent, and

certainln r p o

Hepburn &

iy no princip*e of equity to sanction such, a

Dundas decree. Either the contract of the parties must be

V.
Dunlop & executed according to the terms of it, or it cannot Co. be executed at all.

The only remaining question, then, is, whether. under the general prafyer, the court can grant any, and what relief?
There can be no question but that it is competent to Dunlop & Co., to ask for a specific performance of the agreement, so far as it can now be performed, ,altiough the court cannot, listen to a similar prayer from Hepburn & Dundas. But this is not the relief specifically stated in this bill; and it is supposed to be unreasonable to compel a specific peribrmance under the general prayer for relief, in opposition to the specific prayer that the contract may be set aside. To this objection,- it may well be answered, that if it be improper' to rescind, or to modii4, the contract, nothing remains to be done, under the gefieral
prayer, but to dismiss the bill, or to decree an execution of the contract. But. as the former cannot be presumed to be the object of the general prayer, it would seem to follow -that an execution of the contract was intended to be asked for,. in case the specific relief should be denied.
For these reasons the court will decree a specific performance, so far as it is practicable, and considering Hepburn & Dundas as trustees for the perbon or persons to whom this land may be iold. t.he conveyance will be decreed to be made to such persons

OF THE UNITED STATES.

201

as may become the purchasers of the land under- the

decree of this court.

The residue of the decree below, whih allows to

the complainants, Dunlop & Co., interest upon the

sum awarded from the 1st of January,'1 800, to the

time of the decree, is objected to by Hepburn &

Dundas, upon the ground that the purchaser of land,

to whom neither a conveyance has been made, or

possession delivered, is to be considered in equity as

the owner, and, of course, entitled to the rents and

profits; and that the right of the vendor to the pur-

chase money draws after it a correspondent right to

demand interest upon the same until it is paid. This,

it must be acknowledged, is the general principle

which prevails in the courts of equity.

But it would seem to be inequitable to apply it

to a case like the present. Here the purchase

money was in the hands of the vendor at the time the contract was made. It consisted of a debt due

by the Vendor to the purchaser, which the former

bound himself, by. his agreement, to discharge by bills of exchange or cash, or by an assignment of a

contract for land, bnd a conveyance of a good title

to it, and with money to make up any deficiency

which might arise Tby the agreed price of the land

falling short of the debt. Neither bills nor cash

were paid, nor was the contract assigned, or a con.

veyance made, for it turned out ihat the vendor

could not make a good title to the whole of the land

until March, 1809. They have always retained possessibn, and the land :is, in reality, unproductive of

profits in any measure. eq ual to the. interest on the

VOL.. .2

C

1816.
H-epburn DuVn.das Dunlop &
Co.

202

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1s1. debt. This debt unquestionably bore interest from

'"

'"the

Hlepburn &

moment

it

was

ascertained

and

agreed. to

b'e

Dundas paid; and not having been paid, nor a tender of a

V.
Dunrop & good title to the land made, until March, 1809, it 0. -would be highly unjust to stop interest on the debt,

!lntil that period.

The written arguments of the counsel, whch have

been sent-to the court, present two questions in re,

lation to interest, which remain to be noticed. It is

contended, "by the counsel for Dunlop & Co., that

interest ought to"be calculated upon the sum com-

posed of principal ann interest, stated, by the arbi-

irators, t6 be due on the 1st of Jauuary, I800, at tht

rate of 6 per cent. per annum, from that day. On

the other side it is insisted that no more thAn 5 per

cent. per annum should be allowed, and this not oq

the sur found by the arbitrators to bd due, but

upon the principal sum only. 9The court is of opipion, that, although the award

.does iot direct the. sum which is found to be due.

by Hepbuin & Dundas to be paid to Dunlop & -Co.,

yet it ascertains the sum which was due on the

1st of January, 1800, and the agreement upon

whidh the submission was mgade bound Hepburn &

Dundas to pay that Sum when it should be so ascer-

tained. Tl two, mnstrumefts, taken together,

awfount to a contract .oWpay a specific sum, and are,

c9early \Within the wo;.as, as well as the fair inter-

pretation of the law of Virginia, passed in the year

1796, which fifed the rate of interest at.6 per cent.

per annum.. This principle b-cing settled, it follows that the inter6st must be calculated upon the sum

OF THE fINITED) STATES.

203

asdertained by the award to. be due on the istof 1816.

January, 1810.- To separate the principal from the .interest, even if the award furnished materials for such an operation, would be, in effect, to set'aside the award, and to vary te agreement with which it

Hepburn . Dundas
V.
DunCl.op &

is,intimately connected.

It is therefore the opinion of the court, that Hep-

burn & Dundas ought to pay interest upon the sum

awarded by the arbitrators, after the rate of 6 per

cent. per annum, from the 1st of January, 1800, to

the 27th of March, 1809, when they we-re Able. to

make, and did in fact tender, a good and sufficient

conveyance to the agent of Dunlop & Co. From

the 27.th of March, 1809, interest ought to stop; but

Hepburn & Dunda ought to account with Dunlop

& Co., for the -rents and profits of the 6,000 acres of

land from that period to the time of tendering this

decree,'.

dIn the.progress of society the defects of the common law to answer the.exigeicies of a civilized and commercial age became mandifest. It was particularly in not furnishing an adequate remedy for the -breach of contracts; where the spirit of the agreement vequired a specific performance, that these defects were disclosed. For, except in real actions and ejectment, where the prceedings are inrem, and the actions of detinue and replevin, where the thing sued for is specifically recovered a court of common law uniformly gives a compensatibn in money fir civil injuries, whether

arising ex contractu or ex defictu. This remedy is frequently insuficient to repair the- injury sus.
tained by the parties, and to place them in the sapne situation they were in before the breach of the contract. Hence the origin ofthAt jurisdiction, which, although it was long contested*by the courts of common law, has at lingth. been firnmly established, and matureq into a regular system. This system is, hoivever, remarkably subject to -6e exercise of discretior accordingto the peculiar circum-
stances of each particular case. But few inflexible rules can therefore be laid down concerning iti

204

CASES IN THE SYJPREM CORT

1816. J DECREE.--These causes came on to be heard this Hepburn & 8th day of February, 1816, on the transcript of the,

Dundas

V.
Dunl p & Ce.

Among those admitting of the fewest exceptions are the fol-

And the couirt will exercise its discretion, and leave the contract

lowing :-st. This equitable juris- at law, rather than compel a pur-

diction extends to all cases where chaser to take a doubtful title. I

either the res in dispute, or thq Ves.jun. 565. 2 P. Will. 19R. 2

party, is within the jurisdiction of Ve8. 679. 1 Bro. C. C. 74. 4

the court; for it proceeds- in JBro. C. C. 80. 4 Ver. jun. 97.

personam as well as in rem, and 5 Ves. jun." 186.--4th. If the

wherever the laht or other thing vendor can make a good title at

in controversy is not within its the time the conveyance is to be

reach, it will compel the specific made under t6e decree of the

performance of an agreement by court, a specific perforniance will

means of its appropriate process acting on the parties. I Ves. 447. 454.-:2d. A specific performance will not- be decreed of an agaeeMent whercopon" damages could

be decreed. 0 P. Will. 630. 1 Atk. 12 "10 Ves. jun. 315. S Cranch, 262. 8 Vet. jun. 655. 7
'es. jun. 202.-5th. In the construction of a contract, it is con-

not be recoveredat law. But if sidered as executed from the time

an action at law cannot be main- of its being entered into, unless

tained on account of a mere formal some other time be stipulated for

defect of the instrument, the its execution. And so powerful

Pgreement 1will be enforced in is this rule, that by an equitable

equity. I Fee. 256. 1 P. Will.243. fiction, it is held td alter the very

And thtere are also several other nature of things, to mifake land

cases of exceptions to this general money, and, on the contrary, to

rule, where, although the agree- make money land. Upon this

ment was void at law, a specific principle, land which is sold is cola-,

performance has been decreed, sidered in equity as the property of

there being a clear ground for the interference of equity, according

the yendee from the making of, the cohtract, and descendible and

to the general' rules of the court. devisable as such. 2 Fern. 536.

2Eq. Cas.Abr. 32. pl. 43. 2 Fern, 1 P..Will. 872. 3 P. Will 215. 7 480. 2 P. Will. 243: 2 Fern.24.- Ves.jun. 29.-Oth. In decreeing

3 P. Will. 187.-2d. A specific -the specific performance of an

performance will not be decreed agreement, time may be dispensed

where .the parties have. an ade- with ifitbe not of the essence of the

quate remedy at law. 8 Ve. jan. contract. 1 Atk. 12. 2P. Will. 630. 163. Z Scoales , Leroy, 553. SCranch,262. 7-es.jun.273. K,

OF THE UNITED STATES..

265

records, and 'were argued by counsel, whereupon, 1816. it is decreed and ordered, tha the decree of the-
Hepburn &
circuit court of the district of Columbia for the coun- Dunaas ty of Alexandria, in'the suit of William Hepburn and Dunlop & V. the heirs and executors of John Dundas against CO.
Colin Add, agent and attorney in fact for John Dunlop & Co., be reversed and annulled, .and this court, proceeding to give such -decree as the said circuit court ought to have given, it is further ordered and decreed that the said bill be dismissed.
And it is firtiher decreed and ordered, that the. decree in the suit of John Dunlop & Co. against William Hepburn and the heirs and executors of John Dundas be reyersed, each party paying his own costs in this court. And this court, proceeding to give such decree in the said suit as the said circuit court ought to have given, it is decreed and ordered that the defendants, William Hepburn and the executors and executrix of John Dundas, do, on or before the first day of April next, pay to the
complainants, John Dunlop & Co. or to their
agent or attorney, duly authorized to receive the

Ves. jun. 326. 4 Bro. C. C. 329. 1 Ves. 450. But where there has I een gross laches on the part of the plaintifr, a bill.for specific performance will be dismissed. 5 Ves. jun. 145.736. 81.8. 4 Ves. jun. 667. 686. 1Bro. P. C. 27. 2 Eq. Cat
.Abr. 686. pl. 5.-7th. r raud will vitiate a contract in equity as well as at law, and consequently a fraidulent agreement will not be spe-

cifically enrorced. And the morality of a court of equity, if the expression may be ullowed, id even more strict than that of a court of law in .this particular, for suppressio veri, as well as s-ggestiofals is a ground for refusing to carry
an agreement into effect. 3 .All. 383. 2 .iUk. 271. 1 .Bro. C. C. 440. Imbl. 49'. 10 Ves. jun, .192;

206

CASES IN THE SUPREM)E COURT

1816.
Hepbr
Dunaas Duwop &
C-o.

same, the sum of nine thousand .one hundred and forty three dollars and seventy two cents, being the difference between the sum of nineteen thousand fou' hundred and sixty-four dollars and twenty-four cents, the value in current money at the par of exchange

of the sterling debt stated in Athe award of William Hartshorne, William Herbert, and William Hodgson, to be. due by Hepburn & Dundas to 'John Dunlop, with interest thereon after the rate of 6 per centunt per annum from the first day of January, 1800, to the 27th of March, 1809, and twenty-one thousand one hundred and 'twelve dollarsi the sum due upon William Graham's contract on the 'first day of January, in; the year 1800.
It is farther decreed and ordered, that the 6,006 acres of land in the pro'ceedIngs mentioned, be sold at public auction to the highest bidder, at such times, in such proportions, and upon such terms as John Dunlop & Co., or their agent or attorney in fact, may direct, and that the proceeds of such sales, be paid over to the said John Dunlop & Co., or their agent or attorney as aforesaid; and upon such sale or sales being made, it is decreed ahd ordered, that the said William Hepburn, or his legal representatives, and the legal representatives of John Dundas, deceased, dol by good and sufficient- deed, or deeds, in law, to be prepared at the expense of John Dunlop & Co., convey the aforesaid land to the purchaser or purchasers thereof, in fee simple, with a general warranty, and free from all incumbrances. And it is farther ordered and decreed, that the sales of the aforesaid land be made under tlhc superint'endance

OF THE UNITED STATFM.

207

of Colin Auld, the attorney in fact -f John Dunlop 1816. & Co., or of such other person or persons as the" Hepburn,& said circuit court may appoint, in case the said Colin Dudas

Auld should decline to serve, or the said circuit court should see good cause to make such other appointment.
And it is farther ordered and decreed, that the defendants,.William Hepburn and the executors and executrix of John Dundas, deceased, do make up, state, and settle, before a commissioner, or commissioners, to be appointed by the said circuit court, an account of the rents and profits of the said 6,000 acres. of land since the 27th day of March, 1809, and that they pay over the same to the complainants, John Dunlop & Co., or to their l.wful agent or attorney.
And this cause is remanded to the said circuit court for such proceedings to be had therein, for carrying into execution the decree of this court in the premises.e

Dunlop & Co.

Mr. J. LrVY730STON and Ajr. J. STORY, did nct sit in this causS.

