OF THE UNITED STATES.

.plaintif, of certain lands in that state? In delivering the opinion of tbe court, Mr. Justice Joxsso stated that, "Had the 11th section of the judiciary Act covered the whole ground of the consti. tution, there would be much reason for exercising this power in many cases, wherein some minis.. terial act is necessary to the completion of-an individual right, ariging-under the laws of the United
States, andthe 14th section of the same act would sanction the issu-
ing of the writ for sueh a purpose. 'Wit, although the judicial power of the United States extends to cases arising under the laws of the tUnted'States, the legislature has not (bought proper to delegate Ifeeercise of that power to-its circuit courts. except in certain specified cases. When questions arise underthase laws in the state courts, and the party who claims .a rinht or privilege under them is unsuccissful, an appeal'is given ,p the supreme court, and this

provision the legislature has thought sufficient, at present, for all the political purpuses intended to be answered by the clause of the constitution which relates to this subject." The power of tho supreme court to issue writs of mandhmus to the other courts of the United States, has been fre. quently exercised. The United States v. Peters, 5 Cranc, 115. Livingston v. Dorgenois. 7 Cranch, 577. But in the case of Hunter'v. Martin's lessee, are, vol. 1, p. 304., the court, in pro. nouncing its opinion upon its appellate jurisdiction in causes brought from the highest court of law or equity of a state, deemed it unnecessary to give any.apinion on the question, whether this court has authority to enforce its own judgments on appeal, by is. suing a writ of mandamus to the state court, as the 'question was not thought necessarily involved in the decision of that cause. lb. 36 .

1817.
The London Packet.

-The Log i -PACKET. $ fno,'C101im'nt
It is the practice of this court, in prize causes, to hear the cause, in the first instance, upon the evidence transmitted from the circuit

372

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1817.

court, and to decide upon that evidence whether it ib propori to a]-

~ low farther proof.

The London Affidavits to be used as farthet proof in causes of admiralty and marl-

Packet, time jurisdiction in this court must be taken by a commission.

Moch 5th

IN the argument of this cause, Mr. Winder, for
the claimant, stated, that there was an affidavit an., nexed to the record, which was taken under the okder for farther proof, in the court below, but which, not arriving until after the deciee of condemnation wan pronounced, was ordered by the circuit court, to ba transmitted, de bene esse, for the consideration of this couit. He farther stated, that he had qdditional pr&Qfs, taken since that time, to be used in this. court; and he asked whether he should now bd per. mitted to read these proofs, in order to show what was the nature of the evidence which existed, td clear awafy any former doubts in the cause.

[Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL. The court is of opinion that the'affidavit transmitted from the circuit court 'may be now read. Btit as to the new proof now offered by the claimant, it is the practice of this court to hear the cause in the first instance, upon. the evidence transmitted from the ciruit court, and to decide upon that evidence whether it isproper tQ allow farther proof. The new proof cannotitherefore, be now read; but, as.the opposite party wishes it, the counsel may state the nature, of the proof, though not the -contents thereof in"dotail, If Jbq

OF THE. UNITED STATES.

373 .

"ease shall :ultimately appear entitled to farther 1817.

proof, an order will be made for that purpose,]

Leaox

Farther proof was ordered in the cause.

V.
]Robert-.
Mlarch 1Oe.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the claimant, offered to read mar& Isth. aflidavits, as farther proof, which had not been taken under a commission, But they were rejected by the court; the cause was continued to the next term; and the farther proof ordered to be taken under a commission, according to the rule of court of the 'present' term.
Cause continuedq

a Vide Apim~inx, Note I.

'LENox et al. v. ROBERTS.
Where all the property of the late bank of the United States had been assigned by a general assignment in trust to assignees, for the purpose of liquidating its affairs, Quxre, Wether any action at law could he .mpintainedby the assignees, on certain promissory notes, endosed to, and thq property of the bank, which had not been spe. cialy assigned nor endorsed to the assignees ?
However this may be, it is.lear that a suit in equity might be main, tained by the assignees against the parties to the notes.
A demand of payment of a promissory note must be made of the ma14'ron t4e last day of grace; and where the endorser resides in a

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Otis V.
Walter.

JUDG.MENT. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the circuit court of the United States for the county. of Washington, and wasargued by counsel. All which being seen arid
considered, it is the opinion of this court that there is'error in the proceedings of the said circuit court, in this, that the said court refused to'instruct the jury .on the application of.the counsel for the plaintiff, that on the facts given in evidence to them, if believed, the plaintiff was entitled to recover in that action; wherefore it is considered by this court, that the said judgment of the said circuit court be re-
versed and annulled, and that the cause be remanded to the said court to be proceeded in according to law.

(coMMoN LAW.)
OTIS V. WALTER.
Ii seizures under the embargo laws, the law itself is a sufficient justification to the seizing officer whero the discharge of duty is tho rcal motive, and not the pretext for dotention, and it is not necessary -o show probable cause.
But the embargo act of the 25th of April, 1808, related only to vessels ostensibly bound to some port in the United States, and a seizure after the termination of the voyage is unjustifiable; and no further detention of the cargo is lawful than what is necessarily dependent on the detention of the vessel.
It is not indispensable to the termination of a voyage that the vessel should arrive at the terminus of her original destination; but'it may be.produced by stranding, stress of weather, or any other cause in,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ducing her to enter another port with a view to terminato her voyage bona file. But if a vessel, not actually arriving atherport of original destination, excites an honest suspicion in the mind of the coliecfor that hr demand of a permit to land the cargo was merely colourable, this is not a termination of the voyage so as to preclude the right of detention.

1817.
Otis V. Walter.

ERROR to the supreme judicial court -ofthe state of Massachusetts.
This was an action of trover brought in the state court, in which Walter, the plaintiff in that court, recovered of Otis, the defendant in that court, damages for the conversion of sundry articles constituting the cargo of a vessel called the Ten Sisters, The defendant in the court below, collector of the port of Barnstable, in Massachusetts, had detained the vessel under suspicion of an intention to violate the embargo laws, particularly the act of the 25th of April, 1808, see. 6. anid 11. The vessel sailed from.Ipswich with a cargo of flour, tar, and rice, in order to carry the same to Barnstable, or to a place called -Bass river in Yarmouth; and proceeded to Hyannis, in the collection district of Barnstable. On her arrival there, the master applied to the collector for a permit to land the cargo, which was refused by the latter, who 8hortly afterwards seized and detained the vessel under the abovem~ntioned acts. This detention was given in evidence as a defence to the action under the general issue, and the chief justice of the supreme court of Massachusetts instructed the jury "that the said several matters and things, so allowed and proved,

20

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1$17. Otis
Otis
V. Walter.

were- not sufficient to bar the plaintiff of his said action, nor did they constitute or amount to any do-
fence whatever in the action," &c. Whereupon tho jury found a verdict, and the court rendered a judg-
ment for the plaintiff.

Feb, 5th.

The Attorne-General,for the plaintiff in error,
argued, that this case. rell under the principle of that
of Crowell v. M'Fadon,a and it would appear that the; vessel was in itinere; but that even if this were
not the state of the case, the jury ought to have been left to make their own inference from the-facts, and not to have been charged by thIe judge that no defence whatever was made out.

Mr. Read, for the defendant in error, contended, that the case of Otis v. Baconb was perfectly in point, and showed that the vessel, having arrived at 'her port of discharge, wan no longer within the operation of the embargo laws; and that if theecollector's defence was not comhpletely made out-if it was, in any respect, nxaterially defective, it was not made out at all,

ro. 2st,

Mr. Justice JOHNsON delivered the o~inlon of thi "court., This was an action of trover, brodght in the state court of Massachusetts, in which Waiter, the plaintiff in that court, recovered of Otis damages for the conversion of rendey articles 'constituting the cargo of a vessel called the Tenf Sisters.

e;3 Crarch,94.

b 0 Oranch, 689.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Otis, the colleetor of Barnstable, had detained the vessel under suspicion of an intention to violate the einbargo laws. (Act of the 25th of April, 1808, sec. 6. and i.)
i has already been decided, in,such cases,' that it is.not necessary to show probable cause; that the law confides in the discretion of the collector, and is, in itself, a sufficient justifijcation, when -the di chargeof duty is the realmotive, and not the pretext for detention. But it has also been decided, that the law relates only to vessels ostensibly bound to some port in the United States; that a seizure is unjustifiable after the termination of a voyage; and that no further detention of the cargo is lawful than what is necessarily dependent upon the detention of the vessel.
In this case there was no ground for charging the collector with oppression or malversation; and the only point insited on in the argument was, that she had actually terminated her voyage. As the clearance is not in evidence in the cause, we are obliged to take the termini of the voyage from the testimony of the captain, who swears that he sailed from Ipswich -with a cargo of. tar, flour, and rice, to carry the same to Barnstable, in'the county of Barnstable, or to a place called Bass river, in Yarmouth, in said county ;" that he "proceeded to Hyanni.s, -in the district of BarnMstable ; that on his- arrival there he applied for' a permit *to land, which Was refused-by the 'collector, who, in a day or two afterwards, seized.the vessel; and detained her -under the embargo acts." Ipswich lies to the north of the pen-

21 '1817.
V. Walter.

2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
o'
W . Walter.

insula which terminates in Cape Cod; the port oil bay of Barnstable on the north side of that peninsula; Bass River and Hyannis Bay on the south; all of them known as distinct places, but all lying within the county and collection district of Barnstable. And although Hyannis Bay lies within the'district of Barnstable; yet to reach it in sailing from Ipswich you must pass both the towA of Barnstable and the mouth of Bass River.
The defence- of the collector in the state court was founded on the authority to detain vested in him by the act of congress. The instruction of the chief
justice of that state was in these words: "that the said several matters and things, so allowed and proved, were not sufficient to bar the plaintiff of his said action, nor did they constitute or amomnt to any defence whatever in the action."
Instructions couche;d in such general terms may serve to embarrass a'court exercising appellate jurisdiction; but it is a mistake to suppose that it precludes such a court from a view of the errors which may -have been, committed on the trial. It has before beeri decided, that it only obliges this court to look through the whole cause, and examine if there be nothing in -itwhich ought to have called forth a different instruction or judgment. In this case wq are of opinion that, conformably to our former decisions, the instruction given cobld only have been
sanctioned on the supposition that the vessel had actually terminated her voyage. But here it'is contended 'that' this court stand' committed by an ad-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

mission in the case of Otis v. Bacon;' that a destination to Barnstable is satisfied by an arrival in Hyannis Bay.
We have looked into the record in that case, and find that it will support no such inference. It is true that Mud-hole, the place at which the vessel had arrivedin that case, is in Hyannis Bay. But the question of fact did not arise, for the collector had acquiesced in the termination of the voyage there, by actually' granting a permit to land. And the grant of the permit was expressly made a ground, in the state court, -of the instruction to the jury. Now, it is not indispensable to the termination of the voyage that the vessel should arrive at the terminus ad qum she was destined. It may as well be produced by stranding,'by Atress of weather, or by any other cause inducing her to enter another port, honestly,'with a yiew to teriminate her voyage. But 'ifb. vessel, not actually arriving at her port of destination, excites an honest suspicion in the mihd of the collector, that her demand of a permit was merely colourable, we are of opinion that this can neither be held to be an actual, or admitted termination of -the voyage, so as to preclude the right of detention. Had the destination in this case been generally to Barnstable, orrthe town of Barnstable, there may have been some colour of ground for arguing that her arrival at Hyannis was .the termination of her voyage; but as the destination was expressly to Barnstable or Bass -river, within the county of

1817.
V. Walter.

c 7 Granch, 589.

1817.
"plaOcteiss
V.
Walter.

OASES IN TUE SUPBEME COURTJV
Barnstable, her arrival at one or tbe other of those was indispensable to the termination of her
voyage, supposing her really, in fact, to have had no ulterior destination.
But a destination may be colourable, and intended only to mask an ulterior and illegal destination; and hence, we are o(,opinion that, unless the fact be conceded by some such unequivocal act as was done by the collector in the.case of Otis v. Bacon, it is a question which ought to be left in the instruction of the court open to the jury. And that if any positive instruction un tile subject had been given to the jury in this cause, it ought to have been in favour of the defendant, as the arrival in Hyannis Bay would not have been deemed a legal termination of the voyage, either on a policy of insurance, a charterparty, bottomry bond, or any other maritime contract.
A majority of the court are- therefore of opinion, that the court of Massachusetts erred in this case, and that the judgment ought to be reversed.

Mr. Jiistice STORY did not sit in this cause.

Judgment reversed.

196
1817.
RuthVer.ford Greene's hbirs.

GASES, IN THE SUPREME COURT
(LOCAL LAW.)
RUTIHERFORD v. GREENE'S heirs.

A question relative to the title of the late M1jor-Genoral Nathaniel Greene, to 25,000 acres of land given tp him, within the bounds of the land reserved for the use of thp army, by the 10th section of tho act of the legislature of North Carolina, passed in 1782, as a mark of the sense entertained by that state of his eminent services.

THis was a bill in chancery, filed in the circuit pourt for the district of Tennessee, by the appellant, against the heira of the late Major-General Greene.

Yeb. 24th.

The cause was argued by Mr. Campbell and Mr.
Harper, for the appellant, and by Mr. Law and id.
Jones, for the appellees.

March 4th.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHAmL delivered the opinion
of the court. As this case depends entirely on the validity of
Greene's title, the court will notice only so much of the record as respects that title.
In the year 1777 the state of North Carolina opened a land-office, for the purpose of selling' till the vacant lands east of a line described in the apt, . In the year 1780 an act passed, reserving 'a cer-
tain tract of country for the. officers and soldiers of the line of that state.
This act is lost.

OF THE UNITED STATES7

197

In the year'1782 an act passed, "for the relief of the officeis and soldiers in the continental line, and *for other purposes therein mentioned." This act gives certain specified quantities of land to the officers and soldiers; then the 7th section commences thus: "And, whereas, in May, 1780, an act passed at Newburn, reserving a certain tract of country to be appropriated to the aforesaid purposes, and it being represented to this present assembly, that sundry families had, before the passing the said act, settled 'on the said tract of country, Be it enacted," &c. The section then proceeds to grant 640 acres of land to each family which had so settled. The 8th section appoints commissioners to lay off, in one or more tracts; the land allotted to the officers and soldiers, The 10thsection enacts, "that 25,000 acres of land shall be allotted for, and given to, Major-General. Nathaniel Greene, his heirs and assigns, within the bounds of the lands reserved for the use of the army, to be laid off by the aforesaid commissioners, as a mark of the high sense this state entertains of the extraordinary services of that brave and gallant officer."
This is the foundation of the title of the appellees.
On the, part of the appellant it is contended, that these words give nothing. They are in the future, not in the present tense; and indicate an intention to give in future, but create no present obligation on the-state, nor present interest in General Greene.
The court thinks differently. The words are words of absolutb donation, not indeed of any speci-

1817.
Rutherford
Gieeva.n's hei.

198

CASES IN THE' SUPEUE COURT'

1sit.
BBRddt'htebrfrord
V.
hrns

fic land, but of 25,000 acres in the territoky set apart for the officers and soldiers:
"Be it enacted, that 25,0Q0 acres of land shall be
alloted for and given to Major-General Nathjaniel,

Greene," Persons had been 'appointed in a previoua sectiop to make particular allotments for individuals,' out of.this large territory reserved, and the words of this section contain a positive mandate to them to set apart 25,000 acres for General Greene. As tle act was to be performed in future, the words directing. it are necessarily in the future tense. "Twenty-fiveo thou~and acres of land shall be alictted for, and given to, Major-General Nathaniel Greene." Given when ? The answer is unavoidable-when they shall be allotted. Given how? Not by any future act ;-for it is not the ljractice of legislation to enact, that a law shall be passed ty some'future legislature :-but given by force of this' act.'
It has been said, that, to make this an operative gift, the words "are hereby" should have been inserted before the word "given ;" so as to read, "shall be allotted for, and are hereby given to," &c. "Were it even true that these words would make the gift more explicit, which is not admitted, it surely cannot "be necessary now to say, that the validity of a legis. lative act depends, in no degree, or its containing the technical terms usual in a conveyance. Nothing can be more apparent-than the intention of the legislature to brdbr their commissioners to make the allot. ment, and to give the land when allotted to General Green6.
The I lth section auttiorizes the commissioners to

OF TIIE UNITED STATES.

199

:appoint surveyors, foi 'the purpbse of sufveyibg the lands given by the precbding sections of the law.
In pursuance of the direcfions of tbii act the cornmissioners allotted 25 000 acres of ladd to'General Greene, and caused the tract to be surveyed. The .survey was returned to thie office of the'legislatuie, on the I1th of March, in the y6ar 1783. The allotment and survey inarlied out the land given by the act of 1782, ancl separated it from the genieral fiabi; liable to appropriation by others. The general gift of 25,000 acres, lying in"the, territory reserved for the officers and soldiers of the line 'of N6fth'Carolina, had',ow become'a particular gift of the 25,060 acres, contained in this sirvey.
Against this' conclugion has Been urged that rticle in the constitutih of North Carolita which di. ;ects that there should be a seal of the state to be kept by the gverfidr, and affixed to all grants. This lekislative, act, it is'said, cannot amount to a grant, 'since it wants a' formality required by the constitution.
This pvovisiop of the constitution is so obviously intended for the completion and authentication of an instrument, attestinga title previously created by law, 'which instrument is so obviously the mere evidence of prior legal appropriation, "and no't the act of original appropriation itself, :that the court would certainly have thought it unnecessary to 'advert to it, had not the argument been urged rep'eatedly, and 'with much earnestness, by counsel of the highest re-
spectability. After urging that these lands were not positively

1817.
GreVen.c'u imim.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

181.7.
itutherford
V.
reem

granted to General Greene, the counsel for the ap.' pellant proceeded to argue that it was in the power of thelegislature to retract its promise, and that the legislature had retracted it.
Before attempting the difficult task' of describing the limits of the legislative power in cases where those limits are not fixe8 by a 'written consti,. :an, the court will proceed to inquire whether the government of North Carolina has, ip fact, revoked its peomise, or recalled its gift,
At a session, begun on the 12th of'April, 1783, the assembly passed 'an act for opening the land office," thereby extending the line describhing- the country in which lands might be entered so far west as to'comprehend the territory reserved for the offi-. cers and soldiers of the North Carolina line.
The 11 th section of this act contains a proviso saving from entiy the, lands within the botunds re.' served for the officers and soldiers.
At the same session an act was-paised "to amend the act for the relief of the officers and soldiers of the continental .line, and for other purposes."
The first six sections of this act prescribe .the 'maode .ofindividual appropriation, and of obtaining titles.
The 7th section "For prevention of disputes," enacts, "that the officers and soldiers aforesaid, shall enter and survey the lands within the following lines, 1Beginning," &c.
'This section, it is said, changes the place reserved, and marks, out a new territory for the otficers ,and soldiers. it is, then, contended, that this act, and

6Fo THt UNWITEb STATES.

2,901

the preceding act fbi' opening thelknd offibe, ire to 1817.

be construed

together,

and 6

the

provisn

of the

Ith Rutherrord1

section of that act applied to the 7th section of this; V.

by which operation the whole territory before re- hameu.

served for the officers and soldiers, including the

land surveyed for General Greene, Is -opened foi'

entry.

The court does not concur with the counsel fo

the appellant in any part of this argument.

There is nothing in the law leading to the opi-

zion that the place reserved for the officers and sol-

diers was changed. The fair construction of th6

acts is that the reserve was restricted to narrower

limits, not transferred to different ground.

It has been contended, that the court is restraibed

from giving this construction to the acts undei'

consideration, because the bill avers that the

place was changed, and the demurrer admits the

fact.

The court will not inquire whether this averment is fcdnded on an apparent misconstruction of the

law, nd is, therefore, to be disregarded; or is thd

averment of a fact compatible with the law; because

the fact itself does not essentially affect the case.

If the place in.which lands were reserved gene-

rally for the officers and soldiers, but not individually -appropriated, was 'changed; the individual appro-

priation- made for General Greene, within their

original limits, was not also changed. The act did

not profess to remove him with them, and he con-

VOL. IT

Cc.

202

0ASEt IN THE SUPREME COURT

18,1T.
Reutherford
V. Gre-ne's

sequently remained on the same ground, protected by his pre-existing title, whatever it might be.
But it is contended, that his title was annulled by the general authority given in the 9th section of the

act, to enter all the lands within the enlarged limits then opened to purchasers.
To this argument it is answered, 1st. That the 1 th section reserves the land allotted to the officers and soldiers, then comprehending the land surveyed for General Greene, and, 2dly. That a general permission to enter lands within a given tract of country must, of necessity, be limited to lands not previously appropriated. The positive exception contained in the 1 th section, it is said by the appellant, must be applied to the land reserved to the officers and soldiers by the subsequent apt changing their position ; because the two acts must be taken together; and if 'so, there is no exception comprehending the lands of General Greene. The two acts have distinct objects. The first e,)ens a land office for the purpose of redeeming the public debt by the sale 'of lands; and the second prescribes the manner in which officers and soldiers are to obtain titles -for lands given to them by the state, and amends an act passed at a previous sessioz on the same day. The legislature has 'not considered the reserve in the first act as transferred into the second; but has, by the 8th section of the second act, re-enacted in a modified manner the prohibition
intendedfor the protection of those for whom this reserve was expressly made.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

20

But let it be conceded that the proviso bf the 11th section was repealed by implication, when the position of the officers and soldiers was changed, and a new prohibition -enacted and applied to the new reserve; still it would be difficult to maintain that this silent repeal, implied from the removal of the object for which it was originally and chiefly intended, should apply to another object originally preserved by the provision, and for which it conti-
nues to be necessary. But the court does not found its opinion on this
position, however well it may be supported by justice. The proposition is believed to 'be perfectly correct, that the act of 1783,'which opened 1he land office, must be construed as offering for sale those lands only which were then liable to appropriation, not those which had before been individually appropriated. Whatever the legislative power may be, its acts ought never to be so construed as to subvert the rights of property, unless its intention so to do shall be expressed in such terms as to admit of no doubt, and to show a clear design to effect the object. No general terms intended for, property to which they may be fairly applicable, and not particularly applied by the legislature; no silent, implied, and constructive repeals, ought ever to be so understood as to devest a vested right.
But it is contended, that this construction of the acts of 1783 is forced upon us. because the rights of others, and not.the right of General Greene, are exempted from the operation of that section which of-

1817.
'Rutherford
V.
Greece'a holn,

Z04

OASES IN TE SUPREME COURT

1817. fprs for sale all the land within the described terri-

Ntory;

'and the exception of one object exqlq4qa

1Autherford

GreVen.e's otIhers-of the same cliaracter.

lem. Without inquiripg what would be the force of thi

argument, if, in point of fact, xights similar to thesp

of General Greene were.received, and his o0ntted,

-letthe fact be examined.

The first reservation in the act for opening the

land office, related to the lands of the Cherokee In-

dians.

Nothing could be more obvious thAn. the necpasi-

ty, as well as propriety, of prohibiting ql1 patvies

on Indian lands lying within the boundary offered

foi- sale, if the legislature intended they. sbold not

be -entered. The Indian title was not derived from

the state-of North Carolina; and to infer from the

recognition of this title, that others actually derived

from te'state, if not also recognized, are annulled,

is ndt admitted to be correct reasoning.

The only other reserve in this act is of the land

wiihin the limits allotted to the officers and soldiers,

and witfiin. these limits vas the land surveyed for

General Greene.

Our attention is next directed to the act to amend

the act "for the relief of the officer4 and soldiers," &c.

This act narrowg.the limits within which the milita-

ry lands shall be surveyed, or changes them, so that)

in "either case, the land$ of General Greene are no

longer within them. Nothing can b more obvious

than that provisions relating to lands within this par-

ticular territory can ,have no implied application to

OF THE DNIED ST4EP.
title pre'viously acqpiired by G.Qneral Prepne to lands not lying within it.
The 8th sictjon of. th.e zct prohibits all persons from entering lands within the hounds allotted to the officers and soldiers.
The 9th section excepts out of this prohibition the commissioners and surveyors, &c., appointed to lPy off the military lands, and prescribes the mode by which they may appropriate and acquire title to lands given to them by the legislature.
The 13th section enacts that Governor Martin and David Wilson be entitled, agreeably to the report of the committee, to two thousand acres of land each, adjacent to lands allotted to officers and soldiers for which they may receive titles in the same manner as the officers and soldiers.
The insertion of this reservation in this act leads almost necessarily to the opinion that the lands granted-to Martin and Wilson were a part of those to which the act related; and the words of the sec-tion show that their title was acquired by this act. By no course of just reasoning can it be inferred from these permissions to make appropriations within bounds not open to entry generally, that a vested right to lands not lying within the limits to which this act relates, is annulled.
It is clearly and unanimously the opinion of this court that the act of 1782 vested a title in-General Greene to 25,000 acres of land, to be laid off within the bounds allotted to the officers and soldiery, and that the survey made in pursuance of that act, and returned in March, 1783, gave precision to that title.

1817.'
GI.
(GreenA
becil

206
1817.
%Johnson V.
Pannel's
bei.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and attached it to the land surveyed. , That his rights are not impaired by the aes of 1783, and the entry of the appellant, all of which ard'subsequent
to his survey; and that it is completed by the grant which issued in pursuance of the act of 1784, and which relates to the inception of his title. The decree of the circuit court, dismissing tiue bill of the complainant, is affirmed, with costs.

Decree affirmed.

<LOCAL LAW.).
JoHNSONV. PANNEL's heirs.
It is essential to the validity of an entry, that the land intended to be appropriated should be so described as to give notice of the appropriation to subsequent locators.
In taking the distance from one point to another on a largo river, the measurement is to be with its meanders, and not in a direct line.
In ascertaining a place to be found by its distance from another place, the vague words "about" or "nearly" and the like, aro to be rejected, if there are no other words rendering it necessary to retain them.: and the distance mentioned is to be taken positively.
Entries made in a wilderness, most generally referring to some prominent and notorious natural object, which may direct the attention to the neighbourhood in which the land is placed, and then to some particular object exactly describing it; the first of these is donouinated the general or de criptive call,and the last the particular or loce'ive call of the entry, Reasonable certainty is required in both : if tne descriptive call will not inform a subsequent locator in vhit neighhnurhod he is to search for the land, the entry is de.

206
1817.
%Johnson V.
Pannel's
bei.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and attached it to the land surveyed. , That his rights are not impaired by the aes of 1783, and the entry of the appellant, all of which ard'subsequent
to his survey; and that it is completed by the grant which issued in pursuance of the act of 1784, and which relates to the inception of his title. The decree of the circuit court, dismissing tiue bill of the complainant, is affirmed, with costs.

Decree affirmed.

<LOCAL LAW.).
JoHNSONV. PANNEL's heirs.
It is essential to the validity of an entry, that the land intended to be appropriated should be so described as to give notice of the appropriation to subsequent locators.
In taking the distance from one point to another on a largo river, the measurement is to be with its meanders, and not in a direct line.
In ascertaining a place to be found by its distance from another place, the vague words "about" or "nearly" and the like, aro to be rejected, if there are no other words rendering it necessary to retain them.: and the distance mentioned is to be taken positively.
Entries made in a wilderness, most generally referring to some prominent and notorious natural object, which may direct the attention to the neighbourhood in which the land is placed, and then to some particular object exactly describing it; the first of these is donouinated the general or de criptive call,and the last the particular or loce'ive call of the entry, Reasonable certainty is required in both : if tne descriptive call will not inform a subsequent locator in vhit neighhnurhod he is to search for the land, the entry is de.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

207

ftctive, unless the particuarobject is one of sufficient notoriety. f,after having reached the neighbourhood, the locative object cannotbe found within the limits of the descriptive calk:, the entry is also defective. A single call may, at the same time, be of such a nature (as. for example, a spring of general notoriety) as to constitute within itself both a call of descriptionand of location; but,
'if this cal be accompanied with another, such as a marked trez aZ the spritg, it seems to be required that both should be satisfied. The call for an unmarked tree of a kind which is common in the neighbourhood of a place sufficiently described by the other prts of the entry to be fixed with certainty may be considered as an ir6Snaerial call. Therefore, where the entry was in the following words, "D. P. en-
ters 2,000 acres on a treasury warrant on the Ohio, about twelve miles below the mouth of Licking.beginning at a hiccory and sugar tree on the river bank, running up the river from thence 1,060 poles, thence at right angles-to the same, and back for quantity," it was held that the call for a sugar tree might be declared immaterial, and the location be sustained on the other calls.
The entry was decreed to be surveyed, beginniog 12 miles below the "mouth of Licking on the bank of the Ohio, and .runniog up that river 1,060 poles; which line was to form the base of a rectangular parallelogram to include 2,000 acres of land.

1817.
Johnsoa V.
Pannel'o heirs.

Tais cause was argued by Mr. Talbot, for the Feb. 2th appellants, and Mr. X. B. Hardin,for the respondents.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHAT Ldelivered the opinion of the court.
This case depends on the validity.and construction of an entry made in the state of Kentucky by David Pannel, the ancestor of the appellees, in these words: "'David Pannel enteri 2,000 acres on a treasury warrant on thp Ohio, about twelve -miles beIow the moutth of Licking, beginning at a hiceory -and sugar tree on the river bank, running up the

Marcli 6th.

CASES IN THE 51URI5I0E COURT
1817. river froin thenbe 1,060 p6lbs, thence atright &ngleb to the same and back for quantity."
Y. The appellant having obtained an elde" Jatent heirs. fobthe satae lAnd 'n A junior entry, the appbllibes
brought a bill in the circdit court for the district of Kentucky, sitting inchaticory, praying that the defbndant, ii that c6urt, might be decrbbd tb cohVby to them.' The circuit court directed the entry of the complainant to be surveyed, beginhing twelve iiies below the mouth of Licking, b the bank of thb Ohio, and running up that river 1,060 poles; which line was to form the base of a rectangular parallelgr'am, to include 2,000 acres of land. So much of this land as was within Pannell's patent, and also within Johnson's patent, the cdurt decreed the defendant tb con*ey to the plaintiffs. From this de,ure-e the defendant has appealed to this court.
He contends that the decree is erroneous, because, 1st. It affirms the validity of this entry, which i5 too uncertain and defective to be established. 2d. If the entry be established, it ought to be so surveyed that the whole land should lie twelve miles below the mouth of Licking. First. It is undoubtedly essential to the validity of an entry, that it shall be made so specially and precisely that others may be enabled, with certainty, to locate the adjacent residuum. Th9 land intended to be app ropriated, must consequently be so described as to give notice of the appropriation to subsequent locaters. In obtaining this information, however, it would seem to be the plain dictate of co'mon sense, that the person about to take up adjoin-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ijig lands, would read the whole of a previous entry

Which he wished to avoid, compare together its di:.

ferent parts, and judge, from the entire description,

what land was appropriated. If with common at-

tention5 and common intelligence, the lani could be

ascertained and avoided, the requisites of the law

would seem to be complied with.

Test Pannel's entry by this standard.

The mouth of Licking is a place of acknowledged

and universal notoriety, which no man in the country

could be at a loss to find. When placed there, he

is'informed by the entry that Pannel's land lies

twelve miles below him on the Ohio. He proceeds

down the river twelve miles, and is thcre informed

that the entry begins at a hiccory and sugal tree on

the river bank. He looks around him and sees hic-

cory and sugar trees. Here, then, he would say,

while oninformed of decisions which have since been

made, is the beginning of the entry. Id what di-

rection does the land lie? The paper which is to

give his information says, "running up the river

from thence 1060 poles, thence at right angles to the

same, and back, for quantity." Would he say this

description is repugnant in itself, containing equal

and contradictory directions, neither of which is en-

titled to any preference over the other, and leaving

the judgment in such a state of doubt and perplex-

ity as t 9 be incapable of deciding the real position

of this land ? Would he say the whole land must

lie twelve miles from the mouth of Licking ? This

is so clearly and definitely required, that the entry

will admit of no other construction? That the sub-

"voT. Ih

D .1

209
1817.
Johmoa
Panvn.elgz heim.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1817. sequent words direoting him to run up the river J~ohnsan fromi that point 1,060 poles, and thus approach the Pann,.e.l's 'mouth of Licking, are not explanatory but contraheir1, dictory ? That the one or the other must be totally
discarded? Were this the real imprpssion which would be made on the mind, it cannot be denied that the state of qncertainty in which these equal and irreconcilable descriptions would place a subsequent locator, ought. to vitiate the entry. But if, on the contrary, the obvious and natural construction would be that; since every part bf the land cannot be placed precisely twelve miles below the mouth of Licking, the distance is applicable to any part of the tract, and this part of the description may be so explained and controlled by other parts, as to receive a meaning different from that which it would have if standing alone; then the subsequent locator would take the whole description together, and if its different parts could, without difficulty, be reconciled, he would reconcile them. He would say the beginning must be twelve miles from the mouth of Licking, but the residue 9f the land muqt approach that place because the entry requires positively to run from the beginning up the river. This would, it is thought, be the manner in which this entry would be understood by a person guided by no other light than is furnished by human reason. But the courts of Kentucky have congtructed
vast and complex system, on the entire preservatibf of which iheir property depends, and this court will respect that system as much as the courts ofKezitucky themselves.

OP THE UNITED STATES.

I'll

-in applying the decisions of that country to this cause, we find many points now settled which were formerly controverted questions. In taking the distance from one point to inother on a large river, the measurement is to be with its meanders, not in *a direct line. And in ascertaining a place to be found by its distance from another place, the vague words "about," or "1zcalry," and the like, are to be discarded, if there are no other words rendering it necessary to retain them; and the distance mentioned is to be taken positively. A subsequent locator, then, must look for the beginning called for in this eritry twelve miles below the mouth of Licking, mea. sured by the meanders of the Ohio.
In construing locations some other principles have been established which seem to be considered as fundamental. Entries made in a wilderness would most generally refer to some prominent and notorious object which might direct the attention to the neighbourhood in which the land. was placed; and then to some particular object which should exactly describe it. The first of these has been denbminated the general or- descriptive call, and the last the particular or locative call, of the entry. Reasonable certainty has always been required in both. "If the descriptive call will not inform a subsequent locator in what neigbourhood he is to search for the land, the entry is defective, unless the particular object be one of sufficient notoriety. If, after having reached the neighbourhood, the locative object cannot be found within the limits orthe descriptive call, the entry is equally defective. They must

1817. 'o'nZo/
V. eir,.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Johnson
V.
PVannel's
heirs,

both be found, and neither can be discarded unless deemed immaterial. A single call may be, at the same time, so notorious and so formed, as, for exam-
pie, a spring of general notoriety, as to constitute in itself a call both of description and location; but if this call be accompanied with another, as a marked tree at the spring, it seems to be required that
botl: calls should be satisfied. Tb -, in the case now under the consideration of
the court, the call for a beginning twelve miks below the mouth of Licking wolld be sufficiently descriptive, and is sufficiently precise to be locative, It would be unquestionably good, were it not accompanied with the additional call for a hiccory and sugar tree. Whether it is vitiated by this additional call, is to be determined by a reference to the de. cisions in Kentucky.
The case of Grutbset. l v. Rice, (2 Bibb, 107.) depended on the validity of an entry made in these words: "James Thomas enters 300 acres of lan , &c., on the south side of Kentucky, about two mile below the mouth of Red River, beginning at a tree marked I. S. on the bank of the river, and running down the river for quantity."
No tree marked I. P. was found at or near the dis, tance required. It was proved that a tree had been marked I. S. by the person who afterwards made the entry for Thomas, and that it stood on tie soutl Pide of Kentucky; but instead of being two miles it was three miles and a quarter, by the meanders of the river, and two miles and two-tbirdi of a mile on
direct Povrse, below the mouth of R~d Riyvr,

OF THE UNITE) STATES.
The inferior court disregarded the call for the tree, and fixed the beginning of the entry at'the termination of two miles below the mouth of Red River. On an appeal this decree was reversed, and Judge Wallace, in delivering the opinion of the court, said, "This rejection of the call for the tree marked I. S. is certainly subversive of the well-established prin-. ciple, that no part of an entry ought to be rejected, unless what is evidently "heresurplusage, or absolutely repugnant to other expressions \vhich are more important; because to do more would not be construing entries, but making them. But the expression Iabout two miles below the mouth of Red River,' is obviously only a general call, and to substitute this in the place of the expression ' beginning at a tree marked I. S., &c.,' which is the only special or locative call in the entry, is still more inadmissible."
The case of Kincaidv. Blythe and others, (2 Bibb, 479.) turned on the validity of an entry made" on a branch of Silver Creek, about four miles from the little fort on Boone's old trace, including a tree marked D. B." In this case too the inferior court disregarded the call for the tree, which could not be proved to have existed when the location was made, and directed the land to be surveyed at the termi. nation of the distance of four miles from the little Fort. On appeal, this decree also -was reversed, and, in delivering the opinion of the court, Judge Wallace said, "It is evident that when the entry Was made, Boones" old trace, the little Fort, and Silver Creek, were all well known by those names to the geperalit7 of those who were conversant in

213 1817.
v.
heim.

214

CASES IN THE SUPREME COORT

1817.
' Johnson
ranVn.eIl's beirs.

the vicinity. And it further appears, that about four miles from the little Fort, on a southern diiection, Boone's old trace struck Hayes' fork of Silver
Creek, which may be presumed to be the.branch of Silver Creek intended; and, if the entry contained no other calls, it would deserve serious consideration whether the place where the trace crossed Hayes' fork 'ofSilver Creek ought not to be assumed as the centre of the survey to be made thereon. But this entry calls. to include a tree marked D. B., which is obviously a locative and material call, and, therefore, conformably.to the uniform decisions of this court o" similar'entries, must be taken into con-$ sideration in deciding on this entry."
These cases are admitted to have settled the law to be that' a nmaterial locative call, as for a marked tree, cannot be disregarded; and that, if the existence of the tree cannot be proved, the entry cannot be sustained. The only distinction between these cases and that under the consideration of the court is that, in them, the entries call fbr a marked tree; in this it calls for a sugar tree andhccory, not stating them to be marked. For the importance of this distinction we are-again referred to the decisions
of Kentucky. The case of Greenup v. Lyn's heirs, turned on an
entry of land "lying on Kentucky river, opposite to Leesburg, beginning at a beach tree and running up the river and back, for quantity." The validity of this entry was affirmed in the inferior court, and, on an appeal, was also .affirmed in the superior court,

OF THE UNITED ,STATES.

215

I delivering the opinion of the superior court, Judge Logan said, "Had the only call in the entry been to lie on the river oppbsite to Leesburg, we should have concurred with the circuit court in the manner of surveying it, by running up and down the river equal distances from a point opposite the centre of Leesburg; and if the call to'begin at "a Beach Tree" had been the only other call, we should still have thought that opinion correct, as the common growth of the timber there is beech, and a tree of the description could have been had at almost any point within the limits of the claim. This circumstances we conceive, ought not to affect the entry; for whether the call is regarded or rejected, in the construction of the entry, is totally *immaterial; because, it seems to the court that where an uncertainty arises from the number of objects presented, answering the calls of an entry, and it has other calls sufficiently precise to sustain it, that, of the many doubtful objects, that should be taken as intended, which will best preserve the consistency of the others; and in thi" case it seems the call for the tree could be complied with without changing in the least the, position given by the first call, so that it is left as an immaterial call. We are more confirmed in this opinion when we consider that the entry, from any other view, must be invalid for uncertainty, although we believe no one could doubt, from a liberal and just construction of it, as to the general body and position of the land it calls for."

1817. .Johmoa
V. h

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT,

Yonison
V. 1'haeninr'es.l's

This case, if not overruledo certainly goes far ia

Sdistinguishing

between a call for a marked tree, and

r

ior a tree not marked ; provided such trees as the

call requires, are found about the place Where the

entry must begin. It goes further, and strongly in-

dicates the opinion that an unmarked tree was an

object of less importanee in the mind of the locater

tbnn nne selected from all others by a mark pecu-

liar to itself. While the latter must have been

deemed importa.nt, and have strongly fixed his at-

tention, the former may have been thought not very

essential. Coming to the place whbre he Intended

to b zin5 looking around him when there, and seeing

trees of a particular kind from the common growth,

he might suppose it unimportant at which of these

trees he should commence and call for one of them. In such a case, a court may well say "whet libr the call

is regarded or rejected in the construction of the

entry is totally immaterial." There is much reason

for this opinion. Certainty is required in entries for

the purpose of giving notice to subsequent locators,

The subsequent locator who comes to the place de-

scribed in the entry, in order to find the land he

wishes to avoid, will, if a marked tree be called for,

search for that marked tree; and, if it cannot be

found, may well conclude that this is not the land

intended to be appropriated; but ff only a tree iq

called for, and trees stand all around him, he will

naturally supuose that the nearest may be taken as

a beginning; and that to him it is quite immaterial

whether the commencement be at the spot on which

lie stands, or within ten feet or ten yards of him,

OP THE UNITED STAXES.

The subsequent locator is not misled by this call; 1817.

nor is there any danger of hisM mistaking the position " Johnson

of the land. It is not without reason, therefore, v.
Prannel's
that the call is pronounced immaterial, and one helr.

which may be regarded or rejected. The entry

may be sustained by. other calls which are sufficient-

ly precise to sustain it.

If in the case at bar it had been proved that sugar

trdes and hiccories were as common at the termina-

tion of twelve miles from the mouth of. Licking, as

the beech tree opposite to Leesburg, the two

eases would, in this respect, be precisely alike. But

this is not proved. Only one witness has been ex-

amined to this point, and his testimony is that there

are pugar trees on the bank of the Ohio, in the neigh-

bourhood, and that the maple or sugar tree might be

found for many miles above and below the corner,

standing within fifty yards of each other, on the se-

cond bank of the river. The report of the survey-

or shows that three elms and a hiccory stood at the

termination of the twelve miles from the mouth of'

Licking.

There would certainly be much difficulty in sup-

porting this as a locative call, although it is not ab-

solutely certain that it might not be so supported.

The not less important question is, whether it may

-be considered as an immaterial call. No case has

been cited in which the call for an unmarked tree

has been thought material; and there are cases in

which a circumstance not important in itself, has

been dispensed with. The difference between call-

ing for a marked and an unmarked tree has been

VoL. II.

Ee

218

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUI T

1817. already notided. It is difficult to suppose that thoqr Johnson are viewed as equally importpnt by the person
V. making the entry, or by a subsequent locator. If
Pannel's
heirs. ' the person. making the entry designed to select for the beginning a particular tree, in exclusion of all others, it is in a high degree improbable that he should omit to mark it. If he made .the entry from memory, then the place only, and not the particular tree, would be the objecl to which his mind would
attach importance. So with the subsequent locator, The distance would bring him to the place, or sufficiently near to it for every beneficial purpose, and whether a sugar tree and 'hiccory stood at the end 6f twelve miles as measured by his cbain,.or within thirty, forty, or fifty yards, would not essentially zVary his views with respect to adjacent lands. He could not doubt, to use the expression of the court in the case of Greenup'v. Lyn's heirs, "as to the general body and position .of the land" described in the entry. The opinion that the call for an unmarked tree of a kind which is common in the neigh,bourhood of a place suffibiently described by other parts of the entry to be fixed with certainty, may be considered as an immaterial call, is supported by the decision of the court in the case which has been last mentioned. Although iri. that case the judge shows that a tree might be found to satisfy the call at the place fixed as the beginning, yet it is apparent that different places within a few yards of each other would answer equally well for the beginning, and that different trees might be selected fbr that
purpose. And the judge, after stating that this call

OF THE UNITED STATES.

"19

iaight either be considered as satisfied, or iu itself immaterial, proceeds to show that he thought it im-
-
material. " Regarding," he proceedt to say, "1the call'for a beech-tree as immaterial, we come to consider," &c.
Upon the authority of the case of Greenup v. Lyne's heirs, then, and upon a view of the whole of this entry, it would seem that the call for the sugar -tree and biccory may be declared immaterial, and the lbcation be sustained on its other calls.
The second queslion is, in what manner ought tbis-'entry to be surveyed ?
It is admitted to be a general principle that, where a location calls for land'to lie a given distance from a given point, the whole land must be placed at or beyond that distance, if there be no other words in the location which control this construction, But it is not admitted that this call can overrule
the plain meaning of the whole entry taken togethiet. It is believed to be unquestionably decided that every material part of the entry is to be c6nsidered, and that such construction is to be put upon the whole as is best adapted to all its material calls.
This principle was laid.-down in Greenup v. Lyne's heirs, which, on this point, bears a strong analogy to that under the -consideration of the court. In Greenup v. Lyne's heirs, the entry,called for land "lying on Kentucky river, opposite to Leesburg, beginning at a beech tree, and running up the river and back for quantity."
It is perfectly settled in Kentucky, that on a call for land lying opposite to Lesburg, the centre of the

1817.
Johnson
V.
Pannel'd
hcirs.

220
1817,
Johnson
PannVpe.l's
heirs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT1
land would be placed opposite to thp centro of the Stown, and a square would be formed on a base line running up and down the river, to include the quantity. The entry could not otherwise be sustained. The inferior court laid off this entry in that manner; and the appellate court' declared that it would be the proper manner, were there not other words in it which controlled this general description by one which was more particular. That more particular description was "running up the river and back for quantity."
These cases ar6 in principle the same. The one calls for land twelve miles below the mouth of Licking, which description would require land the near-, est part of which is at the given distance; the other calls for land lying opposite Leesburg, which requires a tract the centre of which is opposite to the centre of the town.. The one calls for a beginning at a sugar tree and hiccory, without naming a place for the beginning otherwise than by the description of the position of the land; the other calls for a beech tree under precisely the same circumstances. In the case of Greenup v. Lyne's heirs, the words "running up the river and back for quantity" have changed the place of beginning from the centre to the lower end of the town, and the position of the land, so that instead of lying above and below Leesburg, in equal quantities, it lies entirely above that place. Why shall not the same words influence in the same manner, the position of Pannel's land ?
From the language of Pannel's entry, every man would .xpect the survey to begin at the place called

OF THE UNITED STATES.

for, twelve miles below the mouth of Licking. If that is not the beginning the location is unquestionably uncertain and void. If that is the beginning it is the plain mandate of the entry to run up the river 1,060 poles and back for quantity.
It is the opinion of the majority of the court that the decree ought to be affirmed, with costs.

1817:
Patteron
V.
Tbstate.d

Decree affirmed.

(coMMoN LAW.)
PATTERSON v. the UNITED STATES.-
A verdict is bad, if it varies from the issue in a substantial matter, or if it find only a part of that which is in issue; and, though the court may give form toageneral finding, so as to make it harmonize with the issue, yet, if it appears thai the finding is different from the issue, or is confined to a part only of the matter in issue, io judgment can he rendered upon the verdict.
In an action'of debt, upon a bond to the United States, with condition that certain merchandise imported, and re-shipped for exportation, should not be re-landed within the U. S., and that the certificate and other proofs required by law, of the delivery of the same, without the limits of the U. S., should be produced at the collector's ofice within one year from the date of the bond; an issfe was formed upon the defendant's plea, that the merchandise was not re-landed, &c., and that the certiflcates and other proofs requited by law, of the delivery of the same at Archangel, in Russia, were produced, &c. within one year from the date of the bond. The jury found a verdict, that, "the withie-mentioned writingobligatory is the deed of the "within-namfed R. P., &c., and they find there is reallr and

306
1817.
Liter v.
Green.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(cODIMoIN LAW.
LITER et al. v; GREEN.

In a writ of right, brotght under the statute of Kentucky, hero the

demandant described his land by metes and bounds, and oountc4

against the tenants jointly; it waS bold that this was matter plenda.,

ble in abatement only, and-that by pleading in bar, the tonants ad.

mitted their joint seisin, 4ipd lst the oppcrtunity of pleading a covO.!

ral tenan'cy.

The tenants cguld pot, in this case, severally plead, in addition to the

rpise, or general issue, that'neiherthe plaintiff,norhisqoceslor,nor

4gny other under or from whom he derived his title to the demanded pr mises, w&e ever hctually seised or possessed Jterepf, ore( any

partthereof; because it amounted to the general issue, and was a4

applicatibn to the mere disrretion qf the court, which is pot oxtani.

nable upon a writ of error.

Quere, Whether the tenants could plead the miso everally, as to

the several tenements held by them, parcol of the demandaut's pro-

mises, withott. qnswering or pleading any thing as to the re-

sidue?

Under such pleas, and the replication pr toibed by the statute, the

mise was joined ; the parties proceeded to trial; and the follo lneg

general verdict was found, vix,

1o
"Th

jury

find

that

the

demandaut

bath more mere right to hold the tenenjent, as he bath demanded,

than the tenants, or either of them, have to hold the respe0tive tone-

Wnents set forth in their respective pleas, they being parcels of the

tenement in the count mentioned." It was held, that this'verdict, being certain to a common intent, w sufficient to sustain 4

judgment. It vas also held that a joint judgment against the tenants for the ceosts,

as well as the land, was correct..

M.larch 8th.

THIs cause was argued by Mr. Hughes, for the
plaintiffs in error, and by Mr..A.B. Hardin.and Mr, .fones,.for the defodant in error

OF THE UNITED *STATES.
Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the
Court.
This is a writ of right for the recovery of lands brought in the form prescribed by the statute of Keniucky, in which the demandant described his land by metes and bounds, and counted against the tenants jointly. To this count the tenants demurred, and upon a joinder, the demurrer was overruled by the court, and upon motion of the tenants, leave was given to them to withdraw the demurrer, and plead anew. A motion was then made to the court, by the tenants, to compel the demandant to count against them severally, upon the ground that they held separate and distinct tenements, parcels of the land demanded, which motion was overruled -by the court. And, in our judgment, this was very properly done, for the matter was pleadable in abatement only; and by pleading in bar, the tenants admitted their joint seisin of the freehold, and lost the opportunity to plead a several tenancy. Assuming that at common law, a writ of right patent may be brought against divers tenants-, who hold their lands severally, and that the demandant may count against them severally, it does not follow, that this doctrine applies to a writ of right close; but, if it did, and the demandant should, in such case, count against tile tenants jointly, and the tenants should plead to the merits, 'it would, for all the purposes of the suit, be an aidmission of the joint tenancy. And the clause in the statute of Kentucky, requiring, that where several tenements are demanded, the contents, situation, and boundaries of each shall be inserted in tie

1817.
Liter
V
Green.

308
1817. Liter
v.
Green.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
count, has not affected this rule. It supposes that Sthe several tenements are held by the same tenants. The tenants next moved the court to allow them severally to plead, in addition to the mise, or general
issue, that neither the plaintiff, nor his ancestor, nor any other under or from whom he derived his title to the demanded premises, were ever actually seiscd orpossessed thereof,or of any part thereof; which motion the court refused to grant. And, in our judgment, this was very properly done. In the first place, this plea was clearly bad, as amounting to the general issue, and, indeed, for other manifest defects : In tlfe next place, it was an application to the mere discretion of the court, which is not a subject of examination upon a writ of error. The court then permitted the tenants to sever in pleading, and to plead the mise severally as to several tenements hold by them, parcel of the demanded premises, without answering or pleading any thing as to the ,esidue. Upon the pi opriety of this pleading, we give no o&in. ion, as it is not assigned for error by the demandant, and the error, if any, is in favour of the tenants. The replication prescribed by the act of Kentucky, was pleaded to the several pleas; and upon the mise so joined, the parties proceeded to trial.. The court being divided upon several points made at the trial, the jury was discharged. At a subsequent term, the tenants again moved the court for leave to withdraw the mise joined, and to plead non-tenure as to some, and several tenancy as to others, in abatement, which was refused by the court; and in our judgment, for ,the reasons -already stated, was properly refused.

OP THE UNITED STATES,

The cause was then again tried by a jury, who re- 1817.

turned a gene"ral verdict for the demandant, which, under the direction of the court, was amended by the jury, and recorded as follows: "The jury find that

Liter
V. Green.

the demandant hath more mere right to hold the

tenement, as he hath demanded, than the tenants, or

either of them, have to hold the respective tenements

set forth in their respective pleas, they being parcels

of the tenement in the count mentioned."

It is objected by the tenants, that this verdict is

insufficient, because it does not contain a several

finding upon the several issues of the tenants, but is

a joint finding against them all; and only by infer-

ence and argument a finding of the several issues

for the plaintiff. This objection cannot be sustained.

The verdict expressly and directly affirms the right

of the demandant, and denies the right of the ten-

ants to the land contained in their respective pleas,

the same being parcel of the land demanded. A

verdict, certain to a common intent, is sufficient to

sustain a judgment. At the trial, a bill of exceptions

was taken. The first point in the exceptions is, the re-

fusal of the court, upon the prayer of the counsel for

the tenants, to direct the jury that. the demandant

was not entitled to recover in the suit, upon the proof

by the tenants, that they claimed their several tene-

ments under distinct and several titles. This refu-

sal was perfectly correct; for the matter did not go

to the merits, and could be taken advantage of

only, as. has been already stated, by a plea in abate-

anent.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.

The next exception is, that the court allowed a

Liter copy of the survey of the land claimed by the de-

v! mandant to go in evidence to the jury, for the purpose of identifying the same. No ground for this

objection has been stated; and it seems to be utterly

untenable.

Another exception is; that the court refused to allow, as evidence to the jury, to prove that the do-

mandant did not hold the legal title to 2,000 acres parcel of the land demanded in this suit, the copies of

a certain record of a decree in chancery, in a suit between the demandant and third persons, (with wvhoni the tenants had no "privity of title or estate,) and,

also, of a deed made in pursuance of such decree, by which di ed 2.000 acres of the land demanded by

the writ appeared to be conveyed to third persons.

This exception is not now relied on, tnd is-certainly

open to voirious objections. Without adverting to the

objections, that neither the record nor the deed were properly authenticated, and that it was an attempt to set up an outstanding title in third persons having no privity with the tenants; it is decisive againt the admission, that the 2,000 acres, or any part thereof,

are not shown to be Within the boundaries of the

land claimed by any of the tenants, or put in issuc

between the parties.

The lat exception is, that the court refused to

instruct the jury, that if it should be proved that

divers of the tenants hadbo title to certain parcels of the demanded premises, but that, they claimed the same under a third person having the legal title thereof, ihen, that they ought to find for the said

OF THE UNITED.STATES.
tenants, because they had no title. Thig exception 1817, is, alto, not relied on, and certainly could not be Liter supported, for it could be given in evidence only on V. the plea of non-tenure. Groo.
A motion was afterwards made for a new trial, the proceedings on which, not being matters of error, need not be mentioned.
The only remaining objection, urged as a ground for reversal, is, that the judgment is a joint judgment against the tenants for the costs as well as the land. We. are all of opinion that the judgment is right, and that the tenants can take nothing by this objection. TheI- jaudgment is, therefore, affirmed with. costs,
Judgment affirmed?
a.A writ of right patent is al- 3 B1. Com. op. 1. This writ is ways directed to the loM of the the sole authority for the lord to mpnor, or his bailiff, and is a com- hold plea of the land in contromission unto them that they should versy; and without it no on9 is do right. The form of the writ bound to answer in the' lord's is, "we command you that, with- court. Glan'l , lib. L . ch. 2. ch. out delay, you do fu rig* 25. It iscalled awrit of rightpa(plenum rectum teneatis) to A., of tent,'because it is an open letter of B., of one messuage, &c., in L,' request, orcommand given to tho which he claims to hold of you,by plaintiff and exposed to full view, the free service of one penny per in contradistinotion to writs closo, annum for all service, of which which are always closed up and W. of T. deforceth him, and un- sealed, or are supposed to be less you will do this let the sheriff closed up and sealed, and directed of, &c., do it, that we may hear to particular persons. 2 BL Com. no more clamour thereupon for 346. 3 B. Com. 195. 3 ecre'a want of right. Witness, &c." Hist. 45. Fit-. ,N. Brev. 1. F. -Fit-.XN.Brev. I G. Bracto, lib. WVhen the writ of right patent 5. ch. 2. p. 328. B,-. Brev. 2. was brought to the lord's court, Glanvillk lib. 12. ch. 3. ch. 4. an entry thereof was made in his

3.12
1817.
Liter
V.
Grebn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUrtT

court by the steward, and the Writ was then delivered back to the plaintiff. Upon the entry a summons issued from the lord's court to the tenant, commanding him to appear at the next court to answer the plea; and this was the first process by which the tenant had any knowledge of the suit. Rast. Ent. 244. 6. Booth. 4. 83, 99. 92. Bracton, lib. 5. ch. 3. s.3. p. 329. Id. ch. 6. p. 333. On the other hand, a writ of right close is always directed to the sheriff, and was immediately return,able into the court of common pleas. Booth, 91. The form of it is, "The King, to the sheriff of Command A., that be justly, and "without delay, render unto B. one raessuage with the appurtenances 'which he claims to be his right and inheritance, and whereof he complains that the said A. unjust)y deforces him; and unless he shall so do, and if the said B. shall give yo security of prosecuting his claim, then summon by good suipmdners the said A., that he appear before our justices at Westminster, on, &c., to show wherefore he hath not done it, and have you there the summoners and this writ. Witness, &c."(1) Reg. Brr.4. Fitz. J. B. 2 F. Booth, 91. 3 Mils. 419. This difference between a writ

of right patent and a writ of right close, may well warrant a distinction in respect tb the causes of action to be joined in it. A writ of right patent, being a mere authority to the lord to take cognizance of the suit at the complaint of the plaintiff, may well include, divers tenements held by severul tenants, whereof the plaintiff is deforced. Nor are the rights of the several tenants affected by such joinder; for, as to them, the subsequefitsummonsis thofirat process, (Botho. 4. 99.;) and in this they are severed, each tenfint being summoned to answer only for the tenements held by himself, And, for this purposo, where the land is severally hold by several tenants, the writ alwayr specifien the 4'uantity of land in the pos. session of each. Beg. Brev. I b. The po3ition, therefore, stated by Fitzherbert, (Jrat. Brev. 2. D.,) that awrit of right may be brought against divers tenants who hold their lands severally, may be good law when applied (as he applies it) to a writ of right patent. But it is not thence to be inferred that' the same doctrine is to be applied to all the subsequent proceedings, and that in the subsequent sum. mons, process, and pleading, the tenants are to be joined in the same manner as if they were joint

(1) It has been very, ntly remarkod by Mr. Sorgesat Williams. In big learoed noto to 2 Saund. R 43. a, note (1). that r orgeant Wilson is mistaken in sailing the wrlt or right in Tysen v. Clarke, a Wiffs. 41%5 1, 558, a wrl of YIZbt psafcn, fo i ii, wirit of rilbt doss.

OF THt ONITE1D STATES.

tenants. of the whole lanqd. In certa tes in: judicium deducaturi

fact, the summons in a. writ of de qua debeat tenens respondere,

Sight patent, is a several process ut tunc sciri potsit si totam rein

against each tenant f6r the land petitatwtenuerit, vol ejus partem,

held severally by him; and in this" vel etiam nihil, et sic fiat de perti-

respect it is exactly what the nentiis, &c. &c. Et postmodum,

original precept is in a writ of* si qua competat ax ipsa rej ut si

right close.

nihil inde teneat vel non nisi ejus

When once the tenant is sum- partem, et idem de pertinentiis." moned into court, either upon a Bracdon, ;b. 5., deExcept. c. 1,, writ of right patent or a writ of fol. 400. "Item cadit breve, si

right close, the same exceptions tenens minus teneat,quam peteng

and pleadings in abatement or in petat, secus tamen si plus teneat."

bar, and the same defence upon the merits, equally applies in a sdit upon the one as the other. Nontenure, joint tenancy, sole tenaicy, and sever'al tenancy, are good pleas in abatement, wherever they apply to any parcel of the land demanded of any particular tenant or tenants. Bracton, speaking on this subject, says, "tune demum videndum an tebens totam rem te-

Bractaon,fol. 414., bi Abd in another place, speaking of the dbctrine that when a vrit is bad in part, it is bad in the whole, he says,- el curl breve ita in so fuer-
it vitiosum in aliqua parte, in mul. laparte valebit, quantum ad unam actionen; secus esset, si plures sint ibi actiones tatione plurium tenentium. Et si unus petat per unum breve feodum unius militis

neat quam -petitur, cuim certa res dbeat in judicium deduci, vel si ejus partem, tune quotam, vel si omnino nihil, et similiter si res petit& peftineat 6d jurisdictionem judicantis ; et ideo petitur visus rei petitm, quia ex hoc competere poterit.exceptio tenenti, me sit actio inanis cuin tenente, cum rem restituere non possit vel totan secundum quad petitur." Bract. lib. 5. ch.7.foL 376. And he again treats more fully on the subject in the book, de Excelttionibus, "sunt etiam. quacdam qpw visum sequuntur et de quibus certificari poterit tenens antequam petens ei visuin fecerit; et

in una villa et versus allie in eodem brevi feodum alterius militis eadem villa vel in diversis, quamvis cadat breve do frndn unius militis, nihilominus stabit de feodo alterius militis versus eundem,quia ibi sunt diversm actiones propter divorsitates tenementorum, quamvis breve unicurn. Item eodem inodo erunt actiones plures.ratione diversarum personarum et reram ubi pfures sunt tenentes." Bractoan,fol.41.1., a. Bracton here manifestly refers to a writ of right patent, where several tenements are demanded in
.The writ of several tenants severally, and in such case he consit

Vor. I:

R

313
1317.
Liter v.
Green.

1817.
Liter V.
'Green.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

ders, that the writ may abate as to one and remain as to the other, not because they may be -joined in the same action, but because the suit against them is considered as several actions, (divers= actiones.) In a subsequent place, the same subject is again mentioned, "Cum autem tenens vi-
gum habuerit vel quodo tantundem valet scire poterit utrum petenti respondere teneatur et ad brave secur vel non teneatur secundum quod tenuerit totam rem nomino proprio vel alieno vel nihil indo tenuerit vel non nisi ejus partem; quia si totam non tenuerit amittere non pctest quod non habet, et ita cadit breve sed non actio nisi ita sit quod petens ostendere pos6it quod tenens teneat in dominito et in servitio, nisi tenens docere possit confrarium, quod nec in dominico nec in servitio &c. &c. In hwo quidem actiones per breve do recto sicut in qua libet aliaw actione per quam petitur res corporalis designare oportet petentem quae etqualis sit res quao petitur, ut si sit res immobilis sicut tenementum designare oportet qualitatem et quaptitatem, &c. Item utrum tota petatur an ejus pars, et ne plus petatur u petente quam tenens teneat." Bracton, lib. 5. ch. 27., fol. 431., b. 432., a. Vide also, Id. p. 433., b. Fleta, lib. 5., ch. s., a. 4., asserts the same doctrine, 11Item continetur in brevi qui terrain illam tenet, ad quod excipi poterit quod
fotum non tenet sed alius talis

tenet inde tantum." These qudtations have been iho more largoly made from these venerable writers, with a view to show how deeply and early these doctrines are to be found in the rudiments
of tho common law. It has been very justly observ-
ed by Booth (ch. 11. p. 31.) that in real actions may be pleaded in abatement of the writ, joint tenancy, solo tenancy, and several tenancy. And although it is said that in a writ of nuper obiit, in an assize, or in any other action where no land certain is demanded, several tenancy is not pleadaable, (Bro. Sev. Tenancy, 18. 2 Leon. 8.) yet 'this is to be understood, that several tenancy is not pleadable to the writ ; forafter a plaint in an assize, several tenancy may well be pleaded in abatement. Stepkin v. Wentworth, Dyer, 244. a. Booth, 34. 277. And several tenancy, ifwell pleaded and found true, abates the whole writ; and the cause as. signed for this by Fincledon, Ch. J.. in 41 E'dw. 3. 20. b. is because the tenants cannot answer in common. Fitzherbert laid down the same rule in 27 H/en. 8. 30, and said "coo several tenancy va in aba(emont do tout lo breve, et si il solt tried versus In demandant donques tout son breve abatera, et tous impoitious done judgement pour lo demanddnt sur un male breve." Brook's .brid.
Several Tenancy, 1. The same rule is recognised in Theldall'a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Dig. ib. 11. di. 31. s. 7. Nor is there a single case in the books, in which it has been argued or held that several tenancy is not a good plea in abatement to a writ of right. On the contrary, the reasons for the plea as manifestly apply to this action; as any other real, action, and the ancient writers who treat on the subject evidently presuppose its legal validity; and the more modern authorities Are conclusive on the point. When, therefore, the court in the above case, in allusion to the passage above quoted from Fitzherbert's Natura Brevium, (2. D.) state that "assuming at common law a writ of right patent may be brought against several tenants who hold their lands severally, and that the demandant may count against them severally, it does not, therefore, follow that this doctrine applies to a writ of right ,cose, " it is manifest that the court have reference to the different natures of the two writs in their original state; for upon a view and after a count in a writ of right patent, if several tenements are 3ointly demanded' of several tenants, who are jointly-summoned, they rmay plead several tenancy in abatement ot the count or lands put in view upon the writ. -Andasa writof right close demands the tenements directly of the tenants, they may plead several tenancy directly to the writ, for in a prwcpe quad red,;a it ,sa good

plea to the irriL Coin. Di;. P. 12. Thel. Dig. lib. 5. ch. 3. s. 1. ch. 4. s. 2. 27 Gen. 8. 20.
In the United Slates all writi of right are returnable into the commoo law courts of the state, and are directed to and returnable by the sheriff or other public officers. They are, therefore, writs of right close, and subject to the general doctrines of the common law alplicable to such writs; and it is manifest that the doctrine ofFitzherbert, (even supposing it to be law as to writs of right patent,) cannot be adinitted to control those general doctrines, or take away the right of pleading joint tenancy, sole tenancy, or several tenancy, in abatement of such writs.
Writs of right, since the reign of Queen Elizabeth, have gradtially become obsolete in England; or of such rare occurrence, that the learning respecting them i6 not as well known as it deserves to be. Indeed, a modern treatise upon the general nature and structure of real actions, and the proper leanings and evidence in each, is a desideratum in the science of jurisprutlence. We may, however, respectfully refer those who may be desirous of a more thorough knowledge of the writ of right to the title Droit, in tue great abridgments of Brook. Fitzherbert, Coinyns, and Viner; to the learned note of AIr. Serjeant Williams, 2 Saund. Rep.. 45. ; to Booth on Real Actions"

Liter V.
Creep

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Shipp v.
Dl[iller'a heirs,

to Reeies's -listory bf the Law; Sand particularly to I Reeves'sHis-
tory, oh. 7.; p. 398. el seq: and'3
Reeves's History, 45., and above

all, to the venerable Braoton, lib. S., fol. 3 27q ct seq: whore he treats ofthe writ of right and its
incidents.

(LOCAL LAW.)
SHIPP et aL v. MLLxR's heirs.
An error in description is not fatal in an entry if it does not mislead a subsequent locator. The following entry, "H. M. enters 1681 acres of land on a treasury warrani, No. 6168, adjoining Chapman Aston on the west side, and Israel Christian on the north, beginning at Christian's north west corner, running thence west 200 poles; thence north parallel with Asten's line until an east course to Aston's linb will include the quantity," was hold valid, although rio such entry as tl)at referred to could be found in the name of Aston, 'but the particular description clearly, pointed out an entry in the name of Chapman Austin, as the"one intended, and this, together with Christian's entry, satisfied the calls of H. M.'s entry.
It is a general rule that when all the calls of an entry cannot be coinplied with, because some are vugue, or, repugnant, the latter may be rejected or controlled by other material calls, which are consist. ent and cdrtain. Course and distance yield t6 known, visible, and definite objects; but they do not yield, unless to calls more material and.equally certain. 'Chapman Austin's entry calling to lie "on the dividing ridge between Hinkston's fork and the south fork of Licking, beginning two miles north of Harrdd's lick, at a large buf. falo road, and running about north ibr quantity," and there being no buffalo road two miles nort/&of Harrod'slick, (a place of gone. ral notoriety,) it was determined that a call for a large biTyalo road might be rejected, and the entry supported by the definite call for course and distance.
It is a settled rule that where no other ligure is called for in no enry, it is to be surveyed in a square coincident with the cardinal pointo,

QF THE UNITED STATES. The decree must therefore b. reversed, and the bill dismissed with costs.
Decree reversed;

345
1817.
The Eleanor.

(PRIZE.)

The ELEANOR. Donnel, claimant.

A-libel against the commander of a squadion calling on him to proceed
to adjudication, or to make restitution in value, of a vessel and cargo, detained for search by the captain of a frigate belonging to the squadron, and lost while in his possession. Libel dismissed. The commander of a squadron is liable to individuals for the trespasses of those under his comroand, in case of positive or permissive orders, or of actual presence and co-operation. But qu4Wre, how far is he responsible in other caseb. Where a capturehas actually takenplace, with the assent, express or implied, of the commander of a squadron, the prize master may be considered as a bailee to the use of the whole squadron, who are to share in the prize money, and thus the commander may be made responsible; but not so as to mere trespasses, unattended with a conversion to the use of the squadron. The commander of a single ship is responsible for the acts of those under his command; as are, likewise, the owners of privateers for. the conduct of the commanders appointed by them. To Iletain for examination, is a right which a belligerant may exercise over every vessel, except a national vessel, which he meets with on the ocean. The principal right necessarily carries with it all the means essential to its exercise ; among these may, sometimes, be included the assumption of the disguise of a friend or an enemy, which is a lawful stratagem of war. If, in consequence of the use of this stratagem, the crew of the vessel detained abaudon their duty before they are

oL. IT.

Xx

1817.
The Eleanor.

CASES IN THE SUPREUE COURT

actually made prisoners of war, and the vessel is thereby lost, tio

Scaptors

are not responsible.

Whenever an officer seizes a vessel as pr'ze, he is bound to commit her to the care of a competent prize-master and crew; not because
the original crew, when left on board, (in the case of a seizure qf

the vessel of a citizen, or neutral,) are released from their duty

without the assent of the master, but from the want of a right to

subject the captured crew to the authority of the captor's officer.

Dut this rule does not extend to the case of a mere detcntlon for

examination, which the commander of the cruising vessel may on-

force by orders from his own quarter deck, and may, thereforo,

send an officer on board the vessel detained, in order more conve-

isiently to enforce it, without taking the vessel out of the posses-

sion of her own officers and crew.

The modern usages of war authorize the bringing one of the princi-

pal officers of the vessel detained on hoard the belligorant vessel,

with the papers, for examination.

APPEAL from the circuit court for the district of
Massachusetts. This "schooner, with her cargo, the property of
the claimant, on a voyage from Baltimore to Bordeaux, fell in with the President and Congr'ess
frigates on the night of the 16th October, 1813. Comifodore Rodgers was the commander of the
President frigate, and the commodore and commander of the squadron composed of those two ships, then in company. Captain Smith, deceased, and charged in the libeltas a co-defendant, commanded the Congress.
On the Eleanor being discovered by the t'wo frg ates, she was chased by the Congress and overhaled. The President stood on her course, being
out of sight at the time she was overhaled and when she was subsequently dismasted, and so continuing until the signal guns were fired from the schooner. The

OF THE UNITED STATES.
master, supercargo, and the officers and crew of the Eleanor, on seeing the frigates, considered them British cruisers, and when they found she could not escape them, concluded they were captured by the enemy. This produced a very general determination, on the part of the crew, to take no further concern in the navigation of the schooner. When boarded by lieutenant Nicholson of the Congress, the schooner was in the state of confusion to be expected from such a determination. le ordered the master to take one of his mates, and his papers, and go on board the frigate. The captain, after giving some orders to his second mate to adjust the sails of the schooner, which were not complied with, went
with his first mate and papers, in the frigate's boat, to the Congress. Lieutenant Nicholson,. on being asked by a boy what frigate it was, said it was the Shannon; immediately afterwards he undeceived the supercargo,whom he recognised as an old acquaintance, but said he was ordered not to make himself known, and, therefore, requested the supercargo not to disclose it. Upon endeavouring to restore order, and to provide for the safe navigation of the schooner, 'ie could, get no assistance from the crew, (who refused to obey his orders, considering him a British officer,) except from the second mate, and on observing this, he disclosed the name, of the frigate, and he, the supercargo, and the mate, assuring the crew they were not prisoners, endeavoured to prevail on them to return to their duty; they persisted in refusing; in consequence of which (the sea being tempestuous, and the weather squally) a flaw struck

347
1317.
- The Eleanor.

348
i317,
The Bleauor.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT-
te vessel and both her masts went over. Lieute. nant NichQlson, the mate, and supercargo, endeavoured to save the vessel, but the. crew would not obey either of them. She was afterwards assisted, as far as possible, by the ffigates, but finally aban-
doned and lost. The libel was filed against commodore Rodgers,
and captain Smith, alleging that the loss of said ves, sel and catrgo was owing "to the deception unlaw, fully, practised on. her crew by the officers of -the said squadron, and through the want of care, inattention, vand, gross negligence,'of the officer of said frigato Congress, in the navigating said schooner, of whielA he had taken, and then had command," and praying for a monition against them to proceed to adjudication, or to show cause why restitution ip value should pot be decreed.
,The district court considered- this allegation supported by the proof, and that commodore Rodgera -wasaoswerable, as commander of the squadron, and decreed against him for forty-three thousand two hupdred and fifty dollars, the value of said vessel .andcargo. The circuit court affirmed the decree proforma, and the'eupon the cause was brought by appeal to this court. After the filing of the libel, and before the decree in the district court, the death of Captain Smith, which hgd intervened, was sug-, gested on' the record,

Xram1 l2th, Mr. Key, for the appellant, made three points. 1st. That it was owing to the neglect and mis-
cqqduqt of the captu.red creky the 'essel xvas lost,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

349

.2d. That this neglect and misconduct were in no degree owing to, or palliated by, the military stratagem practised by Captain Smith.
3d. That, at all events, Commodore Rodgers was not responsible in law.
The neglect of the captured crew, in.refusing to do duty, is analogous to the case of Virtue v.Birda where the plaintiff declared that he was employed by the defendant to carry a load of timber from W. to L,to be laid down where the defendant should appoint, and that he carried it; when the defendant, having appointed no place where it should be laid down, the plaintiff's horses were detained in the cold, by which some of them died, and the rest were spoiled; after a verdict for the plaintiff, judgment was arrested; for it was the plaintiff's' own fault that lie did not take out his horses, and lead them about; or he might have unloaded the timber in any proper place, and returned. So, also, in Butterfield v. Forrester, which was an action on the case for obstructing a highway, by means of which the plaintiff, who was riding along the road, was thrown down with his horse, and injured; it appeared that he was riding with great violence and want of ordinary care, without which he might easily have avoided the obstruction. It was, therefore, decided, that he could not recover; for that two things must concur to support the actibn: an obstruction in the road by the fault of the defendant, and no want of ordinary care, to avoid it, on the part of the plaintiff. Upoh the

1817. The ElenQr.

0 q T_- 196.

b 11 B askS9.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
The EMeanor.

principle of these cases, the appellant is exempted Sfrom all liability. Nor is he responsible upon the ground of the liability of a master and principal for the miseondtict of a servant and agent. Superiors in these relations of life are answerable only for acts in the ordinary line of the duty of the servant and agent, or in consequence of the special orders of the superior. But this principle, with its limitations, does not apply to the case, ofa commander of a squadron. He does not elect his qfficers. They are appointed by the government, and amenable 'only to a court martial. No officer, military or naval, would undertake so frightful a responsibility; and to impose it upon the commander of a fleet or squadron would be to incapacitate him from the performance of his duty. There is no testimony, positive or presumptive, that Commodore Rodgers gave any orders whateVer to practice the stratagem in question. The authority of the Mentore shows, that Ihe is not liable, constructively, for the conduct of the officers under his command; nor is there any one case to show that he is thus liable. The Der Mohr" is, apparently only, such a case. It only proves that a superior officer may be placed in the same relation with
that of a principal, in regard 'to his agent. In that case, the captors had a right of property in 'the captured vessel, inasmuch as by the law of England captors have the entire interest in prizes; and any person may be appointed prize-master, and so become the agent of the whole squadron, the comman-

Cl R,ob. 179.

d 3 Rob. 129. 4 Rob. 314,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
der of which would, consequently, be responsible. Public policy does not require the establishment of the principle contended for on the other side, since the injured party may have, recourse to the actual wrong doer, and may seek redress by complaining to the government.of his misconduct.

1s1.
The
Eleano'.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, contra. The case cited from Levinz is not parallel ; and that from East is one of gross folly and want of common prudence and caution on the part of the plaintiff. It is inapplicable, because it was not in the power of the libellant in this case to save his property from destruction. But the present question is not to be determined by the narrow principles of the common law; it is a marine trespass, which must be tried by the more liberal rules of the marine law. The right of visitation and search is not, and cannot be denied; but it is not essentially necessary to the due exercise of the right that the master should be taken out of his vessel: it is only necessary to send a boarding officbr to make the proper examination and inquiries; but the belligerant cruisers have no right to proceed further, until they have determined to send in the vessel for adjudication. When this determination is made, a competent prize-master and crew should be put on board, instead of leaving the original crew without control or regulation. A belligerant has a right to practice deception, as a stratagem of war; but this right, which may cause a wrong to a neutral, or fellow citizen, must be exercised at the peril of the captors. Either the seizure of the Elea-

352

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURrP

1817. nor was as prize, or she was detained for scarcl&. If
The Sthe former, then the captors had no right to require
Zleanor. the assistance of the crew of the captured vessela
who were not bound to assist in navigating her. If the latter, then the captors had no right to take out the master and mate, leaving the crew without any regular chief competent to navigate the vessel. The case of the Der Mohr was, indeed, determined on general principles of law; on the ground that the prize-master was constituted agent of the captorsf and the vessel (which was innocent) was used as a vehicle to bring in the cargo, which last alone was liable to suspicion. But here the tre=ass is joint; and the trespassers w-uld have been joint sharers of the prize: Qui sentit commodum sentire debet et onus, The President was out of' sight at the time of the seizure; but she was present at the inception of the tort. They were cruising in conjunction# and under the orders of Commodore Rodgers, who saw the Congress frigate pursue the Eleanor# and did not prohibit the chase. The boarding offi. cer was a mere passive instrument in the hands of his superiors, to whom alone the injured party .catt
look for indemnification.

Mr. Harper,(on the same side.) The responsibility of the owners of privateers and the command; Ing officers of shipiand squadronqgfor the misconduct of their delegates, is a settled principle of law, The case of Del Col v. Arnold" is in point, where

a Waton on Capt,100.

f 3 Dell. 333.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

i53

this court decreed the owners of a privateer to make 1817. restitution in value of a captured vessel lost by tile misconduct of the prize-master. The case of tie FEanor. Der Mohr, which has been so often referred to, makes the senior officer responsible for tile appoint-
ment of a prize-master by his jbnior officer, though there was no personal misconduct imputable to either. In the case now before the court. the proctmcdle cause of the loss was the refusal of the seamen to work. The ullimate cause was the deception practised by the captors in representing themselves as enemies; and whether the crew were justifiable in refusing obedience, or not, their disobedience. was a conseruence of the stratagem practised by the captors, and they are responsible. On the first suppoi:tion, they are liable; because they ought to have put a prize crew on board. On the second, because the itratagem was practised at their peril, ant it depended upon the event of the searcn whether they would be justified; for this mode of warfare is not to be practised at the expense of individuals pursuing an innocent and lawful commerce. The case oft the Mentos ;.nnt. as has been contended, contrary to our position. Thz claimant there had taken out a monition against the actualcantor, which had been dismissed; itwas, therefore,resjidicala;and, besides, ihe lapse of time Which had intervened, was held to be an equitable limitation. It is true, that Sir William Scott likewise lays hold of the circumstance that admiral Digby was merely commander of the

g IR&b. 179.

00P.

Yk

CASES IN THE SUPREIE, COURkr

1817.
The Eleanor,

North American station, and far off at the time when the capture was made: but here comr'odore Rodgers was present, and associated in the act. The case of the Charming Betsey shows that innocence of intention alone in a commanding officer will not exempt him from the consequences of an illegal act, In substance and effect, this is a case between the gov'rnment and the owner of the property which has b,'en destroyed, who has become the victim of a rigorous prosecution of the rights of war and of military policy. Respondeat superior! We pursue him; let him, in turn, look for indemnification to his g-orernment, to which experience shows that he will n*-look'in vain,

Mr. Jones, for the captors, in reply, argued on tho facts that the loss of the vessel was not a consequence, direct or indirect, of the conduct of the seizing officer; and that the right of visitation and search had been properly exercised. It is novel doctrine, that the right of search is to boeexercised under the peril of being responsible fcr a wrong. Reason, morality, and law, all concur in imposing the loss (among innocent parties) upon him on whom the elements and the act of providence throws it. It was entirely a question of military, prudence whether the papers should be examined by the boarding officer or by- his superior; and there is nothing in the principles of public la~v to prevent the exercisq of the right of visitation and search either way. Neither are the crew of the vessel which is detained

?b2 Craigh, 04.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
for search, exempted from obedience in consequence of the act of boarding. Until the capture is consummated. the former relations of the crew continue; and until then the cruiser is not bound to send on board a competent prize-master and sufficient crew
to navigate the captured vessel.. The commander of a squadron cannot, on any principle of law or justice, be made responsible, constructively, for the acts of 6fficers on board other ships. The principies and analogies which would make comiwodore Rodgers a joint trespasser must be those of wunicipal law. But his was not a civil connection with the officers of the other ship; all that he knew, or permiuea, was the chase; and he cannot be made responsible for the subseauent supposed misconduct of his brother officer. Here was a merely military act; no animus tucrandti; no appropriation as prize; and, therefore, no civil constructive responsibility. In the case of the Mentor, Sir William 8cott fxpressly overrules the doctrine of the constructive responsibility of a commander in: chief; apart froni the other grounds of exception, the former sdizdication and the lapse of time whica he likewise notices; The Der\Mohr was a case of joint capture, as expressly stated bythe court and the reporter; and wa determined on th'e just principle of joint participation in thewrong done, in the interest acquired by the" capture, and in the appointmefit of the prize-master.

355 1817.
Eleanor.

Mr. Justice JomnsoN delivered the opinion of the Mah 5,t,. court.
This case presents two questions, 1st. Are the ippellees entitled to recover?

356

CASES IN THE SUPREMAE COJRT

1817. 2. Does their right-of recoyery e2;tend, to thp com. ~ mander of the squadron?
The
Eleanor. In whatever view the case be considered, it is one of extreme hardship; both the claim and the defence are founded in the most rigid principles of the strictur jus ; and it is impossible not to regret if the libellant have no means of indemnity, or if that indemnity should be exacted of men whose characters and conduct were so far above all imputation of malice or oppression. Nor can this court altogether close its feelings against the claims to protec-
tion of that navy which has so nobly protected the. reputation of the country. Yet we mistake the ciaracter of the men who constitute it, if they would not. be among the first to declare the government unworthy of their skill and valour, in wlhich the rights of the meanest individual was not as much an object of earnest solicitude as the rights of those whom their country delights most to honour. Whether the commander of a squadron be liable to individuals for the trespasses of those under his command is . question-on which it would be equally incorrect to
lay down a general proposition either negatively or affirmatively. In case of positive or permissive or-
ders, or in case of actual presence and co-operation, there could not be a doubt of his liability. But on the other hand, when we consider the partial indepondence of each commander of a vessel, and that the association is not a subject of contract, 'but ibunded on theorders of their government, i'hich leave them no election, it would be dangerous indeed, and damp-,
ping to the ardotir of enterprisolto trammel a com-

OF THE UNITED ST-ATE9.
wander with. fears of. liability, where it is not possi-ble, from the nature of the service, and the delicate xules of etiquette, for him always to direct or control the actions of those under his command. We feel no inclination to extend the principle of conatructive trespass, and will leave each case to be decided on its own merits as it shall arise. Where a capture has actually taken place with the assent of. the commodore, express or implied, the question of. liability assumes a different, aspect; and the prizemaster may be considered as bailee to the use of the iyhole, squadron who arp to share in the prize mo. uey. To this case there is much reason for applying the principle, that qui sentit commodum sentire dzbet.et onus; but not so as to mere trespasses unattended with a conversion to the use of the squadron,
The case of the commander of a single ship varies materially from that of "the commander of a squadron, and the rigid rules of liability for the acts of those under our command may., with more propriety, be applied to him. The liability of the owners of a privateer for the acts of their commanders has never been disputed. And it is because they are left at large in the selection of a commander, and are not permitted to disavow his actions as b.eing unauthorized by them. So. in the case. of a commander of a ship, the absolute subordination of
every officer to his command attaches .tohim the imputation of the marine trespassqs of his subalterns on the propertY of individuals, when acting within the scope of his commands. Orders even giving a discretion to a subbrdinate in such easep is no more

350i 1817.
The
AeFAor.

CASES IN TIM SUPREMP, COURT

1817.
' The 'm
Aleanor.

than adopting his actions as the actions of the conn, nder; and placing him in a command which re-
quires skill, integrity, oi prudence, makes the cow-
mafider the pledge to the individual fbr his competence to discharge the duties of -we undertaking.
With these views of the subject we should have
found no difficulty in deciding on the' liability ot Captain Smith, of the Congress, had he been a party to'thislibel, and .the facts of the case had made out a marine trespass in' himself, or in Lieutenant Nicholson, or a want of competence or dqe care in the latter to dimcharge the command assigned him. But we are of opinion that no one act is proven in the case which did not comport with the fair, honorable, and reasonable exercise of the rights of war. To detain for examination is a right which a belliw gerant may exercise over every vessel, not a national vessel, that he meets with on the ocean. And whatever may be the injury that casually results to an individual from the act of another while pursuing the reasonable exercise of an established right, it is his misfortune. The law pronounces it damnum absgue injuria, and the individual from whose act it proceeds is liable neither at law nor in the forum of conscience. And the principal right necessarily carties with it also all the means essential to its exercise. Thus, in the present case, a vessel must be pursued in order to be detained for examination. But if in the pursuit she had been dismasted, and upset or stranded, or run on shore and lost, it would have been an unfortunate case, but the pursuing vessel would haye stood acquitted. The counsel in argument

.-OF THE .UNITED STATES.
have not denied the general doctrine, but have en-' deavoured to show that the commander of the Congress had unreasonably exercised the right of detention.
1st. By the deception, in passing himself off for an enemy, thereby reducing the crew to a state of insubordination.
2d. By taking out both the master and the mate, and thus removing the possibility of bringing the seamen back to their duty.
3d. By devesting the master of his command, without putting a competent crew on board to navigate her.
On the first of these grounds, it is only necessary to remark, that, to assume the guise of a friend or an enemy, is, in legitimate warfare, an act the most familiar and frequent in its occurrence. It is so ordinary a ruse de guerre, that it ought rather to be expected than the display of real colours. And, innumerable cases that have come before this court prove, that in the actual state of things during the late war it became as necessary to practice the dec~ption upon our citizens as upon a neutral or an enemy. We, therefore, see nothing reprehensible in this. But on what ground could the crew assume the right of judging for themselves on this subject, and of abandoning their duty before they were actually made prisoners? Suppose the frigate had been an enemy, it did not follow that their vessel must be made prize, and they were unquestionably unpardonable in abandoning their duty? Their,do"rgso, was by no means a. necessary consequence

359
1817. The Eleanor.

CASES IN TVE SUPRIEME COURT

181. The
91eknor.

of ordering their officers on board the frigate, nor ought the captain of the Uongress to have anticipated such a state of thrins, as their vessel was redu-
ced to, by their misconduct. They were bound to obey the second mate in me absence of their other officers; and if they had done so, this mislortune would not have happened. So thr from actually devesting him of his command, it appears, that Nicholson's orcers were addressed to him, and only addressed to the men to try 'his personal iniluence in bringing them to order.
To the second and third grounds, the Attention of this court has been drawn with peculiar torce. Either of them appeared to be an irregularity, which the reasonable exercise of the right of search did not strictlV justify. But, upon a close examination of the testimony, we are of opinion, that neither of those grounds is supported by the evidence. It is true, that both the master ana first mate wure t'lcen on board the frigate, and the master and supercargo ay they were both ordered on board. But NicholSon, the boarding officer, who certainly knew best ivhat orders he gave, swears that he ordered the master to go on board with ." one of his mates," thus leaving it to his election to choose between them; he farther swears, that these were the orderd he received from the captain. And there is a thct in tho case, which makes it probable, that the master of the schooner himself called on the first mate to attend him, for at that time the second mate was sta-
tioned at the bow, in charge of sinking certain de-
snatches, in case of capture. Had tk matiter re

O? THE t-NITED STAtESI

knonstrated against taking his first mate along with him, he would have done his duty, and perhaps saved his vessel. On the third point, it is unquestionably true, that, whenever an officer eizes a vessel as prize, he is bound to commit her to the care of a competent officer and crew. Not that the priginal crew, when left on board, in case of seizure of the vbssel, of a citizen or neutral, ale released from their duty without the assent of the maste ; for they are bound to attend the vessel, as she may be discharged, and pursue her original destination. But the

obligation to man the prize, results from the want of a right to subject the crew of the captured vessel to the authority of his own officer. If, then, this vessel had been seized as prize, And no one put'on board but the prize-master, without any undertaking

of the original ship's company to navigate her under his orders, it is very questionable whether the appellants would not have been liable fqr any loss that followed, from the insubordination of the crew. Foi after capture, as before observed, the prize-master becomes the bailee of the squadron, who are to share in the partition of the proceeds.
But we are of opinion that this Was a mere case of detention for search; that the vessel was never actually taken out of possession of her own officers; that the captain-of the Congress had a right to de-

tain the 'essel by orders from his own quarter-deck, and that the officers of the schooner, at their peril, were bound to obey ; that Lieutenant Nicholson was left on board for Dn other purpbse than to enforce, in a more convenient mode,. the observance, on their

Vnr.. M

Z Z

1817.
The ' Eleanor

3.62
1817.
-The
.Ieanor.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COVRI
pirtof the duty which the rights of war authorized the frigate to-exact of her. And. all the misfortunes which followed" resulted to the appellees from the fault or folly of their own crew.
One argument, insisted on'at the bar, it is proper for this court to notice before we conclude. It was contended, that the master of the Eleanor ought not to have been removed from his vessel; that the right of search only authorited the sending of an officer on board to examine her papers. But we think otherwise. The modern usages of war authorize the bringing of one of the principal officers on board the cruising 'vessel, with his papers, for examination. To devest her of both her principal officers, without putting on board her, for the tir'e, a competent offi-' cer and crew, would certainly be irregular. But it is for the interest of the commercial world, that the investigation should be made by the commander himself, and not left to any subordinate officer. In that case it would, be absurd, to require of the commander of the commissioned vessel to quit his command, for the purpose of making the necessary examinations.
We.are, upon the whole, of opinion, that the court below erred; that the decree must be annulled, and the libel dismissed. '

h Vide APPnNDix, Noto I.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Shipp v.
Dl[iller'a heirs,

to Reeies's -listory bf the Law; Sand particularly to I Reeves'sHis-
tory, oh. 7.; p. 398. el seq: and'3
Reeves's History, 45., and above

all, to the venerable Braoton, lib. S., fol. 3 27q ct seq: whore he treats ofthe writ of right and its
incidents.

(LOCAL LAW.)
SHIPP et aL v. MLLxR's heirs.
An error in description is not fatal in an entry if it does not mislead a subsequent locator. The following entry, "H. M. enters 1681 acres of land on a treasury warrani, No. 6168, adjoining Chapman Aston on the west side, and Israel Christian on the north, beginning at Christian's north west corner, running thence west 200 poles; thence north parallel with Asten's line until an east course to Aston's linb will include the quantity," was hold valid, although rio such entry as tl)at referred to could be found in the name of Aston, 'but the particular description clearly, pointed out an entry in the name of Chapman Austin, as the"one intended, and this, together with Christian's entry, satisfied the calls of H. M.'s entry.
It is a general rule that when all the calls of an entry cannot be coinplied with, because some are vugue, or, repugnant, the latter may be rejected or controlled by other material calls, which are consist. ent and cdrtain. Course and distance yield t6 known, visible, and definite objects; but they do not yield, unless to calls more material and.equally certain. 'Chapman Austin's entry calling to lie "on the dividing ridge between Hinkston's fork and the south fork of Licking, beginning two miles north of Harrdd's lick, at a large buf. falo road, and running about north ibr quantity," and there being no buffalo road two miles nort/&of Harrod'slick, (a place of gone. ral notoriety,) it was determined that a call for a large biTyalo road might be rejected, and the entry supported by the definite call for course and distance.
It is a settled rule that where no other ligure is called for in no enry, it is to be surveyed in a square coincident with the cardinal pointo,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
andlarge enough to contain the given quantity, and that the pointof beginning is deemed to be the centre of the base line of such square. Chapman Austin's entry calling to run about a iorth course for quantity, the word "about" is to be rejected, and the land is to run a due north course, having on each side of a due north line, drawn through the centre of the base, an equal moiety. The act of.Kentucky of 1797, taken in connexion with preceding acts, declaring that entries for land shall become -oid, if not surveyed before the first day of October, 1798, with a proviso allowing to infants and femes covert three years after their several disabilities are removed to complete surveys on their entries; it was beld, that if any one or more of the joint owners be under the dis,ability of infancy or coverture, it brings the entry within the saying of the proviso as to all the other owners. Distinction between this statute and a statute of limitations of personal actions. A call for a sprin branchgenerally, or for a spring branch to include a maiked tree at the head of such spring, is not a sufficiently specific locative call; and where farther certainty is attempted to be given by a call for course and distance, and the course is not exact, and the distance called for is a mile and a half from the place where the object is.to be found, the entry is void for uncertainty.

317
1817. -
Shipp V.
MIler'e hirs.

APPEAL from the circuit court for the district of Kentucky.
This cause was argued by Mr. Talbot, for. the ap- march sth.
pellant, and by Mr. Shefey, for the appellees.
Mr. Justice SToRY delivered the opinion of the March iltj. court.
This is a bill in equitybrought by the appellees,who are the heirs at law and devisees of Henry Miller, deceased, to be relieved against the claims of the appellants under prior patents to a tract of land, to which the appellees assert a prior equitabld title under a prior entry by their ancestor.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1S17

04 the ljt4 of December, J782, the said Henry

Shipp - "-ilevr made thefollowing entry: " Henry Miller

S. enters I,687 Eicres of land on a Treasury Warrant,

1'Ier's No. 6,168, adjoining Chapman .ston on the west sidet

heims
and Israel Christian on the north, beginning at

Christian's northwest corner, running thence west

200 poles, thence north parallel with Aston's line

until an east course to Aston's line will include the

quantity." Henry Miller died in 1796, and in 1804

this entry was surveyed, and after that time a pa-

tent issued thereupon in due form of law. At the

time of the death of Miller, and also of the survey

of the entry, several of the plaintiffs wore under

age, and some of them at the commencement of the

suit continued to be under age.

There was not, on the 11th of Dec'ember, 1782,

any entry upon record in the entry taker's books in

the name of Chapman dsston. But there were se-

veral in the name of Chapman sustin, and several

in the name of Isaac Christian. One in the name of

Chapman Austin is dated 26th of June, 1780, for

4,000 acres of land lying on Red River, and another

in the name of Israel Christian, dated the 5th of De-

cember, 1782, for 2,000 acres of land lying on the

same river; but there is no proof in the cause that

these entries are in the neighbourhood of each other.

The ent-ries relied on by the complainants as those

referred to in Miller's entry are, as follows: " On

the 26th of June, 1780, Chapman .duslin enters 4,000

acres on the dividing ridge between Hinkston's fork

and the south fork of Licking, beginning two miles

north of Harrod's Lick at a large Buffalo road, and

OF THE UNITED STATES.
running about a north course for quantity." "On the 29th of November, 1782, Israel Christian, assignee of Archibald Thompson, enters 200 acres of land upon a military warrant, No. 1.13, adjoining an entry of Chapihan Austin, at his southwest corner on the dividing ridge between Hinkston's and Stoner's fork, two miles north of Harrod's Lick, running thence west 200 poles, thence north until an east course to strike Austin's line will include the quantity."
The appellants having the elder grant, the first questiofi arising in the cause is as to the validity of the entry of Miller.- It is, in the first place, contended, that it is void, because it contains no sufficient description of the position of the land, and no specific reference to any other definite entries to make it :certain. It is, in the next place, contended, that it is void, because Chapman Austin's entry, on which it is dependent,- is void for uncertainty.
There is certainly a mistake in Miller's entry, as to the name of Aston, and the defect cannot be cured by considering Aston and Austin as one name, for they are not of the same sound. But an error in description is not fatal in an entry, ifit does not mislead a subsequent locator. Upon searching the entry book no such name could be found as Chapman Aston; and if Miller's entry had only called to adjoin Aston, there would h'ave been great force in the objection. But it calls also to adjoin Israel Christian's entry on the north, and to.begin at his northwest-corner. A subsequent locator would, therefore, necessarily be led to examine that entry. On such examination he

319
1817.
Shipp V. hbcl.

1817.
Shipp MIiVlle.r's
heirs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
could not fail to observe that it calls to adjoin an entry of Chapman Austin, at his southwest corner, on the dividing' ridge between Hinkston's and Stoner' fork, two miles north of Harrod's lick. This specific description would clearly point out the particular entry to which it refers. It could be no other than the'entry of Chapman Austin for 4,Q00 -acres, already stated; for that calls for the same ridge, and to begin at the same distance from Harrod's lick.' Two entries would thus be found adjoining each other, which'would, as to position and course, perfectly satisfy the calls of Miller's entry. No other entries could be found which would 'present the same coincidences. A subsequent 10cafor could 'not, therefore, doubt that these were the entries really referred to in Miller's entry, and that Chap,man Aston was a misnomer of Chapman Austin. The entry, then, of Miller, contains, in itself, a sufficient certainty of description, if the entries to which it refers are valid; for id cerium est quod cerium reddt potest.
As no objection is alleged against Christian's entry, all consideration of it may at once "be dismissed. The validity cf the entry o"Chapman Austin remains to be examined. It calls to lie "on tho dividing ridge between Hinkston's fork and the south fork of licking, beginning two miles north of Harrod's lick at a large Buffalo road, and running about north for quantity." It is conceded that Harrod's lick was, at the time of the entry, a place of general notoriety , and it is proved that there was no Buffalo road two miles north of that lick. The nearest Buffalo road

OP THE UNITED STATES.

was, at its nearest approach, more than two miles from 1817. the same lick, and crossed the ridge at more than Shipp three miles distance from it; and a line drawn due V. morth from the lick would not strike that road until jr. after it had crossed the ridge' at about four mil6s distance from the lick. The calls, then, in ,the entry
cannot be completely satisfied in the :termns in which they are expressed. The general descriptive call to lie on the dividing ridge, as well as the call for dis-

tance, must be rejected, if a buffalo road about four miles north of the lick were to be deemed a sufficient compliance with the call for a large buffalo road; for the whole land wotild then lie, not on, but ecyond the ridge. Such a construction of the entry would be unreasonable. Is, then, the entry void for repugnhncy or uncertainty, or can it be sustained by rejecting the call for a large buffalo road ? It is a general rule that when all the calls of an entry

cannot be complied with, because some'a're vague, or repugnant, the latter may be rejected or controlled by other material calls, which are consistent and certain. On this account, course and distance yield to known, visible, and definite objects. But course and distance do not yield unless to calls more mate, rial and equally certain. The locative calls in this entry are for a point two miles north of Harrod's Lick, and for a large, butialo road. If we reject the first call, the entry is void for uncertainty, for there is no d~finite starting point. If we reject the last call, the other is perfectly certain. The general leaning of courts has been to support entries, if it could be done by any reasonable cotistruction,

VOL. If.

8

322 1817.
Shipp
V.
Mlfler's
heir.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The law, indeed, declares, that every entry should Scontain a description of the land so certain that subsequent locators might be able to ascertain it with precision, and locate the adjoining residuum.
But that description is held to be sufficiently cortain which, by due diligence, inquiry, and search in tile neighbourhood, will enable a locator to find the land. A locator having this entry in his bands, would 'first proce -d to Harrod's Lick, as a notorious object which was to direct all his subsequent, inquiries. Upon measuring off the two miles north from the lick, he would arrive at a point clearly described in the entry iHe would find himself very near the dividing ridge between Hinkston's fork and the south fork of Licking, upon which the land is unequivocally doclarod to lie. But he could find no buffalo road in that direction until after he had crossed the ridge, nor could he find any such road within any reasonable distance in any other direction. Under such circumstances, it is not easy to perceive how lie could be misled. Being arrived at d spot, to which he was directed by a definite locative call, which he could not mistake, and-by a general call which is perfectly satisfied, he would scarcely be induced to direct it in search of another call, which was not to be found in the neighbourhood, and which, without the first, would be uncertain and indefinite. In the opi. Pion of the court the call for a large buffalo road may be rejected, and the entry of Chapman Austin be supported by the other definite call for course and distance. In this opinion we are the more confirmed by the admission of counsel, that the same

OF THE UNITED STATES.
entry has been sustained in the state courts of Kentucky.
Supposing the. entry of Chapman Austin to be good, the next inquiry is, whether it is rightly surveyed; for if it is, then Christian's and Miller's entries are, also, rightly surveyed. It is con'tended that, as no base or figure is given by the entry, the land cannot be laid off in any direction; and if so, neither the survey made by order of the circuit court, nor, indeed, any other survey, can be good. But it is a settled rule, which has been repeatedly recognised by this court, that where no other figure is cilled for in an entry, it is to be surveyed in a square, coincident with the cardinal points, and large enough to contain the given quantity; and that the point of beginning is to be deemed the centre of the base line of such square. In the present case, a point two miles distant from Harrod's Lick is to be taken as the centre of the base line of a square, to contain the given quantity of land. The entry calls to run about a north course for quantity; but, according to the course of decisions in Kentucky, the word, 9about," is to be rejected, and the land is to run a due north course, having on each side of a due north line, drawn through the centre of the base, an equal moiety. This is precisely the manner in which the survey was directed to be executed by the court below.
Another objection to the title of the plaintiffs, is, that the survey on Miller's entry was not executed and returned within the time prescribed by law.

323
ISM Shipp
io

321
1817. 'acSthsi,pp
W'diVll e.r's
boirs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The act of 1797, taken in connexion with preceding declares, that entries for land in general shall
become void, if not surveyed before the first day of October, 1798; with a prbviso, allowing to infants and femes covert three years after their geveral disabilities are removed to complete surveys on their entries. The ancestor of the plaintiffs died in 1796, and some of them then were, and still continue to be, urnder the disability of infancy. The present entry was not surveyed until 1804.
It is argue d, that the pro'iso does not save any entries, except where all the owners are under the diblability of infancy or coverture, at the time wherl thegeneral limitation takes effect. And, it is likened to the case decided by this court, where a joint personal action was held not to be saved-by the disability of one of the plaintiffs, from the operation of the statute of limitations. [.larstellerv. ,McLean,l' Cranh, 156.]. It is admitted, that there is some ana-. logy -between the cases; but, as they do n6t aripe upon the same statute, a decision in the one furnishew no absolute authority to govern thS other. There are, also, differences in the nature and objects of these statutes, which might well justify a different construction. The statute of limitations is emphatically termed a statute of repose; it is made for the purpose of quieting rights, and shutting out stale and fraudulent claims. It has, therefore, always been construed strictly against the plaintiff, and no case has been excepted from its operation, unless within the 'strict letter or manifest equity of Some exception in the act itself. The statutes of Kentucky, allow-,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ing further time to owners to survey their entries, is wade with a d-ifferent aspect. It is to save a forfeiture to -the government; and acts, imposing forfeitures,.are always construed strictly as against the government, and liberally as to the other parties. It is manifest that the act meant to protect the rights of infants and femes covert from forfeiture until three years after the disability should be removed. Yet if the irgument at bar be correct, their rights are completely gone in all cases where they are not the sole and exclusive owners. Such a construction would' materially impair the apparent beneficial intention of the legislature. If,on the other hand, they are authorized in ,such cases to have their entries surveyed and. returned, so- as to protect their own joint interest, no reason is perceived why such survey may not be justly held to enure to the benefit of *allthe other joint owners. The courts of Kentucky have already decided this question; and held, that if any one joint owner be under disability, it brings the entry within the saving of the proviso, as to all the other owners. [Kennedy v. Bruice, 2 Bibb's Rep. 371.] This is a decision upon a local law, which forms a rule of property; and this court has always held in the highest respect, decisions of state courts on such subjects. We are satisfied it is. a reasonable interpretation of the statute, and upon principle or authority see ao ground for drawing it into doubt.
The title of the plairtiffs being established, it is next to be compared with the titles of the respondents. It is conceded on all sides, that none of the titles of the latter are of superior dignity to that of

1817.
S'hhifppp
v.
MIiller's
heir

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

181?. 0 Shipp MIiVllc.r's
heirs.

the plaintiffs, except the title claimed under an entry of Thomas Swearingen, on a military warrant. This
entry is as follows: " On the 26th of April, 1780, Tho-
mas Swearingen enters 1,000 acres in Kentucky, by virtue of a military warrant, for military services performed by him last war, on a spring branch about six miles a northeastwardly 'course from Stoner's spring, to include a tree, marked A. B. C. S. T. at the head
of said spring." Stoner's spring is admitted to be a plaie of notoriety; but the marked tree and spring branch, instead of being at the distance of six miles, is found at the distance of four miles and a half, and in a course not northeasterly. The call for a spring branch generally, or for a spring'branch, to include a marked tree at the head of the spring, is not a sufficiently specific locative call. It requires farther certainty to point out its position; and this is attempted to be given in the present.entry by the call for course and distance. The course is not exact, and the distance called for is a mile and a half
from the place where the object is to be found. It is the opinion of this cou'rt, that it would'be unreasonable to require a subsequent locator to search for the object at so great a distance fiom the point laid down in the entry; and the entry must, therefore, be pronounced void for uncertainty.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL. In this case I dissent from the opinion which has been delivered on one point; the validity of Austin's entry. I am not satisfied that the call for the buffalo road ought fo be discarded as immaterial. It appears to me to bear a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

strong analogy to a call for a marked tree. It is an object of notoriety, distinguishable from other objects, peculiar to itself, and which would be looked for by subsequent locators. Finding a buffalo road in the neighbourhood, the judgment would be divided between the call for that road, and the call for course and distance.
Understanding that this entry has been defermined in Kentucky to be sufficiently certain, I would have acquiesced in that decision, had it not also been stated, that the question on its validity, did not come before the court. Under these circumstances, we should, had the court thought the entry invalid, have suspended our opinion until the case could be inspected. This delay is rendered unnecessary by the opinion that the location may be sustained.

1817. The Ann Mlaria.

Decree affirmed.

(PRnze.)
The ANNA MARIA.
A suit by the owners of captured property, lost through the fault and negligence of the captors; for compensation in damages.
The right of visitation and search is a belligerant right which cannot be drawn into question; but must be conducted with as much regard to the safety of the vessel detained, as is consistent with a thorough examination of her character and voyage.

OF THE UNITED STATEM
(LOCAL LAW.)
M'IVER et al., Lessees, v. RA4AN et al.

1817. MIVe.

Where the plaintiffs in ejeetment claimed under a grant from the state of North Carolina, comprehending the lands'for which the suit was brought, and the defendants claimed under a junior patent, and a possession of seven years, which, by the statutes of that stato and Tenessee, constitutes a bar to the action, if the possession be under colour of title: To repel this defence, the plaintiffs proved
that no corner or course of the grant, under which they claimed, was marked, except the beginning corner; that the beginning and nearly the whole land, and all the corners, except one, were within the Cherokee Indian boundary, not having been ceded to the United States, until the year 1806, within seven years from which time the suit vwas brought; but the land in the defendant's possession, an& for which the suit was brought, did not lie within the Indian boundary - It was held that, notwithstanding the laws of the. United States prohibited all persons from surveying or marking any lands within the Indian territory, and the plaintiffs could not, therefore, survey the land granted to them, the defendints were entitled to -hold the part possessed by them for the period of seven yearn under
colour of title.

ERRoR to the circuit court for the district of'

West Tenessee.

The plaintiffs in error brought an ejectment in

that court for 5,000 acres of land, in possession of tho

defendant, Ragan, and on the trial gave in evidence

a grant from the State of North Carolina, of 40,000

acres, comprehending the lands for which. the suit

was instituted.

The defendants claimed, undir a junior patent to

Mabane, and a possession of seven years held by

Ragan, which, by the statutes of North Carolina and

VOL.JI.

D

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
MlIver
V Raga.

.Tenessee, constitutes a bar to the action, if the pos-
session be under colour of title. To repel this defence, the plaint;ffs proved that
no corner or course of the grant, under which they

claimed, was marked, except the beginning corner. That the beginning, and nearly the whole land, and all the cdrners, except one, were within the Indiati boundary, being part of the lands reserved by treaty, for the Cherokee Indians; These lands were not ceded to the United Statei, until the year 1806', within seven years from which time this suit was instituted., But the land, in possessibn of the defendant, Ragan, and for which this ejectment was brought, did not lie within the Indian boundary.
The laws of the United States prohibited all per. sons from surveying or marking any lands within the country reserved by treaty for the Indians.
Upon this iestimony, the counsel for the-plaintils reques ted the court to instruct the jury, that " the act of limitati6ns would. not run against the 'plaintiffs for any part of the said trad, although such part should be out of the Indian. boundary, until the Indian title was extinguished t6 that part of the tract which includes -the beginning corner, and the lines running from it, so as to enable them to 'survey their land, and prove the defendant to be within their grant.". But the judge instructed the jury that, "although the Indian boundary included the beginning corner, and part of the lines of the said tract, yet, if the defendants had actual possession of part of the said tract, not so included within the said Indian boundary, and retained possession thereof for seven

OF THE UNITED STATES.
-Bars, without any suit being commenced, the plaintiff would thereby be barred from a recovery."
To this opinion the plaintiffs, by their' counsel, excepted.
The jury found a verdict for the defibndants, or which a jugment was rendered, and the cau-e was brought before this courtby writ of error.

1817.
A'lver
V.
Ragan.

Mr. Swann and Mr. Campbell, for the plaintiffs :n error and in ejectment. 1. Statutes of limit..,iuns, all over the world, except certain cases of a peculiar nature from their operation; and the impediment in this case is analogous to the exceptions expressly provided. The case of civil war interrupting all the proceedings in courts of justice ii not stronger than the present; the omission in the statute ought therefore to be supplied by judicial equity. 2. The
act of theo30th of March, 1802, ch. 13. sec. 5., pro-
hibits the surveying, or attempting to survey, or designating any of the boundaries, &c., of lands within the-Indian territory, under severe penalties; and the party could not have obtained a passport from the officers authorized to grant it by the 3d section of the act, in order to survey lands, but merely to go into the Indian country for any lawful purpose. 3. The record does not regularly deduce the defendant's title. There is no presumption raised, that Ragan continued his possession under Mabane, -and without it, that possession would not be under colour of title, according to the statutes of limitation of North Carolina and Tennessee, and the decision

Fb. Gth.

1817.
M'Iver V.
Rg_:1.

CASE8 IN THE SUPREME COURT
of this court in the case of Patton'sLessee v. Eas-
Mr. Jones and Mr. Thomas, contra. The exceptions in the statute of limitations, (which statute gives the right of property as well as of possession,) are expressed by the legislature, and cannot beo multiplied by implication. But supposing the statute" not to apply to lands within the Indian boundary; the lands held by the defefidant was not within the Indian boundary, and therefore the limitation applis to it. If the plaintiffs had instituted a suit, they might have entered the indian country, under an order of court, and surveyed the lands. The(character of the defendants' possession, and not that of the plaintiffs, is tb determine the right of property.

. uti . Mr. Ch. J. MARSHALL delivered the opinion of tho court, and, after stating the facts, proceeded as follows: It is contended, by the plaintiffs in error, that the
judge misconstrued the law in his instructions to the jury.
The ca'se is -admitted to be within the act of limitations of the state of Tennessee, and not within the letter of the exceptions. But it is co'ntended that, as the plaintiffs were disabled, by statute, from sur, veying their land, and, consequently, from prosecut,
lug this suit with effect, they must be excused from

a I WAcql. 47.

OF- THE UNITED STATES.

bringing it; and are within the equity, though not 'within the letter of the exceptiobs.
The statute of limitations is intended, not for the punishment of those who neglect to assert their rights by suit, but for the protection of those who have remained in possession under 'colour of a title believed to be good. The possession of the defendants being of lands, not within the Indian territory, and being in itself legal, no reason exists, as connected with that possession, why it should not avail them and perfect their title as intended by the act.
The claim of the plaintiffs to be excepted from the operation of the act.is founded, so far as respects this point, not on the character of tue defendants' possession, but on the impediments to the assertion of their own title.
Wherever the situation of a party was such as, in the opinion of the legislature, to furnish a motive for excepting him from the operation of the law, the leg'lature has made the exception. Tt would be going far for this court to add to those exceptions. -It is admitted that the case of the plaintiffs is not within them, but it is contended to be within the same equity with those which have been taken out of the statute; as where the courts.of a country arc closed so that no suits can be instituted.
This proposition cannot he admitted. The .difficulties under which the plaintiffs laboured respected the trial, not the institution of their suit. There was no obstruction to the bringing of'this ejeetment -t an earlier day. If, at the trial, a survey had been

1817.
%'::ve
A111ver
v.
Rti.

1817.
M' 'Iver
v.
2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

found indispensable to the justice of the cause, the sound ditcretion of the court would have been exercised on a motion for a continuance. Had such

a motion been overuled, the plaintiffs would have

been in the condition of all those who, from causes

which they cannot control, are unable to obtain that

testimony which will establish their rights. If this

difficulty be produced by the legislative power, the

same power might provide a remedy; but courts

cannot, on that account, insert in the statute of

limitations an exception which the statute does not

contain. Ithas never been determined that the im.

possibility of bringing a case to a successful issue,

from cuses of uncertain duration, though created

by tje legislature, shall take such case out of ttie

operation .,f the act of limitations unless the legisla-

ture shall so declare its will.

It as also been contended, that in this

the

possession is not under colour of title.

The ejectment was'served on Ragan, who was

the tenant in possession, and, on his motion, David

Mabane and John Thomson, executors of 'the last

will and testament of James Mabane, debea'sed, and

landlords to the said Henry Ragan, were admitted

as defendants with him in the cause. At the trial

they produced a grant for the land in contovers$.

to James Mabane, and. proved, "that Ragan took

possession of the same, under James Mabane, the

grantee, in 1804, and continued to occupy the same

ever since." It is argued that, inough Ragan is stated to have

taken possession uqde. .Mabane, he is not stated t6

OF THE UNITED STATES.

have continued that possession under Mabane, and 1817.

this court will not presume that he did so. Without

'

such presumption, his possession, it is said, would vnobbe under colour of title, and, consequently, would Raan

be no bar to the action according to the statute of

Tennessee.

The court cannot yield its assent to this hyper-

criticism on the language of the exceptions. The

representatives -of Mabane came in as defendants,

and plead the general issue. They are stated on

the record to be the landlords of Ragan. When

Ragan is said to have taken possession under Ma-

bane, and to have continued to occupy the land, the

fair inference is that the possession was continued

under the same right by which it was originally

taken. Neither the statement of the counsel, nor.

the opinion of the court turns; in any degree, on-the

nature and character of Ragan's possession, but on

the disability of tne plaintiffs to survey their land.

For all these reasons this court is decidedly of opi-

nior, that the possessiQ" of Ragan was the posses-

sion of Mabane, and was under colour of title.

Judgment affirmed.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

:iendment was rejected upon the prix'ciple-of which ought, there.

87

ground that it would be dangerous to insert in the code a general provision of this nature, which though it might be required in some cases, would, in others, be perverted to the. protection of fraud .an4 negligencer.and the

fore, to be applied bpjyudicial discretiou inevery particular case, according to its own.peculiar circupntance** IRq ri 'du Code do CommeUe, war J. G. LocrS. torh 3.,p. 1ei,

utc'cou V.
L"Wp'

(coRM05 LAW~.)
iU'Codx v.Liu i's Administralriz
A. LA.brought an actionof assumpsit in the circuit court, and after Issue joined, the plaintiff died, and the suit was revived by scirefacima in the name of his administratrix. While the suit was stilldepending ne administratrix intermarried with F. A., which marriage was pleaded puis darrein continuance. Held that the ecirefacia was -thereupln abated, and a 'new scire facias might be issued to revive the original suit in the name of F. A. and wife, us the'personal representative of A. L., in ordesto enable her to prosecute the suit until a final judgment under the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20. sec. 31.
Where aWitness, a clerk to the plaintif, swore that the several articles of merchindize contained in the account annexed to his deposition, were sold to the defendant by the plaintiff, and were chmged in the plaintiff's day-book by the deponent and another person who is dead, and that the deponent delivered, and further swore, that ho haa referred to the original entries in the day-book; held, that this '-wassuScient evidence to prove the sale and delivery of the goodc,
'ERROR to the circu:t. court for the district of Virginia.
This cause was argued by Mr. Lee, for the Feb.. 1,t2 plainif iaerror, and by Mr. Swann, for the defendant in error.

~.11

-CASPS IN THE SUPREME COURT

i817.

Mr. Chief Justice Mia'sH 'LL delivered thQ opinioh

Sof the court.

V. Albert Lekamp:brought this suit in' the, cruht Feb. 15th. cotirt, t the district of Virginia, for the rec6very

of money claimed to be due to him from Neil M'Coul,

the defendant below. After issue joihed the plaintiff died, and the suit was revived in the name of his

administratrix. While the suit was still depending,

the administratrix intermarried with Frederick L. E.

Amelung, which marriage was pleaded puis darret n

continuance. The scirefacias was thereupon"abated and a new scirejaciasissued to revive the orievinal

action in the names of Am.elung and wifq, as the

personal representatives of Albert Lekamp.

At a subsequent term the cause was tried on the

original issue, and a verdict found for the plaintiff

on which the defendant prayed that the judgtqent

might be arrested for the following reasdgs :. ".e-

cause he saith, that after the plea pleaded the origi-

nal plaintiff, Albert Lekaiqp, departed this life,, and Sophia Lekamp, his administratrix, sued,'fotth, a

screfaczs t revive the su~lt,on the 4th ofJulyj ,i181 ,t that while the suit stood revid'in her xiime aa

administratrix, the said Sophia Lekamp intermiarried with Frederick L. . Amelng, and on the 4th of

December, .jU12, this defendant haying pleadqe, thw intermarriage aforesaid, it was ordered that thot

.'cire fa4eiabd ahpted, wheregppn the sa4dredorick

L.E. Amelunfg and Sophipt his wile, as adhiizstra-

trix aforesaid, sued out; a new scare fpaast9 revivo

the suit, and there.;being iqo 9,yw'.l9, 'plqaded or

any consent that the cause slhould be revived in any

bF THE UIMTED STATES.

other manner than the law would direct, the jury

was empanneled, and a verdict found as aforesaid;

and the said defendant saith, that the act of Congress, in that case made and provided, doth not warrant

the revival of the suit in the name of the said Ame.'

lung and wife, under the circumstances aforesaid."

These errors were overruled, anid a judgment

rendered conforming to the verdict of the jury.

At the trial of this caiuse, the plaintiff offered ih

evidence the deposition of Zachariah Roberts, with

the accounts thereunto annexed. The deponent

states, that he was clerk of Albert Lekamp, from

the 10th day of January, 1804, to the 9th day of

June, i809. That the account B., annexed to his

deposition, is a just and true account current taken

from the books. That on the 8th day of November,

1805, Neil M'Codl paid up the balance for goods

purchased previous to the 26th of April, 1805, with

the interest due thereon as stated. He therf recapitu-

lates-in his deposition the several items on the debit

side of the account current, which is composed of the

sums total of-goods delivered on particular days,

.and "states most positively that the said items are

taken from the account current of the said Neil

M'Coul on the said Lekamp's books, which books

he kept, and has had reference thereto. That

viewing and referring to the other paper writing

annexed,marked, also, with the letter B., beginning

with the words, ' a statement of merchandise sold.

and delivered to Neil M'Coul,' he saith that the

several articles of merchandise therein enunmerated,

specified, described, anl at large set forth and

VOL. IL

P

iar.
DvCota
v.
Lekamp,

M11

G4SES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
M'Couj
L. eaw,,

-charged, and contained also in the before-mention4
account current, marked B., were sold by said Albert Lekamp, in his life time, and at the respective times at which they are charged to the defendant, Neil M'Coul, and were chargedin the day-book of tho said Albert Lekamp, by the deponent and Mr. Vit-
hake, who is now deceased, and the deponent delivqered them," &c. The deposition then proceeds to state that the prices are correctly stated ; that all due credits, so far as he knows, are given; and that the balance is truly struck: Arid adds,, that the depooent, before giving in his deposition, had referenco to ihe original entries on the day-books of Lekampt which entries were made by Mr. Vithake himself.
The first account, marked B., is, as is stated in the deposition, the account current. The second account, also marked B., is a particular and detailed enumeration of the articles sold and delivered, with their prices, and agrees in amount with the account
current. The counsel for the defendant movPd thp court.
not to alloiy the said accounts to go in evidence tq the jtry, as not *beingcopies of the original entries jn the day-books or original books of the plaintiff's intestate; but the court was of opinion, that the account B., beginning with the words 'statemnent,'l
&c., was substantially stated by' the witness to be 4 popy from the day-books, or original books of entries) and that the same was sufficiently proved to go in eyidence to the jqry, together with the said depo-ilion. The -defendants excepted to this opiniog.

OF THE.UNITED SVfATES.

Two-errors are assigned in the proceedings of the cofirt below :
ist. In reviving this' suit after the abatement of the first scirefacias, which error ought to have.arrested the judgment.
2d. In permitting the account, marked B.) to go in evidence to the jury
The first error assigned is of some consequence,
as the decision upon it furnishes a rule of practice for all the circuit courts of the United States.
The argument for the plaintiff in error is briefly this- At common law all suits abate by the death or marriage of the plaintiff, if a ferne sole ; and such suit could not be prosecuted in the name of the representative, or of the husband and wife, unleqs enabled so to do by statute. The act of congress provides for the case of death, but not for the case of marriage. Consequently, the suit of a fme so& who marries abates as at common law.
This argument, if applied to an original suit, in-stituted by a feme sole, would certaihly be conclusive: but this suit was not instituted by a feme sole. .It was instituted by Albert Lekamp, who died while it was depending. The -law says, "That where .any suit shall be depending in any court of the United States, and either of the parties shall die before final judgment, the executor or administrator of such deceased.party, who was plaintiff, petitioner, or defendant, in case the cause of action doth, by law, survive, shall have full Dower to prosecute or defenA any such suit or action until final judgment?'
When, therefore, Albert Lekamp died, his admirr- -

18t7.
D1'coul
V.

11 1317.
MICvoul V,.
Lekamp.

CASES IN'TRE SUPREME COURT
istratrix, since the cause of action survived, had full power given her by the .statute to prosecute this suit until final judgment. The suit did not abate, but
continued on the dodket as the, suit of Albert
Lekamp. It did not become the suit of the admin. istratrix, but remained the suit of the intestate, to be prosecuted by his representative. The marriage of this representative 'would abate her own suit, but could not abate the suit of lher intestate. That still remained on the docket, 'to be prosecited by her, according to the letter of the law, as well as its spirit, "until final' judgment," If her marriage abated her scire facias, and the original suit still remain'ed on the docket, was still depending, then its state was the same as if a sciro facias had'never issued; in, which case all will admit a sciro facias ought to issue in the name ofhusband and wife.
This court is unanimously of opinion, that as the original suit did not abate, the scire facias in the name of the administratrix, while a fenw sole, constituted no bar to a scire facias in the name of the liu. band and wife after her marriage, to.enable her still "to prosecute that suit until a final judgment."
The question whih grows out of the bill of exceptions is entirely a question of construction. All admit, that inthis action the delivery of th6 goods sold must be proved, and that the entries to which tie witness may refer must be the original entries made in the day book. The doubt is, whether, upoin right construction, the deposition of Zacha. niab Roberts amounts to this. He says, that the several articles of merchandise contained in the ac.

19F THE UNITED STATES.

wount annexed to his deposition, were sold to the de. fendaut by Albert Lekamp, and were charged inthe day-book by the 'deponent and another person who is dead, and that the deponent delivered them. He further. swears that he had referred to the original entries in the day-book. He could not swear more positively to the delivery of the goods than he does; but as it is clear that he could not, even for a week, recollect each article which is enumerated, he accounts for his recollection by saying that they were entered in the day-book partly by himserf, and partly by another clerk who is dead, and that be has refer. red to this day-book. This is an account taken from the original entries made at the time of delivery, and is, theiefore, admissible. The account current, though agreeing with the account taken from tfhe day-book, appears not to have gone to the jury.

1817.
TdCoul
V. Lekamp.

Judgment affirmed.e

a Whatever might have been the doctrine of the civil, or RoIan" law, on this subject, it is ertain that by the codes of the
nations of the European eontinent, which are founded on that law, the books of merchants and. traders are, under certain regulations, evidence against those ,with whom they deal. Thus, by the law of France. the 'books of
traders, regularly kept, may be admitted as evidence, in commercial matters, between persons engged ia trade. Code de Ceim.

mirc, Liv. 1. Tit. 2. Des Livres de Commerce, Art. 12. So, also, the booka of tradesmen make a semi-prof against all persons deal-
ing with them, the oath of the party being'added to this Imperfect evidence afforded bi the booko. To which Pot/bier adds, that the tradesman must enjoy the reputa, tion of. probity; that the books must be regularly kept; that the action must he commenced within a year from the time the article are delivered; that the amount be not too great; and that there. is

1.8

CASES IN TWhJ SUFRElE COURT.

1817.
lI'Coul y.
Lekamp,

nothing improbable in the demand the courts founded thereon, or by

arising from the circumstance3 and positive statutes.

wants of the debtor. De Oblige. Thus it hat bee n hold, by the

lions, .N'os. 719. 721.

supreme courtofN ow-Yorl, (Mr.

By the common law of Eng- Justice PLATT di ssenting,) that land, books og account, or shop where there are r egular dealings

books, are not allowed, of themselves, to be given in evidence for the owner; but a clerk, or ser-

between the plain tiff and deferdant, and it is proved that the plaintiff keop3 fair and honest

vant, who made the briginal en- books of account that some of

tries, may have recourse to them the articles charge d to the dofen-

to refresh hid memory, as to dant have been delivored to him; other written memoranda, made and, that the pli intiff kreps no

at the time of the transaction. So clerk, his bookn "account aret

if the clerk or servant who made under these restric flien, and from

the entries be dead, the books may the necessity of thocase, admissi-

be admitted in evidence, to show ble evidence for th o consideration

the delivery of the articles, on of the jury. Voabu.rgh v. Thayer,

producing proof of his hand-wri- 12 Johns. Aep. 4631.

ting. Bull. J. P. 282. Price v. In Ponnsylvani a, and in the ' Torrington. 1 SaJZ. 285. S. C. 2 eastern states geno rally, the plain. Ld.Raym. 873. Pitmanv. Madox. tiff's books of account,, together -

2 Salk. 690. Butifthe clerkbeliv- with his suppleto y oath proving

ing, though absent without the ju- the original entries, and the sale

risdiction of the court, the entries and delivery of tho articles are are inadmissible. Cooper v. evidence to prove such sale and

Marsaen. , Iep. .X. P. C. 1. In most of the United States the Eugisb lawr on this subject js ad-

delivery.. Poultene,yet al. v. Ross. 1Dall. 238. Steritt *Y'B.tIll. I Binney, 234. Cogswell v. Dolivor. 2

herod to as the rule of practice.- wIaso. Rep. 217. 'rime v. Smith..

Butin others it has beenchanged 4 JOss. Rep. 4 s.

%ither by ipaSe and decisions of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
laid by law on the rectification of spirits, nor does it appear that any was contemplated; and, if the process is confined to the rectification of spirits already distilled, no penalty is incurred, although a license is not previously obtained. It was evidently the intention of the legislature to exact one duty only on the distillation of spirits.
It is the opinion of this court, that there is no error in the judgment of the circuit court.
This opinion is given on the request of the Attorney-General; it being probable that the same question may frequently occur. But, as this cause is improperly brought before this court by ivrit of error, having been first carried from the district to the circuit court by the same process, it is dismissed.

259
1817.
Chirar
v Chirac.

Writ of error dismissed.

a Vide 7 Cranch, 103. The United States v. Goodwin. lb. -287. The United States v. Gordon et at.; in which cases it was 4etermined, that a writ of error

does not lie to cafry to the supreme court a civil cause which has been carried from the district court by writ of error.

J. C. F. CHIRAC V. the Lessee of A. F. Carn.zc et. aL
J. B. C., a native of France. migrated into the United States in 1793, and became domiciled iu Maryland. On the 22d September, 1795, he took the oaths of citizenship acconling to an act of Ascembly 9f Maryland, passed in 1779, and the next day received a convey.

6

260

CASES IN THE SUPR EME COURT

1817. ,
Chirac v.
Chirac,

ance in fee of lands inthat State. On the 6ith July, 1790, he wan naturalized under the laws of the United States; and, in July, 1799, died intestate, leaving no legitimate relations, other than the plaintiffs in ejectment, who were natives and residents of Franco. Upon the supposition that the lands were escheatable, he stale of
Maryland conveyed'them to his natural son J.C. F. C., with a saving of the rights of all persons claiming by devisok or descent from the intestate; under which grant, J.C. F. C. took possession of the lands, and remained in possession until the ejectment was bre",ht. In March, 1809. the defendants in error, the heirs at law of J. B C., French subjectsbrought an action of ejectment for the
lands i.question; and, in May 1815, obtained a verdict in their favour, and a judgment thereon, which was affirmed. Itwas held, that the power of naturalization is exclusively in congress ; but that the treaty of amity and commerce between the Ujited States and France, of 1778, art. 11, enabled the subjects of Fiance to purchase and hold lands in the United States. Quxre, What was the effect of this treaty under the Confedera. tion ? J. B. C. having died, seized in fee of the lands in question; his heirs being French subjects; the treaty of 1778 having boen abrogated'
and the act of Marylaiid, of 1789, permitting the lands of a French subject, who had become a citizen bf Maryland, dying intestate, to descend on the next of kin being non-naturalized Frenchmen, with a proviso vesting the land in the State, if the French heirs. should not, within ten years, become resident citizens of the State, or convey the lands to a citizen: it was determined, that the timb for the performance of this condition having expired before the action was brought, the estate was terminated, unless supported in some other manner than by the act of M aryland. But the convention of 1800, between the United States and France, enabling the people of one country holding lands in the otlhor, to dispose'of the same by testament, or otherwise, and to inherit lands in the respective countries without being obliged to obtaini letters of naturalization; it was held that it rendered the performance of this condition a useless formality, and that the conventional rule applied equally to the case of those who took by 'descent, under the act, as to those who acquired by purchase, without its aid. The further stipulation in the convention " that in caso the laws al either of the two states should restrain strangers from the exercise ,f the rights of property with re3pect to real estate, such real estate may be sold, or otherwise disposed of, to citizens or inhabitantu

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the country where it may be," was held not to affect the rights of a French subject who takes, or holds, by the convention, so as to deprive him of the power of selling to citizens of this country; and was held to give to a French subject, who had acquired lands by descent, or devise, (and, perhaps, in any other manner,) the rigbt, during life, to sell, or otherwise dispose thereof, if lying in a utate where lauds purchased by an alien, geperally, would be immediately escheatable. Although the convention of '1800 has expired by its own limitation, it was determined that the instant the descent was cast on a French subject during its continuance, his rights became complete under it, and could not be affected by its subsequent expiration.

261
1817.
Chirac v.
Chirac.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Ma-
ryland. John Baptiste Chirac, a native of France, migra-
ted into the United States, in the year 1793, and settled in Ma-ryland. On the 22d of Septenber, 1795, he took the oaths of citizenship, according to the form prescribed\ by an act of Assembly of the state of Maryland, passed in the year 1779, and the next day received a conveyance in fee of land lying within that state.
On the 6th of July, 1798, he was naturalized as prescribed by the laws of the United States; and, in July, 1799, he died intestate, leaving no legitimate relations other than the plaintiff s, who are natives and residents of France.
Supposing the lands of whioh he died seized to be escheatable, the state of Maryland conveyed them to John Charles Francis Chirac, his natural son, with a saving of the rights of all persons claiming by devise or descent from the intestate. Under this act, John Charles Francis Chirac took possession of the land of. his father, and has remained in possession ever since.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.,
ChVir.ac.
Chirac.

IiMarch, 1809, the defendants in error,. who are Sthe heirs at law ofJohn Baptiste Chirac, and subjects of the king of France, brought their ejectment for the land of which their ancestor died seised; and

inMay, 1815, under the instruction of the court, to

which exceptions wdre taken, obtained a verdict in their favour, on which a judgment was renderod ;

which judgment is now before the court on')a writ

of error.

/

The act of Assembly of the state of Maryland,

on the construction of which the cause mainly turned,

was passed in 1780, and is entitled ' An act lo-de,

clare and ascertain the privileges of the subjects of

France residing within this state." The 1st sec-

lion gives to Fr ncb subjects the capacity of hold.

ing lands within the state, on certain conditions.

The 2d section gives to those subjccts who may be

resident in the state, all the rights of free citizens

thereof. The 3d section contains a proviso restrict-

ing and limiting the privileges granted by the act,

and declaring that nothing therein contained "shall:

be construed to grint to those who shall continue

subjects of his most christian majesty,and not qualify

themselves as-citizens of this state, 'anyright to pur-

chase or hold lands, or real estate, but for their r-..

spective lives, or for years." The 4th section enacts,

that if any French subject who shall become a citi-

zen of Maryland "shall die intestate, the natural

kindred of such decedent, whether residing in France

or elsewhere, shall inherit his or her 'eal estate, in

like manner as if such decedent, and his kindred,

were the citizens of this state," with a proviso, that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

whenever any French-subject shall, by virtue of the act, become seised in fee of any real estate, his or hcr estate, "after the term of ten years be expired, 'shall vest in the state, unless the person seised of the same, shall, within that time, either come and settle in, and become a citizen of this state, or enfeoff thereof, some citizen of this or some other of the United States of America."

1817.
Chime,
V.
Chi,,1.

Mr. Harper,for the plaintiff in error, and the de- March Sa. fendant in the court below. . The act of congress abrogating the French treaties, in consequence of the non-fulfilment of their stipulations by France, and the second article of the convention of 1800, stipulating for farther negotiation respecting" the -claims of the United States for indemnities, and ifespectng the revival of the treaties, drew after them a virtual repeal of the act of Maryland of 1780; that act being founded on the repiprocity stipulated -by the treaties. The intervention of the local legislatures was deemed necessary to carry into effect treaties made by the national government under the confederation. The legislature of Maryland understood it to have been so, for their act is not a literal transcript of the treaty of 1778; it limits and controls the reciprocity stipulated by-the treaty. As nobody at that period could conceive the possibility that we should ever case to maintain the relations of friendship and alliance with France, no time for the duration of the act was limited; but when the treaty was annulled the act fell with it. Consequently, the heirs of John Baptiste Chirac had no

264'"

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
"C"himeo Y.
ChrC.

inheritable quality. 2. He acquired no capacity to hold by his 'naturalization under the local law, since, by the constitution, congress alone has the power of prescribing uniform rules of naturalization; and

the act of Maryland is a general naturalization law, not a special act authorizing aliens to hold lands, or conferring other particular privileges. It the states could make such a law, the constitution of the United States would be completely evaded; as the citizens of one state are entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in every other state. 3. The heirs of John Baptiste. Chirac have riot conformed to the provisions of the act of Maryland by settling in the state and becoming citizens, nor by enfeoffing some person of the lands within ten years from the time when they became seised; and, consequently, their right was gone before the ejectment was brought. The term seisin in the act means, not a seisin in fact, a pedis possessio, but a legal seisin; and the, ten years' limitation begins to run after the seisin h6 law. The technical word enfcoff, as here used, merely refers to the alienation of the land, which may be by bargain and sale, or any other usual mode of conveyance known in the state; and it was not necessary that they should come into the state in order to execute any of these conveyances, or even to make a feoffment.

Mr. Winder and Mr. Xercer, contra. 1. The constitution of the United States, and the laws'made under it, do not, ipsojure, repeal a state law relativo to the same matter, but on'y annul such paris of the latter as are inconsistent with the former. The re-

'OF THE UNITED STATES.
spective states still preserve the right of making nataralization laws, giving certain civil rights to foreigners, without conferring universal'political citizenship. 2. The act of Maryland was not founded on the treaty merely; the legislature had other objects of policy-in view, than 4 mere compliance with Ihe stipulations of the treaty; the continuance of the act was wholly independent of the treaty. It is a part of the code of Maryland, abstracted from the treaty, and would exist with or without the treaty. It consequently remained in full force and "vigour notwithstanding-the abrogation .of the French treaties in 1798. The time of limitation contained in the act, within which the party is obliged to come and reside in the state, or to enfeoff a citizen, d6es not refer to a mere seisint in law. The term "seised,'" if unconnected with otli& expressions, qualifying its import, might, indeed, imply a legal seisin only; but with the injunction to "enfeoff," it nccessarily imports a seisin in fact, because such a seisin isnecessary to enable-the pa-ty to make a feoffment. 4. But the convention of 1800, which was concluded whilst the defendant in error held an estate in fee simple ,under the act of Maryland, determinable by their failure to comply with one of the alternative conditions contai*ned in that act, is conclusive of this cause. That convention enables the citizens of both countries to dispose by testament, donation, or otherwise, of their property, whether real or~per-
sonal, situate in the territories of either, to whonisa. -everthey plase; and to succeed as heirs ab intestato,
VOL. R-L

1817.
Chira'c V.
Ch.c.

1817. Chirac
v.
Chirac.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

without being naturalized.a The first clause of the

Sarticle

'ives a new power to dispose of property

held by citizens of either- country in the dominions of the other, viz. the power to dispose by testament,

or in any other manner. It, of course, repeals so much of the act of Maryland as restricts the power of disposing to the mode of feoffment only; and not only does not prescribe any period of time 'vithin which it is to be done, but necessarily gives the lifetime of the party, since it allows a disposition by last will and testament, which can only take effect after the death of the party. The second clause places the citizens of both countries in the same predicament as to inheritances as if they were naturalized. The defendants in error were, by the laws of the state, heirs to John Baptiste Chirac, subject to a liability to have their estate defeated unless they became naturalized. This clause superceded the necessity of naturalization, or, rather, naturalized thein fbr this particular purpose. The further stipulation "that in case the laws of either of the two states should restraifi strangers from the exercise of the rights of property with respect to real estate, such real estate may be sold, or-otherwise disposed of, to citizens or inhabitants of the country where it may be," can only refer to the laws made by the two contracting parties, i. e. France and the United States'; not any particular state of our domestic confederacy: for the states of the union, as separate and 'independent sovereignties are not.included.

a Art. 7th.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
N act of theirs could affect the donveqtion. It is to them the supreme law;, and no state law incompatible with it can be valid: therefore, that part of the act 'of Maryland which prescribes only one mode of disposing of real property belonging to Frenchmen, is void." The treaty secures the right to dispose of it in any mode.

267 1C17.
Chiiac
V.
Chirac.

Mr. JiIartin, in reply. 1.It is a general rule adopted by sovereign states, that the real property within their dominions should not be owned by aliens; not that.this universal rule is considered as a deprival of property, the suffering a penalty, or the incurring of a forfeiture, bt as an absolute disability to acquire, to hold, and to enjoy the prgpcrty, founded -upon reasons of public policy.' The act of Maryland merely dispenses pith this rule to a certain extent, and upon certain conditions: it does not inflict any penalty or forfeiture on the kindr.d of
the decedent; nor create ip them any disabilities;
nor deprive them of any property; nor infringe any of their rights whatsoever. Consequently, they must show that they have strictly complied with the terms on whichthis boon has been granted 2. The moment the French subject, on whom the act confers a capacity to hold, dies, his kindred innerit; and the moment the kindred inherit,, they become seised in fee; and the moment they become seised in fee, the time of limitation begins to run, within

b 1 Bac. Abr. Alien. Leter c. 132. In .Notis, Parker,144. 5 Brown's Parl.Ca,. 91. The Attorney-General v. Duplessis.

268
1817.
%Chirac V.
CbiraO.

CASES IN "THE$UPREI E COURT
which they must either come and settle in tbe'stat, 0 &c., or enfeoff a citizen. The policy of the legislature in prescribing.his limitation was, that not mbre. than. ten years should, elapse from the decease of
the French proprietor, beforo the lands should again be held and owned by a,citizen, whose, interest it might' be to cultivate and improve the same for, the, benefit of the community. It was, therefore, per. fectly immaterial b.what tchlcalit~odLeof.onveyance the property should be conveyed, atidwh0ther the seisin of the -heirs should be a seisin in thotj.ora. legal seisin. , The 'conveyance might be by:nny sufficient deed; and ,evna fiqfmnt might be'nido by an ,att6tney, ,without obtaining "aetiiat pbssessiobrv
3. The stipulation in the convention of P'0 dosa
not; of itself, g! .to French'.citizens property which they had not opfore, nor enlakge or altOr-their es. "tates in the lands held by them. They must,have been legally entitled to property when the conventiorn took,placb,.or imust have leg'ally. acquired it tqfler, war&s,.- The ancestor of the defendants in error had in his lifetime Afee simpld, and died'seised thertof;: but'of'this.estate' he was seiged, not as a Frenhi citizen, but as'a citizen of Matyland;, and upon hid dei,.h his heirs, being-aliens, could have had nolegal claim to the'property, and it would have escheatod to the stat, -had it not been for the act. of Maryland. Under that act they became geis'd of an estate in fee simple, but'conditional and liable to be defeated,' unless they comiplied with the terms of the act. Had they, within. the ten years; become citizens of thq state, they would not have wanted the protec,

I OF' THE UNITED STATES.
6on of the treaty, for their -property would have been protected as that-of"citizens. Had they, within the same time, enfeoffed a citizen, the estate would have vested in him, and the protection of the treaty would have been equally superfluous. As the heirs performed neither-the one nor the other of these alternative conditions, their estate was-defeated at the expiration of the term of ten years, and became vbsted in the state. From that time the defendants in error have not been seised of any estate to be ope'rated on by the convention; and, consequently, it can"give them no right to recover the lands either from the stare; or from the plaintiff in error, who claims under the state.

1s7:
Chime
.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion .arch 116t of the court.. -"
The first point made by the plaintiff in error is, that the estate of which John Bapti.te Chirac died seised was, in his lifetime, escheatable, because it was acquired before he became a citizen of the United States; the law of the state of Maryland, according to whic-h he took the oaths of citizenship, being virtually repealed by the constitution of the United States, and the act of naturalization enacted by congress.
That the power of naturalization is txclusively in congress does not seem to be, and certainly ought not to be, controverted; but, it is contended, that tie act of Maryland, passed inthe year 1780,," To declare and ascertain the privileges of the subjects of France residing within that state," gives to thoe

270

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817. subjects the power of holding land on the perform-

%
Chirac

ance of certain conditions prescribedin that act.

V. The 2d section gives to the subjects of France Chirac. who may reside within the state of Maryland, all

the rights of free citizens of that state. The 3d
section contains a proviso restricting the privileges granted by the act, and declaring that nothing therein contained shall be construed to grant to those who should continue subjects of his most christian
majesty, and not qualify themselves as citizens of this state, any right to purchase or hold lands, or real estate, but for their respective lives or for years.
This act certainly requires that a French subject, who would entitle himself, under it, to hold lands in fee, should be a citizen according to the law which might be in force at the time of acquiring the estate. Otherwise he could only purchase or hold for life or years. John Baptiste Chirac was not a citizen according to that law when he purchased the land in
controversy. It is unnecessary to inquire into the consequences
of this state of things, because we are all of opinion that the treaty between the United States and France. ratified in 1778, enabled the subjects of France to hold lands in the United States. That treaty declared that "The subjects and inhabitants of the United States, or any one of them, shall not be reputed Aubains (that is aliens) in France." "They may, by testament, donation, or otherwis.e, .dispose of their goods, moveable and immoveable, in favour of such persons as to them shall seem good;

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and their heirs, subjects of the said United States, whether residing in France or elsewhere, may succeed them a6 intestat, without being obliged to obtain letters of naturalization. The subjects of the most christian king shall enjoy, on their part, in all the dominions of the said states, an entire and perfect reciprocity relative to the stipulations contained in the present articlec "
Upon every principle of fair construction, this article gave to the subjects of France a right to purchase and hold lands in the United States.
It is unnecessary to inquire into the effect of thig treaty under the confederation, because, before John Baptiste Chirac emigrated to the United States, the ,ionfederation had yielded to our present constitution, and this treaty had become the supreme law of the land.

1817.
Chirac
V.
Chime.

c Before the French revolution the active 'power of inheriting. the droitd'aubaine(jusalinatus) This was, given to all foreigners, was abolished, or rather modified, without distinction, and, indepenby the treaties between France dent of treaties, by .tlle national and the greater part of the other assembly in 1789. But this concivilized powers of the world. cession was repealed by the civil But, it seems, according to an ob- code, which again placed the mat. servation of M. Tronchet, in the ter upon its original footingof rediscussions on the civil code, that ciprocity, by enacting that foreignthis conventional law only exclu- ers should enjoy in France the
ded the royal fisc from taking by same civil rights which are, or escheat the property of foreigners shall be, conceded to'Frenchmen deceased in France, but did not by the treaties with the nation to exclude their French relations which such foreigners may belong. from inheriting, in preference to Liv. 1. chap. 1, De la Jouisance their foreign heirs in the same or des Droits Cirils, Sri. II. Dis. a nearer degree of affinity; be- cussions du Code Ciril,par .M. .41 cause the foreign heirs had not Jouanneau,4c. Toni. I. p. 45.

272

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Chimec
,,.
Chimre.

The repeal of this treaty could not affect the real estate acquired by John Baptiste Chirac, because he was then a natuialized citizen, conformably to the
act of congress; and no longer required the protection given by treaty.
John Baptiste Chirac having died seised in fee of the land in controversy; his heirs at law being subjectt doFfrance; and there being, at that time, no treaty in existence between the two nations: did his land pass to these heirs, or did it become escheatnbhe?
This question depends on the law of Maryland. The 4th section of the act already mentioned enacts,
among other things, that if any shbject of France who shall become a citizen of Maryland, shall die intestate, the natural kindred of such decedent, whether residing in France or elsewhere, shall inherit his or her real estate, in like manner as if such decedent, and his kindred, were the citizens of this state.",
An attempt has been made to avoid the effect of this claim in the act, by contending that it was passed for the sole purpose of enforcing the treaty, and
was repealed by implication when the treaty was repeaTlehde. cor t does not think so. The enactment of
the law is positive, and in its terms perpetual. Its provisions are not made dependent on the treaty; and, although the peculiar state of things then existing might constitute the principal motive for the law, the act remains in force from its words, however that state.of things may change.
But, to this enacting clause is attached a proviso

OF THE UNITED STATES

that whenever any subject of France shall, by virtue

of this act, b~come seised in fee of any real esLae,

his or her estate," after the term of te~nCyheiarrasc.be qxpired, shall vest in the state, unless the person seised

of the same shall, within that time, either come and

settle in, and become a citizen of this state, or enfeoT

thereof some citizen of this or sonie other of the

United States of America."

The heirs of John Baptiste Chirac then, on his death, became seised of his real estate in fee, liable

to be defeated by the non-performance of the con-

dition in the proviso above recited. The time given

by'the act for the performance of this condition ex-

pired in July, 1809, four months after the institution

of this suit. It is admitted, that the condition has

not been performed; but it is contended, that the

non-performance is excused, because the heirs have

been Prevented from performing it by the act of

law and of the party. The defendant, in' the court

below, has kept the heirs out of possession, under

the act of the state of Maryland, so that they have

been incapable of enfeoffing any AmeriQan citizen;

and, having- been thus prevented from performing

one condition, they are excused for not performing

the other.

Whatever weight might be allowed to this argument, were it founded in fact, its effect cannot be ad-

mittedin this case. The heirs were not disabled from

enfeoffing an American citizen. They might have en-

tered, and have executed a conveyance for the land.

Having failed to do so, their estate has terminated,

VIOL. II.

31 m

273
1817.
T.

1817.
-Chirac V.
.Chirac.

VASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
unless it be supported in some other manner than by the act of Maryland.
This brings the court to a material question in the cause. While the defendants inerror were seised of an estate in fee simple, determinable by their failure to perform the condition contained in the act. of 1780, another treaty was entered into between the United States and France, which provides for the riLhts of French subjects claiming lands by inheritance in the UnitedStates. This treaty enables the people of one country, holding lands' in the other, to dispose of the same by testament ,or otherwis3, as they shall think proper. It also enables them to inherit lands in the respective countries, without being obliged to obtain letters of' naturalization.
Had John Baptiste Chirac, the person from whom the land in controversy descended, lived till this treaty became the law of the land, all will admit that the provisions which have been stated would, if uurestrained by other limitations,'have vested the estate of which he died seised in his heirs.
If no act had been passed on the subject, and the appellees had purchased lands lying in the United States, it is equally clear that the stipulations referred to would have operated on these lands, so as to do away that liability to forfeiture to which the real estates of aliens are exposed.
Has it the same or any effect on the estate of which the appellees were seized when it was entered into?
It has been argued that the treaty protects exist-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ing estates, and gives to French subjects a capacity to dispose aid to inherit; but does not enlarge estateiV
This is true. But the estate of the defendants in error requires no enlargement. It is already a fee, although subject to be defeated by the non-performance of a condition. The question is, does this treaty dispense with the condition, or give a longer time for its performance ? The condition is, that those who hold the estate shall become citizens of the United States, or shall enfeoff a citizen within ten years. Does the treaty control or dispense with this condition ?
The direct object of this stipulation is, to give French subjects the rights of citizens, so far Rs respects property, and to dispense with the necessity of obtaining letters of naturalization. It does away the incapacity of alienage, and places the defendants in error in precisely the same situation, with respect to latids, as if they had become citizens. It renders the performance of the condition a* useless formality, and seems to the court to release the rights of the state as entirely in this case as in the case of one wh/o had purchased, instead of taking by descent. The act of Maryland has no particular reference to the case of Chirac, but is a general rule of state policy prescribing the terms on which French subjects may take and hold lands. This rule is changed by the treaty; and it seems to the court that the new rule applies to all cases, as well to those where the lands have descended by virtue of the act, as to those where lands have been ac-

275 1817.
Chis Chirl.

276

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1817.
,
Chirac.

quired without its aid. The general power to dis,pose "without limitation," which is given by the treaty, controls the particular power to enfeoff within ten years,,which is given by the act of Maryland.
But the treaty proceeds to stipulate, "that in case the laws of either of the two states should restrain strangers from the exercise of the rights of property witb respect to real estate, such real estate may be sold, o otherwise disposed of, to citizens or inhabitants of the country where it may be."
In many of the state , perhaps in all of them, the laws do "restrain strangZers from the exercise of the0rights of property with respect to real estate :" consequently, this provision limits, to a certain extent, the principles antecedently granted. What is the extent of this limitation ?
It will probably prevent a French subject from inheriting or purchasing the estate.-of a French subject, who is not also a. citizen of the United States ; but it Cannot affect the right of him wh6 takes or holds by virtue of the treaty, so as to deprive him of the"power to do that for which this clause stipulates;
,that is, "to sell or otherwise dispose of the property to citizens or inhabitants of this country." This general power to sell, according td the principles of our law, and, it is presumed, of that of France, endures for life. A subject of France, then, who had acquired landsby descent or devise, (perhaps also by any other mode of purchase,) from a citizen of the United States, would have a right, during life, to sell or otherwise dispose of those lands, if lying in a state, where lauds purchased by an alien generally would

'OF THE UNITED StATES.
be immediately escheatable on account of alienage. The courf can perceive no reason for restraining this construction in the application of the treaty to.thb state of Maryland, where the law, instead of subjecting the estate to immediate forfeiture, protects it for ten years. - The treaty substitutes the term of life for the term of ten years given by the act.
If, then, the treaty between the 'United States and France still continued in force, the defendant would certainly be entitled to recover the land for which this suit is instituted. But the treaty is, by an article which has been added to it, limited to eight years, which have long since expired. Hbw does this circtmstance affect the case ?
The treaty. was framed with a view to its being perpetual. Consequently, its language is adapted tothe tate of things contemplated by the parties, and no provision could be made for the event of its expiring within a certain number of years. The court must decide on the effect of this added article in ,the -case which has ocurred. It will be aduiitted, that a right once vested does not require, for its preservation, the continued existence of the power by which it was acquired. Ifa treaty, or any other law, has performed its office by giving a right, the expiration of the treiaty or law cannot extinguish that iight. Let us, theninquire, whether this temporary treaty gave rights which existed only for eight years, or'gave rights during eight years whicl4 survived it.
The terms of this instrument leave no doubt on this subject. Its whole effect is immediate. The instant

277
1817.
Clam
v.
birac.

278

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

isi8: The Geoo.

the descent is cast, the right of the party becomes as complete as it can afterwards be made. The French subject who acquired lands by descent the day before its expiration, has precisely the same rights under it as he who acquired them the day after its formation. He is seised of the same estate, and has precisely the same power during life 'to dis2 pose of it.. This limitation of the compact between the two nations, would act upon, and change all its stipulations, if it 'could affect this case. But the court is of opinion, that the treaty hld its full effect the instant a right was acquired under it; that it had nothing further to perform; and that its expiration or continuance afterwards was unimportant.

Judgment affirmed.

(Pazr.)
The GEoroGE.
A question of collusive capture. The capture pronounced to be colltL siVe, and the property condemned to the United States.
THIs is the same cause which is reported in the first volume of these Reports, p. 408, and which was ordered to farther proof upon the points there stated.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
dewanded by the said complainant. 3dly. That the tomplainant, after giving credit for the sum that shall.
be thus paid him by the said defendant, and all other sums received by the said Margaret in her life, or the
complainant since her death, from,.or 6n account of, the estate of the said Andrew, as well as the value of gny part of the personal residue of the said Andrew's estate, which may have come to their, or either of their hands, according to the date of such receipts, shall have the aid of the said circuit court to compel these defendants to raise by sale (if sufficient for that purpose) of their respective shares of the reaf estate of the said Andrew, descended to them, Ave-sixths of the balance that shall be computed to be du6 on the said bond, calculated as above d.irectea. And, lastly, that the cause be remanded to the circuit court for further proceedings.

45 I81?.
V. Crdf .

Decree accordingly.

(COMMO!? LAW.)
DuvArL v. CRAG et. al.
Variances between the writ and declaration are matiers pleadable ic
abatement only, and cannot be taken alvantago of upon generIjldemurrer to the declaration. A trustee is, in general cuable only in cqity; but if he chooses to bind'himself by a personal covenant he is liable at law fora breach tbereofy although he describe himself as cdvenantin6- as trustee.

1917. o
Duvall Ci.
Crag.

CASES IN THE SUPREM1E COURT
Where the parties to a deed covenanted neverally against their own acts and incumbrances, awl also to warrant and defend against their own acts, and those of all other persons, with an indemnity in landa of an equivalent value in case of eviction; it was held that these covenants were independent, and that it was unnccessary to allege
in the declaraion any eviction, or any demand or refusal to indetnnify with other lands, but that it was sufficient to allege a prior incumbrance by the acts of the grantors, &c., and that the action might be maintained on the first covenant in order to recover pecuniary damages. Where the grantors covenant generally against incumbrances mado by them, it may be construed as extending to several, as well as joint incumbrances. No profert of a deed is necessary ivhero it iq stated only as inducement, and where the plaintiff is neither a party nor privy to it. An averment of an eviction under an elder title is not always nicccsary to sustain an action on a covenant against incumbrances; if the grantee be unable to obtain possession in consequence of an existing possession or seisin by a person claiming and holding under an elder title, it is equivalent to an eviction, and a breach of tho covenant.

ERROR to the circuit court for the district of Ken-
tucky. The capias ad respondendum issued in this case
was as follows: "The United States of America to the marshal of the Kentucky district, Greeting. You are hereby commanded to take lohn Craig, RobertJohnson, and Elijah Craig, if they be found within your bailiwick, and them safely keep so that you have their bodies before the judge of out district court, at the capitol in Frankfbrt, on the first Monday in March next, to answer William Duvall, a citizen of the state of Virginia, of an action of covenant; damages fifty thousand dollars; and have'then and .there this writ. In testimony whereof, Harry Innes, Esq. judge of our said court, hath caused the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
seal thereof to be hereunto affixed this 2d day (f January, 1804, and of our independence the 28th. -Thomas Turnstall, C. D. C."
Whereupon the plaintiff declared against John Craig, Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, in covenant, for that whereas, on the 28th day of February, 1795, &c. the said John, and the said Robert and Elijah, as trustees to the said John, by their certain indenture of bargain and sale, &c., did grant, bargain, sell, alien, and confirm unto the said plaintiff, by the name of William Duvall, of the city of Richmond and state of Virginia, his heirs and assigns for ever, a certain tract of land lying and being in the state of Kentucky, &c., together with the improvements, water courses, profits, and appurtenances whatsoever, belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and the reversion and remainder, and remainders and profits, thereof; and all the estate, right,'title, property, and demand of them, the said John Craig, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, of, in, and to the same, to have and to hold the lands thereby conveyed with all and singular the premises, and every part and parcel thereof to the said William Duvall, his heirs and assigns for ever, to the only proper use and behoof of him, the said William, his heirs and assigns for ever; and the said John Craig, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees to the said John Craig, for themselves, their heirs, executors, and administrators, did covenant, promise, anc' agree, to and with the said William Duyall, his heirs and assigns, that the premises belbre mentioned,

1817.
Duval V.
Craig.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

leiT.
Duvall
V. Craig'

then were, and for ever after should be, free of and Sfrom all former and other gifts, bargains, sales, dower, right and title o'f dower, judgments, execub tions, titles, troubles, charges, and incumbrances whatsoever done, or suffered to- be done by them, the said John Craig, and Sarah his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, as by the said indenture will more at large appear. And the said William, in fact, spith, that the premises before mentioned were not, then and there, free of and from all former gifts, grants, bargains, sales, titles, troubles, charges, and incumbrances whatsoever done and suffered to be done by the said John Craig, and Sarah his wife, and Robert Johnson and Elijah Craig, trustees to the said John Craig. Bat, on the contrary, the said John Craig and Robert Johnson, theretofore, to wit, on the 1 th day of May, 1785, assigned the place and certificate of survey of said land to a certain John Hawkins Craig, by virtue of which said assignment, Patrick Henry, governor of the commonwealth of Virginia, granted the said land to said John Hawkins Craig, ,and his heirs for ever? by letters patent, dated the 16th.day of September, 1785, and now here shown to the court, the date whereof is the day and year aforesaid, which said patent to the.said John: Haiv. kins. Craig, on the day and year first aforesaid, at the district aforesaid, was in full force and virtue, contrary to the covenant aforesaid, by reason of which said assignment, patent, and incumbrance, the said William hath been prevented from having and
enjoying all or any part of the premises above men.-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tioned. And thereupon the said William further

saith, that the defendants aforesaid, although often

requested, have not kept and performed their covenant aforesaid, &c. To which declaration there .wasa general demurrer, and joinder in demurrer,

and 'a judgment thereupon in the circuit court for

the defendants.

The indenture referred to in the plaintiff's de-

elaration is in the following words: "This in-

denture, made this 28th day of February, 1795,

between John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert- Johnson and Elijah Craig, trustees for the

said' John Craig, all -of the state of Kentucky, of

the one part, and William Duvall of the oisy of Rich-

mond, and state ,ofVirginia, of the other part, wit-

iesseth, that the said John Craig, for and in consideration of the sum of two thousand pounds, current

money of Kentucky, to him, the said John Craig, in hand paid, the receipt whereof they do hereby ac-

knowledge and for ever acquit and discharge the said William Duvall, his heirs,-executors, and admin-

istrators, have granted, bargained and sold, aliened

and confirmed, and by these presents do grant, bar-

gain and sell, alien and confirm, unto the said Wil-

liam Duvall, his heirs and assigns for ever, a certain

tract of land lying and being in the state of Kentucky, arid now county of Scott, formerly Fayette, on the

waters of the Ohio river, below the Big Bone lick creek, it being the same lands that the said John Craig covenanted by a writing obligatory, bealed with his seal, and dated the second day of December, 1788, to convey to Samuel M'Craw, of the city of Rich-

VOL. .

G

1817.
Duvail . v.
Craig.

50
1R17.
Duva~ll V.
Craig.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
mond, and which said writing the said Samuel M'Craw, on the back thereof, endorsed and transfer. red the same on the 2.7th day of February, 1789, to William Reynolds, and .which is bounded as follows:
beginning at a poplai and small ash corner, to William Bledsoe, about thirty miles nearly a south course from the mouth of Licking; thence S. 15, E. 520 poles with the said Bledsoe's line, crossing four branches to an ash and beech ; thence S. 75, W. 1.50 poles, to a hickory and beech; thence S. 15, E. 400 poles, crossing a branch to a.sugar tree and beech, near a branch; thence S.75. W. 87 poles, to three beeches, corner to Robert Sanders; thence with his line S. 15 E. 600 poles, crossing two branches to a poplar and sugar tree; thence S.60 poles to a sugar tree and beech; thence w6st 217.1 poles, crossing five branches to a large black walnut; thence north 1580 poles, crossing a large creek and four branches to a sugar tree and ash ; thence E. 2006 poles, crossing live branches to the beginning; containing twenty thousand -four hundred and forty acres, together with the improvements, water-courses, profits anid appurtenances whatsoever to the same belonging, or in anywise appertaining, and the reversion and reverpions, remainder and remainders, and profits thereof, and all the estate, right, title, property, and demand, of them, the said John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, Q, in, and to the same, to have and to hold the land hereby conveyed, with all and sirjgular the premises and every part and parcel -thereof. to the said William Dpvall, his heirs apf]

OF THE UNITED STATES.
assigns for ever, to the only proper use and behoof 1817. of him, the said William Duvall, his heirs and assigns0 %DuraH for ever. And the said John Craig, and Sarah, his V. wife, and Robert Johnson and Elijah Craig, trustees Craig. to the said John Craig, for themselves, their heirs, executors, and administrators, do covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said William Duvall, his heirs and assigns, by these presents, that the premises before mentioned now are, and for ever after shall be, free of and from all former and other gifts, grants, bargains, sales, dower, right, and titles of dower, judgments, executions, title, troubles, charges, and incumbrances whatsoever done, or suffered to be done, by the said John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert Johnson and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig. And the said John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Cfaig, and their heirs, all and singular the premises hereby bargained and sold, with the appurtenances, unto the said William Duvall, his heirs and assigns, against him the said John Craig, and Sarnh, his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, and .their heirs, and all and every persons whatsoever, do and will warrant and for ever defend with this warranty, and no other, to wit, that if the said land, or any part thereof, shall at any time be taken by a prior legal claim, or claims, that then and in such case they, the said. John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, and their Iheirs. shall make .eood to the said William Duvall

OASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1817. and his heirs, such part or parts so lost, by supplying Sto hia the said William Duvall's use, other lands in
Duvall V. fee of equal quantity and quality, to be djudged of
Craig. by two or more honest, judicious, impartial men, mu-
tually chosen by the parties for ascertaining the same. In witness whereof the said John Craig, and Sarah, his wife, and Robert Johnson, and Elijah Craig, trustees for the said John Craig, have hereunto set their hands and seals, the date first in this indenture written.

JOHN CRAIG. (L..S.) SARAH CRAIG. (L S.) ROBERT JOHNSON,
Trustee for John Craig. (L. s.)
ELIJAH CRAIG.
Trustee for John Craig. (Y s.)

,Signed, sealed, and deliver-
. ed in presence of 5
Charles W. Byrd. T. S. Threshly. Thomas Corneal. Christopher Greenup. Robert Saunders. James Taylor. Jos. Wiggleworth. George Christy."

Feb. 8th.

Mr. B. Hardin, for the plaintifi, made the following points: 1. That the variance between the writ and declaration, as to the description of the parties,

OF"THR UN ITED STATES.
was immaterial. Naming two of the defendants as trustees, is only descraptio persona, and could not alter the nature of the covenant. 2. Judgment was rightly rendered against the defendants in, their individual capacity. 3. It was unnecessary to aver a demand" and refusal of other lands of equivalent value as an indemnity, this covenant not being sued upon; and the action might be maintained upon the first covenant against incumbrances by the parties to the deed. 4. That the breach alleged in the declaration was sufficient. 5. That it was unnecessary to make profert of the assignment described in the breach.

51 1817.
v. Crmg.

Mr. Talbot, contra. 1. The variance between the writ and declaration is a substantial variance, and is therefore available on general demurrer. The parties, Robert Johnson, and Elijah'Craig, are not sued in' their iiduciary character; but they are declared against as trustees to the saidJohn, who is the cestui que irust,and could not be joined in an action at av with the trustees. They covenanted as trustees, and a court of equity is the proper forum in which they ought to be sued. 2. Having covenanted as trustees, no individual judgment could be rehdered against them. 3. Supposing the trustees to be liable in their individual capacity, the.two covenants in the deed are to be construed in connexion; the clause as to an indemnity viith other lands of an equivalent value, ought to'be applied to both; and the declaration is fatally defective iniot alleging a demand and iefusai to indemnify with other lands. 4. The cove-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1817. nant, on which the breach'is assigned, is against the Duvall joint and not the several incumbrances of the parties
v. to the deed. The incumbrance alleged is the act of oraig. two of the parties only. 5. There is no profert of
the assignment to John Hawkins Craig, by 'which the incumbrance was created; nor is it shown to have been made for a valuable consideration. 6. There is no averment of an eviction of the plaintiff under the assignment, which was absolutely necesosary to sustain the action on the covenant against incumbrances.
Mr. A. B. Hardin,in reply. 1. The variance between the writ and declaration could only be taken advantage of by a plea in abatement. 2. As between a trustee and the cestui que trzst a court of chancery is the only jurisdiction; but trustees may bind themselves individually so as to be amenable at law. The present case is not that of a covenant binding the trustees, only as to the trust fund in their hands; but they covenant for themselves, their heirs, executors, &c. The mere description as trustees, therefore; bcomes immaterial. 3. The covenants are independent, and the action may be maintainc to recover pecuniary damages, without alleging an eviction and demand of other lands of equivalent value. 4. Where there is any doubt, a covenadt is to be construed most strongly against the covenanters; and in a case of this nature, the law considers an act done by one or more of the covenanters as a breach of the covenant. 5. No profiert of the assignmont was necessary, because the action was not founded

OF THE UNITED STATF.
upon it, nor was the plaintiff a party or privy to it; and the omission ofprofert was ground of special demurrer only.

1817. DuvaiU
Cr,ag..

Mr. Justice SToRY delivered the opinion of the march lt.
court. Several points have been argued in this case,
upon which the opinion of the -court will be now pronounced. In the first place, it is statd, that a material variance eyists between the writ and declaration, of which (being shown upon oyer) the court, upon a general demurrer to the declaration, are bound to take notice; and if so, it is fatal to the action. The-supposed variance consists in this, that in the writ all the defendants are sued by their christian and surnames only; whereas, in the declaration, the deed on which the action is founded is averred to be made by the defendant, John Craig, and by the other defendants, Robert Johnson and Elijah Craig, "as trustees to the said John," and the covenant on which the breach is assigned, is averred to be made by the said John Craig, and Robert Johnson and Elijah Craig, "6trustees to the said John." The argument is, that the writ is founded upon a per. sonil covenant, and the declaration upon a covenant in auter droit,upon which no action lies at law; or if any lies, the writ must conform in its language to the truth of the case. It is perfectly clear, however, that the exception, even if a good one, cannot
be taken advantage of upon general demurrer to the declaration, for such a demurrer is in bar to the action; whereas variances between the writ and declaration are matters pleadable in abatement only.

CASES IN THE SUPR13ME COURT
i181. But there isnothing in the exception itself. A !)avail ~ trustee, merly as such,.is, in general, only suable
v.. in equity. But if he chooses to bind himself by a Crig. personal covenant, he is liable at law for a breach
thereof in the same manner as any other person, although he describe himself as coven'anting ao trustee; for, in such case, the covenant binds bim personally, and the addition of the word&, "as trustee" is but matter of description to show the character in which he acts tor his own protection, and iti'no degree affects the rights or remedies of the other party. The authorities are very elaborate on this subject. An -agent or executor who covenants in his own name, and yet describes himself as agent or ep .cutor, is personally liable, for the obvious reason that the one has no principal to 'bind, and the -other substitutes himself for his principal.a

a Whore a person acts asagent for another, if he executes a deed far his principal, and does not mean to bind himself personally, he should take care to execute the deed in the name of his principal, and state the name of his priheipal only, in the body of the deed. White v. Cuyler, 6 Term R-7 176. Wilkes v. Back, 2 East, 142. The usual and appropI'iate manner is to sign the deed "A..B. by C D., his attorney." 1f, instead of pursuing this course, the agent names himself in the deed, and covenants in his own vame, he will be personally liable Qa the covth Ials, notwithstanding

he describes himself as agent. There are numerous cases to be found in the books illustrative of this doctrine decided in the text. Thus in Appleton v. Birks, (5 Ecst, 148.) where the defendaut entered into 'n agreement, under seal, with the plaintiff, by the name of T. B. of, &o., "for, and on the part and bebalf of the right ho. nourable Lord Viscount Rokeby," and covenanted for himself, hin heirs, executors, 4o., "on the part aid behalf of the said Lord Rokeby," and executed the agree. ment in his own nameit was hold, that he was personally' liailo on the covenant. Su whore a com-

OF THE TJNITELI STATES.
The reasoning upon this point dispoces, also, of 1817. the second made at the argument, viz., that the covenant being made by Robert Johnson and Elijah V. Craij Craig, as trustees, no individual judgment can be rendered against them. It is plain that the judgment is right, and,. indeed, there could have been no other judgment rendered, for at law a judgment against a trustee in such special capacity is utterly unknown.
Having answered these minor objections, we may now advance to the real controversies between thi

mittee for a Turnpike corporation contracted under their own hands and seals, describing themselves as a committee, they were held personally responsible. Tibbetts v. Walker, 4 .Mass. R-ep. 59i. So where a person signed a promissory note in his own name, describinghimself as guardian, he was held bound to the payment of the note in his personal capacity. Thatcher v. Dinsmore, 5 .Mass. Rep. 299. Foster v. Fuller, 6 .ass. Rep. 53. Chitly &n Bills, (Story's Ed.,) 40., and note ibid. So where administrators of an estate, by proper authority from a court, sold the lands of, their in-o testate, and covenanted in the deed "in their capacity as admninistrators," that they were seized of the 'premises, and had good title to convey the same; that the same were free of all incumbrances, and that they would warrapt and defend the same against' the lawful claims -of all persons; it

was held, that they were perso'ally responsible. Sumner v. Williams, 3 .1ass. Rep. 162. Thayer v. Wendall, 1 Gailis, 37 In respect to public agents a dis tinction has been long asserted, and is now generally established; and, therefore, if an agent of the government contract for their benefit, and on their behalf, and describe himself as such in the eoatract, he is held not'o be persoially responsible, although thae terms of thexodrtmct might, in cases of a mere private nature, involve him in a personal rerponsi. 'bility. Macbeath v. Haldimand. 1 Terb Rep. 172. Unwin v. Wolseley, 1 Term Rep. 674. Myrtle v. Beaver, i Ea . 13.. Rice v. Shute, 1 East, 579. Hodgdonv. Dexter, I Crandi,363. Jones v. Le Tombe, 3 Dail. 384% Browp v. Austin, I .Mfass. Rep, 208. :Freeman v. Otis, 9 .Xau. Rep. 272. Sheffield v. Watsonj 3 Caince, 6%

VOL. it.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1817. parties. it is contended, that the two covenants in Sthe deed are so knit together, that they are to be
Duvall
V. construed in connexion, so that the clause as to an Craig. indemnity with other lands, in case of an eviction by
a prior legal claim, is to be applied as a restriction to both covenants; -and if so, then the action cannot be sustained, for the declaration does not allege any eviction, or any' demand or, refusal to indemnifyf with other lands. There is certainly considerable weight in the argument. I. is not unreasonable to suppose that then the parties had provided a specific indemnity for a prior claim, they might mean to apply the same indemnity to all the other cases enumerated in the first covenant. But something more than the mere reasonableness of such a suppo. sition must exist to authorize a court to adoptisuch a construction. The covenants stand distinct in the deed,. and there is no incongruity or repugnancy in considering them as independent of each other. The first covenant being only against the acts and incumblrances under the parties to the deed, which, they could not but know, they might be willing to become responsible to secure its perforinance by a pecuniary indemnity; the second including a warranty against the 'rior claims of strangers also, of which the parties might be ignorant, they might well stipulate for an indemnity only in lands of an equivalent value. The case ought to be a very strong one, which should authorize a court to create, by implication, a restriction which the order of the language does not necessarily import or justify. It ought to be one in which no judicial doubt could

OF THE UNITED STATES.

existof the real intention of the parties to create 1817.

such a restriction. It cannot be pronounced tha"tDuv'al

such is the present case; and this objection to the v.

declaration cannot, therefore, be sustained..

qr13.

The remaining objections turn upon the sufficiency

of the breach aleged in the declaration. It is con-

tended, that the covenant on which the 'breach is

assigned is against the joint, and not the several

acts and incumbrances of the parties to the deed,

and that, therefore, the breach, which states an as-

signment by John Craig and Robert Johnson only,

is wholly insufficient. It is certainly true that, in

terms, the covenant is against the acts and incum-

brances Qf all the parties, and the words "every of

them" are not found in the deed. Some of the in-

cumbrances, however, within the contemplation of

the parties are not of a nature to be jointly created;

as, for instance, the incumbrance of dower and title

of dower. This very strongly shows that it was

the intention of the parties to embrace in the cove-

nant several, as well as joint acts and incumbrances.

There is also a reference in the premises of the

deed to a covenant for a conveyance previously

made by John Craig to Samuel M'ICraw, against

which it must have-intended to secure the grantees;

and if so, it fortifies the -construction already stated.

If, therefore, the point were of a new impression, it

would be difficult to sustain the -reasoning, which

-would limit the covenant to the joint acts of all the

grantors; and there is no authority to support it.

On the contrary, Meriton's case, though stated-with

some difference by the several reporters, seems to

CASES IN T'E SUPREMY COURT
us completely to sustain the position that a covenant of this nature ought to be construed as including CrVa,g.. several, as well as joint incumbrances; and has certainly been so understood by very leirped abridgero.. .Meriton's Case, JV'oy; 86. S. C. Popha.;, 00. S. C. Latch. 161. Bac. Mbr. CMienant, 77. Com. Dig. Condition,(E.) This objection, therefore, id overruled.b

b It may not, perhaps, be use- I/em' shall not bo taken joint-

less to the learned reader to statd ly; but if either of them disturb

the substance of Meriton's'case the lessee, it is a breach of the

a giien in the *arions reporters. condition." - The case, therefore,

19 .N'oy's Reports. 86., the case is as stated in both of these repot,

thus succinctly given; "A. and is substantially the same. But in

B. lease to M. for years, and cove- .Poplapap's Re.9orts, Q00., it is re-

neat that he may claim without ported somewhat difibrently. It

disturbaooe, interruption, or in, is there stated to he an action of

cumbranco' ) tlzep, and an obli- ov enant, upn 0 covenant in an

gation wNs made-for performance, indenture between the pla(otiffi

&o. A. makes anothe? lease to and their lessors, whereby the

C. who enters, and M. brought lessor covenant to dischargo them

debt, &e.;(op the obligation,) and of all incumbrances done by them.

by the -court,it is well, for the or any otherperson, and the pLu-.

covenant is broken, and 'in?

tiffs assign for breach that one 1P

skall not be -taken jqinty only, th lesois had made n lease. It

bptseverqllyalso. In Latch, 461., was moved in arrest of judgment#

the casp stands as fa.,ows'i "Debt that the breach was not woll-laid,

upon an obligation. Two makea "because it is only laid to be done

lease for years by indenture, and by one of themfi, and the covenant

yovenant, that the lesseeshoul4 is to discharge~tsem qfinoumbran..

x.iot be disturhed, nor any ipcum- ces 'done by (hem, which shall

brance made by theP ; one of I" be intended joint Incumbrances,

I sors made a lease to a stranger, DoDDaaiDGt, J. The covenant

whQ disturbed, &c, The cendi- goes As well to ipcumbrancca

n swto perform covenants. done severally ks jointly, for

And it was agreed by DoDDs- it is of all ineumbrances dono.

l0nez, Jozi, and WHITLE, to by them or.any ethrji"ersaon; and
brceach .otbrqodiiou for
t. so was the oPIRto qf aA QIeoQtbvv

OF THE UNITED STATE8.
Another exception is, that there is no profert of the assignment described in the. breach, nor is it shown to have' been made for a valuable consideration. Various answers have been given at the bar to this exception; and without deciding on others, it is a sufficient, answer that the plaintiff is neither a par. ty nor privy to the assignmen't, nor conusant of the consideration upon which it was made, and therefore is not bound to make a profert of it, or show the consideration upon which it was made.
'The last exception is, that the breach does not set forth any entry or eviction of the plaintiff under the assignment and patent to John Hawkins Craig. Assuming that an averment of an entry and eviction un, der an elder title be in general necessary to sustain an. action on a covenant against incumbrances, (on which WVe give no opinion,) it is clear that it cannot be always necessary. If the grantee be unable to obtain liossession in consequence of an existing possession or seisin by a person claiming and holding under an -elder title, this would ceitainly be equivalent .to

Ipuivall
V.
Craig.

jutices ; and, therefore,. the ex.ception was overruled." From this last report, it would seem that the covenant was against incumbrances, not only of the lessors, but of other persons, and it might, at first view, .be thought that some stress was laid by the court upon the last words. But upon acareful consideration, even supposing (what may' welI be doubted) that Popham's is- the
=ore correct report, it would not

seem that the latter words, eOany other pdrson," could be properly held to embrace the lessees, or either of them; for " other" is used as exclusive of them; and, therefore, the cause must have turned substantially upon the import of
the preceding words, ,of them," i. e. whether embrgciug several as well as joint iocumhrancenA Intthis view all the reports are consistent, and put the case upon the real pointin controversy.

1817.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

an eviction and a breach of the covenant. In the case at bar the breach is assigned in a very inartificial and lax manner; but it is expressly averred, that the assignment and patent to John Hawkins Caig

was a prior conveyance, which was still in full force and virtue, "by reason of which said assignment, patent, and incumbrance, the said William (the plain. tiff) bath been prevented from having and enjoying all or any part of thq premises above mentioned." We are all of opinion, that upon general demurrer, this must be taken as an averment, that the possession of the premises was legally withheld from the plaintiff by the parties in possession, under the prior
title thus set up.c Judgment reversed.

o The usual covenants in conveyances of real property by the grantor are, that he ig lawfully 4eised in fee of the premises; that he has good right and title to convey the same; that they are free of all incumbrances; that the grantor, his heirs, &c. will war. rant and defend the same to the grantee, his heirs, &c. against the lawful claims of all lersons. The manner of assigning breaches upon these covenants deserves the attention of all persons who aspire to a reasonable knowledge of the duties of special pleaders. In case of the covenants of seisin and of good right and title to convey, it is sufficient to allege the breach by negativing the words of the covenant. Bradshaw's case, 9 Co. 60 b. S. C. Cro.. Jac. 304. Lan-

cashire v. Glover, 2 Shower, 460. 2 Saund. 181, note a, by Mr. Sergeant Williams. Greenby v. Wilcocks, 2 Johns. R. 1. Sedgwick v. Hollenback. 7 Johns. R. 376. Marston v. Hobbs, 2 Xass. R. 433. Bender v. Fromberger, 4 Dall. 436. Pollard v. Dwight, 4 Cranch, 421. The *covenant for quiet enjoyment is not broken, unless some particular act is shown, by which the plaintiff is interrupted; and, therefore, it is necessary to set forth in the breach, assigned in the declaration, an actual eviction or disturbance of the possession of the grantee. FrancisO case, 8 Rep. 91.a. 6 Anon. Com. R. 228. 2 Saund, 181. note. Waldron V. M'Carty, 3 Johns. R. 471. Kortz v. Carpenter 5 Johns. R. 120.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

And where the eviction or disturbance is by a stranger, it is further necessary to allege that the eviction was by a lawful title. Holden v. Taylor, Hob. 12. Fosterv. Pierson, 4 T. R.617. Hodgson v. the E. L Company, 8T. A. 281. Greenby v. Wilcocks, 2 Johns.R. 1. Folliard v. Wallace, 2 Johns. R. 305. Kent v. Welsh, 7 Johns.R. 258. Vanderkaar v. Vanderkaar, 11 Johns.'R. 12-2. Marston v. Hobbs, 2 .Mass. .L 433. But it is not necessary to allege the eviction to be by legal $rbeess. 2 Saund. 181. note. Foster v. Pierson, 4 T. R. 617. 620. And where the covenant is that the grantee shall enjoy, without the ititerruption of the grantor himseyf, his heirs, or executors, it is held to be a sufficient breach to allege that he or his heirs or executors entered, without showing
it to be a lawful entry or setting forth his title to enter. Lloyd v. Tomkies, I T. R. 671. and cases eited2 Saund. 181. note. Sedgwick v. Holtenback, 7 Johns. R. 376. Thecovenant ofgeneral warranty is governed by thesame rules; for the granter, must assign as a breach an ouster or eviction by a paramount legal title. Greenby v.
Wilcocks, 2 Johns. R. 1. Folhard v. Wallace, 2 Johns. R.395. Kent v. Welsh, 7 Johns.R. 258. Sedgwickv.Hollenback, 7 Johns. R. 376. Vanderkaar v. Vander.: haar, 11-Johns. _ 122. Marston, - v.Hobbs, 2 Mass.R. 433. Emer-

son v.Proprietors ofMinot, 2,Mtass. R. 464. Bearce v. Jackson, 4 .Mass.R. 408. In respect to the' covenant against iuumbrances, it seemed admitted by Mr. Chief Justice PAESsoNs, in Marston v. Hobbs, 2 .Xass.R. 433. that there was no authority directly in point; but he held, that in principle it was analogous to a covenant for quiet enjoyment; and said, that in the entries, the incumbrance is specially alleged in the count. See, also, Bickford v. Page, 2 .Mass. R. 455. It does not, however, seem necessary to allege an ouster or eviction, on the breach of a covenant against incumbrances; but only to allege the special incumbrance as a good and subsisting one. 'Prescott v. Truemao, 4 .Mass. . 629. And a paramount title subsisting in a third person, is an incumbrance within the meaning of the covenant. Prescot v. Trueman, 4 .Mass. R. 627. So a public town way is, in legal contemplation, an incumbranco on the land over which it is laid. Kelldgg v. Inersoll, 2 .Atass. .R -87. See Ellis v. Welsh, 6 .71aar. R. 246.
There is some diversity of opinion as to the damages recoverable upon a breach of theses everal covenants. Upon the covenants of seisin, and of good right and title
to convey, it is held by the courts of New-York and Pennsylvania2 that the grantee is entitled to the purchase money and interest from

1817.
Duvall V.
Craig.

2817.
Duvall 'r.
Craig-.

CASES IN THE SUPREAM COUWUT

the time of the purcbase. Staats v.
Ten Eyck's executors, 3 Caine:,
111. Pitcher v. Livingston, 4 Johns R.']. Bender v. Fromberger, 4 Dall. 441. The same rule has been adopted in Massacbusett. Bickford .v. Page, 2 Mlass. . 455. Marston v. Hobbs,
2 .Jlass..R.433. Caswell v.Wendajl, 4 MJfass. R. 108. But if the grantee has actually enjoyed the Iand.i for a.long time, the purchase money.and interest for a term not exceeding six'years prior to the time of eviction is given; for the grantee, upon a recovery against him, is liable to account for the mesne profts for that period only. Staats v. Ten Eyck's executors, 3 Caines, R. 111. Caulkins v. Hams, 9 Johns. R. 324. Bennet
v. Jenkids, 13 Johns. R. 50. As to the covenant against incumbrances, it seems generally held, that the grantee is entitled to, nominal damages oily, unlesshe extinguish the incumbrance ; and if he extinguish it for a reasonable and fair price, he is entitled to recover that sum with interest froni the time of payment. Delavergne v. Norris, 7 Johns. Rep. 3,8, Hull v. Dean, 13 Johns.Rep. 105. Prescott v. Pl'eefian, 4 .Mass. Rep. 627. And the costs, if any, to which he has been put by an action against him on account of the incumbrance. Waldo v.
Long, 7 Johns. Rep. 173. In respect to the covenant for quiet enjoyment and of general war-

ratnty, the rule ordamage alop.-" ed. in New-York and Pennsylva, nia is to give te purchase mon'ey with interest and the costs of the prior suit; but no allowance is
made for the value of any improvements. Staats v. Ten Eyalt'n executors, 3 Caines, 111. Pitcherr. Livingston, 4 Johns. Rep. 1. SPE-cEn, 5. dissenting. Bonnetv. Jenkins, 13 .- ohns. Rep. 50. Bonder v. Fromberger 4 Dall. 441. The same rule has been adopted in Tennessee. 5 Hail's.lmcricari Law Journ. 330. But, in relation to covenants of warranty, tho courts of Massachusetts have adopted a different rule, and allowed the damages,, or, in other words, thd value of the property at the time of eviction. Core v. Brazier, 3 Atiast Rep. 523. And .thesame rule appears to be adopt.ed'in South Carolina. Libor cl ux. v. Parsons, 1 Bay,' 19. Guerard's executors v. Rivers, I Bay, 265. &nd in Virginia. Mills v. Bell, 3 gall,312r humphrey's admnintstratorav. MIClortachafi's administrators, 1 JI'Xun, 493. And in Connecticut. Hors. ford v. Wright, Kirby, 3. Where there is a failure of title, as to part only of the land granted, it has been held that the granted cannot recover back the whole consideration money. If the title has failed as to an individtd part .ofan entire tract, the grantee is entitled to a like proportion of the consideration; but if it be of a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

apeciffc proportion of the tract, the a nages are to. be apportioned according t6 the measure ot value between the land lost and the land preserved that is, the portion of the consideration money to be recovered is to be in the same ratio to the entire consideration that the value of the part, as to which the title has failed, is to the value of the whole tract. Morris v. Phelps 5 Johns. Re9p. 49.
In respect to these covenants running with the land, it has been held in New-York and Massachusetts, that if the grantor be not seised. at the time of conveyance, the covenant of seisin is immediately broken, and no action can be brought by the assignee of the grantee against the grantor; for after the covenant is broken, it is a chose in action, and incapable of assignment. Greenby v. Wilcocks, 2 Johns.Rep. 1. Bickford v. Page, 2 .Ma. Rep. 455. But in a recent case in England, a different doctrine was held; and it was adjudged that such a covenant runs with the land, And thorgh brokeii in the time ofa tes. tator, is a continuingbroach in the time of his devisee, and it is suffieient to allege for damage, that thereby the lands are of less value to he devisee, and thathe is prevented from selling them so advantageously. Kiugdou v. Noble,

4JMzfzs 4- Selv. S3. And see Kiogdonv. Noble, 1 .aule 4r Sdw. 355. Chamberlain v. Williamson, 2 JMoaule 4- Sdlw. 408. King v. Jones, 5 Taunf. 418. S. C. 1 .lrarshd/,a Rep. 107. By the Roman law, and the codes which have been derived from it, in casd the vendecis evicted he has a right to demand of th vendor, 1st. The restitution of the price. 2d. That of the fruits, or mesno profits, in case the vendee has been obliged to account for them to the owner. 3d. The costs and expenses incurred both in the suit on the warranty and the prior suit of the owner, by wsom the vendee has-been evictea. "4th.]Damages and inierest with the qxpause3 legally incurred. Pothier, De Vents, .??os. 118. 123. 12-8. 130. Code .Napoler,Lie. s. lit.6. art. 1630. De [a Fente. The vendee has likewise a right to recover from the vendor, not only the value of all improvements made by the former, but also the increased value, if any, which the property may have acquired independently or the acts of the purchaser. 1 DonsaL 77. eec. 15. 16. Pohdier, De la Vene. .N'os. 132, 133. Code Apoleon, Li6. 3. til. 6. art. 1633, 1634, De l
'ente. Diesf of tke Ciri;La-3 of Lotifana, ,5,5.

1817.
Duvall V.
Croig.

"Vo . II

18 TV.
Hunter*
V.
Bryant.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.
(CeANCRY.)
HUNTER et a]. v. BRYANT.

H., in contemplation of marriage with B., gave a bond for 5,000 dollars, and interest to trustees, to secure to B. a suppurt, duainU the marriage, and after the death of H., in case &heshould survive
him, and to their child or children, in case he should survive herj with condition that if H. should, within the time of his life, or withiq one year after the marriage, (whichsoever of the said terms should first expire,) convey to the trustee some good estate, real or personal, sufficientto secure the annual payment of 300 dollars for the separate use of his wife during the marriage, and also sufficient to secure the payment of the said 5,000 dollars to her use in caso sho should survive her husband, to be paid within six months after his
death; and in case of her death before her husband, to be paid to their child or children; or, if H. shoula die before B., and by his will should, within a year from its date. make such devises and bequests as should be adequate to these provisions, then the bond to be
void. H. died, leaving his widow B. and a son, hm uig, by his last will, devised a tract of 1,000 acres of land in the Mississippi territox , to his son in fee; a tract of 10,000 acres in Kentucky, equally between his wife and son, with a devise over to her in fee of the spn's moiety, if he died before he attained "the lawful ago to will it away." And the residue of his estate, real and personal, to bo
divided equally between his wife and son with the same contingent
dpvise over to her as with regard to the tract of 10,000 acres of land. The value of the property thus devised to her, beside the contingent interest, might have been estimated, at the time of H.'s death, at 5,000 do'lars. B. subsequently died, having made a nuncupativo will, by which she devised all her estate, "whether vested in her by the will of her deceased husband or otherwise," to be divided be-
tween her son and the plaintiff below, (hryant,) with a contingent devise of the whole to the survivor. The son afterwards died, and the plaintiff brought this bill to charge the lands of H. with the pay-, ment of the bond for 5,000 dollars, .and interest, to which the plaintiff derived his right under the nuocupative will of B. By the.laws of Kentucky this will did not pass the real estate of the testator, bat was sufficient to pass her personal estate, including the bond.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ffeld, that the provision made in the will of H. for his wife must be taken in satisfaction of the bond, but subject to her liberty to elect between the provision under the will and the bond, and that this privilege ws extended to her devisee, the plaintiff.
Actual maintenance is equivalent to the payment of a sum secured for separate7 maintenance, and, therefore, interest upon the bond during the husband's lifetime was not allowed.
Uinder all the Circumstances of the case, it was determined that the bond was chargeable on the residue of the estate, and of this the personality first in order.

1817.
Hunter V.
Dryant

APPEAL from the circuit court for the District of Pennsylvania. This cause was argued by Mr. Key and Mr. Hopkinson, for the appellants and defendants, and by Mr. Jones, for the plaintiffs and respondents.

Mr. Justice JoHsoN, delivered the opinion of the

court.

This is an appeal from a decreei in equity, in

the district of Pennsylvania, on a bill filed by Tho-

mas Y. Bryant, against the legal representatives of

John Hare.

The object of the bill is to charge the lands of

Andrew Hare, now deceased, through John Hare, to

the appellants, defendants in the court below, with

the payment of a bond for 5000 dollars, and inte-

rest, given by Andrew Hare, in contemplation of

marriage with Margaret Bryant, the mother of John

Hare.

The land lies partly in the state of Kentucky, and

partly hi the Mississippi territory, and five of the

defendants live in the state of Pennsylvania, the

sixth in the state of Virginia. The bill was origin-

'OL. IT.

.

-rch 121,h

CASE9 IN THE SUPREME COURT

1817.
Huutel'
v.
Bryant.

ally filed against all six of the legal representativey of John Hare; but the name,of Mary Dickinson, the resident in Virginia, being stricken out by leave of court, five only were made defendants below.

The bond is executed to. George Hunter and William Hunter, two of these appellants. The penalty is in the usual form, and bears date the 10th of November, 1789.. The condition is in these words: "Whereas, by the permission of God, a marriage is intended to be had and solemnized between the above bound Andrew Hare, and Iviargaret Bryant, of the city of Philadelphia, spinster, and the said Andrew Hare, in consideration of the said marriage, and to secure a decent and competent support to and for his said intended wife, as well during the marriage as after his death, in case she should
survive him, and to all and every the child or children which may be born of the said marriage, in ,ase he should survive her, hath agreed that the sum of 5,000 Mexican dollars, part of the estate whereof, by the blessing of God, he is nov possessed, and the interest and income thereof accrui'ng annually should be vested in trustees, for the sole and separate use of the said Margaret Bryant, his intended wife, or the children born of her body in the manner hereinafter mentioned. Now, the conditions of the abovb obligation is such, that if tht,
said Andrew Hare do, and shall, within the time of his life, or within the term of one year after tile marriage shall take effect, (whithsoever of th'i said terms shall first expire,) convey and assure to th, above-iiamed George and William Hunter, the next,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

friends of the said Margaret Bryant, and trustees by her for this special purpose chosen, or the survivor of them, or his heirs, executors, administrators or assigns, some good estate, real or personal, sufficient to secure the payment of 300 Mexican dollars, as aforesaid, to the trustees, or the survivor of them, on
every the 10th day of November, in every year after the date hereof, for the sole and separate use of the said Margaret, his intended wife, during the intend. ed marriage; which annual payment shall be at her own disposal, and shall be paid upon her own orders or receipts, independent and fred from the intermeddling charge or control of her said intended husband, and shall not be liable to any of his contracts, debts, or engagements whatsoever, and also sufficient to secure the payment of the sum of 5,000 dollars, as aforesaid, to and for the sole use of the said Margaret, in case she shall survive her aid in'tended husband, to be paid to the said trustees, or the survivor of them, for her use within six months next after the death of her said intended husband, and in case of her death before her said intended husband, to be paid to the said trustees, or the survivor of them, for th9 use of all and every of the child or children of the said Margaret, to be born in pursuance of the intended marriage, td be.equally divided amongst them, if more than one, but if but one, then the whole to the use oF the said one. Or, if the said Andrew Hare shall die before the said Margaret, and by his testament and last will shall, within the said year from the date hereof, give and bequeath to her such estates, legacies, bequests

1817. Hunter
v. Brynt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1817. and provisions, as shall be fully adequate to the proSvisions here intended to be made for her, and her
Hunter
V. hild or children; then, and in either of the said Bryant. cases, the above written obligation shall be void,
otherwise the same shall remain in full force and virtue at law, in this state of Pennsylvania, and in all other states or kingdoms whatever."
The marriage accoidingly took effect, and oxcept when the husband was necessarily absent, in prosecution of his business as a merchant, the parties lived constantly together in great harmony, and "in a style fully consonant with the husband's resources. In 1793 he established himself in Lexington, Kentucky, and was engaged.in mercantile transpactions until his death, which happened in 1799.
By his will Andrew Hare devised a tract of 1,000 acres of land lying in the Mississippi territory to his son John, in fee. A tract of 10,000 acres in the state of Kentucky equally between his wife and son, with a devise over to her in fee of the son's moiety if he died before he attained ': the lawfbl age to will it away." And the rest and residue of his estate, real and personal, he gives to be equally divided between his wife and son, with the same contingent devise over to her as is given Iwith regard to the Kentucky tract of 10,000 acres. The value of the property thus devised to her, independent of the contingent interest which has since fallen, might reasonably have been estimated at the time of the tes, tator's death at about five thousafid dollars.
In 1801, about eighteen months after the hushpd, the wjfe-died; after having made a nuncupa.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tive will, by which she devised all her estate, "whetheix vested in her by the will of Andrew Hare, her deceased husband, or otherwise," to be divided between her son John and the complainant below, Thomas Y. Bryant, with a contingent devise of the whole to the survivor.
John Hare died, aged about II years; and under this nuncupative will it is, that -Thomas Y. Bryant derives his right to this bdnd. According to the laws of Kentucky this will was not sufficiedkl tq pass
the landed estate of Margaret Hare, but it is good as to the personal estate, including the bond, which was the subject of this suit.
The defence set up in the answer below is, that the provision made in the will of the husband for his wife must be taken in satisfaction of this bond, inasmuch as he would otherwvise have left his child, who ought to have been, and evidently was, the primary object of his care, probably destitute of support. And this court unanimously acquiesce in the correctness of this reasoning. For, every bequest is but a bounty, and a bounty must be taken as it is given. Positive words are not indispensably necessary to attach a condition. It may arise from implication, and grow out of a combination of circumstances which' go to show, that without attaching such condition to a bequest, the primary views and prominent duties of the testator will be pretermitted. In this case, in addition to the striking impro. bability of the testator's intending to leave his child destitute, or even dependent, there are two circumstances which tend to show that the testator had no

i1n.
Hunter
v.
Brynt

1817.
.
Hunter
V.
ryant.

CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT
expectation that in addition to the provision for his widow, his estate was to be made liable for this heavy debt. First, the condition of the bond holds out the alternative of making provision by will, in
satisfaction of it. And, although we do not accede to the construction contended for, that this necessarily extended to his whole life, but think it was, in legal strictness, limited by the latter words of the condition to his death within one year, yet the words in. the ptior part of the condition "within the term of his life," were well calculated to excite in the mind of a man whose habits of thinking had not been corrected by technical exercise, an idea that he was legally, as well as conscientiously, complying with his obligatioii when executing this will. Secondly. The principal part of his bounty to his wife ponsists of the one half of the rest and residue of his estate, with a conitingent devise over to her of the other half on the decease of his son; thus disposing of the whole, and giving to her 'the one half of the natural and ordinary fund for the payment of this bond; a disposition of his effects that would have been idle under the supposition that this bond was to be exacted of his estate.
But, in the actual state of the rights and interests of these parti6s, at least in the view which this court takes of ihem, this question becomes a veiy immaterial one. For, the complainant, Bryant, acquires nothing of the estate of Andrew Hare, under the will of Mrs. Hare, but that part of the personality which she acquired under the residuary bequest of her husband. And this being unquestionably the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
fund first to be applied to the payment of debts, it 1s17. must. in his hands, be first subjected to the payment of this debt. It is only as connected with Mrs. Hare's V. acquiescence or election to take under the will that the question of satisfaction becomes material. In which case we should be bound to dismiss the bill altogether, on the ground of satisfaction. But here we are of opinion, that the evidence of election is not sufficient to bind Mrs. Hare. That h' was perfectly at liberty to reject the 'provision under the will of her husband, and rest alone on her bond, is unquestionable. And if this election was never deliberately made in her lifetime, there can be no reason fbr denying the extension of it to her representative, Bryant. He now makes that election in demanding the payment of this bp.d, and we conceive that nothing unequivocally' expressive of that election has before occurred, at least nothing that ought to preclude it. If the will had expressly given the
property devised to her in satisfaction of this bond, she would have been put on her guard, and more cautious conduct might have been required of her; but, although a court may raise the implication, she was not-bound to do it, and her mind was not ne. cessarily led to an election. It is true, that in her will she notices the property acquired under her husband's will; but this is perfectly consistent with the idea that she took, under her husband's will, something in addition to her interests under the bond independent of that will.. We are therefore of opinion, that the complainant is entitled to satisfaction of this bond; and as in the course of events, the interests of

CASES IN THE SUPREME 001RT

1817.
Hu' nter v.
Bryant.

the obligebs, who stood in the relation of trustee t6 Margaret Bryant, have become hostile to those of the cestui que trust, he must have the aid of this court to enforce it. The only questions, then, are#
how the bond shall be stated, and how the money shall be raised. And here the question occurs, on the allowance of interest during the husband's lifetime.
On this subject the majority of the Court is satis-
fied, that actual maintenance is equivalent to the payment of a sum secured for separate maintenance. It is true, the husband cannot claim his election; but, if the wife and her trustees never demand it, it is considered as an acquiescence, or waiver, on their part, and this court will not afterwards enforce payment. [2 P. Wins. 84. 3 P. Wins. 355. 2 Atkin. 84. 4 Bro. Ch. Cas. 326.] In the present case, there is nothing in the bond that holds out the idea of making this interest an accumulating fund; no demand of a settlement was ever made; the parties lived together in perfect har. mony, and the wife was maintained in a style fully adeq uate to the provision stipulated for. This bond- was intended as a provision against the husband's inability or unwillingness to maintain his wife; but whilst steadily pursuing.his avocation as a marchant, and faithfully discharging his duties as a husband, the reasonable conjecture is, that it was.thought really best for his family not to withdraw so large a sum from his small capital. If the trustees, or the wife had desired that the settlement should be made,

DF THE UNITED STATES.

in pursuance of the condition, they might have de-

manded it, and enforced a compliance at law or in qquity. We, therefore, think that interest on the bond is not to be computed during the husband's life.

The only remaining question is, how the money is to be raised, or on what :funds the bond' is to be charged. And here there can be no doubt that the

first fund to be exhausted is the residue of the estate ;

and of this, the personal residue first in order. This,

of course, sweeps all that part of Andrew Hare's estate that Bryant acquired under the will of Mrs.

Hare; and included in this we find Hustin's bond for 3,272 dollars 86 cents. The one half of this

bond was decreed in the court below to be an equitable offset against Hare's bond. All we know on the

subject of this offset is extracted from the confessions

of the complainant himseh'. From these it appears that the testator, Hare, held a bond ot Hustin's for

the delivery of a quantity of pork. This bond it

was purposed t6 exchange for one for the delivery of

a quantity of tobacco, and the testator, in his lifetime, despatched the complainant as his agent with

instructions to effectuate the exchange. To enablo

him to do so, he assigned the bond for the pork to

the complainant, instead of executing a common power of attorney. Whilst absent for this purpose, and

before he had completed the arrangement with Hustin, Hare died; and Bryant proceeded no farther,

until he had consulted Mrs. Hare and-Mr. Todd, as executrix and executor of the will of Hare, on the propriety of proceeding. "On conferring with Mrs..

Riare, and advising with Mr. Todd," to 4ise Bryant's

Vo.. II,

P

1817.
Hu~ter
v. Bryant.

181?.
Hunter
V.
ry~a.

CASIS'IN THE -UPREME cOURT
own equivocal language, he' effected a negotiatior, and having received the tobacco, took it down to 1New-Orleans, where, not meeting with a ready sale, he deposited it with one Moore, the factor and cor-

respondent of Hare, in his lifetime. He took Moore's receipt for the tobacco so depositdd, and all that yo are told of the transaction subsequently is, that at the insiance of Mr. Todd, he assigned that receipt to some house under the firm of John Jordan & Co., but who they were, or what finally became of the tobacco, the case does not show; and, for aught that appears to us, the proceeds of that adventure may at
this day lie in the hands of the factor, subject to the order of the executor of Andrew Hare.
The court below thoughtthese facts sufficient to charge Mrs. Hare with one half the amount of Hustin's bond. But this cou't are of opinion that the evidence is not sufficient for them to decide finally
on the subject. Although it be generafly true, that the. executor, who by taking an inferior secuirity or unreason.ably extending time of payment, brings a loss upon his testator's estate, shall himself be liable, yet there are many objections to applying that principle to this case. ' The executor, who takes charge of the affairs of a man in trade, must 'necessarily, on the winding up of his affairs, be allowed a reasonale latitude of discretion; and in general, where there is manifest fidelity, diligence, and ordinary judgment displayed, this court will always with some reluctance enforce the rigid rules
wbich Courts have been obliged, for the protection of estates, to impose upon the conduct of executors. In the principal case the language of Thomas Bry-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ant is by no means positive as to the consent of either 1817. the executor or executrix, to this transaction. He says that he did it "after conferring with Mrs. Hare, v. and advising with Mr. Todd." But it does not follow that either of them assented because they were consulted, pr that they did any thing more than express an opinion on the expediency of thie measure. Neither of them had then qualified, nor was it at all certain that they would qualify, and the only person then empowered to act on this subject was Bryant himself; who, by virtue of the assignment which he held, possessed a power which legally survived his principal. Under this assignment it was that the negotiation was effected, and not by virtue of any pow. er derived to him from the supposed assent of the executrix. Moreover. admitting the consent of the, executrix, it is still doubtful whether any change of security did in fact take place. For, Hustin still remained the debtor-the articles of agreement substituted for the original bond bear the.aspect of the purchase of a bond rather than the relinquishment of an advantage; the greater part, if not the whole balance, of the original debt was also payable in tobacco; and if the loss finally sustained proceeded, a- is probable, from the insolvency of the factor, and w,' t the reduced value of the commodity, this was b -r.o means a necessary consequence or the ehange. 'Jpon the whole, we are of opinion that the estate of Margaret Hare ought not in this mode, and uppn 'he evidence now before us, to be-charged with any part of Hustin's debt, For aught we know,. Biyant may himself be liable for the whole,

/4

CASES INT99 SUPREME COURT

1817.. by.ineans of his mismanagement in the agency, or it Hunter%Smay be in the power of the defendants to prove such
V. acts of the executrix as may amount to a devastavit.

n On these points we. do not mean to express an opinion or piejudice the rights of the appellants; 'Ie only mean to decide that the evidence'in this case is not sufficient to sustaii this discount.After having settled these principles, the decree.
below must be reversed, and the case remanded for such further proceedings ad are necessay to carry into effect the views of this court., But as only fivesixths of the land are represented in this court, we can decree for only five-sixths of the balance of the-bond. After applying to it the residuary personal estate; for the balance.the complainant will have to pursue his remedy against Mary Dickinson, unless the repro. sentatives shall have the prudence voluntarily to join in any sales of land that may br wade under this decree.

DEcBF . Whereupon it is ordered, adjudged,
and decreed, that the-decree of the circuit court of Pennsylvania district be reversed and annulled. And this court decrods, 1st. That the complainant, .Thomats Y. Bryant, is entitled to recover of the es, tate of Andrew Hare the suih of five thousand dollars, with interest theron, at six per centum per afinum trom the day of te death of the said Andrew. "2dly..That the defendant, George Hunter, do pay to the complainant in the court below the balance in his hands of money of the estate of the said Andrew,.
with intferet at the same rate trom the viy it wao

OF THE UNITED STATES.
dewanded by the said complainant. 3dly. That the tomplainant, after giving credit for the sum that shall.
be thus paid him by the said defendant, and all other sums received by the said Margaret in her life, or the
complainant since her death, from,.or 6n account of, the estate of the said Andrew, as well as the value of gny part of the personal residue of the said Andrew's estate, which may have come to their, or either of their hands, according to the date of such receipts, shall have the aid of the said circuit court to compel these defendants to raise by sale (if sufficient for that purpose) of their respective shares of the reaf estate of the said Andrew, descended to them, Ave-sixths of the balance that shall be computed to be du6 on the said bond, calculated as above d.irectea. And, lastly, that the cause be remanded to the circuit court for further proceedings.

45 I81?.
V. Crdf .

Decree accordingly.

(COMMO!? LAW.)
DuvArL v. CRAG et. al.
Variances between the writ and declaration are matiers pleadable ic
abatement only, and cannot be taken alvantago of upon generIjldemurrer to the declaration. A trustee is, in general cuable only in cqity; but if he chooses to bind'himself by a personal covenant he is liable at law fora breach tbereofy although he describe himself as cdvenantin6- as trustee.

