OF THE UNITED STATES.

54

(COMMON LAW.)

Murray BBaa.ker.'

MURRt--Y'S Lessee v. BAKER et at.

The terms " beyond seas," in the proviso or saving clause ofa statute of limitations, are equivalent to without the limits of the State where the statute is enacted ; and the party who is without thoso limits
is entitled to the benefit oi the exception.

,TH1s was an action of ejectment brought by the plaintiff in error in the circuit court for the district of Georgia; to recover the possession of certain lands lying in that state. At the tripL, a special verdict was
found, as follows: 9 We find that the lessors of the plaintiff have not
been in the state of Georgia since the defendants, or their ancestors, came. into possession of the premises sued for. We further find, that the ancestor of the defendants possessed the land from about the year 1791 until his death, which happened about"February last, and that the defendant, his -children, and legal repr& sentatives, hale been in possession thereof from that time. If the court are of opinion that the case of the plaintiffs is excepted from the operation of the act of limitations of this state, passed the 21st day of March, 1767, then 4e find for the plaintiffs, with ten cents damages; but-if the court are of a contrary opinion, then we find for the defendants."
The judges of the court below divided on a motion .that judgment should be entered up for the p]aintiffs

LCASES

IN THE SUIREME COURT

1618. M' urray
V.

on this verdict, and the question was thereupon certified to this court.
The statute of limitations, in question is as fol-

Baker.

lows:
,"Be it enacted, &c. that all writs of formedon in
descender, -emander, and reverter of any lands, &c. or any other writ, 'suit, or action, whatsoever, hereafter to be sued or brought, by Occasion or means of ,any title heretofore accrued, happened, or fallen, or which may hereafter descend, happen, or fall, shall be sued or taken within seven, years next after fhe passing of this act, or after the title and cause of action shall'or may descend or accrue to the same, and at no time after the said seven years. Ahd that no person or persons that now bath, or kave, any right or title of entry into any lands, &c. shall at any time hereafter make any entry but within seven years next after the passing of this act, or after his or their right or title shall or may descend or accrue to The same; and in default thereof, such person so not eiltdring, and his heirs, shall be 'utterly excluded and disabled from' such entry after to be made. Provided, nevertheless, that if any person or persons, that is or shall be entitled to such writ or writs, or that bath, or shall have such right or title of entry, be, or shall be, at the time of such right or title first descended, accrued, come, or fallen, within the age of twenty-one years, feme covert, non compos, mentis imprisonedr or beyond seas, that then such person or persons, and his and their heir, and heirs'v, shall or may, notwithstanding the said seven years are expired, bring his, bet) or their- actioi, or make his, her, or their -entry,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

04

as he, she or they might have done before this act; ib as such person, or persons, or his, her, or their heir and heirs,,shall, within three years next after his, her, or'their full age, dis'coverture, coming of soundmind, enlargement out of prison, or returning from beyond seas, take benefit of, and sue for the same, and. at no
time after the said three years#"

i8 . Murray
Baker;

Mr. Berrien, for the plaintiff, argued that the ter: , M arcY Ist. "beyond seas," in the statute of limitations, .was not to be construed literally, according to its geographica. import, but liberally, and with reference to the protec-tion which this clause of the statute was intended to .af-
ford. "Beyond iens, and out'bf the state, vre analogous-
expressions, and mus have the same construe o.. the expression beyond seas has been borrowed from 'a,' dorresponding statute in Great Britain, -where it has a local or geographical aptitude, which it does not possess here. The phraseology pf the English' stat htes
hqs b~en nmodified to adapt it to the verying circumstances of that nation. Anterior to the accession of the
first Jgmes, the northern part of the island was held'by Scotland in distinct sovereignty, and in this sfate of things the expression "beyond seas" would have bben unapt. A resident of Scotland, though that countrywas then foreign to England, would not have been within the proviso oof the statute. Accordingly, .we find, that the corresponding expression in the sta'tutes-

a Per.Chief Justice MARSUAL.' Faw v. Roberdeau's ex'is3,0ranch, 174.;177.

CASES, IN THE SUPREVIE COURT

1818.
urra Murray
T. Baker.

passed anterior to this. period, is "out of the, realm." And Mr. Justice Wilmot, in pronouncing his opinion
in the case of the King v. Walkera observes, that "the legislature by altering the phraseology of the' statute
from 'out of the realm' to 'beyond seas' at this precise period, seems to have pointed to the case ofa dwelling in Scotland." During the -war of our revolution, the British army was in possession of part of the state of New-York. it has been held there, that-the maker of a promissory note, -who -was within the British - lines during such occupancy, and departed with the British army at the close. of the war, was out of the state during that time, and, therefore, not entitled to plead the statute in bar;. and that the cause of action accrued oily upon his coming i4to the state after the peace. "The party was out of the jurisdictionof the
state.. He was quasi ,out of the realm. He was wherethe anthority which was exercised, was derived, not from the state, but from the king of Great Britain by right of conquest."b So, in this case, the plaintiffs were never within the jurisdiction of the, state : and if in the language of the chief justice first, cited, beyond seas and out of the state are analogous, expressions, they are entitled, to bring their action at any time -within three years after coming into the state. The opposite construction would involve the absurdity of refusing the protection of the statute to a person living in Chili, because access can be had to that remote country by land; whilst it is extended

a I W:. B. 286. b Sleight v Kane, I Johns. Gas. 76, 81.

OF THE U)NITED STATES:

b4f

to a person residing in the neighbouring West-India island, because the seas 3iust be passed in order to
reach the latter. No counsel appeared to argue the cause on the oth-
er side.

1818.
v. Baker.

Mr. Justice J bnrsor delivered the opinion of the court. This is an action of ejectment. The defence set up is the act of limitations of the state of Geor-

gia. The only question which the case presents is, whether the plaintiff, who resided in Virginia, comes. within the exception in the act in favour, of persons-

"beyond seas." On this question, the court are.unanimously of opin.-
ion, that to give a sensible construction to that act,

the words "beyond seas" must be held to- he equivalent

to "without the limits of the state," and order this opinion to be certified to the circuit court of the district of

Georgia.

Certificate foT the plaintiff.

a0rch7 91&

V6L

OFTHE UNITED STATES.
(CHANCERY.) DUNLOP v. HEP.BURN, et al.

1818..
Dunlop 6b Hepburn.

Vxplhnation of the decree in this cause, (f.eported ante, Voi . . p. 719 that the defeadants were only to be accountable "for the rents and' profits ofilho lands. referred to in the proceedings, actually received by them.

APPEAL frow the circuit court for the district of' Columbia.'

Mr. Justice WASHrNGTON delivered the opinion ofFe&. 241&. the court. By the decree of, this" court made in this cause at February term, 1816-,.the defendants were ordered "to make up,'state, and. settle, beforie a cdmmissioner or commissinfiers to be apiointed by the circuit
court ofthe district of Columbia for the county of Alexandria,, an account of-the rtnts and- profits of the tract of land referred to in the "proceedings, since the
27th day of March, 1809, and -that they, pay over the same to the complainants, John Dunlop & Co., or "to their lawful agent or attorney." The commissioners ap_
pointed by the dircuit court-to execute this part of the decree of this court made a report,, in which they state, "that it did not appear to them that the said WiliaM"
Hepburn and John Dundas. or the legal representatives
of the said Dundas, ever received any rents or profits of the land from the 27th day of Marcr, 1809, until the date of the report; but that the reasonable rents and

23Z

CASES IN THE 'SUPREME COURT

1818. profits of the said land in'its untenantable situation Unt tes from the said 27th day of March, 180,9, to the 27th day
Iv. of March, 1816, with due care would be equal to
150 crate"1 2077 60 dollars."
The cause coming on to be heard in the court below on this report, and that court being of opinion that under the decree of this court, the defendants w re only to be-accountable for the rents and profits actually received, it was decreed that the ill, so far as it seeks a recovery of r-ents and profits, should be dismissed, from which decree an appeal was prayed to this court.
I am instructed by the court to say, that the decree of the circuit is in strict co'nformity with the decree and mandate of this court, and is therefore to be affirmed..
Decree affirmed.

(INSTANCE COURT.)
THE UNITED STATES V. 150 CRATES OF EARTHEN WARE.
Libel for a forfeiture of goods imported, and alleged to have been in-
vpiced at a less sum than the actual cost at the place of exportation, with design to evade the duties, contrary to the C6th section of the collection law, ch. 128. Restitution decreed upon the evidence as to the cost of the goods at the place wvhere they were last shipped; the-form ofthe libel excluding all inquiry'as tu their cost at tie place where they were originally shipped, and as to the continuity of voyage.

454

AS9 N.TH9SUPREME COURT

(o MMQN LAW.)

Eitor.

EVANS V. EATON.

Under the 6th section ofthe patent law of 179 3 , ch; 156. the defendant pleaded the general issue, and gave notice that he would prove at tWe trial, that the machine, for the use of which, without license, the suit was brought, had been used previous to the alleged invention of the plintiff, in stveral places which were specified in the notice, or in some of them, !and also at sundry other places in Pennsylvania, Maryland, &n4 elsewherein iJse Unit'ed States." The" fefendant having given *4idence as to some of the pjac~s specified, offered evidence as to others norspecified. -Held, that this evidence was admissible. But the powers of'thocourt, in such a caI, are sufficient to prevent, and will be ex orcised to pretent, the patentae from being injired by surprise.
Testimony, on the pait of the plaintiff, that the persons of'whose pricruse of the machirlii the defendant had given evidence, had paid the plaintiff for licenses to use th6 machine since his patent, ought not to be
absolutely rejected, thoughentitled to very Lttle weight. Q"", Whether, under,the general patent jaw, improvements on
different machlines cm becbmprehended in the same patent, Eo as to give a right to the e clusive use of several machines separately, as well as a right to the exclu3ive use of tEose machines in combination ?
However this may be, the act of the 21st January, 1808. ch. 117 "tfor tle rehief of Oliver Evans." authorizes the issuing to him of a pet-
ent for his invention, discovery, and improvements, in the art of minufaeturing flour, and in the several machines applicable to that purpose.
Q tre, Whether congress canconstitutionally decide the fact, that a
particular individual is an author or inventor of a certain writing or invention, so as to preclude judicial inquiry into the originality of thr author-
ship or invention?
Be this as it may, the act for the relief of Oliver Evans does not decide that fact, but leaves the question of invention and improvement open
to investigatidn under the general patent law. Under the sixth section of the patent law, ce. 156. if the thing seeured
by patent had been in uae, or had been described in a public work an-

OF THI: UNITEI -STATES,

-tior to he sopp9sed.d'scovery, the patent ip void, whpther the pat-
*ot@ehad i knowledge or this previous ue or desrription, orpvt
Oliver Evans may claim, under hisipitent, the ,exclusive useorhs in. ventions and improtemehtinn the art or manutrcturing flour i'd pIeal, dytd in the several machines which he has invented, and in his improv;el ment on michines previousjy.diocovered. But where his claup-is fox ma improvement on a machine, he must show the extent or his improvement so that itperson unierstanding the sqbject may comprehend distinctly in
what't consists. 'he not rorthe reliefofO. E. is engrated on the general patent law',
so' as to give him a right to sue' in the circuit cooi, frea}n iolfagement or his patent rights, although the defendant may be a citizen ofthesani
state wvith himself.

1 18;
Evai "
at

Error, to the circuit court for thi. district of Pennsylo Tapia.
This was ap action brought by the plaintiff in error; against the defendant in error, for an alteed infringement of the plaintiff's patent right to the use of, his improved hopper-boyt one of the several machines diwovere , invented, improved, and appI'ed by him 'to theart of manufactuing flour and meal, 'wichj patent *-as granted on-the 22d January, 1808. Tlhe dlefen8ain pleaded the general issue, and gave th 'notice- hereafter stated. The verdict-was rendered, and judgmenit given thereupon for the defendant in the'court below; on -which the cause was brought, by writ of erroX,tjo this court.
At the trial in the court below, the plaintiff gave in evidence, the several acts of congress entitled respec., tively, "An act to promote the .progress of useful arts, and to repeal the acts 'heretofore made -4or that purpose ;" An act to extend-the privilege. of obtaining patents, for useful discbveries' and in'vetr

455

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. tions, to certain persons therein mentioned, and to en-
E'vans:large afid deft ne penalties for violating the rights of v. patentees; " and "An act for the relief of Oliver
Eaton. Evans;" the said Oliver's petition to the secretary of
state, for a patenta and. the patent thereupon grant-

a C(TO JAMES MADISON, ESQ. SECRETARY OF STATE

Thep tition of-Oliver Evans, of the city of Philaetphia, a
citizen of the United States, respectfully showeth,
That your petitioner having discovered certain useful improvements, applicable to various purposes, but particularly to thd art ofmanufacturing flour and meal, prays a patent for the same, agreeably to the act of congress, entitled, "an Act for the
reliefof Oliver Evans." The principles of these improvements consist, 1. In the subdivision of the grain, or any granulated or
pulverized substance; in elevating and conveying them from place to, place in sm. II separate parcels: in spreading, stirring turning and gathering them by. regular and constant motion so as to subject them to artificial heat, the full action oyheair to cool and dry. the same when necessary, to avoid danger from fermentation, and to prevent insects from depositing
their eggs during the operation of the manufacture. 2. In the application of the power which moves the mill, or
other principal machine, to work any machinery which may be used to apply the said principles, or to perform the said operationi by constant motioi an& continued rotation, to save ex-
pense and labour. The machinery, by him already invented, and uoed for apply
ing the above principles, consists of animproved elevator, an improved- couveyor, an improved hopper-boy; an improved drilland an improved kiln-drier. For a particular explanation ofthe principles,-and a description and application of the ma ehies which he has so invented and dissovered, he refers to the specifications'and drawing, heritinto annexed; and he is

OF THE UNITD1 STATES.
ed to the said Oliver, dated the twenty-second day oi January, in the year 1808;b and further" gavA ib eve-
ready, if fhe secretary of the statpqshall deem it necdi iry, to deliver modeli of the said machines.
.OLIVEI tyANS.

8 , Evans
V.
taton.

DFSCRIPTION Of the several machines invented by Olver Evans, and use& in his imnrovement on the process of the art of manufacturing
flour vr meal from grain, and which are mentioned in his spe-. cification as applicable to other purposes.
'No. 1.-THE ELEVATOR. Plate vi. Fig 1. AB. represents an elevator for raising graiir for the granary 0, and conducting it by spouts into a number of different garners as may be necessary, where a mill grinds separate parcels for toll or pay. The upper pulley being set in motion, and the little gate A drawn, the buckets fill as they pass under the lower, and empty as they pass over the upper. pulley, and discharge' into the nioveab* spout B, to be by it di-
rected to any of the different garners. Fig. 2 Part of the strap and bucket, showing how they ard
attached.
A, abucket of sheet iron, formed ftorm the plhte 8, which is doubled up and rivited at the corners, and rivited to the strap.
B, a bucket made of tough wood, say willow,' from the form 9, being bent at right angles at e c, one side and bottom cover. ed with leather, and fastened to the strap by a small strao of leather, passing through its main strap, and tacked to its sides.
C, a lesser bucket-of wood, bottomed with leather, the strap.
forming one side of it. D, a 'lesser bucket of sheet iron, formed from the plate I ,.
and'rivited to thd strap which forms one side of the bucket. Fig. 6. Thiform. of a gudgeon for the lower pulley

VOL. 11L

(b) See note b page 461, 59

iSJt. Evans Jatoli

CASES-IN THE SUPREME "COURT
-lence, that an agent for the plaintiff, wrote a note to the- defeidett in answer to which, he called on the
7. The form of the gudgeons of the shaft of the upper pulley.
12. The form orthe buckle for tightening the elevator strap. Fig. n . plate vii, represents an elevator applied to raise grain into a granary, from a wharf, &c. bf'a horse. 16, represents an elevator raising the meal in a grist-will.
8, represents an elevator wrouglt by a man. -Plate viii, 35, 39, represents an elevator raising grain from the hold of a ship., 33, 34, represents an elevator raising meal from three pair of stones, in'a flour mill, with all the improvements complete. Plate ix, Fig. I. CD represents an elevator raising grain from a waggon. E. represents the moieable spout, and manner of fixing it, *.os to direct the grain intp the different apart-
meats. Plate x. 2, 3, and 11, 12, represents elevators, applied'to
raise rice in a mill for bulling anil cleaning iice. The straps of elevators are best made of white harness
leather.
N. II.-TItE CONYEYOR. Plate vi. fig. 3, represents- a conveyor for conveying meal from the millstones into the elevator, stirring it to cool at the same'operation, shiowing how the flights are set across the spiral line to change from the principle o f'an endless screw to that of a number of'ploughs, which answer better for the purpose of moving meal, showing also the hling flights set broadsideforemost, and the manner of connecting it to the lower pulley. of the elevator which turns it. Fig, 4. The gudgeon of the lower pulley of the elevator connected to the socket of the convevor. 5. An end view of the socket and the bandwhich fastens !t
to the conveyor"

OF THE UNITED STATES.

459

agent, at Chambersburg, at t64 house oflaCob Snyder; on the ninth 'of August, 1813 ; there werd:a nu
Plate viii. 37. 36.-4 rehres~nts a conlveyor .for colieying grain from the ship to tne elevator 4-5, with a joint at 36i -to let it rise and lolver with -le tide.
44-45. A conveyor for conveying grain to diflberent.garners froin an elevator.
3 1-32. A conveyor for conveyingtil flounto th" fii6l'eelvator, or the coarse fl:ur to he eye of the stone.
Plate ix, Fig. 1 1, represents a conveyor for conveying the weal from tw., pair of stones, to the elevator onnected'to'te pulley, which turns thnm both.
Plate'x. 2-11, represents conveyors applied-to con*6Y'jie, in a rice mill, from aboat or waggon t6 the 'elevator, 'or frefrt the fanto an elevator.
No. 11[.-THE HOPPERBOY. Plate vii. Fig. 12, represents a hqpperboy roniplete'fbr 'performing all the operations specified, except that only one arm is shown. AB, the upright shaft; 'CED, ithd arms, with: flights and
sweeps. E, the sweeper to fill the-bolting hoppers [I-ICFE, tne brace, or stay, for s~teadying the arms. Pthe pulley, and W, the weight, that is to'balande the arms,
to make them play lightly on the meal, and rise or.fall, asmthe. quantity increases or diminishes.
ML, the leader. N, the iitch' sti'ck, which can b6 meted' along the leading he; to shorten or lengthen it.'
Fig; 13. SSS, the arms turned bottom up, showin . tht flikhts and sweepers complete at one end, and the lines on-the~oth'er, end show the mode for laying out for the flights,'so as to ha4 the right inclination and distance, according, to the biicle de.;scribed by each, and so that the flights of one end may trackbetween those of the other.; The sweepers an'd the'flights at each end of the arms are put on with a thumb asciw, so thit' they may be moved, andad that these flighte may_-:lt *ie4,

Ie18. Ea..
V.

46o,

CASES IN, THE SUPREME COURT

119.. her of inillers present; the, defendant then told the Evan agent -that hie had got Mr. Evans' Book, a plate in

xoa. to drive meal-outwards from the centre, and at the same time trail itround tlie whole circle : this'is of use sdmetimes, when we wish to bolt one quantity which we have under the hopperboy, without bolting !hat which we are grinding, and ye to spread that which we are grinding to dry aod cool,jaying round the'liopperboy, convenient to be shovelled under it, as soon as
.we wish to bolt it.
Fig. 15. The form* of the pivot for the bottom of the up-
right shaft. 14. The plate put on the bottoni of the shaft to rest on the
shoulder of the pivot; this plate is to prevent the arm from de-
scending so low as to touch the floor. Plate -v.iii. Fig ,25, represents a hopperboy attending two
bolts in a-mill, with all the improvements complete. Plato ix. The hopperboy is shown over QQ. Fig. 1 is tha
.a-zmturned upsidedown%to show the flights an sweepers.

No.IV.-THE DRILL. Plate vi. Fig. -1. HG represents a drill Conveying grain from. the different garners to the elevator, irla mill for grinding par-
cels for toll or pay. Plate vii. Fig. 16. Ild a drill, conveying meal from the stones
in i grist mill to the elevator. The strap of this machine may be made broad, and the sub-
-stance to be moved may be dropped od its upper sm face, to be carried and dropped over the pulley at the other end: in this case it reqtires onle bucket like those of the elevator, to brink up any that may %pilloff the strap.
For full and complete directions for proportioning all the parts, .constructing, and using the above-described machines, see the book which I have published for that express purpose, entitled, "TheYoung Mill wright and Miller's Guide." See plate viii. representing a mill, with three pair of millstones,
with all the inprovementscomplete, except the kiln-drier.

OF THE UNITED STATES,

the. Millwrighut's Guide, and if the agent woiuld take 19141 forty dollars, the defendant would give it Jim ;-, the SEvaus

.No. V,-THE KILN-DRIER.

E .

Plate ix. Fig. 2. A., the stove, which. may be constructeA -simply of six plates, and enclosed by a brick wall lined with a mortar composca pfpulverised thnircoal and clay. B., the plpa ior carrying off the smoke. ' CfC., th6 air-ijpes, connecting the space between the stove and wall with the conveybr. DD., the pipes for the heated air to ecape.
The air is admitted at the air hole belo.w, regulated by i ra, g'ster as experience shall teach to be best, so as not to destroy the.'plinciole which causes the flour to fermenteasily, and:soo in the proces, of baking. .The conveyors must be covemed close , the-meal admitted by small holes as .it falls -from the

:mift-stones.

Witness, Saml. I. Smith, Ws Jo. Gules, junr.

OLIVER EVATN4.9'

h THE UNITED STATES OF AMERIA: To allwhom these lettcriPatentshall come:
Whereas Oliver Evans-of the city of Philadelphia, a' cit-" zen of ihe United States, hath allegeal that he hath invented"d new and usefuil improvement in the.art of manufactiring 'floa-. and mMial, by meain of certain machines, which. he terms adn improved elevator, an'improved, conveyor, an improved op. per-boy, an improved drill, and an improved kiln-drier ; which machines are moved by the same power that moves the milorother principal machinery, and in their opertion subdivide any" granulated or.pulverised substance, elevkte'an'd carry the sabie from place to place in small and separate parcels, sprea'c, stir, turn andl gather them by retgular and constant motion, so as to subject them to artificial heat, and- the air to dry and -cool when necessary; a more particular and full description

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
defendant said that his hopper-boy. was taken fibin a, plte in Mr. Evan's book; he said he would give no. mote, alleging, that the hundred dollars the agent asked was too much; that the stream on which his mill was, was a small head of Conogocheage. The agent then declared, that if the defendant would not pay him by MIonday morning, he would comence a,
circuit court. siit in the
The plaintiff further gave in evidence, that another agent for the plaintiff was in the defendan ts mill on the second of November. 1814, and saw a hopper-boy there, on the principles and construction of the. plain, tiff's hopper-boy. This witness had heard that a in the words of the inventor is hereby annexed in a schedule: which improvement has not been known or used. before his application-has zffirmed that he does verily believe that, be is the true';nventor or discoverer of the said improvement, and agreeably to the act of congress entitled, "An act for the re- auihurizes'the Se~:etaty 4.of State to secure to him by patent lief the of exclusive Oliver Evans," right to which the use of such improvement in the artof manhufacturing flour and meal, and in the several machincs which lhe has discovered, improved and.applied to that purpose ; he has'paid into the treasury of the United States, the sum of thirty dollarA, delivered a re ceipt for the same, and presented a petition to the Secretary of State, signifying a derire of obtaining an exclusive property prayitig that a patent pnay be granted for-that purpose: in the These said are improvement, therefore to and grant, ac-
cording to law, to the said Oliver Evans his heirs, adminis. trators, or assigns, for the term of fourteen years, from the twenty-second day of JanuAry, 1808, the full and exclusive right and liberty of making, using, and vending to others to

_OF THE UNITED STATES.

right was.obtaincd under Pennsylvania; but did not known of any rights under Pennsylvania sold by the plaintiff ; and did not know that it was erected in any mill after the patent under Pennsylvania. The de-

.
.r. Eaon

be used, the said improvement, a description whereof isgiven in th words of the said Oliv er Evans himself, in the sched. ule hereto annexed, and is made a part of these presents.

SEAL.

Ia testimaony wvhrcoJ, I have caused these Letters to be made Patent, and the seal ofthe United States to be hereunto affixed.
Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, this twenty-second day ofJantrary, in the year of our Lord, ouethou-,
sand eight hundred and eight, and of the independence of tb," Unite,! t ates of America, the thirty-second,
TH: JEFFERSON.
By the President, JAMES MADISON,'Secretary'C( State.

City of Washington, To wit: I DO HEREBY CERTIFY, That
the forcgoing Letters Patent were deLivered to me on the twenty-second day of January, in the year of our Lord,
one thousand eight hundred and eight to be examined; that I have examined the same, and find them conformable to law. And I do hereby return the same to the Secretary of State, within fifteen days from the date aforesaid, to wit:, on this twenty-second day of January, in the year aforesaid,
C. A. RODNEY, Attorney General of the United Stat.

1ISS. M
Evans
.X.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT"
fendant's hopper-boy had an upright shaft, with a lead ing arm, in the first place, and a l.arg0Me arm inse~ted
THE SCHEDULE
Referred to in these letters patent, and making part of the same containing a desciiption, in the words of the said Oliver Evangof his improvemants in the art of manufacturing flour and meal.
"11Ayfirst principle is to elevale the meal as fast as it is ground in small separate parcels, in continued succession and rotation 'to fall on the cooling floor, to spread, stir, turn and expose it to the action of the air, as much as possible, and to keep it in cofistant and continual motion, from the lime it is ground until it be bolted : this I do to giye the air full action, to extract the superfluous moisture from .he meal, while the heat,. generated by the friction of grinding, will repel and tFirow it off,. and the mqre effectually dry and cool the meal fit for bolting in-the course of the operation, and save time and expense to ihe iiller. Also to avoid all danger from fermentation by its laying warm in large quantities as is usual-, and to prevent insects Prom depositing their eggs, which may breed the worms often found in good flour. And further to co.nplete this principle so as to dry the- meal more effectually, and to cause the flour to keep swcet a longer space of tine, I mean to increase the heat of the meal as it falls ground from the millstones, by application of heated air, that is to say, to kilndry the meal as it is ground instead of kilndrying the grain as usual. The flour will be fairer and bette: than if made from kilndried grain, the skin of which is made so brittle that it pulverizes and mixes with the flour. This principle i apply by various machines ihich I have invented, constructed, and adapted to the purposOs hereafter specified, numbered 1,2, 3, .1,5.
My second principle is to apply the power that moves the mill or other principal machine to work my machinery, and by t quj.to perform various operations which have always hbretor

OF THE 'UNITED STATES:

46

vith flights, and leading lines, and swe'epers ; a little WS$.,

board, for.the purpose of sweeping the meal in the I

s
EV

fore been performed by manual force, and thus greatly to les- Eatn.

sen the expense and labour of attending'mills and other *orks

The application of those principles, including that of kiln-

drying the meal, during the process of the manufacture, or oth.

erwise to the improyement of the process of manufadturing

flour, and for other purposes, is what I claim as my invention" and improvement in the art, as not having been known or

used before my discovery, knowing well that the principles

once applied by one set of machinery, to produce the desiredc

eflect, others may be contrived and variously constructed, and

adapted to produce like effects in the-application of the principles, but perhaps none to produce the aetii-ed effect more com-7

pletely than those which I have invented an4 fdlapted to the

purposes, and which are hereinafter specified.

No. 1.THE ELEVATOR. Its use isto elevate any grain, granulated or pulverized substances.' Its use in the manufac-

ture of flour or meal is to elevate the meal from the millstones

in small separate parcels, and to let it fall through the aii on

the cooling fluor as-fast as it i. ground. It consists of qriend-

less strap, rope, or chain, with a number of small bucket§ attached thereto, set to revolve rbund two pulleys, one at the

lowest and the other at the highest point between which the

substance is to be raised. These buckets fill astheyturn under

the lower and empty themselves as they turn over the upper pul-

ley. The whole, is inclosed by cases of boards to prevent waste.

No. 2. THE CONVEYER. Its use is t6 convey any grainy

grdnilated or pulverised substances, in a horizontal, ascending,

or descending direction. Its use in the process of the art of manufacturing fiour, is to convey the meal from the millstones,

as it is ground, to the elevator, to be'raised, and tq keep the

meal in constant motion, exposing it to the action of the air;

also in some cases to-convey the meal from the elevator to the

bolting hopper, and to cool znd dry it fit for bolting, instead of the hopperboy, No. 3; also to mix the flour after it is bolt~d

Vor.. III.

60

k
1818.
Bvans v.

ASFS IN THE SUPREME COURT

bolting hoppers and spreading it over the floor; a ba
lance Weight, to cause the arrms to play up and down lightly over the meal. The leading arms were about 5

also to convey'the grain from one machine to another, and in

this operation to rub the impuritie- off' the grain. It consists of alu endless screw, set to revolve in a tube, or section of a tube, receiVing the substance to be moved at one end, and delivering it at thn other end; but for tie purpose of conveying floir or meal, I construct it as follows: instead of making it a continued spiral. which forms the endless screw, I set small boai ds, called flight, at.an angle crossing the spiral line;" these flights operate like so many ploughs following each other, moving the meal from one end of the tube to the other with a continued motion, turning and exposing it to the action of the air to he cooled and dried. Sormetimes I setsome of the flights to move broadside forerpost, to lift the meal from one side to fall on the
other, to expose it to the air more effectually. No.3. THE HOPPERBOY. Its use is to spread uny grain,
granulated, or pulverized substance, over a floor or even surface, to stir it and expose it to the air to dry arid cool it, when necessary, and at'the same time to gather it from. the circum'ference of the circle it describes, to or near the cent6r, or to spread it from the center to the circumference and leave it in
the place where we wish it to be delivered, when sufficiently ope rated on. Its use in the process of manufacturing flour, is
to-spread the-meal as fast as it fulls from the elevator"over the
cooling floor, on the area of a circle, of from eight to sixteen
feet more or less in diamater, according to the work of the mill tb stir and turn it continually, and to expose it to the action of

the air to be dried and cooled, and to gather it into the bolting

hoppers, and to attend the same regularly.

It consists of an
f

upright shaft made roun4 at the lower end, about two thirds o

its lngth, and set to revolve 'on a pivot in the centre of the

cooling floor; through this shaft say five feet from the floor*

is put a piece called the leader, and the lower end of the shaft

passes very loosely. through a round hole in the zentre of an-

other piece called the arm,, Way from eight to sixteen feet in

OF THE UNITED STATES:

feet long, and seemed to be in proportion,the arm about 1818

14, and the length of the sweep about 9 inches. ,.*.-' Evans

length, this last piece revolving horizonially, describes the circle ofrthe-conling floor, and' is led round by a cord, the two ends of which are attached to the two ends of tle arms, and passing- through a hole ai each end of the leader, so ihat the Cord will reeve to pull each end of tke arms equally. The

Eliton.

weight of the arms is nearly lMilan ed by a weight hung to a cord, which is attached to the arms,'and passes over a puiley' inear to the upper end of the upright shaft, to cause the artas to play lightly, pressing with only part of their weight on the meal that may be under it. The fremost edges of the airns ar' sloped upwards, to cause them to rise over and keep on the" surface of the meal as the quantity increases ;' and if it be used separately and unconnected with the elevator, th Teal may be thrown with ihovels within its reach, while ih 'hption, and it will spread it level, and rise over it until the heap be four' feet high or more, which it' will gather into the"hoppers, always taking from the surface, after turning it to the air a grekt number of times. The underside of these armsi are set with little. inclining boards called flights, about four inches apart next the

centre, and gradually closing to about two inches next thq extremities, the flights of the one arm to track between those of

the other, they operate like ploughs, and ;t every revolution of the machine they give the meal two turns towards the centre of the circle, near to which are generally the bolting hoppers. At each extremity of the armsthereis a little board attahed to the hindmost edge of the arm to move side foremost; these are called sweepers; their use is to receive (he nal a&' it falls from the elevator, and trail it round the circledescribed

ij the arms that' the flights may gather ittowards the centre from every part of the circle; without these, this nachifio would not spread the meal over the whole'rea of the circle described by the arms. Other sweepers are attached to that part of the arms which pass over the bolting hoppers, to aweep te meal into thern.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

'1818.
-Evanp V.
Eaton.

And the defendant, havihg previously given the

Splaintiff

written nbtibe, that upon the trial of the

But if the bolting hoppersvbe near a wall and not in the cen-tre of the cooling floor, then in this case the extremity of the

,arms are made to pass over them, and the meal from the elevator let fall near the.centro of the machine, and the flights are 'reversed to turb the meal from the centre towards the circumference, and the sweepers will sweep it into the hoppers. Thus ,this machine receives the meal as it falls from the elevator on the cooling floor, spreads it over the floor, turns it twice over at every revolution, stirs and keeps it ip continual motin, and gathers.it at the same operation into the bolting hoppers, and .attends them regularly. If the bolting ree!s are stopped, this machine spreads the meal and rises over it, receiving under it from one, t'wo, to three hundred bushels of meal, uiqtil the bolts .are set in motion again, when 'itgathers the meal into the hop. pers, and as the heap diminishes, it follows it down until all is b-olted. I claim as my invention, tie peculiar properties or
principles which this machine possesses, viz. the spreading, turning and gathering the meal at one operation, and the rising and lowering of its arms by its motion, to accommodate itself .to any quantity of meal it has to operate on.
No. 4. THE DRILL. Its use is to move any grain', granulated or pulverized substance, from one place to another : it consists, like the elevator, 'of an endless strap, rope or chain &c. with little rakes instead of buckets, (the whole cased with -boardsto prevent waste) revolving round two pulleys or rollers. Its use in the process of the manufacture of flour; isto draw or rake the grain or meal frqm-one part of the mill to another. Its-receives it at one pully, ant delivers it at the other, in a
horizontal, ascending or descending direction, and irf some cases may be more conveniently applied for that purpose than the conveyer. I claim the exclusive right to, the principles, and to all the machines'above specified, and for all the uses and pur-poses specified, as not having been heretofore known or used -beforp I discovered them. They may all be united and comhbj

OF THIE UNITED STATES.

cause, the defedant -would give in evidence, under MBIS. the general issue, the following special, matter, to

ned in one fdqur thill, to produce my improvement on the art of Manufacturing flour complete, or they may each be used separately for any ofthfe purposes specified and aloted tb th~tOe or to produce my improvcmcpt in part, according* to the c:-l cumstance of the case.
No. 5.THE KILN-DRIER. To kilndry the medl aftetit is ground, and during the operation of the process of manufacturing flour, I tako'a close stov of any common fQrm, anl en"-
close it with a wall made of' the best noncondtictor of'beqt; leaving a small space between the stove and the wall;'to a'dmir air to be heated in its passage through this sp~ce. I set'tbis' stove beloiv the conveyer that conveys the meal from the mill stones asgrpund into the elevator, and I connect the sjiac&be-' tween the stove and the wall- to the conveyor tube by d piOe'9n-" tering near the elevator, and I cov6r the conveyor' close,' dntl-set a'tube to rise fromtho end of the conveyor tube nehr thbh ,,mill stones; fbr the hated air to ascend and esbape 'as ti a chimney. [ make fire in the stove, and idmit a;r at the bottom of the space between it and the wull rouud it, to be heated tne
iass along the conveyer tube, meeting the meal which will b. heated by the hot air, and the superfluous moisture will be more
'powerfully repelled and thrown off, and the meal will be dried
and cooled as it passes through tie operation. of the elevator' and hopperboy. The flour will be fairer than if the grain had
been kilndried, and it will keep longer sweet than flour hot kiindried. I set ailmy machines in motion by the common means of cog and round tooth, and pinion straps, ropes, or chains, well known to every millwright.
Arrangement'and connexion of the several machines, so as to apply my principles to prdduce my improvements complete'
I fix a spout through the wall of the mill -for the grain to be emptied into from the wagoner's baig, to run into a box hung' at the andef a scale-beam to weigh a waggon load ata draught.
From thii box it descends into the grain elevator, which raises

Eto.

470, S1L
Evans Eaton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
wit: "Ist. That the improved hopperboy, for -which,
inter; alia, the plaintiff in his declaration -alleges, he
it-to the granary ,over the cleaning machines, and as it passes Ethrough them,'it may he directed into the same elevator to as-
cend to be cleaned a second time, and then descends into a ginary, over the hopper ofthe mill-stones to supply them regulirly, and as ground it falls fromi the several pair of mill-stones into the conveyors, where it is drie4 by the heated air, of the kiln-drier, and is conveyed into the meal elevator, to be raised and dropped on the cooling floor, within reach of the hopper. boy, which receives and spreads it over the whole area of the circle which it describes, stirringand turning it continually, and gathering it into the bolting hoppers which it attends regularly. The part of the flour which is not sufficiently bolted by the first operation, is conveyed by a conveyor or drill, into thp elevator, to ascend with the meal to be bolted over again, and that part of the-meal which has not been sufficiently ground at the first operation, is conveyed by a conveyor or drill, and let run into the eye bf the mill stone to be ground over.
Thus the-whole of the operations which used to be performed by manual labour, is, from the time the wheat is emptied from the waggoner's bag, or from the ship's measure, until it enters the bolts and the manufacture be completed in the most perfect manner, performed by the machinery moved by the power which moves the mill, and this machinery keeps the meal in constant motion during the whole process, drying and cooling it more completely, avoiding all danger from fermentation, and preveuting insects from depositing their eggs, and performing all the operations of grinding and bolting to much greater perfection, making the greatest possille quantity of the best quality of flour out of the grain, saving much time and labour and expense to the miller, and preventing much from being wasted by the motion 'of the machines being so slow as to cause none of ihe flour to raise in form of dust, and be carried away bY the

OF THE UNITED STATES9,

T.

hasobtained a patent, was not originally, discovered by the patentee, but had been in use anterior to the supposed discovery of the patentee, in sundry places, to wit: at the mill of George Fry and Jehu Hollings. worth, in Dauphin. county, Pennsylvania; at Christian Stauffer's mill in Warwick township, Lancaster county, state of Pennsylvania ; at Jacob Stauffer's mill in thesame county, at Richard Downing's mill in Chester county, Pennsylvania; at Buffington's mill on the Brandywine ; at Daniel Huston's milI in Lancaster county, Pennsylvania; at Henry Stauffersmill.in York county, Pennsylvania; and at DihPl: mill-in the same county, or at . )me of the said places' and also' at sundry other places in the said state of' Pennsylvania, the state of Maryland, and elsewhere

!
V. Eat;. ..

air, and the cases of the machines being made close, prevents

any from. being lost.",

OLIVER EVANS.

Wtess Samuel H. Smnizh,. Witnesses I Jo. Gales, jun.

- Washington County, Distr:,tof Columbiaj viz.

THIS 41h day of November, 1837,.pei sonally appeared be-

fore me, a justice of the peace in and for said county. Oliver

Evans, who, being duly affirmed according to law.'declares

that he is a citizen.of the |lnitpil States. and~that his usual.;

place of residence i, in the city of Philadelphia, and that he verily believes th: he is the true and original invenlor of the

improvements he,, im above specified, for which he "snl''it*~

pitent.

OLIVER EVANS.,

Affirmed before me,

SAM. H. SMITH

CASES- IN THE SUPREME COURT
1818. in the United .Sfates: 2d. 'That the patent given ti Evans Sthe plaintiff, as be alleges in his declaration, is more
v*. extensive'tban his discovery ,or invention, for that Eton. .certain parts of the machine in said patent, called an
improved hopper-boy, and"which the plaintiff claims as his, invention and discovery, to wit, the upright shaft, avo'sr ajnd flights, and sweeps, or some of them, and those parts by whichthe meal is spread, turned and gathered at one operation, and also several other parts, were not originally inventei1 and discovered by hrim, but were in use prior to his said supposed invention or discovery, to- vit, at the places above mentioned, or some of them. 3d. That the said patent is .lso more extensive- than the plaintiff's invention or discovery; -forthat the application of the power that moves the mill or other principal machine to the hopper-boy is not an original invention or discovery of the plaintiff but was in use anterior to his said supposed invention 6r- discovery, to, wit, at the places above mentioned, 'or some of them. 4th. That the said patent is void, beicause it purports to give him an exclusive property in an improvement in the art of mapfacturing meal, by means of a certain machine, termed an improved h.pperboy, of which the said. plaintiff is not the original inventor or discoverer; parts of the machine in the description thereof referred to by the patent, having been in use anterior to tae plaintiff's said supposed discovery, to 'wit, at the, places above mentioned, or some of them; and,, .tje'-sdid patent and description therein referred toe o6ntains no statement,, specification, or description,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

by which those parts, so used as aforesaid, may -be

distinguished from those of which the said plaintiff

may have-been the inventor, .or, discoverer, protesting

at the same time that he has not been the inventor

or discoverer of any of the parts of the said machine;

5th. That the improved elevator, described in the

declaration, or referred to therein, was not originally

discpvered by, the plaintiff, but *as anterior to his

said supposed discovery or invention, described in

certain public works, or books, to wit, in Skaaw's Tra-

vels; in the first volume of the Universal History;

in the first volume: of -Jlor'mer's Hushadry; in, Fer-

gusw's .lMchankcs; in Bossuet's Histoire des- .7athe-

-matiqu;--in Wolf's- (ours des JMathematiques; in

Desagulier's Experinental Philoscphy, and in Pro-

nqys .Areitecture Hydraulique, or some of them.

6th. That the said patent is more extensive than the

invention or discovery of the plaintiff, because cer-

tain :parts of the ,machine called an iniproved eleva-

tor, .vere, anterior to the plaintiff 's said supposed in-,

vention or discovery, describeil in certain public works,

or books, to wit, the works or books above mention-

ed, or some of them ; and that the said patent is void,,

because it neither contains or refers to any specifi-

cation or description by whih the parts s6 before de-

scribe'd in the sai~d public works, may be distinguished

from those parts of which the plaintiff may be the

inventor, or discoverer, protesting, at the same time,

that he has not been the&inventor or discoverer of any

of the parts of the said 'Machine ;" gave in evidence

the existence of hopperboys prior to the plaintiff's

alleged discovery at sundry mills in the state of Penn.

VOL. IIL

61

4 1818.
Evans V.
Eaton.

74 1,818.
,', Eaton.

CASES IN THE 'SUPREME COURT
sylvania, mentioned in the said notice; and forther offered to give in, evidence the existence of hop-
perboys prior to the plaintiff's alleged discovery, at sundry. other mills in the state of Pennsylvania,
nbt mentioned in the said notice; and the counsel for the pJaintiff objected to the admission of any evidence of the existence of liopperboys in the said mills not mentioned i the said notice. But the court decided that such evidence was competent and legal. To whidh -decision the counsel for the plaintiff excepted. The plaintiff, after the above evidence had been kIid before- the jury, offered further to give in evidence that certain of the persons mentioned in the defendant's notice, as having hopperboys in their mills, and also certain of the persons- not mentioned in the said notice, but of whom it had beeh shown by the defendant that they had hopperboys in their tuills, had, since the plaintiff's patent, paid the plaintiff for license to u~e his improved hopperboy in the said mills respectively. But the counsel for the defendant objected to such evidence as i*competent and illegal, and the court refused to permit the same to be laid before the jury. Tot which decision the plaintiff's
counsel excepted. The court below charged the jury that the patent
contained no grant of a right- to 'the several machines, bt was confined to the improvement in the art of manufacturing flour by means -of-those machines ; and
that the plaintiff's claim- must, therefore, be confined to the right granted, such as it was. That it had been contended that the schedule was part of the patent, and contained a l/im to the invention of the peculiar properties and principles of the hopperboy, as

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'vell as other ma.hines., But the court was of opi- 1811.

mon, that the schedule is to be considered as part of '

'the patent,

so far as it is descriptive

Zvansof the machines.1,.*

but not farther; and even if this claim had been con- Eaton.

tained in the bo.dy of the patent, it would have confer-

Ted no right which was not granted by that instru--

ment.

The court further proceeded to instruct tlie juiy - that the law authorized the president to grant a pa.

'tent, for the exclusive right to make, construct, use,

and vend to be used, any new and useful art, ma--

chine, manufacture, or composition of. matter, or

,any new and useful improvemen~t !n any-art, machine,

'&c. not knowr or used before the application. As

to what constitutes an improvement, it is declared,

-that it must be in. the principle of the machine, and

that a mere change in the forns or propoitions of 'any

machine shall not be deemqd a discovery. Previous.

ly to obtaining the patent, the applicant is required to

swear, or affirm, that he verily believes that he is the, -true inventor or discoverer of the art, machine, or im-

provement, for which he solicits a patent; and he must

also deliver a written description of his iIvention, 'and'

of the manner of using it, so clearly and exactly, as 'to

'distinguish the same from all other things before

known, and to enable others, skilled-in the art, :to construct and use the same. That from this short

analysis of the laW, the following rules might be de-

duced. 1st. That a patent may be for -a newv and

,useful art; but it must be practical, it must be appli'cable and referrable to something by *hich it may be

proved to be useful; a mere abstract prificiple cannbt be

appropriated by patent. 2d. The discovery anuzt not only be useful, but new; it must not have Ueea

CASES IN THE SUPREME CORT.

1818: known or used before in any part of the world. It

was contended ky be plaintiff' counsel; that the title

DIiaTn.&I.obf

litffscusl the patentee cannot be impeached, unless it be shown

Eato. that he knewi of a prior discovery of the same art, ma-

chine, &c.; and that true and original are sanony-

uousterms in the intention of the legislature, But, as

it wa's. not pretended that those terrxs meant the same

thing in common parlance, neither was it the inten-

tion of-the legislature'to use them as such. The first

section of the law, referring to the allegations -ofthe

application for a patent, speaks of the discovery as

.something "not known or used before the application;" andin the 6th section it is declared, that the

defendant may give in evidence that the thing secured

by patent, was not originalky discovered by the Pa-

tentee, but has been in use, had been described in joine.public work anterwr to the !upposediscovery.

d. If the discovery be of an impsovement only, it

Anust. be an improvement in the principles of a ma-
chine. art,'or minufacture, before known or used; if onl in the form or proportion, it has not the merit of a discovery, which can entitle the party to a patent. 4th.

The grant can only be for the discovery as recited and described in the pateht and specification. If the

,grantee, is not the original. discoverer ot the art, machine, &c. for which the grant is made, the whole is
Toid. Conseque~itly, if the patent be for the whole of,

the machine, and the discovery were of an improvement,

-the patent is void. 5th. A machine, or an improvement,

may be new, and the' proper subject of a patent, though

-teVqyts of it were before known and in use. The com

binati6,.therefore, of old machines, to produce a new

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and useful iesult, is a discovery for which a patent
may-be granted. The above principles would apply to most of the
questions hat had been discussed. It was strongly
insisted upon by the defendant's cdunsel, that this patent is broader than the discqvery ; the evidence proving, that in relation to the hopperboy,,for the Vr,ing of which this suit is brohught, the plaintiff can p'. td to no, discovery'beyond that of an improiwment in a machine known and used before the alleged discovery of the plaintiff.' This argument proceeded, upon the supposition, that the plaintiff haa obtained a.p~tvat for the hopperboy, whiclh was entirely a mistake. 'he patent was "for an improvement in the art of. Wnu-
facturing flour," by means of a hopperboy and:fo other machines descrlbed in the specifiction, aud tot for either of the machines so combined and used. That the plaintiff is the original discoverer of this improv'e'
ment, was contested by no personi, apd, therefiore, it cohld not with truth be alleged that the patent is-btoader than the discovery, or that the - plaintiff coulcIbot support an action on thispatet against any person .. o should use the whole discovery.
But could, be recover against n person who 'k~ made or' used one of the inechines, which in part±.. stitute the'Aiscovery ? The plaiiitiff insisted Ahgt-he
could, because,. 'having a right to -the whole,he ijs6-
cessarily- entitled, to the-puts of which that'whIe is composed. Would it be seriousTy contendjed ,that a person might ac46ire a right to the excIusive us of ILmachine, because when used in combivation ,with
others, a new and useful result i$- produced, which 7&e could not have acquired independent of that combi-

JIS.
v. Eatqa_

78
1818. Evans
Y. Eaton.

-CASES IN THE SUPREIE COURT

nation ? If he could, then if A. were proved to be the

original inventor of the hopperboy; B. of the leva-

org tor,'and so

on,

as to the

other

machines,

and

either

had obtained patents for their respective discoveries,

or chose to abandon them to the public, the plaintiff;

although -it wds obvious he could not have obtained

separate patents for those machines, might, nevertheless, de'rive the original inventors, in.the first instance, and th public, in the latter, of their acknowledged right to use thiose discoveries, by qbtaining a patent for an im'proVement consisting in a combination of those machines

to produce a new result. The court further charged the' jury,' that it was not
quite clear that this action could be maintained, although it Avas proved beyond' all controversy, that the plaintiff was the original inventor of this ma-

chine., he patent was the foundation of the action, and 'the gist cf the action was, the violation of a right which'that instrument had conferred. But the exclusive right of the hopperboy was not grhnted by
:this patent, although this partieular machine constithtes a part of the improvement of which the plaintiff
is the original inventor, and it is for this improvement and this only, that the ,grant is made. If the grant then was not of this particular machine, could it be sufficient for the plaintiff to prove in this action, that

he was *he'origiral inventor of it ?
Again ; could the plaintiff have obtained a separate
patent for the hopperboy, in case he were the original inventor of it, without first swearing, or affirming, that 'he was the true inventor of that machine ? C~rtainly ilot. Has the plaintiff then- taken, or could be have taken, such an oath in this case ? Most assuredly he could not; because the pri ribed forra of the oath

OF THE UNITED STATES.

47%

is, that he is the inventor of tlie art, machine, or manufacture, for which he solicits -b patent. But'since the patent which he solicited was not for the hopperboy, but for-an iimprovement in the manufacture of flour, he might, with safety, have taken the oath prescribed by law, although he knew at the time that he was not the trae inventor of the hopperboy ; and thus. it would happen that he could indirectly obtain the benefit of a patent right to the particular machine, which he could not directly have obtained, without doing what it must be admitted, in this case, he had not done.
But this was not all. If the law had pr6vided for fair and original discoverers a remedy when their rights are invaded.by others, it had likewise provided corresponding protection to others, where he has not the merit. What judgment could the district court have rendered on a scire facias to repdal this patentf if. it had appeared that the plaintiff was not the. true ana original inventor o'f the hopperboy ? Certainly not that which the law has prescribed, viz. the repeal of the patent ; because it would be monstrous to vacate the whole patent, for an* invention of which the patentee was the acknowledged inventor, because he was not the inventor of one of the constituent parts of the invention, for which no grant is made. But the court would have no alternative, but to gi're such a judgment, or, in effect, to dismiss the scire facias; and if the latter, then the plaintiff would have beneficially the exclusive right to a machine, which could not be impeached in the way prescribed by ]av although it should be demonstrated that he was not either the true or the original inventor of it. And

1M8.'
Evans V.
Eaton.

181& % Evans
T,
Eaton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
supposing the jury 01ould be of opinion, and so find that the plaintiff was not the original inventor of this
machine, would not the court be prevented from deelaring the patent void, under the provisions of the
6th section of the law, for the reason assigned why the district court could Aot render judgment, upon a seire facias? Indeed -it might well be doubted whether the defence now made by the defendant could be supported at all in this action, (if this action could be maintained,) in as much as the defendant eannbt allege, in the words of the 6th section, that the ting secured y patent was not originally discovered by the -patentee, since, in point of fact, the thing patented was originally discovered by the patentee, although the hopperboy may not have been so discovered. But if this defence coula not be made, did not that circumstance afford a strong argument against this action ? If fhe plaintiff was not the inventor of the parts, he had no right to complain that the3 were used by others, if not in a way to infringe his right to their combined effect. If he was the original inventor of the parts which constitute the vhole discovery, or any of them, he might have obtained a separate patent for each machine )f which lie was the ori-
emiinventor. Upon the wbole, although the court gave no posi-
tive opinion upon this question, they stated that it was not to be concluded that this action could be supported, even if 'it were proved that the plaintiff was the
original inveltitor of the h~pperboy. But if an action would lie upon this patent for the 4iolation of the plaintiff's right tO, the hopperbby, still the plaintiff could not recover; if it had been shown to the satisfaction of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

jury, that he was not the origink discoverer of that

machine.

"Itappeared by the testimony of the defendant's.

witnesses, that Stauffer's hopper-boy was in use many

years before the alleged discovery of the plaintiff;

that the two machines differed from each other very

little in form, in principle, oi in effect. They were

both worked by the same power which works the

mill ; and they both stir, mix, cool, dry, and conduct

the flour to the bolting chest. -Whether the flights and

sweepers in the plaintiff's hopperboy were preferable

to the slips attached to the under part of the aim. in

Staufer's ; or whether, upon the whole, the former is

a more perfect agent in, the manufacture of flour than

the latter, were questions which the court would not

undertake to decide.; because, unless the plaintiff wa s the original inventor of the hopperboy, althbugh he

had obtained a separate patent for it, he could Jiot

recover in this action, however useful the improve.

ment might be, which he had made in that machine.

If the plaintiff had obtained a patent for his hopper-

boy, it would have been void, provided the jury should be of opinion, upon the evidence, that his. discovery

did not xtend to the whole machine, but merely to an impyovement on the principle of an, old one, and if this

hould be their opinion in the present case, the plain-

tiff could not recover.

It had been conte-,!ed by the plaintiff's counsef

that the defendant, having offered to -take a license

from the plaintiff, if he would congent to. rpduce the

price of it to forty dollars, he was hot at 1iberty td dqny

that the plaintiff is the 'original inventor of this ma

V*T.. I1.

6'

48
1818 Evans
V. Eaton.

1818. "ZE"annss
V. Eaton.

CASES IN THE SUPRKME COURT

chine. This argumrnt had no weight in it, not merely because the offer was rejected, by the plaintiff's agent, and was, therefore, as if it had not been made; but because the law prevents the plaintiff from recovering, if it appear on the trialthathe was not the original inventor. If the offer amounted to- an acknowledgment, that the plaintiff was th original 'inventor, (and further it could not go,) this might be used'as evidence of that fact, but it would not. entitle the plaintiff to a verdict, if the fict proved to be other-

wise.

The plaintiff's counsel had alto strongly insisted,

-tatunaer the equity of the tenth section of the law,

the defence set up in this case ought not to be allow-

ed after three years from the date of the patent. This

argument miaht. perhaps, with some propriety, be ad'

dressed to the legisliture, but was improperly urged

to the court. The.law had declared, that in an action

of this kind, the defendant may plead the general issue,

and give-in evidence that the plaintiff was not the or-

of the malchine for which the patent was

ginal'inventor The legislature

has

not thought

proper to

granted.

limit this defencein any manner ; and the court could

not do it, But what seemed to be conclusive of this point was,
that the argument would tend to deceat altogether the provision of the sixth section, which authorises -thisdefence to be made; for, if it could not be set up after three years from the date of the patent, it would be in the power of the patentee to'avoid it altogether, by forbearing to bring suits until after tle expiration of.that period. And thun, although the law has care-

O' THE UNITED STATES,

fully provided two modes of vacating a patent improvidently grdnted, the patentee, tfiough not the original inventor, and, however surreptitiously" he may 'have obtained his patent, may secure his title to the exclusive use af another's invention, if he can for three vears xaoia an inquiry into the validity of his title.
The last point was, that Stauffer's,invention was abandonedandi consequently, might be appropriated by the plaintiff. But if Stauffer was the original inven-
t6r of the hopperboy, and those not to lake a patent for it, it became public property by his abandon, ment ; nor could any other person obtain a patent for it, because no other person would be'the o-iginal inventor.
To this charge the -plaintiff'scounmsel excepted.

J818* Evans
, v., Eaton.-

Mr. C. J. Ingersol, for the plaintiff, premised, that this patent granted an exclusive right for fourteen y'ears in the improvement in the art, by means of the five machines, and for the several machines, the peculiar prperties .of each 'in its practical results, and the improvement of the art by the co-mbination of the whole. The proof of this position is, that the defendant uses the precise machine, copied from the plaintiff's publication,' and offered to pay for it; but they differed in price, -which led to the contesting the originality of the plaintiff's invention.
1. It is said; in the charge of the court below, that the action is founded on the patent, which contains no grant of a right to the several machinesi but is confined to the improvement in the art, by 'means of tbhose machines. The patent is to be made out in the

Feb. t6Ik.

94 1818. Ev Eaton.

. CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
manner and form prescribed by the general act. What are thiit manner and form? By recitinz the allega. tions and suggestions of the petition ; giving a short
description of the invention, or discovery; and there-
upon granting an exciusive right in the said ,invention, or discovery., The manner and form of these letters patent are a recital -6f, 1st. The citizenship of the patentee. 2d. The hilegations and suggegtions of the p'etition, as to b6th the improvement and the ma'chines in a short description, ieferrinr to the annexed schedule for one more full iind particular in the inventor's own ,words. 3d. That he has petitioned -agreeablyto the special act. 4th. A grant of the said improvement.-*-The description must be short and referential. It must be a description. By the first ,section of the act of the 10th of Aoril, 1790, ch. :34, it was to be described clearly, truly, and frlly; perhaps because the board, constituted by that law, was to decide whether they deemed 'the discovery or invention sufficiently useful or important for letters patent. The patent by express rdference, adopts the special act in extenso. The connecting terms which .and said, bind the whole to the granting clause; the allegations and suggestions recited are part. of the grant ; the machines are the means of every end, particular as well as general; nor can therebe any practical result without them. To confine such a patent to one general result from a combination of the whole machines, nullifies it. Itis never so.in practice, and would operate infinite injustice in other cases. 2. .But the s.chedule is part of the patent in all -ease# '

'OF THE 'UNITED STATES,

43.

in this case it is esnecially' so. By the act- of 1760, ch. 34, s. 6. the patent, or specif2ications are primafacie pioof of every thing -which it is incumpbent on the plaihtiff to establish ; and by the existing law, the specification is consideled as explanatory of the terms used in the patent, so as to limit or enlarge the grafit.s But it is said in the 'grant, that 'the schedule annexed is made part of the patent. 'It is made so by the, publie agent to avoid trouble, litigation, and unnecessary recitals. The petition, schedule, atid description, are all referred to, and incorporated with the patent. , What does the law mean by a recital of allegations and suggestions ? What more can a petitioner do-than allege and suggest ? He cannot shape or prescribe the manner and form of the grant. The -charge denies that the schedule, at anyrate is more than descriptive of the maehine., or that it would confer any. right, even if claimed in the patent. But'if no right would be conferred by insertionin the grant itself, what becomes cf the argument which ascribes sucb:._potency- to the grant? The charge says, the grant 43r, only be for the discovery as recited and described in the patent and spect.jcation. "'ihe grant'is not for the, parts, because it is for the vhole ; not in their rudiments or elements not for wheels, cogs, Qr weights, nor for wood, iron, or leather,; but for the pectinar properties, the new and useful .practical results from ;each machine, and the vast improvements from their comaniition in this art. The harge supposes it, impossible to obtain a patent

1818.
tyans
v. Eaton.,

a Whittemoreov. Cutter, "IGalls. 487.

gCASES

IN THP SUPREME COURT

1818. ~he Evans
v. Eaton.

for a hepperboy, unless the plaintiff could swear that invented that machine. But the oath is not a
material, or at least$ not an indispensable prerequisite.a 3. The special act for the relief of the plaintiff, de-
cides him.to be the inventor of the machines and im" pravements for which he has obtained a patent. By the constittition, art. 1. s. 8,, congress have t6dver to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings -and discoveries This has been done by cbngress in the instance of the plaintiff, The special act is an absolute grant to him, binding on all the community, and pre-
cluding any inquiry into the originality of the invention.. It include§ a monopoly in his invention, discovery, and improvements in the art, aftd in the S'everal machines discovered, invented, improved, and applied, for that purpose., The patent is to issue on a simple' application in writing by the plaintiff, *ithout any prerequisites of citizenship, oath, fee, or petition, specification and description to be filed. The act of 1793, ch. 156, requires all these, and then grants a patent for invention or discovery; whereas this grant is for tuat, and for improvements in the art, and in the several machifiei. It is a. remedial act, 'and should receive a liberal construction to effectuate the intentions of the legislature.b The patent is as broad as the law, if the grant be governed by the recital. Its construction is to be against the grahtor, and according to the intent,;

a Whittemore v. Cutter, I 'Gallis,433. b Whittemore v. Cutter, I Gallis, 430.

OP THE UNITED STATE&8

481

nor is it to be avoided by subtle distinctions: if thereare two interpretations) the sensible one is to be adopted,.c 4. The improved hoppeboy of the plaintiff is the only new and useful discovery which wa in -evL dence in the case; t"0 court misconstrued the law in their charge in this respect, inasmuch as theftrue construction of it is not that the patentee shall be the 'frst and original ciscoverer of a.patentable thing, but "the true inventor" of such'a thing; that such a thing was truly discovered and patented without kvowledge-of its prior use, or public employment, or existence: more especially -where; as in the present instance, f1le coritroversy is not between conflicting patents, but'between the true patentee, of a new and useful pateritabie thing, and a person defending himself against an infringelnent, )n'the plea of its prior use by third persons who bad no pafent, and whose discovery, even ifproved, was'of a thing nver in use or public existence,.but in total di'suse. The' stat. 21. Jac. 1. chl 3,s. 6. an. 1623, granis the monopoly "of the sole working or makiig of any manner of new manufactures, withiji this realm, to the true and first inventor and inventors of such manufactures, whicl others at the ti*me of making such'grant, shall not ise," &c. It is covtended,, under. our law,*that the utility isto be asertained as well as. the originality; and that.this,-as well as.that, is partly
a question for the. jury. The thing phtentaole must be usefid as well as- new.. The =efil"thing paiented drevails over one, not useful nor 'patented, though ir

1818. Ev Eaton.

a Jenk.,Ont. 1313. Eystor Y.Studd, ,P1od.467. The U. IRv..Fisher, 2 Crancj. 386. 399.

asCASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. provious parti'al existence. This is not the case of Eva ns Sconflicting patentees ; and to destroy this patent, the
Y. previous use must appear, there being no pietence of Eaton, description in a public,work. The title of the act is
"for the promotion of the useful arts." The first section speaks of "any new andjaeful arts," not known or used, &c. The sixth, of that which "hiad been 'n use, or described in some public woik anterior to the supposed discoveryJ' What-'degree of use does the law exact ? a use knour or described in a public work. Not merely an e xperimental, or essaying; nor a"clandestine, nor obscure use. It must be useful, and in use, perhaps in known, if not public us.e; something equivalent to filing a specification off record. Now here utility was lost sight 'of ir search of novelty. It seemed to be taken for granted, that pro' ihg the pre-existence of an unpatented hopperboy defeated. the . plaintiff's patent. The desuetude of the rival hopperboy 'from inutility ;as·established, The question was between a new and useful patented machine, and an useless and, obsolete' .9ne never patented; and which, not being useful, never could be patented. But that the patentee's is useful'nobody questions. At all events, the question of fact, whether 'in 'use, should have been left to the jury. The jury are substituted for the board, whichb' under the first law, was to decide -whether the supposed invention was "sufficiently useful. and important" for a patent. The coust below suppose Stnuffer to have given his discovery to the public. But it fell into disuse; there w~s no-. thing to sive. Stauffer did not know its value : if he

OF THE "UNITED STATNS4

a¢d albandoned i field with unknown'tfeasure in the
ground could he afterwards claim the treasure-?a5 The defendant's testimony of the ue of hopjperboys
in mill&, not specified in his notice, was erroneously admitted. The objitt of the provision- 'in he 6th section of the patent law of 1793, ch. 156, was to simplify the proceedings, and to enable the'defendant to give in evidence undei his notice, what he would
otherwise be obliged to plead specially.. ,The suffi-. ciency of the notice is, therefore, to be tested by the rules of 'special ple~ading; which, though techiicalr, are founded in good sense and natural just.ice, and are intended to put the adverse party,dn his guard a; tQO
.What the other intends to rely upon 'in his defenc'' Put such a notice as this could not 'answer that pdirpose.-6. The plaintiff's testimony of the 'payment for licenses to use his impf6ved hopperboy, ought not to have been rejected. It ought to have been adinitted as circumstantial evidence entitled-to some
weight.

I1.
.}vans v.
'Eato-

Mr. Ropkinison and Mr. Se~gean, contra. 1. Tbe
admissibility of evidence tf the'iise ' of thb -hopper.. boy_, anterior to the plaintitf's .alleged.invention, in mills not spec'ifically mentioned in the notice, deperids
upon'the conWtkuctfon that may be given tothe Oth section of the act of the 21st of February, 1793,.ch.'
"156; taken in connection 'ith the n6tice. This secti6n is gubliituted for the 6th sectibn of'the act of the
'10th 'of April, '1790, ch.' 34. 'The ofce of th'e se,,

a 'Grotiu -de J. B9.ac. P. U $. 'ch: 20, '.28'

VOL. II. "

C3.

9DCASS

IN TH UPREME COURT

8J8. tion, in each of these acts, is tvo fold: 1st. To state what shall constitute a defence. 2d. To state the
V. * manner in which, the defendant may ayail himself cf Z-aton. it. And whatever difficulties may exist (if any there
be) in ,he construction of the -ection, arise fiora the combinatioa of this two-fold obje,'t. That this was the object -of the section is petfe:tl oLvious. The general issue would he a denial of the ailegition contemplated by the 5th section of the act of 1793, and the 4th of the act of 17U0. If the acts had stopped there, it is manifest that the d~fendant could have had no defence, but what waz legally within the scope of the general issue. The 10th section would not have availed him, becau-e, the limitation of time, and the grounds for repealing a patent upon a scirefacias,are ,totally different from'those, which ought to constitute a defence to the action. The patent may be opposed, in an action, upon the ground that the paitentee is not ,the original irventor; but it can be rcpealed only upon the ground that he is not the trae inventor. Fraud (proof that it was surreptitiously obtained) i .the necessary basis ihthe one case ; but erior and mistake is equally available 'in the o'her. Neither could the defendant avail himself of the provisions in the prior part of' the act: For, these are merely d:rectory, azfd th'ey terminate in the provision-made by the 5th section, which would have been conclusive. The 6th section is, therefore, a proviso to the 5th.
The 6th section of the act of 1790, made the patent .rimafacie evidence only, which would have opened
the inquiry as to the truth of the invention. It'appears, t en tkqat tlleobject of the prIoviso was, in the first place,

OP THE UNITED STATS,
to settle what should consitute a defence. These matters would nothave been within the scope of the general issue, by the rules of pleading. They wotLld have presented the subject of a special plea in bar. The act, therefore, at the same time provides, that they may b'e given in evidence under the general issub. The design, in this respeet, was to sate the Ilecessity of special pleading an' the one hand, and on the otter, to give a reasonable notice. Does, the lav require the
evidence to be set out? No ; -and yet; if surprise is to be fully guarded against, this ought certainly to be stated, in order that the plaintiffnmay prove that, it is false, or proceeds from corrupt witnesses, &c.* Is' it then necessary that al the particulars'should be 'given the sta'te, county, township, town, stree.square, number of the house? The law does not r~quire it. What certainty, then, is required in tie notice ? The answer is obtained by PIcertaining the u'se ahd intention of the section, whkli, were to save the necessity of spe cial pleading. What then" must be aileged in a spe, cial plea? Not the evidence or facts, but the- matter of defence, which may be that the plaintiff was not the true inventor, but that the invention was before hid supposed discovery. You must state what is the ground and esgence of the defence, and nothing more ; all else is surplussage. E. G. That the plaintiff Was not the true inventoi of the hopperboy, but the ame ,was in use, prior to his sup-.
posed discovery, at ti6 mill f .A. Now its -being
in use at the mill of 4. is not of the qssence of che defence, for it is as good if used at the millf B.: the essence is, that it was used before Tho defend-

I 1811.
v. n

99
1618.
Evans"
v.n Eaton.:

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

ant then would be entitled to lay the place under a

'j,idelic

t, and of course would not be obliged'to prove the law did

it, but might prove any other. If, then,

not mean to increase the difficulty of the defendant,
the same raf be done in a notice. Consider the in. conveniences of a contrary practice. A machine ha.s
been used in a foreign country : the country- town, apd place, may be -unknown. Shall I, therefore, be deprived of the benefit of riy invention ? Again, it is known. I am bound to give thirty'days notice before tial and no more. C6 bono, that I should mention a town or place in England ? "The intention is, that the. plaintiff shall come prepared to prove where his invention was made, and not to disprove the defendant's evidence ; that he shall have notice of the kind
of defence iiitepded, in order that he may shape his. case accordingly. If notice is given that the defend.ant will. give in evidence. that the plaintiff's machine vas, usedibefore. 'his supposed discovery, this is no tice of special matter, tending fo prove- that it was not -invented by him.. The law does not require a statement .or descriptign of the special matter, but notice that spcial matter will be given in evidence,* tending -to prove certain facts. There is no reciprocity iin the contrary rule. The declaration isgeneral ; it does not' specify the., date of.the invention, the place of thP invention, nor the evideice or .facts by which the originality and truth of the invention are- to be proved. Yet these are all extremely important to the delendant, to enable him to prepare his defence. As to the. breach, it'is equallv general; it does not state
t4a,, e.gcept asa me.xe matter of form. by whiqh

OF THE UNITED STATES.

49

the plaintiff is not bound. It does not state the place. except by the very liberal description necessary for the venue, but which is not at all binding.. And,. finalr 'ly, the rule contended for is impracticable,,ponsist rently with the purposes of justice; for it may, without. any fault of the defendant, deprive him of thbe henest of a' perfectly good defence, upon a,mere requisitiop of form, which he cannot -possibly comply with. The. q-r tice states that the use of the hopperboy at a numbei. qf mills, specially described by the state, cqmunty,. Ind name of the proprietor, "and at sunctryother plaqes inm Lg said state of Pennsvlvania, me state of Maryland, and,elsewhere iri the Trlited S.tates." It is. ot alliged nor could it'be, that the' defendant h'ad the know.lefgp that would have enabl.ed him. tR extend the, sp..qip5 tion. Noi is it allegdl, that he qoud, laye, acqi.ii. - the knowledge, 'by any 6xertion he mizht have'Me-. on the coritrary,, thb course he has taken is indiat.iveqof perfectly fair in.ention. The exception is, that th de-,
fendant was.permittei to give evidence that th.e h.q perbpy "lhad been used at sundry other mills inenr.. sylvania," preGisely in the words of thb noti, To susiain this exception, then, the court must declce,tht this cannot in any case be dpne. But if it capno! bp shown, that in a single supppsable case, this would.
work injubtice and defeat the law, it is aufficient. Now it is very clear, that in many. cases,. this maybe,. precisely the state of the party's knowle.,dge, and-all hp. can obtain, and it.may be precisely the state of the,evi"
dence.' Suppose i witness shQuld 'know that hop. boys were used in sundry mills, but npt their nrecisp !a-

1I "
., Etqu0

M
1818. E"~""rnans
Y. katon.

CASES fl4 THE SVPREMP, COURT,
cal situation, name of owner, &c. Or, suppose he should have seen a hopperboy that bore the most evident marks of having been used in a mill, or mills. The effect of such evidence is quite another question; its competency and relevancy are for the court; its credibility, and the inferences of fac: that are to be made from it, are for the jury. The-same supposition would apply to its having been described in a public work* It is necessary to give fhe title of the book, name of the author, and number of the edition ? This may be'impracticable. The defendant may have a witness who has seen the thing in us in a foreign country, and not be able to give a single particular; or who has seen it described in a foreign work, of which he can give no further account. Such evidence, if credited,, would be
entirely conclusive; anA -yethe could have no benefit of it bedausj he had not 4one wvhat was impossible. But even if the witness knows"all these particulars, the defendant has-no'means of conipelling him to disclose them before the trial. The rules of pleading aim to es ablish a convenient certainty on the record, by giving the party otice of what is alleged, and furnishing evidence of *hat has been decided. In _nany instances, they fall short of this, their aivowedl design; in none do they go beyondit. For the purpose of preventing surprise, they are wholly ineffectual; they give no notice of particular facts, of evidence of witnessds. The corrective of the
evil, if'evil there be, is to be fouid in the exercise of the general 'superintending authority of the court, applied to cases where there may really be surprise or fraud. So in this case, if there really had been sur-

OTflW -UNITED STATt$,
prise, (fraud is out of the question,) the court had the power to grant a new trial. This power is an .mpl.y suffidieat corrective': and it. existence affords a deei-
sive answer to the argument drawn from the possible injustice that may be done-2. The exception to the refusal to admit evidenceot doie - pyment,for. the use oflicenses,,will be easily disposed of. Thefact to be establishedon the one side, and disprpved on the .pther, was, that the hopperboy was in use before the alleged invention or discovery of Evans.. The evidence offered had no bearing"whalever uponthe -ques . tion of fact. If believed, it went no farther than to show, that those who had paid, thought it best to pay. a decision that might*be equally prudent, whether the fact was, or was not, as allegecl. Such testimony would be more objectionable than the opinion- of the witness ; for it would be only presumptive proof of opinion, without the, possibility of examiniig its grounds. .As opinion, it would be inadmissible;..as evidenceofop'niort, it would be still more objectionable:-3., The plaintiff's patent can only be con'sidered in one of three points of view. .1st. As a' patent for the improvement in the art of manufacturi3g flour; that is, for the combination. 2d. As a patent forthe combination, and also for the several maohihes; that is, a joint an-1 several patent. 3d. As a patent simply for the several machines. 'It is very'olear that the
patent itself is. for the combination only; though. it is, equally cear, that by, the terms of the law, ne night have obtained a pafent for the whork and also for the ,severd.-Parti. Thit .this is the necessary construction

49
18,p8. :
.v. ·
Ezgon.

iSLS. Evvq0n"s.
Eaton.

CASES IN THE SUPRIME COURT.
of the patent, is plain from the patent itself, taken in connection with the gct of thle 21st of January,
O1808,'6h. 117. The act authorizes a.patent to be is sued for his "imiproveraentsin the art of manufacturing 11bur, and'in'the several inachines, &c. The matters are plihly difereht. They are the subject of ,is"tinct patents, to be obtained 'in the "manner and fodrm" prescribed by the act of 1793, ch. 156., "Thebbject of the special act, 'was to put Evans ,pon the stin6 footing as if his former patrnt had not 'lenisisuea ; but it did not mean to dispense with any of the requisites of the general law. With the gener.'a" requisite (that he was the inventor) it could not dispens.; the constitution did not permit it. By the generki'law, mrprbvement in an art,, and improvement Jn a nachinef are distinct patentable objects. This patent 's 6nly for the improvement in the art of manifacturing flbur, and thi .recital of 'the special act,, and'tlie woras "which" and "said" do not at all fie1 'it. It is trUe, it is an improvement operated by means of the iachines, buz not exclusively. The result may'be ascured, without securitig the nieans. Tfili' patent was granted t6 the plaintiff; Was receivby Min ; and must be presumed to be according to :hbis apprlication and his oath. The oath 'is, that he i the true inventor of the "inpovement above specified ;" which rerm is applied in the specification, as in the patent, only to the art. But, it is said the specificMidn is a part of the' patent, and limits, or en-. lUrges'if, as the case may be. Mr. Justice Story, 'ih the case *hich lhas bqen cited, only 'says, that the spe-

OF TAE UNIEID STAkTES.
cification may control the generality of the patent;a. I8$ But the specification, in the case now before the court, does not claim the machines. If the patent was for v. a aombination, the plaintiff's action was gone; he could Eaton. not maintain- it against a person using one of the machines.. If the -patint was for the combination, and also for the-several machines, that is-a joint and" severalpatent, then the patentee might proceed upon it as. theone or the other, accordingto.the nature ofthe-allege&invasion. If he proceeded upon it for A breach of the right to the combination, he- must show the originailty. of invention, and might be defeated b" opposite -proof" If for a breach of the right. to any one of'the machines, he might be - defeated by, showing that hewas not the original inventor of the mitchine.. So if it tie consider, ed a several patent, that is, as if he had five distinct patents.. But, in no-conceivable caseI can' he stand upon any but. one 6f these three grounds, nor claim-to. have the, benefit of a larger, or eveA.of-a.different patent. -4. From-this analysis, which-is~neqessary to pre,. v~nt confasion, we-come to, inquire into the na ture.of tbke case presented to the court for .4ecision, ,and to wh~lh, thp charge was to'be applied ;,premnising, lgt, That nofexceptioncan be taken tovhat the co .T.'vdid, not give in charge to the jury; anil .2dUy., T#t-no excepti6n. can be taken -tp, an opinip, however, erroneoi* that hW, no ,bearing,,upon thh iJsq -to .be deoided by thejury. It i ,appnreat.froqp th,.record, thatt. action of thew plqintiff ws--founded .upon the "sIeged-

a Whittemore v. Cutter; I:Gflfrt?7.--

Vol.. IL

64

98CASES

IN THE SUPREME ,COURT

151I. use, by the defen'dant, of a machine, called a hopper-

Sboy, of which the plaintiff claimed to be the inventor;

V. Eaton.

that the'evidence on both sides applied to this allegation, and-to this alone;' the plaintiff claiming to be

the inventor, -and the' defendant denying it. The charge of the court noticed the several arguments that

had 'been used at the bar, and examined the gene-

ral qpestion as to the charactei of the patent; upon

whicli however, as it had not been discussed, no

opinion was Igiven. This is clebtr;' for if an optnion

had been expressed, it must have been that the tction

was not maintainable. Nothing short of that would tave been material Bat the court, left the case. to

the jury, -as' 6f an actiori that was maintainable, and-

iristructed them -as to the pritciples by which it wat to

be decided; vhich nezatives the conclusion of any

opitiion htving -bee& givbn, that the 'etion was not

-maintaihiable. H the -defendant had requited the

c,,trt' P arge'that the action was not Maintainab!d, and they had, har~ed that it was, ot' declined, to charge' at"alf, he woul*,have hed' ground, o 1 exc 14.

tion. But the plaintiff' 66not corn lain, beeause- h

has whaot Is equivalent tb a- decivioa iif. his 1iour-'-

51. Tht,itatute of-Jabes; (- ac, I. c. j.)i A- Y. i9."

cftifined&monop llts t'-the first and truedi'tentofs 6F

manufacttres t6t knnh, or. used bet6re. O&nI t

died:and sevendy' yegte had elseed 4htnt oukti agfd-L

ew;, commerce and the oit had, made sudli adlinv

ce4 such, facilities 'ba been- created, fort th6 (UlfftirIl

of- knowledge, that every thing known by use, or

described i

~bo),.nigbi be considered, as common

property. It would have. bhen strange to adopt wdlf-.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ferent -principle. The act of .'congress does not. -It is a mist'ake t suppose there is in this respect any difference between the act of congress and the act, of parliament. One says "useful" : inventions, the other CCnew aid useful ;" but both have the expressions "not
used or known, before." A patent can only be upon an allegation that {he applicant has invented sometbing new and useful. Its novelty may certainly be questioned ; perhaps its usefulness. But where the defence is, that the'thing was known or used before, is it vecessa. ry to prove the usefulness of the thing so known or used? The act does not require it; nor is there any good reason why the patentee should be permitted to controvert it.

.
Evauj v.
Eaton.

Mr. Harper, in reply, insisted, 1. That the court below had erred in admitting testimony of the use of the plaintiff s machine in mills not specified in the noti.e. The statute was not framed with a view to the benefit of the defendant alone. 'rhe notice to be
given, is not that vague, indistinct, general noticeI which is set up on the other side, It must be an eff ctual, useful notice; such a. notice as may put the
patentee on his guard, and enable him to see what are the precise grounds of defence. It must be mbr6 specific'than a mere transcript of the particular class
of grounds of-defence, such as suppression of parts,
redundancy, &c. The circumstances of the tmW, the, place when and where used, and by what per. sons, are essentially necessary in order to enable the patentee' to meet the defence. The burthe. of proof is, in effect,. thrown upon the patentee ; and the liw

O.ASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

180t "
:Evans
T.
Eat'oj.

intedded that he should, meet it -fairly. *Such a notice as that given in this case would, not be good, if
put into the form of a special plea. The degree of certainty required in a .lea, in the statement of the
time and place when -and where material facts have happened, is one of the most difficult questions of the law.'; but- these circumstances 'must always be laid, and must be proved as laid, whenever it is.essential to enable the other party to maintain his case. rhere is a distinction betiieen the matter of defence and the evidence by which' it'is to be nidintained. A notice of the particulars of the evidence is not required, but of the time and place where the former 'use -of 4he machine in- question occurred. Nor is' this unreason-. able ;' for 'it is highly improbable that any body would be able. totestify as to the minute particulars of in invention- without being able to- remember in what
wdrk;: Ike had .-seen it described, "or to state in what place and ,at what time he 'badseen it'used.-2. The special act for fhe plaintiff 's relief is a distinct, -substafitive:'in iependent grant, Jeclaring 'the phiintiff to be the, original inventoi, and as such, entitled to t 'patent. It. contains no rdference to the general patent law, nor does i reseive ahy right in others to contest
the -origiiality 'of his.-in'ehtion. The defendant, therefore, cannot say that 'the plaintiff is not the inventor, though he may deny that he-has violated the p.laitiff-s rights as inventor. Congress is not-cvonfined by the constitution to any particular mode of de,termining the fact who are inventois or authors. It is true, a patdnt or -copyright can only be granted to An inventor or author; lut the .originality of the in-

mW THE UNITEM. STATgM.

·vention 'or ,authorshil may be determined "by 'eft- 438M&

gress itself; upon such testimony as it deems. suli- '

'

cient ; or by an administrative act, 'by the decision of I.

-some board br executive 'officer'-; or, lastly,' by a'-judi. .

'cial -investigation - according: as the legislative'."wiJl

'may prescribe either of these several moileg. The

,act of wrliament. 15 Geo. 31 for the- relief-of Watt

and Boulton, *he inveators of the impioveil steam-

engine, and extending theterm of their patent'for

twenty-five, years, contained an-express provision that

'every objection in law competent against the .patent,' ishq'uld be competefit against the. act, "to all -inteats

'and purposes, except so far as relates'to the terd t'reb

granted."'a The act of congress 'for the relief of Oili-

'ver Evans coritains no -such provision. The con -

elusion, therefore, is, that the legislature' meant to

zquiet him in his claim, after he had so long enjoy-

ed it, and in -consideration of his peculiar' -ierits,

and of 'Iis' former pateht having been vacated for

,informalty.-3. The court below instructed the ju'.,

xy 'that-the patent was not for any one machine, but

for the combined 'effect of the tvho]e ; though they

concluded by leaving it upozr the prior, use, still' the

intimation that the action could not be maintained,

even though the prior- use was not proved,."did n6t

leave the fact to the jury free from bias. Though.

not a positive direction to the jury to find for the de-

fondant, it had the effect of a 'nonsuit. 'The wishes of the grantee, and the intention of the grantor, t?6th

extended, as well, to a patent for the sever'l machines,

a Hornblower v. Boulton, 8 71. R: 95. 97.

ti.
r Eaton.

OASES IN THE SUPREMSE COURT
as to a patent for, the combined effect of the whole The word " improvement," though in"the, singular num. ber, extends not only to the plaintiff's improvement in
the'art of manufacturing ilour but to his improvement in the several machines by means of which the operaions 6f the art are conducted. This was a platent for an Iimprovement an fjie particular machine in question, and not for its original invention, In this respect it is like that of Watt and. Boulton for their improvement 9n the steam-engine.-- 4 . The prior, use, which is to 4efeat a pntent, ought to he a public use. 'The defence .heres-et up, under the bth section of thp patent law of 1793, ch.'156, was, that the patentee was not the original discoverer, and.that the thing had been in use, &q., But how else could it be shown that he was not the discover- r, but by showing that it had before been ii public uge? A mere secret furtive use would not disprove the fact of his' being the original discoverer. If this were so, then the art of printing and gun-powder were not invented in Europe, because they had been before Vsed in a sequestered corner of the globe, like China. But there is a distinction between a fitst discovery and an original discovery. The art of printing, was originally discovered in Germany, thou'gh it was first invented, in China. So the ,plaintiff would not cease to 'be the original inventor of the hopperboy, even if it had been proved that another similar machine had-been efore privately used in a single mill, It ought, therefore, to have been left to the jiiry to find for the plaintiff, if they believed that the use
was a secret use,

OF THE'UNITED STATES.

Mr. Chief Justice MARsHALiL dblivered the opinion If*1

of the court. In this case exceptions weie taken in the circuit

E~ans
*,

court, by the co.unsel for the -plaintiff in error,

Eaton.

lat. To the opinion of the court, in admitting teti- March7th.

mony offered by the defendant in 'that court.

2d. Totits opinion in,rejecting testimony offered by

the plaintiff in that court. 3d. To the charge delivered by the judge to the

jury.

"Whatis -suff-

Under the 6th section of the act for the promotioti cient notice un of useful arts, and to repeal the act heretofore made der the 6th*cc

for that purpose, the defendant pleaded the general tent law of

1793,ch.156,of

issue, and gave notice that he would prove at the trial, the prior use

t td

of the thing

that the improved hopperboy, for the use of which, pateted.

without license, this. suit was instituted, had been

used previous to the alleged invention Qf the said Evans

in several places, (which were specified in the notice,)

or in some of fheih, "and also at sundry other places

in 'Pennsylvania, Maryland, and elsewhere in the Uni-

t d States." Having given-evideace as to-some of the

places-specified in the notice, the defendant offered' ev-

idence as to some other places not ,sitecified. Thi' ev"

idenwe %asobjected to by the plaintiff, but admitted by'

the court; to which admission the plaintiff's counsel

excepted," 'hue- 6th-geption of the dat appeafg to be drawn- on,
the idea, that the diefendant".ouldnot be-at liberiy to contesv the-valiflity of 'the' pthtdbt on the ge*eral, issue. It thererore ihtendi" t&-relieVb tlle'deenddnt fdfni (hd' diicultiesi of,Piniig, 'whbn - it allows him. to give -irr.

ICASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

1816. evidence, matter which does affect the *patent. But

*~'~"the notice is directed for the security of the plaintiff,-

kan,
,.

and to protect him akainst that surprise to which he

Eaton. might be exposed, from an Unfair use of this privilege.

Reasning merely on the words directing this notioe, it might be difficult to defiie, with absolute preci-

sion, what it ought to inelude, and what it :might omit. There are,'however, circumstances in the act which. may ha've Some influence6on this point. It has

been already observed, that the notice is substituteF lor a special.plea; it is farther to be observed, that it is a substitute to'*hich the defendant is not obliged to resort. The notice is to be given only when it is, intended 'to offer the 'special mrntter in evidence on the general issue. The defendant is -not obliged to

pursue this course. 'He miay still plead specially,.and then, the plea is the only notice which the- plaintiff can

claim. If" then, the defendant, may give in evidence' on a special plea the prior use of the machine at places not specified in his plea, it would seem tp follow that he may give .in evidence its use at places&

not specified in his notide" It is not believed that a plea would b'e defective, which did not sthte the mills

in which the machinery alleged to be previously used

W",. Place'd.

But there is still another view of this subject,

whidlh. deserves- to be considered. The section whirh"

directs this notice, also directs that if the special mat-

ter stated in the section ,be proved, ".judgment shall

be rendered for the defendant, with costs and the pa-

tent shall be- declared void." The notice might be-

intended not only forl the information of the plaintiffr

OF THE UNITED STATES.

but fur the purpose of spreading on the record* the 1818.

cause for which the patent was avoided. This object is accomplished by a notice which specifies the partic-
ular-matter to be proved. The ordinary powers of.the

v." Eaton.

court are sufficient to prevent, and will, undoubtedly,

be so exercised, as to prevent the patentee from being.

injured by the sur.prise.

This testimony having been adtnitted, the plaintiffTestinony on
the part of the
offered to prove tha·t the persons, of whose prior -use pthlaeinpteirfsf,ontsh,aotf of. the improved hopperboy the defendant had gtvenkwhoseiorusn

testimony, had paid the .plaintiff for licenses to use Mfthe afenane

finproved hopperboy in their mills since his patent. Thishad given evi-

dence,hadpaid

testimony was rejected by the court, on the motion Oftheplaintifffoi

licenses to use

the defendant,-and to-this opinion of' the cburt, also,his machine,

the plaintiff excepted.

oughtnotto
absolutcly re-

The testimony offered by the plaintiff was entitled jected, though

to verylittle weight, but oughf not to have been abso -_4etnlzeitlwedetiogvheLry

lutely rejected. Connected with other testim6ny, and

under some circumstances, even the opinion of a party

m~y be worth something. It is, therefore, -in' such P.

case. as-this, deemed mor-e'safe to permit'it to go to the

jury, subject, as all' testimony is, ' to the animadver-

sion of the court, than entirely to exclude it.

We come next to consider the charge delivered to

the jury.

*The errors alleged in this charge ruay he considered

rnder two heads :

1st. In construingthe patent to be solely for the gen-

eral result produced by the combination of all 4he ma-

thinery, and not for the several improved machines, as

well ai for the gen~ral result.

2d. That the jury must find for the'defendaft, if they

VL. III.

65

O0

CASES IN THE SUPREME CO'RT

Itt. E ans

should be of opinion, that t,he hopperboy was in useprior to the inveition of the improvement thereon by Oli-

,.

ver Evans.

Eaton. The construction of -he patent must certainly depen&

on the words of the instrument. 'But vlere, as in thii case, the words are- ambiguous, these may be circum-
stances whicb ought to have great ififluence in expounding them. The intention of the parties, if that intention can be collected from sources which the principJes of law permit us to explore, are entitled' ta great consideration. But Def6re we proceed to this investigation, it may not be improper to notice the exlent of the authority under which this grant was

issued.

wh-. The authority of the executive to make this grant, is

the general, patent laiawte,teanrnltdatnfrom the act

makn~rtsimrodrpavrdinnftffrhee-- dfoerritvheed-refrloiemf of Oliver Evans. O t g

p

ratt niacbines law alone, a doubt might well, arise, whether improve-

call be inclu- men ts on different machines could regularly be compre-

ded inthesanic
pten trsiogaht'ttooliended in

the

same

patent,

so

as

to

give'

a

right

to

the

Kzvea

tutse oCfXsCeIvuMeral exclusive use of the several machines separately, as

iaetchines se- well as a right to the exclusive use of those niachines

paey as inAn

well

eaxasctnhe combination.

And if such a patent would be irreg-

tlioossievme auchseineolsfr n.ar it 'vould certainly furnish an argument of no in-

in combina- considerable weight against the construction. But the mboawy ebve'etrhet tion? ahcist ".a. ct for the relief of Oliver Evans," entirely roemf sotvaetes forthereiiefoftis doubt. That act authorizes the secretarv

"tOlive Evnto issue a patent, granting to the said Oliver Evans the k se. full and exclusive right, in his invention, discovery,
and improvements,in the art of manufacturing fiur, and

0F THE UNITED STATES.

-n the several machines which he has invented,.dis- 1618.

covered, improved, and appli'd to that purpose.

Of the authority, then, to make this patent co-exten-

sive with the coristruction,for wvhich the plaifitiff'scoun- Eatoa

sel conteads, there can he no dohubt,

The next object of inqcuiry is, the intention of the Intention of

the paries to

partiesso far as it mny bfe collected from sources tohe. patent -

which itis allowable to resort.

"o.E

The parties are the governkaent, acting by its agents,

apd Oliver Evans.

The intention of the government. may be collected-

from the "act for the relief of Oliver .Evins." That

act not only-confers the authority to issue the grant,

but, expresses the intention of the legislature re-

tspecting its extent. It . may fairly be inferred from

it, that the legislature intended, the patent .to include

both the general result, -and the particular improved

machines, if such should be the wish of 'he appli-

cant. That 'the executive officer intended to make,

the patent co-extensive with the appfication. of 0b-

er Evans, and with the special act, is to be inferred

from the reference to both in the patent itself. If,

therefore, it shall be satisfactorily shown from his ap,

plication, to have been tne intention of Oli~er Evans

to obtain a patent including both objects, that must be

presumed to have been also the intentionof. the grant-

or.

The first evidehce cf the intention of Oliver Evans is

furnished by the act for his relief. The fait presump-

tion is, that it conforms to his wishes ; at least, that it

does not transcend them.

The second, is his petition to the secretary of statev

181t.
Iv ,aton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
which speaks of his'having discovered certain 'useful improvements, and prays a patent for them, "agreeably to,the act of congress, entitled, an act for the relief of Oliver Evans." "This application is for a patent.co-extensive with the act.
This intention is further manifested by his specification. It is not to be denied, that a part of this specification would indicate hn intention to consider the combined operation of all his machinery as a -single "improvement, for which he solicited a patent. But the vhole taken together, will not admit of this exposition. The several machines are described with that distinctness which would be used by a person intending to obtain a patent for each. In his number 4 which contains the specification of the drill, he asserts 'his claim, in terms, to the principles, and to. all the machines he had specified, and adds, "they may all be united and dombined in one flour-mill, to produce ,my :improvement in thb art of manufacturing flour complete, or they maybe used separately for any of the purposes specified and allotted to them, or to produce my improvement in part, according to the eircuinstances 'of the case."
Being entitled by law to a patent for all and Iach of his discoveries ; considering :himself, 'as he avers in his specihcation and affirmation, as the inventor of each of these improvements; understanding, as he d'6lares he did, that they might be used together so as to proluce his improvement complete, or separately, so as to produce it in part ;-nothing can be more improbable,, han that Oliver Evans intended to obtain a -patent solely for their combined operation. His atfi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

mAation, which is annexed to his specification, confirms; 11M

this reasoning. To the -declaration that he is the in- E- vht ventor of these improvements, he adds, "for which he ,.

solicits a patent."'

I

With this conviction of the intention with Which it

was framed, the instrument is to' be xamined.

The patent begins with a recital, -that Oliver Evans conmtetion

had alleged himself to be the inveritor,, of a new and otof Oth.EeE.atnt

useful improvement in the art of manufacturing flbur,

&c. by the means of several machines, for a description

of which reference is made to his specification.

It will nbt be denied, that if the allekation of Olivet

Evans was necessarily to be understood as conformifii

to this recital, if our knowledge of it was to be derived

entirely from this source, the, fair congtruction wofild

be, that his app!ication was singly for the exclusive

right to that improvement which was produced by the

combined operation of his machinery. But in constru-

ing these terms, the court is not confined to their most

obvious import. The allegation made -by Oliver

Evans, and here intended to be recited, is in his peti-

tion to the-secretary of state. That petition is embod-

ied in, and becomes a p:irt of the patent. It explains

itself, and controls the words of reference to it. His

allegation is not "that he b.hs invented a new and use-

Tul improvement," but that he has discovered' certai

-useful improvements. Thewords used by the depait-

ment of state in reciting this- allegation, must thdn be

expounded by the allegation itself, which is. made i

'art of the patent

The recital proceeds, "which improvement has hot

been known," &c. These words refer -clearly to

510
1IM %
V. ZF.404

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the improvement first mentioned and alleged in the petition of Oliver Evans, and are of course to be con-
trolled in like manner with the antecedent wor'l41y that petition. This part of the recital is concluded by adding, that Oliver Evans has affirmed, that he does verily belieye himself to be the true invettor or discov-
erer of the said improvement. But the affirmation of Oliver Evans, like his petition,
is embodied in the grant, and must, of course, 6xpound the recital of it. That affirmation is, that he does verily believe himself to be the true and original inventor of the imnrcvcrrctsccntained in his specifi-
tion.
In every instance, then, in which the word improvement is used in the sifngulir number throughout the part of recital of this pateni, it is used in reference to a paper contained in, the body of the patent, which corrects the term, and shows it to be inac-
curate.
The patent, still by way of recital, proceeds to add, Ccand agreeably to.the act of congress, entitled 'an act
for the relief of Oliver Evans,' which authorizes the secretary of state to secure to him, by patent, the exchsive right to the use of such improvement in the ai t of manufacturing flour an I meal, and in the- several macbines which he has discovered, improved, and applied to that purpose ; he has paid into the treasury, &c. and presented a petition to the secretary of state,' signifying a desire of obtaining an exclusive property in the said improvement, and praying that a patent may be granted for that purpose."

OF THE UNITtb STATES."

H

To what, do the words ."said iimprovement" relate? M10 The answer which has been given at the bar is entie Y dotuct., To tle improvement mentioned in the statute and in the, petition, to both of which .direct refetenee is mader ;But in.the statute, and in the-petition, the *Ord used is "improvements,"'in the plural. The ptttent, therefore, obviously affixed to the word im.provement, in the singular, the same sense in which h6 plural is employed, both in the statute and in tlie petition. We are compelled from the whqle context so to construe the word in every place in RThich it is sed in the recital, because it is constantly employed Vfth express reference to the' act of congress, or to s6rnb °document embodied in the 'patent, in each of which the pleural is used,
When, then,.the words "said iprovement ' are useld as a term of grant, they refer to'the words of the recital, which" hav:e been already noticed, and must be construed in the same sense. This construction ii rendered the more necessary by the subsequent words, which refer for a description of, tho improvement to the schedule. It also derives some weight from" the words "according to law," which are annexdd to the words of grant. These w6ds can refer onl to the general patent law, and to the " act 'for the relief of Oliver Evans." These acts, taken together, seem to require that th6 patent should'. conform to the specificatiop, affirmation, and petition of the applicant.
It would seem as if the claim of -Oliver Evans was rested at the circuit court, on the principle, that a grant for an improvement, by the combined. operatio a

14W ' T. *Ato]n.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of all the machinery, necessarily included a right to the distinct operation of each part, inasmuch as the whole comprehends all its parts. After very properly rejaztiiag this idea, the judge appears to have considered the
department of state, and the patentee, as having proceeded upon it in making out this patent. He supposed the intention -to be, to convey the excl ive right in the parts as well as in the whole, by a grant' of the whole; but as the means used are in law incompetent to produce the effect, he construed the grant according to his opinion of its legal operation.
There is great reason in this view of the case, and, this court has not discarded it without hesitation. But as to the grant, with the variou3 documents which form' a part of it, would be contradictory to itself; as these apparent contradictions are all reconciled by considering the word "improvement?. to be in the plural instead of the singular num'er; as it is apparent that this construction gives to the grant its full effecf; and thi.t the opposite construction would essentially defeat it, this court has, after much consideration and doubt, determined to adopt it, as the sound exposition of the instrument.
The second error alleged in the charge, is in directing the jury to find for the defendant, if they should be of opinion that the bopperboy was in use prior to the improvement alleged to.be made thereonby Oliver Evans.
This part of th charge seems to be founded ow the opinion, that i1 the patent is to be considered as .4grant of the exclusive use of distinct improvements.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

it i a grant sor the hopperboy itself, and not ior an f818.

improverait on the hopperboy.

F-ansl

The counsel for the plaintiff contends, that this part v.

of the charge is erroneous, because, by tte " act for the Eaton.

relief of Oliver tvans," Congress has itself decided

that he is the inventor of the machines for which he

solicited a patenf, and has left that point open to judi-

cial inquiry.

This court is not of that opinion. Without inquir- Qusre, Whe-

ther congress

ing whether Congress, in the exercise of its power can decid-ethe

to secure

for limited

times, to authors

fact, that an in
and* inventors, dauivthidoural is an

or in-

the exclusive right to their respective writings and dis- Vntor so asto

precfude judi-

coveries," thay decide the fact that an individual is an c,alinquirin-

author or inventor, the court can never presume Con- tiotythoefotrhigeinaaulgress to have decided that question in a general act, thorship or in-

the words of which do not render such consTrnction un- vtheinstaiosni?t maBye,

avoidable. The words of this act do not require this

Ideddh

construction'. They do not grant to Oliver Evans the-laocftOin.tEh.oca" exclusive right to, use certain specified machines ;. but

the-exclusive iight to use his invention, discovery, and

improvements; leaving the question of invention and

improvement open to investigation, under the general

patent law.

The plaintiff has also contended, that it is not ne-

cessary for the patentee -to show himself to be the

first inventor or discoverer. That the law is satisfied

by his having invented a machine, aithough it may

have been previously discovered by some other per

son.

Without a critical 'inquiry into the accuracy -with

which the term invention or discovery niay be ap-

plied to any, other than the first inventor, "the court

VOIL. IIL

66

614,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. cortsiders, this question as comple'el Seci!ed by the

I

6th setion of the general 'patent act. Thit declares,

Evans v.

that if the thing was not originalty discovered by the

Eaton. patentee, but had been in use, or had been de-

If the thing sc-

in some public work, anterior to the sup-

cured by pa-scribed

b

tent has been

ddsoe~jdket discovery

of the patentee, judsient shall be

in use orbe-poe d scribed in a rendered

for the defendant, and the

patent

declared

public work

overy,te p Admitting asunpteproisoerdto the dthise- void. words " "originally discovered," to

teto.vid, th p
twenhetthiesr otdh,~" exorlamin~e

or limited by the subsequent words, still

.atenteehd a if the thing had been in -use, or had been described in

nwledge of
this previousa public work, anterior to the supposed

discovery,

the

u -ordescrip-
tionor nbts patent is void.

It may be that the patentee had no

knowledge of this previous use or previous descrip-

tion; still 'his patent is void : the law supposes he

may have known it; and the charge of the judge,

which mnist be taken as applicable to the testimony,

goes n 6 farther than the law.

0.2; in enti- The real inquiry is,' does tb6 patent of Oliver

tled under his patent to the Evans comprehend

more than he has discoverrd ?

If

oofxetshaeivseevra tit i sfor the whole. hopperboy, the jury has 'found

Machines - that this machine was in previous use. If it embraces

which he has
invented, and oply

his

improvement,

then

the

verdict must

be set

6f his smprov -

onuS on ma aside.

daul disover The difflctlties which embarrass this inquiry are not

od.

less thai those which were involved, in the first point.

Ambiguities are still to be explkined, and contradictions

to be reconciled. The patent itself, construed witlhout reference to
the sohedtle and other 'doeumeftts to which it refers., and which are incorporated in it, would be a grant
a' single improvement; but construed with those

OF THE UNITED STATMS,

daeuments, It has been determi ned to be a grant of the several improvements whith he has made-in the machiies enumerated'in his specification.' But thp grant is confined to improvements. There is -no ex pression in it "hich extends to the whole of any one of the'machines which are enumerated in his specificatian or petition. The difculty growsolut of -the comjplexity and am'iguity of the specification and petition. His schedule states his first principle to be the operation of his machinery on the meal from its being ground'until it is bolted. He adds "this pfinciple I apply by various machines, which I have invented, constructed, and adapted, to the purposes hereafter
specified," His second principle is the application of the power
that moves the mill to his machinery. The application .ofthese principles, he says, to-manu-
facturing flour, is what'he claims as his invention 'or improvement in the art.
He asserts himself to be the inventorsof the machines and claims the application of these principles, to the improvement of the process 6f manufacturing flour, and other purposes, as his invention and improvement in the art.
The schedule next proceeds to describe the different machines as improved, so as to include in the description the whole. machine, without distinguishing his improvement from the machine -as - it existed previous thereto ; and in his fourth number he says, "I claim the exclusive right to the princil,les, and to all the-ma: chines above specified, and for all the uses-and purposes specified, as not having been heretkofore known or, used before I discovered them,"

188.
E'vansi
v. Eaton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
[18 18. Itthe opinion of the court were to be formed on the 'Evan 'schedule alone, it would be difficult to deny that the ap
V. -plication of bliver Evans extended to all the machines Eaton. itdescribes. But the -schedl'le is to be considered in
connection with the other documents incorporated in
the patent. The affirmation which is annexed to it avers, that
he is the inventor, not of the machines, but of the improvements herein above specified.
In his petition he states himself to have [discovered certain useful irmprovements, applicable to the art of manufacturing flour, a-nd prays a patent for same; that is, for his improvements, agreeably to the act of congress, entitled, "an act for the relief of Oliver Evans." After stating the principles as in his schedule, he adds, "fhe machinery consists of an improved elevator, an improved conveyor, an improved hopperboy, an improved drill, and an improved kiln-
dryei."
Although, in his specification, he claims a right to -the.whole machine, in his petition he only asks a patent for. the improvements in the machine. The dis. tinction between a machine,, and an improvement ona machine, or an improved machine, is too clear for them to be confounded with each other.
The act of congress, agreeably fo which' Evans petitions for a patent, authorizes the secretary of state to issue one, for his improvements in the art of manufacturing flour, "and inthe several machines which he has inventeddiscverej, irrprpved,ind applied to tha t
purp ."

OP THE UNITED STATES.
In conformity with, this act, this schedule, and this petition, the secretary of state issues his patent, -which, in its terms, embraces only'impiovements. Taking the. whole together, the court is of opinian, that the patent is to be constructed as a grant of the general result of the whole machin*ery, and of the improvement in each machine. Great doubt existed whether the words of the grant, which are expressed to be for an improveme-nt or improvements only, should be understood as purporting to be a patent only for improvements; or should be so far controuled by the specification and petition, as to be considered as a grant for the machine ;as improved, or in the words of the.schedule and petition, for "an improved elevator, an improved conveyor, an improved hopperboy, an improved drill, and an improved kiln dryer." The majority of the court came at length to the opinion, that there is no substantial difference, as they are used in this grant, whether the words grani a patent for an improvement ?u a machine, or a patent for an improved machine:; since the machine itself, without the improvement, would not be an improved machine. Although I.did not concur in this opinion, I can perceive no inconve-
nience from the construction.
It is, .then, the opinion of this court, that "Oliver Evans may claim, under his patent, the exclusive use of his inventions and improvements in the art of manufacturing flour and meal, and in the several machines which he has invented, and in his improvements on ma).hifies previousl' discoverd.

51
1818. Evans
v. Eaton,

CASES IN THP, SUJPREML COURT

1818. 419yang
v.

In all cases where his claim is for, an improvement on a machine, it will be encricu ent on him to show the extent of his improvement, so that a person under-

Eaton. standing the subject may comprehend distinctly in what

'Where the it consists.

ctlmofO. E. Some doubts have been entertained respecting the

is for an im . . aprmovacehminen, t obenjurisdiction

of the -courts

of the United

States,

as both

mustahow the the plaintiff and defendant are citizens of the sume

eimxtpernotveomfenhtis staatee. The 5th section of the act to promote the proinan intelligigress of useful orts, which gives'o every patentee a

ble manner.g right to sue in a circuit court of 'the United States,,in

The aetf'rthe case his rightsbe violated, is repealed by the 3d section

relief of 0. h.

o

is engrafted on of the act ot

1800,

ch.

179.

(xxv.)

which

gives the ac-

the general pa .
tentlaw, so astion in the circuit courj

of the

United States,

vhere

a

to giv right teo hsiume ina patent is granted "pursuant" to that act, or to the

e .irtuitat for the promotion of useful arls. This pjttent, it

the defendntihas been said, is granted, not in parsuance of either of

may be a citia zenofthesamethose

acts, "ut in

pursuance

of

the

act "for

the relief

of

With h'tmOliver Evans." But this court is of opinion, that the

act for the relief of Oliver Evans is,engrafted on the geieral act for the. promotion of useful arts, and that the tatent is issued in pursuance of both. The juris-

diction of the Court is, therefore, sustained. As the charge delivered in the circuit court to the ju-
ry differs in some respects from this opinion, the judg-

ment rendered in ,the court is reversed and annulled, and the cause remanded to the circuit court, with dii ections to award a venire facias de novo, and to proceed

'therein according to law.

Judgment reversed.

OF THEXlUMtTED STATES.

JUIGr.mENT. This cause came on to le heard on the transcript of the recmid.of the ciicuit court for the disc trict of Pennsirvania, and was iirged by counsel. On consider aiion whereof, this court is-of opinion, that there is error in the prpeeedings of the said circuit court in this, that the said court rejected testimony* .which ought to have been admitted; and also in this, that in the charge delivered to the jury,, the* opiuioGi is expressed that the patent, on which this suit was instituted, conveyed to Oliver Evans only an exclusive right to his Improvement in"manufacturing -flour 'and meal, produced by the general combination of all his machinery, and not to his improvement in the several machines applied to that'purpose ; and also, that th& said Oliver Evans was not'entitled to recover, if the hopperboy, in hig deciaranorn mentioned, had been in use previous' to his. alleged djscovery, Therefore, it is considIered by this court, that the judgment of the circuit court be reversed and annulled, and that the cause be reman-.led to the said circuit court, witIT airections to award a venirefacias de novo.^,

1814. E"vvaa4 ,
v. 1 aton.

a See Appindix, NOTE lI.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'r

· 1838
Craig r.
RadforC"

terested) could be done without affec'ing defendantsthe jurisdiction of the eourt exercised as to him alone.

the other" might be

(CHAN CERtY.)
CRAIG etat. V'. RADFORD.
"It, ander the Virginia land law, the warrant mnst be lodged ir, tM'e office of the surveyor at the time %lien th .. survey is made, his curtiffcate, stating that the survey was made by iirtue of the governor'* warrant, and agreeably to the royal proclamation of 1703, is sufficelei*' evidence that the warrant was in his posscssson at the time.
The 6th section of the act of Virginia of 174%) entitled, "An ael directing the duty of surveyors of lands," is merely directory to the officer, and does not make the validity of the survey doputd upon hi conforming to its requisitions.
A survey made by the d..puty survoyor is, in law, to be considered as made by the principal surveyor.
An alien may take, by purehsse, a freehold estate which cannot be ofevested on the ground of alienage, but by inquest of office or soma legislative act eqbivalent thereto.
A defeasible title, tius vested, during the war of the revolution, in P, British b-rn sqbjeet, u ho has never become a ci.izen, is completely protectcd and confirmed by the 9th article of the treaty of 1794, between the United States and Gicat Britain.
THIS cause was argued at the last term by Mr. M/, D. Hardin, an'd Mr. Talbot, for the appellant, anti by Mr. B. Hardin, for the respondent.
Mar, 121h. Mr. Justice' WASHI GTON delivered the opinion of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

I'he court.' This is an appeal from a decree of the 'cir'cuit court for the district of Kentucky, made in a suit
in chancery, instituted by the appellee against the ap pellants, whereby tho latter were decreed to convey to the fornier certaiti parts of a tract of land, granted to
them by the commonwealt4 of Virginia, to which the -appellee claimed title, under a junior patent, founded on
a prior warrant and survey.
The xwrrant to William Sutherland, (under whom
the appellee claims,) bears date the 24th of January, 1774, and was issued by the governor of Virginia, by
virtue of the proclamation of the king of Great Britain, vf 1763. Under this warrant, one thousand acres of land, lying in Fibcastle county, on the south side of the Ohio river, was surveye.1 on the 4th day of May, 1774, by Hancock Taylor, deputy surveynr of that county, and a grant issued for the same, by the commonwealthof Virginia, to the said William Sutherland, bearing, date the 5th of August 1783. The appellee ,derives his title as devisee under the will of his father, William Radford, to whom the sail tract of land was conveyed, by William Sutherland, on the 13th of Feb-
ruary 1799. The appellants claim parts of the aforesaid tract of
lan'd, under entries ma.le ujon treasury warrants: in the year, 1780, which were surveyed in 1785, and patented
prior to the 26th of May, 1788. It is admitted by the paities, 1. That William
Sutherland was a native subject of the king of Great Brit.hin, and that he left Virginia, prior to the year 1776, and has never since returnel to .tl~e UPnited

18,18. Craig
v. Radford.

CASE IN THfE SUPREME COURT
I819. States. dly. That'Hancock Taylor was killed~by the"
-Craig Indians in 1774, and that he never did return the srinCa veys made by him to the office of Preston. the principal
:Jadford. surveyor of Fincastle county, but that A. Hemptonstrall one of the company, took possession of his field notes, after his death, and lodged them in Preston's office; and that it was Taylor's usual practice to mark all the
.,corners of his surveys.
Thd correctness of the decree made in this cause 'isobjected to on various grounds.
1st. Because it does not appear that .Hancock Taylor had in his possession, or under his control, a war,rant, authorizing him to execute this survey for Wil-
liam Sutherland.
2d. Because there is not only an absence of all eviden,., to prove that the survey, for Sutherland, was made and completed on the ground, but, that it appears,.from the evidence of Hemptonstrall, that no -such survey was actually made. This witness states that he attended Hancock Taylor; on this survey as a mar ker, and sometimes as a chain carrier. He proves the beginning corner, and the five first lines of the sur. ·ey ending at four chesnutfrees, the mark of which 'lines were plainly discernable when this tract was surveyed under an order of the circuit cozirt made. in this cause. But he adds, that the subsequent lines of the survey were n'ot run; and the. surveyor who executed the order of the circuit court reports, that he met with no marked-line, or corner trees, after he left thefour chesnuts.
.3d. It.iq objected, in the third place, that the sur-

or THE UNITED STATES.

-597

vey, not having.been completed by the deputy surveyor) the court ought to infer that the lines actually run

1818o Craig

were merely -e'xpcriimvntal ; aftl, in such a case, it is- v. contended, that the principal surveyor could not'make, t. dford.

and certify a plat of the survey on which a grant.could

legally be founded.

It appears to the court, that these objectionswere

fully examined and over.uled in the case of Taylor

and'Qtiarles v. Brown, 5 Cranch, 234.

It was there decided, 1. That if in p ,nt of law,

the warrant must be lodged in the office of the sur-

veyor at the time when tIte survey is made, his certiLcate, which states that the survey was made by vir-

tue of the governor's warrant, and agreepbly to his ma-

jesty's rnyal proclamation of 1763, is sufficient e-idence

that the warrant was in his possession at that time.

In this case the warrant, under which Sutherland's.

survey was made, is described in the certificate with.

sufficient certaintv,o nrove that the officer in mak-

ing the survey acted under its authority. 2. It was

decided that the 6th section of the act of-Viijinia,

passed in the yeai 1748, entitled, "an act directing

the duty of surveyors of lands," upon which the se-

cond objeclion xnade iihat case, and in this, is found-

ed, is merely directory to thP nffiver. and that it-does

not make the valility of the survey -to denpnd upon

the conformity.of the officer to its rieqv'isitions. This

construction of the above section appears to the,

vourt to be perfectly well founded. The ownIr -of

the warrant has no power to control the conduct of

the surveyor, whose duty it is to execute it, and'it

wtaild therefore be unreasonable to depriv-e him of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. ' Craig,
V. Radford.

the title -which the warrant confers upon.him, on acI"cIo"unt of the siibsequent neglect of that officer. I the omission of the surveyor to "see the land plainly bounded .by natural bounds or marked trees," which
tle law imposes upon him as a duty, cannot aft feet the title of the warrant holder, it viould follow that his omissionto run all the lihes'of the survey on the 'ground, which the'law does not in express 'terms require him to dd, ought not to" produce that effect.' If the surveyor, by running some of the, lines, and from adjoinirig surveys, natural boundaries,,or his personal knowledge of the ground, is enabled to protract the.remaining lines, so as to close the survey, no subsequent locator can impeach the title foundel upqn such 'survey, upon the ground that all the lines were not run Mid marked. The legislature may undoubtedly declare all such surveys to be void; but no statute to this effect was in force in Virginia at the time when this snrvey .was made.
3. The third objectio.i nade to this decree appears to be substantially removed by the opinion of this court,on the third point.in the case above referred to. It was there decided that the survey, though in fact made by
the deputy surveyor, was in point of law to be considered as made by the principal, and, consequently, that his signature to the p~at and certificate was a sufficient authentication of the surlrey to entitle the person claiming under it to a grant.
As to the distinction taken at the bar between that case and this, 'upon the ground 'that in this the survey was merely experimental, and was not intended to be made in execution of the warrant, there is cer-

OF THE UNITEIY ST.,arES.

. 699

tainlry nothing in,it. It is by aets that the intention 186.

of men., in the absence of positIv6 declaralions, can, Craig

bestbe discovered. .The survey madeby Taylor was adopted by the principal surveyor, as one aetually done in execution" of the warrant to Sutherland,.and it
would be too much for thiq or any other court, to presume that a "conirary interition prevailed in the

v. Radford.

mind either -of the principal or deputy surveyor,,.

and on that supposition to pronounce the survey ii-

valid.

The last objection made to this decree is, that as a:

British subject, Win. Sutherland could not take 'a legaf

title t6 this land under the state of Virginia, and-"

consequently, that the grant to him in 1788 was void-

and was not protected'by. the treaty of 1794, between

the United States and Great Britain.

The decision of this court in the case of Fairfax'g

devisee v. Hunter's'lessee, (7 Crhnch, '603.) affords'a

full answer to this objection.- In that case. the will

of Lord., Fairfax took effect in the year "1781,

during the war, and Denny Martin, the 'devisee, under

that will, was found to be a natlive born British sub-

ject, who had never become a citizen of any. of

the United States, but had always resided' in Eng-

land.

It was ruled in that case, 1st. That although the-

devisee was an a7;alienenemy at the time of the testa.;

for's death,'yet.he took an estate in fee under the will,

which could not, on the ground of alienae, be deves-

ted but by inquest of office, or by some legisla.tiye .act

' equivalent thereto. 2d. That the defeasible title

thus vested in the, alien devisee was complete-

6M,

CASES.'IN THE:SUPREE COURT

1818. Ross
Triplet..

ly protected and confirmed.by the ninth article of'00i treaty of 1794.
These principles are'decisive of the -objection now
under consideration. In that, c'se, as in this, the le-, gal title-vested hi the -alien by purchase during the 'war, and was not ddvested by any act of Virginia, prior to the treaty o 1794," which rendered their estates absolute and indefeasible.

]Decree affirmed with costs.

(PRACTICE.)
Ross v. TRIPLETT.
'Irscourthas no jtridiction o6causes brought bdrore it,.upon
,certiEcato of a diVision of opinions of t',e jiidjes of tho circuit court Jfr the Districtof Columbia. Thisr.atjIylatc juiisdictioii ofthi; court, ia isipect, to that court, only extends to the final judgments arid decrees qf the lattef.
Tnis cause *as brought from the circuit court for the ditrict of;Columbia, upon a certificate that the opinions:of the judges of that court were divided upon a ruesetion wiich occurred in the cause, under tbe judiciary act of 1802* ch. 291. (xxxi.) s. 6. It'was submitted withput argument.
It was ordered to be certified to the circuit court, MarcT& 12th for the district of Columbia, as follows :

'CAS8S IN THE SUPREME COURT.

18)lk

'-

"

Robiumn

qazpbeli.

Uitted States, permitting American vessels to sail with provisions from the ports of
the United-tates to'the islarn of St.Bartholomews, but not eonfir.med by an order in councit. Tbe~lords-condemned in

all thecases in which the ]ase ports were not within the ternsof the orders in coutcl
-by which certain iescriptions of licences granted by Mr. Forster 'had been -confirme&
b.

'(CONS'rTUTIONAL ANb LOCAL LAW.)
ROBINSON T. CAMPBELL.
the compact of I802, settling the boundary line betwein Virginia ants Tennessee, and the laws made in pursuance thereof, it ie declared that all claims and titles to tands derived from Virginia, or North Carolina, or Tennessee, whichhave fallen into the respective states, shall remiiB as secure to the owners thereof, as if derived roiomthe gnvsinwunt within whose boundary they have fillen, and shall not be prejudietil or affected by the establishment of the line. Where the titles, bet! of the pJaintiff and ddfendant in ejectmient were derived under grant. from Virginia, to lands which fell within the limits of Tennessee, it was held that a prior settlement right thereto which would, in equity, give the party a title, could not-be asserted as a sufficient title in'am action of ejectment brought in the circuit coutt of Tennessee. . Although the state courts'of Tennessee have decided, that under their statutes declaring an elder grant founded on a junior entry to be void, a junior patent "futnded on e prior entry shall prevail at law against 4 senior. patent !'founded on a junior entry; this doetriva, has never been extended beyond cases within the express purvier of the statute of,Tennessee, and could not apply to the present case 'Qf titles deriving all their validity from the laws of Virginia, and cpnfirmed by the compact between the two states. *The general ruli is, that remedies in respect to real property are to be ,pursued acqording to the lex loci reisite. The acts of the two state

OF THE UNITED STATES.
e to be onstrued as fiving the same validity and eflect to ihe tiLs

.t]s:

intho-disputed territory as they had, or would have, in the state, by Robinsow

which they were granted, leaving dab remedies to enforce 'such titles

V. .

to be .egalated by the kexfori.

Campi] .

?J'mrme qdies in t4pottrjis of the United Statps, at camnion law andip

emity, are Io bp, not according to the practice of state courjs, but actoroing to the principles of common law and equity, as diinliguish.d
snd defined in that country from which we derive our knollodge of
besmperinciples. Consistently with this 'doctrine it may'Wrmitted,

SWhre,by the statutes of a state, a title which would 4hfrwqe .tjdaerood qqraly eqquitable, is recognized as a legal tige, or a title
wlebh would hbevalid at law, is, under circumstances 4f an equitable Nature, declared void, the right of the parties in such ctaso may be as Ailly considered in a suit at law, in the courts of the United Siates, at

Jiu4uy state court. -A C4911Yyakoe by the plaintiffs l0ss9 during rte pendency of ap, actiop
ofejeetmnt, can only operate upon lia reversionary interest, ard cannot extinguish the prior lease. Ti-e Oxstsbce of such lease is a fi. tion: but it is upheld for the purposes of justice. If it expire during
thependency or a suit, the plaintiff cannot r cover his term at law, without procuring it tobhe enlarged by thercourt, and can proceed only for antecedent damages. "Iathe above case it was. held that the statute 9 f limitations of Tennes. see was not a good bar to the action, there being no proof that the land in controversy were always %%ithin.the original limits of T-en,nessee, and the statute could not begin to rpn until it was aacerjainel

by the comnact of18Q2 that the )apdfelwlithin the jurisdictional lint. itsof Tennessee.

Extot to the district court of East Tenessee.
This was an action of ejectment 'brought by the;de- fendant in error, (the plaintiff's lessor in the court below,) against the 'present plaintiff, and S. Maxtin, on the 4th of February, 1807, in the district court for the district of East Tennesee, which possessed circuit court powers. The defendant in that court pleaded separately the general issue, as to 400 acres, and disoclainmed all right to the residue of the tract specified

CASES IN ThE SUPREME COURT

1818. Rbno
R .

in the declaration. A verdict was given for the plaintiff in October term, 1812. From the stqtement contained'in the bill of exceptions, taken at the trial of

Campbell.

the cause, it appears that the land for which the action
was brought, is situated between two lines, run in 1779 Ly Walker and Henderson, as the boundary lines of Virginia and North Carolina. The former state claimed jurisdiction to the line run by Walker, and the latter to' the lind run by Henderson. After the separation of Tennessee from North Carolina, the controversy between Virginia and Tennessee, as to boundary, was settled in 1802, by Tunning a line equidistant from the former lines. The land in dispute fell within the state of Tennessee. Both the litigant parties claimed under grants issued by the state of Virginia, the titles to lands derived from the said state having been protected by the act of Tennessee, passed in 1803 for the settlement
of the houndary line.
The plaintiff rested his title on a grant, (founded on a treasury warrant) to John Jones, dated August the 1st, 1787, for 3,000 acrep; 1,500 acres of which were conveyed to the lessor by Jones, on the 14th of April 1788; and proved pqssession in the defendant when the suit was commenced.
The- defendant, to support his title to the said 400 acres, offered in evidence a grant fdr the same to Joseph Martin, dated January 1st, 1788, founded on a settlement-right, and intermediate conveyances to himself. He also offered in evidence, that a settlement was made on said land, in 1778, by William Fitzgerald, who assigned his settlement-right to the said Jo-

OF ,THE UNITED STATES.

seph Martin; that a certificate in, right of settlement 1818.

was issued to Martinby the eommissioners for adjust- " obinson

ingtit1s , to unpatented lands; on -hich certificate,

V.

and on the payment of the composition money, the Campbell.

above grant was issued.. This evidence was rejected

by the court below, The defendant also offered in.ev-

idence a deed of conveyance from the plaintiff's lessor

to Arthur L. Campbell, dated January 2d, 1810, for

the land in dispute; but the same was also rejected.

He also claimed the benefit of the statute of limitations

of the state of Tennessee, on the ground that he, and

those under whom he. claims, had been in continued

and peaceable possession of the 400 acres §ince the

year 1788.

The court decided that the statute 'dd not apply.

The cause was then brought before this court by writ

of error.

:Feb 241h. Mr. LJaw for the plaintiff in error, argued, 1. That the defendant below ought to haie been permitted to
give evidence showing that his grant had preference in equity over the plaintiff's grant. By the law, as settled in Tennessee, the prior settlement right of the defendant, though an equitable tit]e, might be set up as a sufficient title in an action at law. The opinion of the *judge below proceeds on the idea that .the Virginia practice must prevail, under which such a title could only be asserted in equity. The acts for carrying into
effect the compact settling the boundary, declare- that the claims and titles'derived from Virginia shall not be .affected or prejudiced by the change of jurisdic.

116

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

8S.
]'R.tbormbs ingft' y, .
Cknnpbdl.

tion. "ut are the claims and titles less secure, if the
of legal proceedings of Tennessee be adopted? Is there any difference whether the plaintiff 4 grant be vacated on the equity side of the court, or ten.'
dered inoperative in an action of ejectment? It is admitted, that as to the nature, validity, and construction oi contracts, the Ax ;loi must prevail. But the tribunals of one. 6ountry' hive never carried theit courtesy to other countriet s6 far' as to change the form of action, and'the course of judic&l proceedings, or the time within which the action must be commeneed..' 2. The deed from the pluitiff's lessor, pending the suit, showed an outst4nding title in another, and ought to have prevented-the plaintiff from recotering b 3. It is a universal Principle that the stattte of limitations of the place' where the suit id. brought is to govern in determining the time -wthim which a suit must be commenced.c 4. New exceptions to the operition of the statute of limitations as to real, property cannot b. constructively establi.hed by the courts.d The statute of limitations of Tennies-.
see ought, to be applil to suits commenced in the eourts of Tennessee for lands which were always within the jqrigdictioz of that state as claimed by her, ?id which fell-within' her territory upon the final settlement of' the boundary. The title to such lands, Vay be determinable only by the law of Virginia

a Chilly on, Bills; 111. note (h.) American Ed. .of' 1817, and tt k $hOrities there cited.
1 Cruise on Real Proper4, 503. 537.
c Chilly on BIlls, lb. &MIver v, Ragan, 2 Wheal. 25.,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

but the mode of pursuing the remedy on that title must 1818.

depend ion the lex fort.

Robiso

The Aftorney General, contra, insisted, that by the

compact between the two states, the law of Virginia,

was made the law of the titles to these lands. By

the settled practice of that state, as well as the esta-

blished doctrine of the common law, the legal title

must prevail iL a court of law. The case of real

property is an exception to the general rule, as to ap-

plying the statute of limitations according to the lex

Jori, and not according to the lex loci. Generally

speaking, suits for such property must be commenced

in the courts of the country where the land lies, and,

cousequently, both the right and the remedy are to

be determined 'by one and the same law. But this is

an anomalous case depending, upon the peculiar na-

ture and provisions of the compact of 1802, between

the two states. The statute of ltmitations of Ten-

nessee could not operate upon these lands until they

were ascertained to lie in Tennessee ; and the peculiar

rule established by the courts of Tennessee, permitting

an equitable title to be asserted in an actin.-at law,

would not apply to a controversy concerning titles

wholly depending on :he law of Virginia. The pro-

ceedings in ejectment are fictitious in form, but for all

the purposes of substantial justice they are considered

as real. If the term expire pending the action, the

court will permit it to he enlarged, and no conveyance

by the lessor of the plaintiffs while the suit is going on

can operate to extinguish the prior lease. The court

VOL. II.

29

CamphelL

CASES IN THE SUPRE f COURT

I88. lbelovw therefore, committed no error in refusing to per-

·~"~

mit"the deed of

conveyance

from the plaintiff's lessor to I

R.obin on

be given in evidence in order ,to establish the existence

4Campbeli. of an outstandinE title,

Fcb. 24th. Mr. Justice TaD delivered the opinion of theL court, and, after stating the facts4,,proceeded as fol-

lows-

set- The.first question is-, whether the circuit court were

A prior Iloment right, right in

rejecting the

evidence,offered'by the defendant

which. wouItd, establish a title in himself under the grant of Josepir

the party a .ti'Martin, that grant being' posterior in date to the grant.

lecantbe

asserted as a under which the plaintiff' elaimed; and this depends up-

gufficient title inan action at on the consideration, whether a perpiot r

settlemteent

righht,

iranwt,hebrcouigrhtcwulith would, in equity, give the party a title to the

i~ct ofTrueni,
qavle.s:stee otforTeecon-- land7

can

be asserted

also,

asa

sufficient

title in

an ac-

verlandslying tion of ejectment.

within the dis-

betweleen Vir...By the compact settling the boundary line between

r edteritory ginia and Ten-Virginia

and

Tennessee,

and

the' laws. made

in

pur-

nessee, whiee,

and

thef

by the suancethereof,itis

declared,

that

all

claims

and titlesw

compact of to lands derived from the governments of Virginia, or

1802, fell with

in the limits o North-Caralinat or Tennessee, which have illen into-

Tennessee,the
itles of both the respective

states;

shall

remafin as

secure

to he

parties bcin -derived fmo, owners

thereof,

as

if derived

from the

government

grants by irw-ithin whose line they have falleni and shall not be

in anv wise prejndiced or affect~d iii consequence of the establishrenent of the said line. The titles, both

of the plaintiff and defendant in this case, were diriv-

ed under grants from Virginia ; and the argument is,

that as in Virginia no equitable claims or rights antecedent to the grants. could be asserted' in a court.of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

l19

aw in an' ejectment, but were matters cogrfizable in equity qnly, that the rule must, -under the compact betweermthe two states, apply to all the suits inthe courts in Tennessee, respecting the lands intluded in't]ose
gwrants.

"1818.'
V.. C' P el.

The general rule iih that remedies in respect to TSeal rResepmecetditeosrea'all
estates are tobe pursued according to the law of the property,, are place where the e-state s situatea No)r "foe :.tnliecoouu toaccordr-nudgigt to

the lex-oci ri

a The foundations of this ioctrine, and of"all the niher
prnciples concerning the ex loci, are laid down by IHuberus, in his Pr lectimieg, with that admirable force and precision which distinguish the works ofthe writers who have been formod in the school of the Romas juxisconsults, and

sitasunt, illis impresswreperiuntur, he note manent indelibiles in ista IRepIIl. ;quioquiA aliarum Civitatum leges aut privatorum dispositionessecul ,aut ontmra-statuant; nec enim sine magna confusiene prvqJudicioque Reipubl. ubi sittesujt res soli, Leges de illis late, dispositionibusistitmutaripoasent

which justify the eulogivni pronounced upon that school biy Leibnitz. "Fundamentum universte hujus doctrinr dixi-
2nus ease, et tenemus, sabjec-
tionem homium infra leges cujusque territorii, quandiu illic agunt, quoe facit, ut actus ab initio validus aut nuilus, alibi quoque valere aut non valere non nequeat. Sed hnc ratio non convenitrebus immobilibus, quando ille spectantur, non ut dependentes a libera dispositione oujusque patrisfa-
iiia, verum quatenus certse acts lega cujusque Reip. ubi

Hine Frisius habens agros et domos in pr6vincia Groningensi, non potest de illis testari, quia Lege prohibitum est ibi de bonis inimobilibus testari, non valente JTare Fristdo adfi. cere bona, quie partes alieni territorii integrantes constituunt. Sed an hoc non obstatei iluod anta diximus, si fateurn sit Testamentumjure loci valiL dum, id effectum habere etiam in bonis alibi sitis, ubi de ilis testari licet ? Non obstat; quia legum diversitas in ilia specie non afficit res soil, neque de illis loquitur, sed ordinat actunui

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
Robinson
V.
Campbell.

perceive any reason to suppose that it was the intention of thle legislature of either state, in the acts before us, to vary the application of the rule in cases within the compact. Those acts are satisfied by construing them to give the same validity and effect to the titles acquired in the disputed territory, as they had, or would have, in the state by which. they were granted, leaving the remedies to enforce such titles to be regulated by the

lexfori.

The question tlen is, whether' in the circuit. courts

441, ,IT-+,,"Statesa, merely equitable title can be

an action of ejectment. It is

The doctrine set up as a defence in

courts of Tennessee have

of the stte understood that the state

courts of Ten-

Messee,permnit-

daum earn jus dicetur, etki tale

ting an equita- testandi; quo recte celebra-

ibi non sit vendi

ble title to be

frumentun

assetted in an to, Lex Reipubt, non vetat Il- prohibitum ; quia in Frisia in-

aetion at law, lur aetum valere in immobili -

o)nly applies toumat aer

terdicttr est; et solo coharet

cases within bus, quatenus iullus character

est. Nee aliud

the express

ejusque pars

purview of the illis ipsis a lege loci impressus juris erit in succesionibus ab

Tennessee.! Ieditur aut inrninuitur. " 1-Irc intestato ; si defunctus sit Pa-

observatio locuin etiam in con terfamilias. cujus bona in di-

tractibus haber; quibius 'in versi locis imperii sita surit,

Hollandia vonditw res soli quantum attinet od immobilia,

Frisici, modo iii Frisia prohi- servatur jus loci, in quo situs

bito, inet, ubi gestusest, va- eoruun est; quoad mobilia, ser-

lido, recte vendite intelligun- vatur jus, qud illic loci est,

tur; idemque in rebus non ubi testator h'abuitdomnicilium,

quidem immobilibus, at solo qua de r6, vide Sandium, lib.

cohbrentibus; uti si frumen- 4. dcis. tlit. VIII. def. 7."

turn soli

Frisici

in Hollandia t

Huberus, Prcwektiones, totn. 2.

secundum Jastas, ita dictas, si lib. I tit. 0. De Conflictv Le-

venditum, non valet venditio gum. See .Erkne'sInstitutesOf

nee quidem in Hollandiasecun the Lawof Scotland, 10th ed.

.4 309. Pothier, de la Presciption Bed quyrel See Unhd State 207. Code Lapolun, art.3.

i'. Crosby,7 Craneh, 115

,OF THE UNITED STATES.

Q21

decided that under their statutes, declaring an elder 1818.

grant founded on a younger entry, to be void, tni pri- Roobi~oinson

ority of entries is examinable at law; and that a junior V. patent founded on a prior entry, shall prevail in an ac- Campbell.

'tion of ejectment against a senior patent founded on a

junior .entry. But this doctrine has never been exten-

4ded beyond the cases which have been construed

to be within the express purview of the statutes of Ten-

nessee. The present case stands upon grants of Vir-

ginia, and is not within the-purview of the statutes of

Tenndssee; the titles have all their validity from the

laws of Virginia' and are confirmed by the stipulations

of the compact- Assuming, therefore, that in the case

of entries under the laws of Tennessee, the priarity of

such'entries is examinable at. law, this court do not

think that the doctrine applies to merely equitable

rights derived from other sources..

The remedies

There is a more general -iew of this subject, which in the courts

deserves consid.eration. By the laws of the United oSftatthees aUtncoitrend-

States, the circuit courts have cognizance of all suits men law and in equity, are
'of a civil nature at common law' , and in equity, in c·ases tcordbein,gnotot athce-

which fall within the limits prescribed by those laws. pracice of By the 24th sect·io*n of the judiciary act of 1789, it is pro- sbtuattesaccocroduarintsg, vided, that the laws of the several states, except Iv'here tolestohfecopmrimn.on-

the constitution, tredties, or statutes of the United Fawandequity States, shall otherwise require or provide, shall be re- England. This garded as rules of decision in trials at common law inIcdooncctirliende, wrieththe courts of the United States, in cases where they ap- the decisions
of the courts
ply. The act of May, 1792, confirms the modes of of Tennessee,
permitting an
proceeding then used in suits at common law in the equitable title courts of the United States, and declares that the modes o be asserted
in an action at
law.

§2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

118. Rio
v. Campbell.

6f proceeding in suits of equity, shall be "according to the principles, rules, and usages which belong to courts of equity,,as contra-distinguished fronm courts of cornmon law," except so far as may have been provided for 'by the act to establish the judicial courts of the United States. It is material to consider whether it was the intention of Congress, by these provisions, to confine the courts of the United States in their mode of administering 'relief to the same remedies, and those only, with all their incidents, which existed in the courts of the respective states. In other words, whether it was their intention to give the party relief at law, where the practice of the state courts would give it, and relief in
equity only, when according to such practice, a plain, adequate, and complete remedy could not be had at law. In some states in the union, no court of chancery exists to administer equitable relief. In some of those .states, courts of law recognise ard enforce in suits at law, all the equitable claims and rights which a court of equity would recognise and enforce; in others, all relief is denied and such equitable claims and rights are to be considered as mere nullities at law. A construction, therefore; that would adopt the state practice in a its extent, would at once extinguish, in such states, the exercise of equitabl6 jurisdiction. 'The acts of Congress have distinguished between remedies at common law and in equity, yet this construction would confound them. The court, therefore think, that to ef-
fectuate the purposes of the legislature,the remedies in the courts of the United States, are to be, at common law or in equity, not according to the practice of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

,fitp courts,.but according to the principles of common
lAW and equity, as distinguished and defined iiithat country from which we derive ,our knowledge of those
principles. Consistently with this constriution, it may be admitted, that where by the statutes of a state, a title, which waild otherwise be deemed merely equitable, is recognised as a legal title, or a title which would be good at law, is under circumstances of an equitable nature declared by such statutes to be void, the rights of the parties, in such case, may be as fully considered in a suit at law in the courts of the United States, as they
would be in any state court.
In either view of this first point, the court is of opinion that the circuit'court decided right in rejecting the evidence offered by the original defendant. It was matter proper for the cognisance of a court of equity, and
not admissible in a suit at law.
The next question is, whether the circuit court decided correctly in rejecting the deed of conveyance from the plaintiff's lessor to Arthur L. Campbell, for'the land
in.controve-rsy made during the pendency of the suit. The answdr that was given at the bar is deemed decisive; although an action of ejectment is founded in fic-. tions, yet to certain purposes it is considered in the same manner as if the whole proceedings were real; for all the purposes of the suit the lease is to be deemed a real possessory title. If it expire during the pendency
of the suit, the plaintiff cannot recover his term at law, without procuring it to be enlarged by the court, and canproceed only for antecedent damages. In the present case the lease is to be deemed as a good .subsisting

1818.
Robison
.
Cfmpbe1L"

· 24

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1818. 'lease, and the conveyance by the plaintiff's lessor durR'obinson ing the pendency ofthe suit could not operate upon his
y. ' reversionary interest, and, consequently, could not ex Campbell. tinguish the prior lease. The existence of such a leape

is a fiction; but. it is upheld for the purposes of justice, -nd there is no pretencethat it works any injustice in

this case. tSattaiotuntseoofflTiemni The last question is, whether the statute of limnta-

nesse not aP-tion of Tennessee was a good bar to the action. It is

plicable to this

e se.

admitted,

that

it would be a good

bai

only upon

the

sup-

''position that the lands in controversy were always

within the original limits of Tennessee; but there is no

such proof in the cause. The compact of the states

does not affirm it, and the present boundary was an am-

icable adjustment by that compact. It cannot, the.a-

fore, be affirmed by any court of law, that the land was

within the' reach of the statute of limitations of Tennes-

see until after the compact of 1802. The statute could

not begin to run until it was ascertained that the land

wai within the jurisdictional limits of the state of Ten-

nessee.

The judgment of the circuit court is affirmed, with costs.a

a In Buller's Nisi Prius, 110, it is laid down, that in
ejectment, "if the defendant
prove a title out of the lessor, it is sufficient, although he have no title himself; but he ought to prove a subsisting titi out of the lessor, for pro-

ducing an ancient lease for
1000 yearswillnotbesufficient unless he likewisp prove possession under such leaqe within twenty years." The same doctrine is stated in Run. nington on Ejectmens, 343. and the case of England v.

OF THt UNITED STATE9.

tlade, 4 T. R, 61U. is relied on to support it. But this case only shows, that the tenant may prove that the les-
r's title has expired, and, therefore,'fhat he ought not to turn hima out of possession.
It is unquestionable law,that in ejectment "the plaintiff cannot recover -but upon the, strength of his own title. le cannot found his claim upon the weakness of the defendant's titlq; for possession gives the defendant a right against every man who cannot show a good title." Haldam v. Harvey, 4 Burr. 2484. S. P. lartin v. Troyonell. 5 T. 1. 107. note. But this doctrine was asserted in a case where the plaintiff sought to recover upon a title which, she had eqnreyed awayj to a third person; and nothing can be clearer than that the plaintiff cannot recover without showing a subsisting title in himself. 'If the position in Buller's Nisi Prius were confined to cases of this sort, there could not be
the slightest ground to question its validity But it is suppo.ed to establish the doctrine, that if the plaintiff has a title which is not an indefeaszble possessory title, but is, in fact, better than that of the de-

fendant he is not entitled to 1818.;

recover, if the defendant can Robinson

show a superior-title in a third

v,. ,

person, with whom the de- Campbell. fendant does not claim any

privity.

It is the purposp of this note

to show, that the authorities do not justify the doctrne to

this extent; and if it be true

in any case, (which may be

doubted,) it is liable to a great

many excepiions, which des-

troy its general applicability.

Speaking upon this -subject Lord Mansfiel is reported to

have said, "there, -is another

distinction to be taken,whether supposing a title superior to.

that of the lessor of the plain-

tiff exists in a third person,

who might recover the pos-

session, it lies in thl mouth of

the defendant to say so., in an-

swer to an ejectment brought

against himself, by a party

having a better title than his

own. I found this point set-

tled before I came into this court, tlhat the court never suf

fers a norgagor to set up the

title of a third person against

his morgagee." Doev. Peg-

ge, I T. R: 758. note. The

point as to a morgage,hqs'been

long established. In Lindsey

v. Lindsey, Bull. N. P. 110.

on an ejectmeiht by- a second

VoL. III.

2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT'

1818. morgagee against the morgaSgor, the court would not suf-
Robinson fer the latter to giv in evf

not permnitted toset up prtlhk advantage of a defect in ther lessor's title, or to show a

Campbell. dpnce the title of the first subsisting title in a third per-

morgagee in bar of the second, son to defeat the lessor's right-

because he was barred by his Drxvbr v. Lawrence, 2 W. DBl

own act from averring that he 1259, 2 Salk. 447. Menhall

had nothing iii the landf at the v. Wright, 3 .Mass. Rep. 138.

time of the second, mortgage. 153. Jackson v. Reynolds,

And the principle of this de- I Caines' Rep. 444. Jackson

cision has been repeatedly re- v.Whitford, 2Caines'Rep.215.

cognised, both in the Er- Jackson v. Vosburgh, 7 Johns.

glish and American courts. Rep. 186. Brant v. Liver-

Doe v. Pegge, I T. R. 753. more,10 Johns. Rep. 358. So

note. Doe Y. Staple, 2 T. R.' a person who enters into pos-

684. Lade v. Holford, 3 Burr. spssion under another, and

1416. Newhall v. Wright, 8 acknowledged his title, cannot

Mass. Rep. 138.153. Jackson set up an outstanding title in a.

v. Dubois, 4 Johns. Rep,. 216. third person. Jackson v.Stew-

Indeed, the mortgagor, not- art, 6 Johns. Rep. 34. Jack-

withstanding the mortgage, is son v. De Waits, TJohns.Rep.

row deemed seised, and the 157. Jqckson v. Hinman, 10t

legar owner of the land, os to Johns. Rep. 292. Doe'v.

all persons except the mortga- Clarke, 14 Bas. 488. Nor"

gee, and those claiming under can a person claiming the

him, and he may maifitain an land'pnder the tenant set up

ejectment or real action upon an outstanding title against

such seisin. Hitchcock y. the landlord. Jackson v. Gra-

Harrington, 6 Johns. R. 290. ham, 3 Caines' Rep 188; nor

Segwick Y. Hallenbach, 7 against a purchaser under an

Johns. Rep. 376. Collins v. execution against the landlord Torry, 7 John '. Rep. 277. or the tenant. Jackson v.

Willington v. Gale, 7 Mass. Graman, 5 Caines' Rtp. 188.'

Rep. 138. Porter v. Millet, 9 Jackson v. Bush, 10 Johns.

,Mass. Rep. 101..- And upon, Rep. 223. And a person who

the same prinimple, in an has entered by permission of

ejectment by the lessor against one tenant in common cannot

his own lessee, the latter is after a partition made, set up

YF THE UNITED STATES.

*-n adverse title in bar Of an privity of estate or interest, 1818.

,eeetment by the tenant in and who pretend to none, af-

common, to whose share the

fected'by the sale, shall 'not be

Robinson
v

premises had fallen. Smith entitled to set up the title of CampbOll.

:v. Burtis, 9 Johns. Rep. 174. the heirs, or to call on the ex-

Fisher v. .Creel, 13 Johns. ecutor or administrator for

Rep. 116. And whereaper. strict proof of the regularity

son in possession of land cove- of all his proceedings in the

nants with another to pay him sale. Knox v. Jenks,'7 Mass.

for the land, the cavenantee is Rep. 488. And a stranger b3.

estopped from setting up an a mortgage is not permitted to

outstanding title to bar an set it up to -defeatu legal title

ejectment by his covenantor, in the plaintiff. Collins'v. Tor-

unless he shows fraud pr impo- · ray, 7' Johns. Rap. 278. Jack-

sition in the agreement. son v. Piait, 10 Johns. Rep.

Jackson v. Ayres, 14 Jolns. 381.

Rep. 2!24. Lord Eldon has Thes6 cases clearly sho*

declared, that with regard to thatthe docrrine has been very

mortgagers and incdmbrancers much narrowed down. It re-

Ifthey do not get in a term that mains to corsider whether the

is outstanding, but satisfied, doctrine has ever been.,estab-

in some sense, either by taking lished,. that a mere superior

-an assignment making the outstanding title in a third

trustee a party to the instru- person, with whom the defen-

ment, or taking possession of" dant has no privity, can be the deed creating the term, given in evidence in an eject-

that term .cannot be used 6 meit, to defeat a possessory

protect them against any per- title in the plaintiff, which is

son having mesne" charges or superior to that of the defendintumbrances. Maundrell v.' ani. It is manifest, that at

14aundrell, 10 Ves. 246. 271. the time when Lord Mansfield

See Peake's BRid. 341. 3d ed. delivered his opinion in Doe v.

And in cases where land has" Pegge, (1 T.1. 758. note,) he

been sold by executors or ad- did not consider any such docministrators under a legal au- trine as established, for he con-

thority to sell, it has been set- fines his opinidn to the mere

tled, that strangers to the title, case of a mortgagee as ag'ainst

those who have no estate or his mortgagor, although. he

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1018. states the question in the

Sbroadest

terms ; and if the de-

, .obisocnisions had then gone the

V.

C$mphell, whole length, he would 'cer-

tainly have so stated. Nor is

there any subsequent case in

Englandin which the point

has been decided. The case

of Doe v. Reade, S East,353.

turned upon the circumstance

that the defendant, being law-

'fully in possession, might de-

fend 'himself upon his title,

though twenty years had run

against him before he took

possession, the plainti' r in

ejeetment not claiming under

the prior adverse' possession ;

andthe case of Goodtitle v.

Balwin, I I East. 488. turned

.upon the distimntion, that the

premises were drown .lands,

which by statute could not be

granted, and that the pos-

sessidn of the plaintiff and

.defendant was to be presumed

by the license of the crown,

Undoubtedly the plaintiff

niust show that he has a good

.possessory title; and, therefore

if the defendant shows that he

has conveyed the land, unless,

the conveyance was void by

reason of a prior disseisin, the

plaintiff cannot recover.

Gould v. Newman, 6 "Mass.

Rep. 239. Wolcott v. Knight

6 M11ass. Rep., 418. Everenden v. Beaumont, 7 31ass. Rep. 76. Williams v. Jackson, 5 Johns. Rep. 409. Phelps v. Sage,'2 Day's Rep. 151. So a tenant may sbow that the title of his landlord has expired. England v. Slade, 4 T. R. 682. So in an ejectmentby a cestvy qu trust the tenant may setup in his defence the legal oulstaxiding title in the trustee. Doev. Staples,2 T.R. 68-1. For in all these cascs the evidence shows that the plaintiff has no subsisting pos. sessory title at law, and therefore, he ought not to be permitted to disturb the tenant's possession. The general role is, that possession constitutes a sufficient title against every person not having a better title ; and therefore the tenant may stand upon his mere naked possession until a better title is shown. "In oequalijure melior est conditio possidentis; he that hath possession of lands, though it be by disseisin, hath a right against allmen but against him that hath right." Doa. . Stud. 9. 3 Shep Abr. 26. and the ruleof the civil law is the same. Non possesserio incum-
bit neqessitas probandi possessiones adse pertinere, Cod.iib.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
4 cited 2 Bro. Afdm. 4. Civ. Saunders says. the matter in 1818.
Law, 371. note. And possess- law, wag never argued, for the' Rb sion, although it be 'merely a priority of possession alone v. naked'possession, or acquired gives a good title to the lessor Campbell. by wrong, as by disseisen, is of the plaintiff against the de- -. also a title upon which a re- fendant, and all the world, excovery can.be had. '.For as ceptihg against the rightfl Blackstone justly observes, "in owner. And in a late case, it the mean time, till some 'act was held, that mere prior ocbe done by the rightful owner cupancy of land, however reto devest the possession and cent, gives a goocl title to the assert fis title, such actual occupier, whereupon he may potsessidn is primafacie cv-, ,recover, as plaintiff,against all idence of a legal title in the. the world, except such as can possession; and it may, by prove an older and better title tength of time aud negligence in themselves: Catteris v. of him who hath the right, by Cooper, 4 Taunt. 547. See
(legrees ripen into a perfect also, 8 East. 33. And this and indefeasible title:"2 BZ. doctrine has been frequently Com. 196. So Jenkins, in his recognized in -the American Centuries of Reports, (42.) courts. Jackson v. Hazen, 2 states that the first possession Johns. Rep. f22. Jackson v. without any other title, serves Harder, 4 John8. Rep. 202. in an assize for land. In Bate- Khe last case, 4 Johns. Rep. man v. Allen, Cro. Eliz. 437,it 202. goes farther and decides was held that the plaintiff was that a mere intruder upon entitled to recover in ejectment lands shall not be permitted to where it waz found by special protect his intrusion in a suit verdict that the defendant had by the person upon whom he not the first possession, nor en- lias intruded, by setting up an tered under title, but upon the outstanding,title .in a stranger.' plaintiff's possession. And in And in Smith v. Lorillard, 10 Allen v.'Rivington, 2 Saun. R. Johns. Rep. 338. all the au111, where, upon a special thorities were reviewed, and it verdict In ejectment, it appear- was held that it is not necesed that the plaintiff had a pri- sary fr the plaintiffin eject-
ority ofpossession, and no title "mentto show, in every case, a
was found for the defendant, possession of twenty years, or

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. %"' Robinson
v. Campbell.

a paper title ; that a possession* dant who has no privity with

for a less period will form a 'that.title, to defeat a-title in the

presumption of title sufficient plaintiff which is yet superior to

to put the tenant upon his de- thatunder which the defendant

fence ; and that a prior posses- holds the land. Blackstone puts

sion short of twenty years, un- a case in poinf: "If tenant in

der a claim, or .assertion of tail enfeoffs A. in fee simple

right, will prevail over a sub- and dies, and B. disseizes A.,

sequent possession of less than nomB.will have the possession,

20 years, when no other evi-, A. the right or possession, and

dence of title appears on either the issue in tail the right of

side. Inrespeetto rel ac- property. A. may recover the

tions, it is said by Chief Justice possession against B. and after-

Parsons, that under the gene- wards the issue in tail may

ral issue-the defendant can'hot evict A., and unite in bimsblf

give in evidence a title under the possession, the right of

which he does not claim,unless possession, and also the right

itbe to rebut the demandant's of property." 2 Bl. Com.

evidence :ofseisin; but that he 199.. Here B. is an intruder,

may 1leadin bar a conveyance and, therefore, comes within

bythe, demandant to a third the reach of the case of Jack-

person, under whom he does son v. Harder, 4 Johns. Rep.

not claim ; for iftenant have no' 202. But if B. had conveyed

right, yet if the demandat to C., and then A., had

haVe no right, he cannot, in brought an ejectment against

law, draw into qcestion the C., could the latter have set up

tenant's seisin, whether acqui- the title of the issue in tail,

red by right or 'by wrong. with which he had no privity

Wolcott v. Knight, 6 llfass. although that were a good sub-

Rep. 418. Gould v. Mew-' sisting superior title to defeat

man, 6 Mass. Rcp. 239.

the recovery of A.? It becomes

It is remarkable that in none not the, annotator to express

of . the foregoing 6ases the any opinion on this point ; his

pointis stated to have been only object, is to bring the au-

ever decided upon the naked thorities in review before the

questioi whether a better sub- learned reader, Rb d tosuggest

sisting title in a third person can 'that it may bq'considated as

be givenin evidence by a defen, subjebt to judicial doubt..

23Z

CASES IN THE 'SUPREME COURT

1818. profits of the said land in'its untenantable situation Unt tes from the said 27th day of March, 180,9, to the 27th day
Iv. of March, 1816, with due care would be equal to
150 crate"1 2077 60 dollars."
The cause coming on to be heard in the court below on this report, and that court being of opinion that under the decree of this court, the defendants w re only to be-accountable for the rents and profits actually received, it was decreed that the ill, so far as it seeks a recovery of r-ents and profits, should be dismissed, from which decree an appeal was prayed to this court.
I am instructed by the court to say, that the decree of the circuit is in strict co'nformity with the decree and mandate of this court, and is therefore to be affirmed..
Decree affirmed.

(INSTANCE COURT.)
THE UNITED STATES V. 150 CRATES OF EARTHEN WARE.
Libel for a forfeiture of goods imported, and alleged to have been in-
vpiced at a less sum than the actual cost at the place of exportation, with design to evade the duties, contrary to the C6th section of the collection law, ch. 128. Restitution decreed upon the evidence as to the cost of the goods at the place wvhere they were last shipped; the-form ofthe libel excluding all inquiry'as tu their cost at tie place where they were originally shipped, and as to the continuity of voyage.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

APPEAL from the district court of Louisiana.

1818.

This cause was argued by the A9ttorney-General for Unit. States the United States, and Mr. D. B. Ogden for the claim- ,.

ant.

150 Crates.

Feb. 191h

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion Feb. 24th. of the court In this case the libel alleges that the goods in question were exported from Bordeaux in
Fiance, and entered at the office of the collector of the customs at New Orleans, and that they were invoiced at a less sum than the actual cost thereof at the place of exportation, with design to evade the duties thereon, contrary to the provisions of the 66th section of the collection law of 1799, ch. 128. It appears in the case, that the goods were oliginally shipped from Liverpool,
and were landed at Bordeaux. All question as to continuity of voyage, and as to whether Liverpool or Bordeaux ought to be deemed the place of exportation, is out of the case, because the information charges the goods to have been exported from Bofdeaux. Upon the evidence, it appears that the goods were invoiced at sixty or seventy per cent. below the price in NewOrleans; which it is supposed was at least-as high as the price -would have been in Liverpool: But it also appears that goods of this kind, at the time of their exportation from Bordeaux, were depreciated in value to an equal degree: And it is proved that the samegoods

were offered to a 'witness at 50 per cent. below their

cost at Liverpool. The court is, therefore, not satisfi-

ed that the goods were .invoiced below their true vilue

at Bordeaux, with a design to evade the lawful duties;

VOL. III.

31

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. and the inquiry as to their value in the port from whict %.0-~ they were originally shipped is excluded by the
V. ffobrammpintonwhich the libel is drawn. The decree of the

X°Conrjl. district court, restoring the goods to the claimant, is,

therefore. affirmed.

Decree affirmed.

(CONSTlTUTOoN.Ar LAW.)
HAMIPTON V. W'CONNEL.
A judgnent of a state court has the same credit, validity, and effect in every other court within tto United Stateg, which it had in the state whare it was rendered; and whatever pleas would be good to a suit thereon in such state, and none others, can be pleaded in any other court within the United States.
ERROR to the circuit court of the district of South Carolina.
The defendant in error declared against the plaintiff in error, in debt, on a judgment of the suprerme court of the State of New York, to which the defendant below pleait il debet, and the plaintiff below demurred. The circuit court rendered a judgment for the plaintiff below, and thereupon the cause was brought by writ of error to this court.

Peb. 141h.

Mr. Hopkinson, for the plaintiff in error, suggested, that if, under any possible circumstances, the plea of nil debet could be a good bar to the action, a general demurrer was insufficient. He cited Mills v. Dur-

CAS1ES 4N THE SUPREME COURT

1818.

The
,.Amiable Nancy.

(PRLZE.3 THE AIABLu NANCY.

The district courts of the United States'have jurisdiction of ques'lions of prize, and its incidents, independent of the special provisions or the prize act of the 26th Sune, 1812, ch..430. (CVII.)
Oi'an illegal seizure, the original wroa-g-doers may be made responsible beyond the loss actually sustained, in &case ofgress and wanton outrage ; but the owners of the piivateer, who are only constructively liable, are not bound to the extent of vindictive damages.
An item for loss by deterioration of the cargo, not occasioned by ther improper conduct of the captors, rejete@d..
The probable or possible profits of an Rufinished voyage aFord no, rule to estimate the damages, in a case of'marine trespass.
The prime cost or value of the propasty lost, and, in"case of injury the diminution in value by reason of the injury, with interest thereon affords the true measure for estlinating damages in suah a case.
An item for the ransom of the vessel and cargo, which had been ashsequently seized by another belligerent, (as alleged for want ofpapers) of which the vessel had been deprived by the first captors, rejected unader the particular circumstances of the case.
THis was a-suit fora marine trespass, cdmmenced
in the district court for the southern district of NewYork, by the libeT'ants and appellants, who were the
ow!.er, masfer, supercargo, and crew of the Haytian Schooner Amiable Nancy,.against the defendatits7 who-
were the owners of the private armed A-ve'rinan vessel
Scourge.
The libel states, that the Amiable Nancy and her rirgo b.loniged to be libellant, Peter Joseph Mirault, ofPort-au-Prince, imthe island of Hayti, or St. Do"

OF THE UNITED STATES.
iningo ; .that the vessel; with a cargo of corn, sailed 1818: fronA Port-au-Prince about the 7th of October, i8-I1.4,-T The on a voyage to Bermuda, and in the prosecution there- Amiable ofabout the twenty-fourth day after sailing, in lati- Nancy. tude 25 degrees north, was obligedy by stress of weather, to bear away for Antigua, there to refit andagain proceed on the said -voyage ; that whilst proceeding toward Antigua, about the 4th of November, in the same year, in latitude 17 degrees 54 minutes north, and in longitude 62 degrees 42 minutes west, the said Haytian schooner was boarded by an armed boat's crew from the private armed American brig Scourge, commanded by Samuel Eames' and owned by the defendants; that Jeremy C. Ilickenson, the first lieutenant of the said brig, with the said armed boat's c'ew, then and there took po.sssion of the Amiable Nan~y, and iobbed and .plundered the libellants, respectively, of divers articles of wearing apparel, money, and othe valuable effects of a great value, being all that the libellants, at the tinle of the boarding as aforesaid, were po'ssessed of; and also robbed and plundered the said schooner of her papers, notwithstanding that Samuel C. Lathrop, the- officer commanding the narines of the aforesaid private. armed brig, and who accompanied the said armed boat's crew, had reported to the said Jeremy C. Dickenson that he had examined the said papers; that they were perfectly in order; and that the said schooner was a Haytian schooner as aforesaid ; that the said armed boat's crew also robbed and pundered the said schooner of divers articles belonging to her tackle and apparel, to wit, of a log.reel and line,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I818. lines and cordage, and also, of poultry; and greatly

' The 'ill-treated

the libellants, and, in particular, knockea

Amiable down and greatly bruised the libellant, Frederick

Nancy, Roux, and put the libellants in bodily fear and dan-

ger of their lives; that about twelve o'clock of the same night, the armed boat's crew aforesaid Ibft the Amiable Nancy, and the.said schooner was permitted to proceed on her course as aforesaid, and did so proceed,-but her papers were not restored, nor any oth-
er article of apparel, money, nor any of the valuable effects of which the said schooner ahd libellants had been robbed arid plundered, although the said captain
and supercargo did frequently and urgently remonstrate with the boarding officer upon the impropriety of suclb conduct as aforesaid; and did then and there state, that the said schooner could not proceed without 'her said papers ; but, notwithstanding the remonstrances of the said libellants, nothing whatever -which had been

taken from the said schooner, and from the libellants, wasrestored. That the libellant, Galien Amie, was not permitted to go on board of the .said private armed brig, although he earnestly requested permission so
to 'do, with the intent to complain to the commander of the said private armed brig, of the conduct of his said armed boat's crew, and of requesting him to cause the papers and articles taken as aforesaid, to be restored to the libellants and th-e said schooner. That the said schooner continued on her course as aforesaid, and on or about the morning of the 8th oi No. vember, in the-year aforesaid, arrived -at the entrance
of the harbour ot St. John's, in the island of Antigua, when she was seized and detained by his, Britanniq ma-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

W

.jesty~s guard-brig Spider, on account of the want of 1818.

her papers; and both the vessel ad cargo were,.for the The same reason, libelled and proceeded against in the vice Amiable admiralty prize court in the said island:, That the Naney. amiable Nancy was detained in the.possession of the said guard-brig Spider until the 24th of Noyember ; and in consequence of an agreement previously made between the captors aforesaid and the said s'upercarg6 which he was advised to make, .an order to avoid the farther detcntio~n, deterioration of the cargd, and total loss of the same, as of the said schooher; the schooner and her cargo were condemned as good and lawful prize, and were immediately delivered up to the libellant, the supercargo aforesaid, on the engagement to -Pay to the said capto.s the sum of $1,000, and all. l w and'court charges, 'to a great amount, to wit, to the amount of about $542 21, which said compromise, law and court chages together, amounted to the' -,nm of $1542 21, which the libellant, Frederick Roux, *as obliged to pay, and did actually pay, in order to procure the liberation of the said vessel and cargo. And in or-
der to pay the same, the said last mentioned libellant was obliged to pay, and did pay the larner sum of $536 44 by selling bills to procure specie to make the said'pay. inent; besides which, the said'carao of corn sustained a loss of $1,200, by its detention in poft a* foresaid,- deterioration and fall in price;, and the owner "of said
schooner did sustain farther loss by the breakinfr -up of his voyage, and the said schooner bein& obliged to leave Antigua in ballast, although a full -freight was offered to him. That in consequence of,

gCASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
'ill
The Amiable Nancy."

the robbery and plunder of the said schooner, and the

treatment'of the libellants, and the capture and de-

,

h

e

tention, as aforesaid, heavy loss and damage accrued

to the libellants, respectively, amounting in the whole

to $15,000.

The libel then prays, that the defendants, as the owners of the Scourge, may be decreed to pay to the

libellants the damages respectively sustained by them

by the illegal conduct of the said boat's crew, with al, other charges and expenses thereb 'incurred, and losses th'erefrom accruing, and for such other relief as mxy be suited to the case.
The defendants, by their answer and plea, admit that they were, at the time mentioned in the libel, the

owners of the Scourge, which was regularly rommissioned as a private arned vessel "Zuring the late war; and that whilst cruising on the high seas, she met with the said Haytian schooner; 'but they do nt't admit tbpt the -plundering, outrages, and other unlawlul aqts mentioned in the libe.l, were committed as therein bharged; they do, howelver, admit, that the said schoo

er was boarded by a crew from the scourge, under the belief that she was an enemy, and that some improper acts were committed by some of the said crew; but they. de-

ny their responsibility therefor, especially as the- sw qrew, or some of them, were punished for their inprop-

er conduct. -Samuel C. Lathrop, captain 'of marines on board
the Scourge, proved, that whilst the' said vessel w~s on a cruise they fell in with the Amiable l ancy, about the 4th or 5th of 'November, "1814, and boarded her; that Lieutenant Dickenson and himself, 'with twelve

.·OFTHE UNITED TAT!S.
or thirteen of the crew, -went in the boarding boat, '1819. uuderthe command of Lieut. Dickenson, and that as ' soon as the boat cine alongside of the schooner, Amibe Dickenson and himself went on board of her, and Nancy all the men but one followed; that the men immediately commenced plundering the -vessel, which Dickenson saw, and took no measures to prevent ; that-the witness examined bet papers, and found her to be a Haytian Schooner, and that they were all regular' and so reported to Lieut. Dickeifson. That the bpat's crew ought not to have gone 'on board of fle'tchooner at- all; but Dickenson did not order them bak, 'and permitted them to proceed in breaking into. the cabin, breaking open the trunks of the captain and supercargo, plundering their contents, and the schooner's crew of their clothes and effects, anl thiow-. ing them in bundles -into the boat along side the. Schoonex.; that the captain and supercargo complained' to Dickenson of the conduct of his crew, and especially of their destruction of the schooner')s papers; and T'he supercargo also complained of being knocke4 down; but Dickenson took no notice of their'com-plaints, and suffered the boat's crew to continue theirplundering, two jours on board of the schooner,, thoigh he had examined. Ali schoon'er's papers, and' made his report, as before. stited, in ten .minutes afteri going on board.'
Commissions were issued to Antigua and Port-au-Prince to take testimony on the part of t&e libellants. Under the Antigua commission, if was proved, that the Amiable Nancy and her cargo were seized, libel. led, and condemned at Antigua, on account of her

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
The Anliable iWancy,

want of papers. That the supercargo compromiscd -with the captors for $1,000, and court charges $542,21, which he was advised to do, as most for the interest of the owner. That it was necessary to pay
this amount in specie, which could only by raisedby a sale 'ofthe bills for which the cargo was sold, and was done at a loss of $596 44 :'that other sums were disbursed for the vessel, making in the whole $2127 60. During the detention of the vessel, the price of corn fell a dollar a bushel, and the cargo was injured by the search of the schooner, made by the Spiders crew, which occasioned a loss of $1,200.
The expenses of the schooner at Antigua were proved to be $414. The value of the articles plundered from the vesel, captain, supercargo, and crew was proved by one of the witnesses, and by the protest; also,. the ill treatment and personal violence com-
.plained of.
,Under 'the commission to Port-au-Prince, it was proved that the libellant, Peter Joseph Mirault, was the owner of both the schooner and cargo, and that the schooner was a Haytian *-esse],, regularly documented as such. The detention and plunder' of the schooner, by the boat's crew of the Scourge, is fully and particularly jroved by one of the seamen on board' of the schooner, The object of the voyage to Bermuda, and, the loss sustained -in consequence o its
beinj broken up, are also proved. On the hearing of the cause in the district court, -it
was referred to the clerk, or his deputy, to associate with him two merchants, and report the damages sustained by the libellants. The deputy clerk accord-

OF THE UNITED STATES,.

ingly associated with him twa respectable merchants,

one chosen by each of the parties, who reported the

damages as follows :

Money paid for redeming ves-

sel an. cargor, at Antigua,.

after condemnation, . $2,127 66

Loss sustained on sales of the

cargo bf corn,,at Antigua, in,

consequence of the cap~uro, 1,200 00.

Detention, wages of the crew at

-Antigua, in consequence of

seizure by the Spider brig,

occasioned bythe loss of ship's

papers, .

414 00'

Articles plundered from; the

schooner Amiable Nancy,

25 00

Money and effects plur.dered

from M. Roux. the'supercar-

go,

47000

AIoney and eff&ets plundered

from the officers and crew

of che Amiable Nancy-

V,om Captain Amie, 100,00

Moriset, mate, 80 00

E. 'Lenau, . 54 00

J. J. Loiseau, 5300

Michael,' . 10 00

Savou,

'700

-304

00"

-'--4.540 401

VOL. Ill.

71

,.919, TIe Amt.ble Nanny.

554 1818.
A,.i'ihk Nancy.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

Loss sustained in consequence of !he eX-

penses ocea,.ionel by the seizure and

condeinnation in .Artigua, growing out, of the Am:able Nancy having been

deprived. of her papers by the acts of

the officers and crew of the.Scourge,

as proved by the deposition of Samuel

Dawson, and F. Lavaud, of Pori-au-

Prince,

. ..

.

3,50000

8,04060

Interest on this sum, from 1st January,

1815, till the 1st JuI-, 1817, at 6 per

cent. per annum-,

.

.

1,206 07

Allowance for M. Roux's expenses to and from Port-au-Prince, Antigun, Bos-

ton, &c.;' detention in New York, loss

of time, and other incidental expenses,

procuring evidence, and attending the

trial,

.

..

9,246 67 1,500 00

$10,746 67

This report was confirmed by the court, and it was

further ordered by the co:t", that t! e defendar; should

pay to the libellant, for personal injuries, as fol-

lows:

To the supercargo, five- hund-ed dollars,

$500

.To the captain, one hundred dollars. -

10

OF ikkiF, UNITED STATES.
To the mate, one hundred dollars, To the sailor, fifty dollars,

555
100 18is 50 · The
-Ami ible $750" Nancy.

And that th defendants should pay to the lihellants ar.e thousand dollars, for the commission Flaimed by the.supercargo, Frederick Roux, seven hundred and fifty dollars for couhsel fees, the proctor's costs, and the

costs of court.

The defendant appealed from the decision of the district court to the circuit court for ihe southern district

of New-York, where it was heard in September term, 1815, and the following decree made

This app~eal having bren argued, &c. this court, af-

ter mature deliberation thereon, do order, klajudge, and

decree, that the sentence of the district court, which has been appealed from, be reversed, and this court proceeding to assess the damages in this cause, make

the following allowances, that is to sayTo the Owner (f the Scwhaner.

1. For expenses during her detention at Antigua, in conformity with the estimate of

the consignee,

. $300 00

2. For expenses of the mate

and supercargo while there,

according to the testimony

of the same witness, "

70-00

3. For articles plundered from

schooner,

.

25 00

1556

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1318. Interest on these sums at 10

Th-ee

per cent. from 1st of January

Amiable 1815, to 1st September, 1S17,

.tqancy. two years and eight months, 103 94

-498 94

To the J.lasterof the &hwoner.

For articles taken from him, 100 00

the same interest on this sum, 26 66

2. For personal injuries,

10000

22666

To the Supercargo.

I. For articles plundered of him, 470 00

The like interest on this sum, 11432

-2.For personal wrongs,

500 00 108432

-3. For his expenses in cqllect-

ing testimony at Antigua,

Port-au-Prince, &c., and at-

tending trial,

750 00

To the Mfate.

I. For the property lost by him, 80 00

The like interest on this sum, 21 32

2. For injury to his person, 100 00

-

.20132

To Lenau, .6eSailor,

1. For property robbed of him, 54 00

The like interest on this sum, 2. For injury to his person,

14 40 50 00

'11840

$2879 64

I OF THE UNITED STATES.
It is therefore further ordered and directed, That 1. there be paid by the appellants, to the respondents and The libellants, the said some of two thousand eight hun- Amiable dred an! seventy nine dollars, and sixty. four cents, i' - Nancy. the manner and proportions following that is to sayto the libellant, Peter -Joseph Mirault, owner of the schooner and cargo, the sum of four hundred a: "' ninety eight dollars and ninety four cents; to the libellant, Galien Amrie, master of the schooner, the sum of $226 66 ; to the libellant, Frederic Roa., the superqargo, the sum of $1, .834 32 ; to the libellaht3 4mthony Morrisset, the .mate,. the sum of $2018-0 ; to the libellant, Elie Lenau, one of the mariners, the sum of $118 40.
.dnd it is fin-rAer ordered, adjudged, and decreed, That the-appellants pay the further sum of $750 for counsel fees in the district court; and that they also pay the proctor's costs in the suid court, and the costs of that court to be taxed."
.dnd it is furtier ordered and decreed, That each party pay his own cosfs in ihis court; from which decree the libellants appealed to. this court.
This cause was argued by- Mr. Sergeant and Mr. Baldwina for'the appellants, and by Mr. b. B. Ogden for the'respondents.b
Mr. Justice STO Y delivered the opinion of the March 11th. court. The jurisdiction of the district court to en-
aTheycited TheLucy, 3 Rob. Q08. The Narcissu, 4 Rob. 17. TheLively, I Gallis, 315.
b He cited Del Col v. Arnold, 3 Dail.,M.

558

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. tertain this suit, by virtue of its general admiralty

'and maritime jurisdiction, and independent of the

- The
.Am 6

special provisions of the

prize act of the '.th of

Nancy. June 1812, ch, 107. has been so repeatedly decided

by this court, that it cannot be permitted again to be

judicially 1rought into doubt.a Upon the facts dik.

closed in the evidence, this must be pronounced a case

of gross and wonton outrage, without any just pro-

vocation or excuse. Under such circumstances, the

honour of the country, and the duty of the court,

*equally require that a just compensation should be

Actu'lwrong-made to the unoffending neutrals, for all the injuries

doersin anra-arid losses actually sustained by them. And if this

rine trespass
aretesponsaibrylewbere

a suit against

the original

wrong-doers,

it

might

for exe ,p damages, bute, proper

to go

yet farther,

and

visit upon them in

the owners ofth 6 shape of exemplary damages, the proper punish-

the privateers

asibrlee bbesyopnnd_mert which belongs to such lawless misconduct.

tohreianejuturyal Sjuoss-s Bthuet 'it is to be considered, that this is a suit against

aused. owners of the privateer, upon whom the law has from motives of policy, devolved a responsibility for

the conduct of the officers and crew employed by

them, anti yet, from the nature of the serlice, they

can scarxely ever be able to secure to themselves an

a Vide ante, vol, II. APrENDIX, note 1. p. 5. Tiojurisdiction of the admiralty, a: a court of prize, has been recently re. viewed in England. on an npplkiaii-n to the court of chancery for a prohibition, in which it wns detrnined, that this juris. tiction do.es not depend upon the. prize act or cointnissiov, ror cease with the cessation of hostiltites; but-th-it it extends to all the incidents of prize, and to an indefinite period after the
termination of the war. Ex parte Lynch ctal. 1 Maddock's
Rep. 1

OF THE UNITED STATES.
adequate ind.m.nityin cases of loss. They are innocent 1818. of the demerit o'this transaction,' having neither directed it, nor countenanced it, nor participated in it in Ambie the slightest degree. Under such circumstances, ,we - Nuncy are of opinion that they are bound to repair all the real injuries a'nd personal wrongs sustained by the libellants, but they. are not bound to the extent of vindictive damages. While the government of the country shall choose to authorize the employment of privateers in its public wavrs, with the knowledge that such endployment cannot be exeinpt from occasional irregularities and improper conduct, it connoi be the duty of courts of justice to defeat the policy of the government, by burthening the service'with a responsibility beyond what justice requires, with a responsibility for unliquidated damages, resting in mere discretion, an& intended t6 punish offenders.
As the respondents have not appealed from the decree of the circuit court, that decree, so far as it allows damages againstthem, is not re-examinable here.An'd the only inquiry will be, whether any of the items allowed by the district court were improperly rejected by the circuit court.
And first, as to the item of 1,200 dollars, for losses lriosrant bi yn detesustained in the sale of the cargo at Antigua. This o dofthe
carV, not Oh C-
loss is said to have been occasioned partly by the de-^ci~smpiornope~debryctoneterioration of the corn by sea damage, ·the mi"xing of dtoursc,troenjehc-tceda.p the damiged will the sound corn by the improper -conduct of the crew of the Spider bfig of war, and partly by a fall of the price of corn during the detention of the vess-l at Antigua. We are of opinion, tlat ihis item was properly - rejected. The jury to

. CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. the corn was in no degree attiibutable to the impro-

T]h-e per conduct of the 9flicers and crew of the privateer.

Amiabi The vessel was actually bound to Antigua at the Nancy. time when she was met by the privateer, under a

necessity occasioned by stress of weather, and the

fall of the market there is precisely what would have

arisen upon the arrival of the vessel under ordina-

ry circnmstances. Unless, therefore, the sale of

the corn was compelled at Antigua, solely by the

misconduct of the privateer, (which, in our opinioni

,was the case,) the claim for such loss cannot be sus-

tained. Torhpoespi"sesiprbrolefothlcsAftenother item is 3,,500 dollars, for the loss of the

17 of a" un- supposed profits of the voyage on which the Amia-

finished voy- 'l

b

-a afird noble Nancy was originally bound. In the opinion o

rRl for d'ama

ges in a ma the court, this i em'also was properly rejected. The

retatisthe probableor possible benefits of a voyage, as yet in

Itmruaegersuileno.sufdchaf"leri, can never afford a safe rule by which to estimate

acas.

damages in cases of a marine trespass. There is

so much Uncertainty in the rule itself, so many con,

tingencies which may vary or extinguish its applica-

tioii, and so many difficulties in sustaining its legal

correctness, that the court cannot believe it proper to

entertain it.- Il several cases in this court, the claim

for:profits has been, expressly overruled; and inDel

Col v,. Arnold, (3 Dall 333.) and the Anna Maria,

(.2 Wheat. Rep. 327.) it was, after strict consideration,

held,' that the prime cost, or -value of the property lost,

at the time of the loss, and in the case of injury, the di.

riinution-in value, by reason of the injury, with interest upon such valuation, afforded the true measure for

gssening. damages. TWis rule may not secure a com.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

plete indemnity for all possible injuries; but it has 1818.

certainty and general applicability to recommend it, '

and in almost all cases, will give a fair and'just re- Amiable

compense.

Nancy.

The next item is 2,127 dollars and 60 cents. for The item for

the ransom of the vessel and cargo, and the payment the ranson of the vesselro
of the costs of court. The evidence upon this ,headjected.

is not very satisfactory in its details. It is assei ted

that the vessel was seized for the want of papers, but

whether as prize of war, or to enforce a municipal

forfeiture, is not distinctly stated ; and no copy of the

proceedings of the court is produced to c'ear up a

single doubt or obscurity. Nor does it appear, whe-

ther the com~promise was made before or after the libel

was filed; and it. is admitted that it was made-without

taking the' advice of counsel, upon tle mere opinion

of a merchant at Antigua, who supposed that a con-

demnation would certainly ,ensue. Upon what le-

gal grounds this opinion could be reasonably enter-

tained, it is extremely difficult to perceive. Assuming

that the vessel and cargo were seized as prize of war,

it cannot for a moment be admitted, that the mere

want of papers could afford a just cause of condem-,

nation. It might be a circumstance, of suspicion;

but explained (as it must have been) by the prepa-

ratory examinations of the officers and crew, andby

the fact of a'voluntary arrival, it is difficult td sup-

pose that there could be any judicial hesitation in

immediately acquitting the propErty. And the far-

thest that any prize court could, by the utmost

straining,' be presumed to go, would be to order far-

ther pxoof of the proprietary interest. It would be

VOL: III.

72

562 ·CASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

I1818. the highest injustice to the British courts to suppose thal The Sthe mere want of papers, under such circumstances, An i be could draw'after it the penalty of confiscaiion. We do Nancy. not, therefore, think, that the ransom was justifiable or
reasonable. The utmost extent of loss to which the owner was liable, was the payment of the costs and expenses of bringing the pioperty to adjudication ; and for such costs and expenses, as far as they were incur' red and paid, the owner is now entitled to receive a Aecompense. In this respect, the decree-of the circuit court ought to be amended.
The item for the supercargo's commission was also crnM;i@o.5 properly rejected. It does not -appear, with certainty, notallowed. to what sum he was entitled ;-and under the circum"
stances, if lost, (which is not satisfactorily shown,) the commissio ns -kere not lost by any act for which the respondents are liable. The sum allowed for the travel, attendence, and expenses of the supercargo in proc.uring testimony, by the circuit court, i, in our judgment, an adequate compensation.
The sum of 41 dollars was (probably by mistake) deducted by the circuit court from the expenses at An tigua. This sum is to be reinstated.
To the decree of the circuit court there are, consequently, to be added the following sums :
For expenses and costs of court at Antigua, 542 dol-
lars, 2l cents. The loss on the exchange to pay that sum,.(say)
1$8 dollars. The short allowance of expenses, 44 dollars. In the whole, amounting to the sum of 774 dol-
lars. 21 cents, on which interest, at the rate of 6 per

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cent., is to be allowed from the time of payment up to the time of thisjudgment. And the decree of the cir-
0 cuit court is to be reformed accordingly.
Decree reformed.

1818. g
Craig v.
Leslie.

(CHANCERY;)
CRAIG V. LESLIE etal.
It. C., a citisen of Virginia, being seized of real property in th1E tate, made his will: -In the first place I give, devise, and bequeath unto J. L.- and four others, "all my ertate, real and personal, of which I may die seized and possessed in an. part of Ameuric.,,in special trust, that the afore-mentioned persons, or such of them as may be living at my dealh, u ill sell my personal cstate to the highest bidder on two years credit, and my real estate on one, t.vo and three years credit, provided satisfectory security be given by bond and deed of 1rust. In the second place, I give an bequeath to my brother T. C." an alien, "a!l the proceeds-of my estate, real and personal, which I have herein directed to be sold, to be remitted to him, accordingly as the payments are wade, and I hereby declare the aforesaid J. L." and the four other persons, "to be my trustees and executors for the purposes afore-mentioned." Held, that the legacy given to T. C., in the will of R. C., was to be considered asa bequest of personal estate, which he was capable of a.:iig for his own benefit, though an alien. Equity considers land, directed in wills, or other instruments, to blo iold and converted into money, as money; and money directed to be ;mployed in the purchase of land, as land. Where the whole beneficial interest in the land or money, thus directed to be employed, belongs to the person for whose ule it is given aaourtofequity will permit the cestui que trust to take the money

CASES IN THE SUPREME TYRT

Len.ox Prout

(C11ANC.FT)1
L;Nox et al. v. PRour.
the endorser of * promissory note, v ho his been charged by due no 'lice of liedeful;ofl te maker, is no. en itkd to lie protiction of a s court ofequi y as a surety ; tire holder may procee I against either partlayt his pleasure, and does not disritarge the ctadat-er, by not itmi-g, or by counternatding fn cZecution against th,- maker.
Bythe statute ofrMar) latd, of1763, ch 23 a. 8. %%hich isrtithaps only declaratory (f the comMOn law, dn endorser- has- a right to pay the amount of tho note. or bill to the holder, aml to be sgbrog -ted to all his righrs by obtaiting an assignment ofitne lIolder'ajudgment agains t th- maker.
The anstwerofan defendant in chanrery, iliouih lie may be intere'ed to, 'the whole armount in conitroversy, is conclusive evidence. if unctnttadicted by the .Lestimony of any witnessin the cause.

APPEAL 'from a decree of the circuit court for the-
district of Columbia. The facts of this case were as follow William
Prout, the plaintiff in the court below, on the 29th of July, 1812; endorsed, without any consideration, a promissory note made by Lewis Deblois, in his favour, flr 4,400 dollars payable in thirty days after date. This note .was discounted by the defendants, as trustees for the late bank of the United S!ates, for the accommodation aid"use df the maker, and not being paid, an actijon was brought against him, and another against the endorser, in the name of the trustees, aifj judgment rendered therein in the. same circuit court, in the term of December, 1813.
In the April following,' Prout, fearful of Deblois?

OF TIM UNrrit STATVS-

failure , called on the defendant Davidson, who was'
agenit of the other defendants- and requested him to issue a ftier fircias on the judgment against Deblois, promising to show the marshal property 6r, which to levy. On the 16th of April, gr thereabouts, Da-" vidson directed an execution of that kind to issue,
and"Prout, on &eingapprized thereof, offered: to point out to the marshal prioperty of'the d'efendant,'and to indernify him for taking and selling- the same, Btit before: any thing farther was done,; Davidsonr countermanded this execution, and on the 2d of May,. 1814, or thereabouts, a ca. s. was issued against Defilois by the" clerk thro-gh mistake, and without any order of Davidson or the other defendants. Thisv was served on Deblois on the 10th of May, who ai. ferwards took the benefit of the insolvent laws in force within the district of- Columbia, the effect of which was to divide all his property among his credifors, whose demands were very eonsideiable. It appears, from the evidence, probable thai if the fie7rifa-
cias had been pro'secuted to' effect, a great part of th'e money due on the judgment, against Deblois, 'which had been recovered on the note endorsed by' Prout, would have been raised, and the latter, in that case, would have had to pay but a small sum on the one against him. But zs matteis stood,.' little or nothing was expected from the estate of Deblois; and, of' course, no part of the judgment against Prout could be satisfied in that way, but the whole still remained due and unpaid.
The fterifaciasappears to have b'een counterma;nd-
VeX.. 161

181.
Lenpkt ,
Pou-t,

SASF9 IN 'THE 'SUPREME 0 . R7

Iss. ed the day after it was received by the marshal, of'

"which

Prout had notice soon alter.

r.

On these facts, the circuit court decreed that the ap-

Piout.

peflants shofild be perpetually enjoined from proceed-
ing at law on the judgment which thei had obtained, against Prout, and that they shouM'I also pay him his costs of suit to be taxe&. From ths decree, the defen-

dants below appealed to this court.

. 4Lk1: Mr. Kei', for the appellants, argued; that this being a negotiable instrument, the liability of the plaintiff
b low,. after notice of' non-payment by the maker, was no longer conditional, .and depending on the default of the maker ; so that the holderE of the note 'could-proceed against hiM alone, without taking any step's against The maker., That, therefore, they were not bound Co issue the fte, facias against Deblois, on the ippli4.tion of the plaintiff. That having issued it, they had, a right to countermand it, provided they did not place ihe pfaintiff in a worse situation than he wasrvn before it was issued. That thefi. fa. was not
countermanded %rithany view to injure the plaintiff, tut because the agent had, ascertained that the trus'toes of the bank were not bound to issue the ft. fa.
in the first instanice, and, that it was neither right nor
safe for th e bank to give thereby a preference to the
plaintiff over other endorsers of Deblois. And that
the plaintiif vas 'not placed'in a worse situation by countermanding theft. fa.; but had it, in his power, 'under the act of assembly of Maryland of 1763, ch.
2. to tender the amount of the note to the agent of
thL6ebnk1_and obtain an assignment of the. judgment,,

GlF THE UNITE) STAT.S.

85

1y vhiA he might have secured, himself, by levying on 1818. the property still in the possession of Deblois.
V.
Mr. Jones and Mr. Law, for the respondent and ProuL
plaintiff below, argued, that the plaintiff being a mere gratuitous surety, was entitled to the protection of. a .court of equity. That'even in a court of law,- it had beepi determined, that where the htlder of a bill gave an indulgence to the -acceptor. 'fter judgment, the endorser was discharged.a That of allIforms 'of suretyship, that by endorsement emphatically entitles the surety to proteotion. the relative obligations" between the holder and endorser require the foimer in the first instance, to look to the drawer for p-iyment, and to give notice of his default to the endorser. The relief given by courts of equity to sureties on a bond is derived from the common law principles in favour of endorsers. A surety has a right to
come into equity, and compel the creditor to proceed against the principal debtor.b' If -the party for. whose benefit a contract is made prevents its execution, the' contract is rescinded. The contract bet'ween the holder and endorser is, that the former shall seek payment of the maker before he resorts to the endorser. If he disables the maker from paying, the endorser is discharged. -If the holder of the bill, or note, gives time to the acceptor or maker, in prejudice of the -endorsers, without their

4% English v. Darley, 2 Bos. 4- Pul.61.
b Nisbet v. Smith, 2 Bro. Ch.Cas. 578
ton, 2 '.TJ.un. 540.

Recs v. Berrin.

,24
1818. Lenox
V. XrPo4.

CASESIN THE SUPREME COURT
concurrence, they will be discharged from all liability, althouch they may have been previously charg. ed by notice of non-payment.a The doctrine of equity, that a surety is discharged by any indulgence shown to the principal by the cr.editor in prejudice of the surety, is applicable to every species of suretyship, whether absolute or collateral ; and whether the liability of the co-obligors, sureties, or endorsers, has beed fixed by judgment or not.b If giving time, stay"ingexecution, or taking new security, in consideration of indulgence, releases the surety, how much more ought he to be discharged by the countermand of an execution on which the money might have been levied. The statute of Maryland is only in affirmance of the pre-existing rules of equity. Nor. does it apply to this -case; the issuing of the fierifacias, at the plaintiff's solicitation, being a waiver of all right to demand a compliance with, the act.
Mr. Key, in reply, insisted, that a court of equity ,Would. not relieve in such a case as this, even if the plaintiff was to be conside'red as a gratuitous "suretyeThat the cases cited of co-obligors, or sureties, ii 'bonds, were not pertinent. This is a commercial cone ,ract. The drawer of the note aving made default%, and the endorser having had legal notice of non-payment, becomes liable absolutely. His engagement ,ceases to be collateral and contingent, and he is conr -verted into a principal debtor. The p~inctuality of
a Cltty on Bills, 300. .a. cd. 1817. b. Nisbet v. Smith, 2 Bro. Ch. Cas.'578. Rees v. Berrington. .2 Y.s-. Jun. 540. Law v. The E. I. Company. 4 Ves. 814.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

commercial dealings, and the preservation of papei eredit requires that it should be so. An indulgence given to the maker can no more discharge the endorser, when thus fixed, than an indulgence to himwill dis-charge the maker. The law does not require that the holcer should take any active measures of diligence ;
nor can a single case be found where a court of equity has compelled him to take any such meas-
zreq.

1818.
Lenox I.
Prout.

Mr. Justice LIVINGsTON delivered the opinion of the ,3farc7 91h.

courtand, after stating the facts, proceeded as fol-

lows :

The endormw

The only ground on -%Vhich this decree can be su..s-.oI a npotreo,mwisshootaiuedis, that th.e...co.u.ntermand by Davidson of tehbede.beyndcuheanrogfierifacias which had issued on the judgment againt ti. 9ftue .Deblois, absolved the complainant from all liability on ke't defaulL
i* not entiled the one which had been recovered -against him on the totheaid of a
court ofequity
same note ;'and this has been likened to certain cases as a surety.
between principals and sureties; but it does not fall

within any of the rules which it has 'been thought proper to adopt for the protedfion of the latter. Al-

-though the original undertaking of an endorser of a promissory note be contingent, and 'he cannot be

,,charged withouttimely notice of non-payment by the

miaker, yet, when the holder has 'taken ffais precaution, 'and has proceeded to judgment against both of them,

he is at'liberty to issue an execution or not, as he pleases, on the judgmenc against the maker, without af-

'fording any cause of complaint to the endorser; or if

he issues an execution,- he is at liberty to make 'choice

ofthe one which he thinks will be most beneficial to-

.

CASES.IN THE SUPREME COURP

1818. Le"n"on*
v. PrOut.

himself, without any consultation whatever with the en-
'dorser on the subject ; nor ought he to be restrained by any fear of exonerating the endorser, from countermanding the service of any execution which he may

have-issued, and proceeding immediately, if he chooses, on the judgment against the indorser. And the r-7 son iq obvious ; for.by the judgment, they have bc become principal debtors, and if the endorser gufi :any injury by the negligence of the judg :"',, creditor, it is clearly his own fault, it being his dutI , pay the money, in which case, he may take under 1,, By'the local own direction the judgment obtained against the r'w:-
land, a tker. By an act of Maryland, rt seems expressly pfovi

seeths, at'om-ded. which, is, perhaps, only declarratory of the.

mon law the
endorser has a common

law,

that

an endorser

may

tender

to

a plaintiff

hetamountothe amount of a' judkment which he has recovered

the note or bill

s agains

h the

a maker of

a

note,

and

obtain an

assignment

to the holder,

and to be sub- oi

.isrighs."But it is alleged; that in this case there was a posi-

tive agreement on the part of Mr. Davidson with Mr.

Prout, to issue afierifacias, and proceed therein, and

that by not doing so, the latter was thrown off his

guard, and lost the' opportunity of an indemnity out

of the estate of Deblois. Without deciding what might

have been the effect of such an .agreement, it .issuffi-

cient to 'say that there is no evidence of it. Mr.

Davidson' expressly denies that he agreed with the

complainant, or even promised him to issue afieri

faciasagainst the estate of Deblois, and' that he went

no farther than to say that he would consult his law-

yer. Not being able immediately tP find, his lawyer,

OF THE-UNITED STAT.S.
and not knowing whether s6me advantage might not be 1818. taken if he refused to comply with'the coniplainant's request, he directed a fieri Jaciaato be issued, which) fa
for reasons assigned by him, was afterwards recalled. .fbhtl To this answer of Mr. Davidson, it is supposed, by the claimant's counsel, no credit is due, because hipi commission on the sum in question gave him an interest in the controversy, and he might be answerable'-over. to his principal for his conduct in this business. .Ac, constat, that he wo.uld be entitled to any commission on this sum.: It is quite as probable he was acting'under a fixed salary, which would n~ot be affected by the event Iof the suit; and as to his respDnsibility, none could. Ox., ist, if he had acted within the scope of his withority; and if he had transcended his power as agent, it would hardly be fair. that his constituents should suffer by his The anser Of" act. But qdmitting both objections, and they will notad.eenrd -t in. effect the verity 6f his answer; 'or if lie hard a direct in- conradicted
byanywtncas terest in the event of the suit, and to the extent of the-ia 'coPcsive' whole sum in controversy, still his denial of a faqt di- . rectly alleged in the bill would be'entitled'to' full. crodit, according to the rules of a cOurf of equity,,AWere not a single witness has been jroduced'to disprove it, and where the circumstances of the case, "and his.own
conduct, render his account a very. proba'ble one.- if he-had not been made a, defendolnt, which was not a very correct course, he Wight eavbeen examined as a Vitness for the other defendant, or for the complainant; but. havine been made a defendant, and being the only on* acquainted' with the "transactio the court is of

CASgS IN TiE SUPREME COURT

1818. Lenox Prout.

opinion that his answer, uncontradicted as it is, i%
Sproof against the complainant of the non-existence of,
any, such agreement as he alleges, was made between them, in relation to the issuing of the fieri facias.Nor would Mr. Prout have suffered by the withdrawing of the fieri faccs,, which is the burthen of his complaint,'if he had' done what he might and ought to have done. He had sufficient notice of this fact,. before the o. sa. was served,, to-have ealled' and paid the judg-ment against him, and thus have obtained a controul over the one which had 'been recovered against Deblois. If he had done this, instead of censuring the conduct of Davidson,, lie might have issued a'fieri facias himself, and' secured a property, which irit has not been applied towards his relief, is owing more to his, own neglect in not paying, in time, a debt justly due from himpelf, than to any other cause whatever.
A person so regardless of his interest, -s well as du.ty, as Mr. Prout has been, who has not only refused to pay a note endorsed by him when due, but has put
the holders to the troubler delay, and expence, of pro eeeding to judgment against him, has but little right to be dissatisfied, if a court of equity shall not think itself
bound by any extraordinary exertions of its powers, to extricate him froin a difficulty and loss which he,
might so easily have avoided. The decree of the circuit court is reversed, and the
complainant's bill must be dismissed, with the costs of
that court, to be paid by the complainant to the defen

dant.

Decree reversed.a

a Vide ante, p. 148. Lanusse vwBarker,. note -a.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cent., is to be allowed from the time of payment up to the time of thisjudgment. And the decree of the cir-
0 cuit court is to be reformed accordingly.
Decree reformed.

1818. g
Craig v.
Leslie.

(CHANCERY;)
CRAIG V. LESLIE etal.
It. C., a citisen of Virginia, being seized of real property in th1E tate, made his will: -In the first place I give, devise, and bequeath unto J. L.- and four others, "all my ertate, real and personal, of which I may die seized and possessed in an. part of Ameuric.,,in special trust, that the afore-mentioned persons, or such of them as may be living at my dealh, u ill sell my personal cstate to the highest bidder on two years credit, and my real estate on one, t.vo and three years credit, provided satisfectory security be given by bond and deed of 1rust. In the second place, I give an bequeath to my brother T. C." an alien, "a!l the proceeds-of my estate, real and personal, which I have herein directed to be sold, to be remitted to him, accordingly as the payments are wade, and I hereby declare the aforesaid J. L." and the four other persons, "to be my trustees and executors for the purposes afore-mentioned." Held, that the legacy given to T. C., in the will of R. C., was to be considered asa bequest of personal estate, which he was capable of a.:iig for his own benefit, though an alien. Equity considers land, directed in wills, or other instruments, to blo iold and converted into money, as money; and money directed to be ;mployed in the purchase of land, as land. Where the whole beneficial interest in the land or money, thus directed to be employed, belongs to the person for whose ule it is given aaourtofequity will permit the cestui que trust to take the money

164

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. or the lard at his election, if he elect before the convers;of i

Craig V

Smade.
But in case of the death ofthe cestui que trusl, 1 ithout having detormined his election, the property will pass to his heirs or personal rt-
presentatives, ii,the same mannier as it would have done if the conversion had been made, and the trust executed inhis life time.
The ease of Roper v. Igadeliff, 9 .od. 167. exinined ; distinquished from the present case ; and, so far as it conflicts with it, overruled.

"iLIs was a case certified frbm the circuit court for
the district of Virginia, in which the opinions of the judges of that court were opposed on the following 'question ; viz. Whether the legacy given to Thomas
Craig, an alien, in the will of Robert Craig, is to be considered as a devise, which he can take only for the benefit of the commonwealth, and cannot hold ; or a bequest of a personal chattel, which he could take
for his own benefit ? This, question grows out of the will of Robert Craig,
,a citizen of Virginia, and arose in a suit brought on the equity side of the circuit court for the district of Virginia, by Thomns Craig, against the trustee named in the will of the said Robert Craig, to compel the said
trustee to execute the trusts, by sellin the trust fund, and paying over the pr6ceeds of the same to the com-
plainant., The clause in the will of Robert Craig, upon which
the q,,-stion arises, is expressed in the following terms viz. "'In 'he first place, I give, devise, and bequeath unto John L, lie," and four others, "tall my estate, real-and personal, of which I may die seized or possessed; in any part of America, in special trust, that the ;afore-mentioned persons, or such -ofthem as may be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

living atrmy death, will sell my personal estate to the highest bidder, on two years credit, and my real estate on one, two, ahd three years ciedit, provided satisfactcry security be given, by bond and deed of trust. In
the second place, 'I give and bequeath to my brother, Thomas Craig, of Beith parish, Ayrshire, Scotland, all the~proceeds of my estate, both real anl personal, which I have herein directed to be sold, to be remitted unto him accordingly as the paynients are made, and I hereby declare the aforesaid John Leslie," and the four other persons, "to be, ipy trustees and executord for the purposes afore -merioned.

;18 Craig.
v. Lclie.

The attorney generat ot Virginia, on behalf of that state, filed a cross bill against the plaintiff in'the original suit, and the trustee, the prayer of 'vhich is 'to ,compel the trustee to sell the trust estate, so far as it -consists of real estate, and to appropriate the proceeds to the use of the said commonwealth by paying' 'the same into its public treasury.

The will of Robert Craig was proved in June, 1811, and the present suit was instituted some time in the year 1815.

Mr. JVicholas, (attorney general of Virginia,) argued, that most, if not all nations, have imposed some restrictions upon the capacity of aliens, to hold to-" perty within the territory of the nation, The law -of England and the law of Virginia being the same in this respect, there is no want of reciprocity, and there is a peculiar fitness in extending the same rule to British subjects in this country, as is imposed on Ameri-

Feb. 20th.

CASES. IN THE SUPREME COURT
1818. cahicitizens in England. By the law of England Craig ,an alien cannot take a freehold y inheritance; he
v. may take by purchase, but cannot hold: it escheat3 Leslie. to the crown upon an inquest of office. Nor is this
inctpacity confined to a freehold interest : it exteinds to leaseholds, and any the smallestinterest in lands.a The severity' of this rule has been relaxed only for the benefit of commerce, and that very partialjy. An alien merchant may take a lease for years of a house for habitation, but not of lands, &c. And .eo other alien can even take a lease of a house for habitation.b The rule may be considered as illiberal, and inconsistent" with the enlightened spirit of. the age; but its wisdom may be -vindicated on many grounds ; and it can only be dispensed with by the legislative will, or by compact Nvith foreign nations. As Lord Mansfield 4iid of the laws against the Papists, "whether the policy be sound or not, so long as they continue in force they must be executed by courts of justice according to their true intent and meaning. The legislature only can vary or alter the law."c The property in question consisted of real estate, which remained in specielat the time of the devisoils death. The devise of a trust in lands cannot operate for the benefit of an alien. No equitable fiction can change the specific quality of the property. It i3 the settled doctrine of the common law, that an alien cestai que

a Co, Lit. 2. b largrave's notes. Calvin's case, Co. Rp.

part 7. 18. b. 1 lb.

c Foone v. Blount, Cowp. 466.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

5

trilt~can only take for the king's use'a .All the rea- 1818. sons t of policy wlich incapacitate him from holding C .raig a ligal estate in lands, equally apply to disable him T. from, h6lding an equitable esiate in the same species Leslie. of prpperty; it is the usufruct, of which the law aim.-? tqieprive him. Trust estates are governed by precisely the same rules as legal estates. "The f'crium where it is adjudged," says Lord Mansfield, speakipg in a court of equity, "is the only difference between trusts and legal estates. Trusts here are cqnsidere1, as between the cestui que trust, and trustee, (and all claiming -by, through or under them or in consequence of their estates;) as the ownership and as legal estates, except when it can be pleade'l in bar of this right of jurisdiction. Whatever would be the rule of- law if it was a legal estate, is applied in equityto a trust estate."b Again; speak-i ing of the case of Banks v. Sutton, he says, "So that I take it by the great authorily of this determination :on clear law and reason, cestui que trust is actually and absolutely seized of the freehold in consideration of this court; and. that, therefore, the legal con-
sequence of an actual seizure of the freehold, shall in this court follow for the benefit of one in the

a The King v. Holland, S!!les, 20. SlMyn, 14. Rolle's A.br.
15. .534. The AttJi ney General v. Sir George Sands, 180, 131. 3 Ch. Rep. 33. Hbart,214. 1Mud. 1.7. Hardres, 495. Cro. Jac. 512, G;icrl on Uses and TrusLfs, 24-. 1
Cow. Dig. 300. 1Bac. 15r. let. C.lit.li.en, 1:32. Harri-
son's caz', Mr. Jeffersin's correspondence with Mr. Ham-
mond, State Paprrs, Waite's ed. voL 1.p. 374. b Burgess v. Wheate; I W. BL. -160,

58
181 . Cri aig
v. Leslie.

CASES' IN THE SUPREMETCOURT
pait.,,a The cestri que trnst, in the present case7 takes an interest which extends to the whole estate with an election to take it as land. Nobody but he can cormipel the trustees to sell, and they may holod
the trust, and apply it for the benefit of the cestui que trust forever'' This is precisely the mode in which the monastic and other ecclesiastical institutions, perverted the invention of uses, in order to evade the statutes of imortmain, anct they might be applied in the s34ne manner to evade the disability of aliens to hold a legal estate in -real property. Even supposing this to be a personal trust; it is a devise of the profits growing out of land, which would, until a sale, accumulate for the advantage of an alien, and is equivalent to a devise of the land itself to an alien.6 There is nothing compulsory upon the trustees to sell, and by collusion between them and the cestti. que trust, the sale might be postponed forever, whilst an alien enjoyed the profits of the lands, and. transmitted them tb his representative. But this devise of the proceeds of th sale of lands was, in effect, a devise of real property. The lea:'ing case on this silbjecte is strongly fortified by subsequent decisions. d In Roper v. Radcliffe, it was solemnly de-

all. 161, 16 b 1 Sa M 228. 1 E 7.Cas. Abr. 93. 1 Yes. 41. Go. Lift 48. a. Cro. Eliz. 199o
c Roper v. RI.adcliffe, 9 luad. 17. 13 1. d The Attorney Gmneral v. Lord WeVymouth, Ambler, 20 Davers v. Dewes, 3 P. Wins. 46. Hill v. Filkens, - P. Wins. 6. 10 Mod. 483. Tire King v. The Inhabitants of Wivelingham, Doug. 737.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

56

terniined that lands given in trusts or derived to pay debts and legacies, shall be deemed as money in respect to creditors, but not in respect to the heir at law or residuary legatee, in respect to whom they shall be deemed in equity as'lands: and thai, consequently, the residue, in that case, being devised to persons incapable of holding an interest in lands, the devise was vi .The application of this principle to the present cd:!e is obvious. Nor can the consequence of forftiture be avoided by.the cestai que trust electinc to take the property as money. The exercise of the right of election for such a purpose was denied in Roper v. Radcliffe, and in the Attorney General v. Lord Weymouth. The rights of th e commonwealth may be enforced in a court of equity, because the disability of an alien to hold lands for his own benefit is not consid-
ered as'a penal forfeiture, but arises merely from the" policy of the law. It has, therefore, been adjudged in equity, that he cannot demur to the discovery of any circumstances necessary to establish the fact of alienage.a

1818. Cai
v. Leslie.

Mr. Vickharm, contra, argued, that this was a mere quiestion as between the heirs and personal representatives. If the property in question be real property in the view of a court of equity, it is admitted that an alien cannot hold it. But, on the other hand, if it be personal property, it cannot be denied that he may take and hold it. If, as between citi-

a The Attorney General v. Duplessis, Parker, 144. 5 Bro.

FarL Cas. 91.

Ve,-. III

23

1818.
Craig
v.1 Leslie.

,CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
zens, it be personal, property, it must be so as re-
spects aliens. A court of law can only 'look to the legal quality of the property. At law the interest is vested in the trustee; but a court of equity takes
notice of the title of the ccstui que trust, as beneficially interested, and regards the quality of the estate as respects his interest only. It is incontestible,'that there may be personal trusts of real property. Such are the familiar instances of trusts for the payment of debts and legacies charged on land; trusts for raising portions, and bankrupt's estates; in all of w*hich the property goes to the personal representatives, without any question as to tht citizenship or alienage of 'tbe cestui que trust. It is an elementary principle, which lays at the very foundation of the doctiine of equity, that land d*.rected to be sold and converted into money, and money directed to be employed in the purchase of land, are considered as that species of property into which they are directed to be converted.a And it is immaterial in what manner the direction is given, whether by will or deed; or in what state the property is found, in land or notcb The argun.ent on the other side, that the alien having the
a Doughty v. Bull, 2 P. Wins. 32., Attorney Genera; v. Johnson, Atnl. 580. Yates v. Compton, 2 P. Wimn. 503. Fletcher v. Ashburner, I Bro. Ch.-Cas. 501. Ackroyd v. Smithsoni, Id. 503. Berrs v. Usher, II Pes. 87. Robinson v. Taylor, 2 Bro. Ch. Cas.589. Williams v. Coade, 10 Ves.,500. Biddulph v. Biddulph 12 Ves. 160.
l"Edwards et ux. v- Coun.,es. of Warwick, 2 P. Wins. 171. Biddulph v. Biddulph 12 Ves. 160. Thornton v. Hawley. 0 Ves. 129

OF THE UNITED STATES.
right to elect that the property should not be sold, therefore it must be considered as land, may be answered by another, equally good: That having the right to say it shall be sold, it must, therefore, be considered as money. But it is denied that an alien has an election to make it real property. As an infant cannot make an election for want of capacity ;,z so an alien cannot elect to take, because he canot hold real property. The right of' election is a benevolent principle, applying for the benefit, not for the injuiy of parties.b The cestui que trust, in this case has elected to* take it as money, by his bill praying for a sale. -But, supposing him to have been silent, the elementary writers lay down the rule that it remains personal property. As the party who has his election, may determin'e to take the property as land to be sold for his benefit, or money to be investeJ in land, the question can only arise between the heirs and persoual representatives. Some cases, which appear to be exceptions to the rule, confirm it, Such are the cases of a resulting trust to the heir, where the purposes of the trust are fulfilled, or at an end;c the cases where the union 'of title to the estate, as real and personal, extinguishes the demand,d and the cases where the intention is obscure. The rule extends to all cases where the quality of money

IL13. CidigT. Les!ie.

a Seely'v. Jago, I P. Wins. 289. Earlom v. Saunders,
.nibL 241.
b Grimmit v. Grimmit, .Ambl. 210 c Hewitt v. Wright, I Bro. Ch. Cas. 86. And.see 16 Yes.
191. 18 Yea. 174. 1 Ves. 4-.Beames, 272.
d Pultney v. Lord Darlington, I Bro. CI. Cas. S26.

72
1813. ' v. Leslie.

CASES IN THE SUPREEM COURT
is imperatively fixed on land by the will or deed.
As to Roper v. Radcliffe, its analogy to the present
case is remote; it has always been considered a very questiohable case; and it is not to be put in competi-
tion with the more direct authorities already cited. By the act of Parlia4nt, under \vbich that case was determined, a Catholic cannot even purchase but at common law, an alien may not only purchase, but hwod against all the world except" the crown. That -case ig not cbnfirmed by Lord Chancellor King, in Davers v. Dewes. On the contrary, he says, that if the point "were res integra, it would be, indeed,
very questionable:'a Its reasoning is also luestioned by Lord Mansfield.b The case of the 'Attorney Ge-
neral v. Lord Waymouthe does n6t fortify it, and has no analogy to the case nov before the, court. Here "s no devise of the annual perceptions of profits, but the cestai qu'e.trz.t is entitled to the proceeds of the sale of the land as a sum in gross ; Pnd there is no precedent far confiscating profits of af -estate purchased by an alien,'which profits were actually, received before office found. Nor can the argument, 'that, Iby"collusion between the trustee and the alien -cesttti que trust, the latter may go on for ever receiving the profits of. land, be supported; because it is arguing against a right from it possible abuse, (always an unsound mode of reasomng,) and, because the same thing may hapFen bet',een an alien and any

a 3 -P. lWns. 46. b Foone v. Blount, Cowp. 467 9 Anmbl. 20.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

6stensible owner of land. All that a court of equity, in any case, would do, would be 'to refuse Ao- decree the land to the Mien;, and compelhim to relinquish hi3 claim unless he took the money. But equity, ywill not aid to enforce a confiscation. Thus, where the 4estator directed money io be laid out itlanI, the mpney not having' been laid out, Lord Rosslyn held, that the crown, on failure of heirs, had no equity against the:
next of kin to have it laid out in real estate in order to claim by escheat.4

1818.
Craig
V.
Lesie.

The ,Attorney-General, in reply, -admitted, that in considering the legal operation of the devise, the national character of the devisee Wis to be laid out of ,view; and that the estate, Which its terms would pass could not be varied by any consideration of that char.-actei. As an alien is capable of taking (though not of holding) a direct fee in the lands, he is also capable of taking any lesser estate than a fee, under any .modification of trust, express or implied. There is nothing, therefore in the character of an alien to repel, or even to narrow1 the legal operation of the terms of the devise. Whatever estate they wouid passto a citizen, the same they will pass to an alien. What estate then vould pass to a citizen? It is said, a personal estate only, because, the testator having,'directed the land to be sold, -has stamped upon it the character t;f personal properiy. But this is not the whole effect of the terms of the devise. They give to the legatee the option of taking the land ; and
a Walker v. Donne, -2 Ves. Jun; 170.

74
1818. %7W Crag Leslie.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in so doing, they give him an interest in the land itself. This option thus c:.st upon the legatee is not the effect of any act to be done by him. To create the right of election, it is not iecessary that he shr uld actnally elect, or that he should be able to elect. The mistake on the other -ide results from confounding the right of eleclion with the exeicise of that right. The right to choose is the legal effect of the devise, and stamps a character on the estate. The fact of electing is a subsequent act, wh'ch may or may not take, place ; but which, whether done or not, cannot alter either the character of the devise, or the option which it casts upon every one capable of taking under it, or the legal estate in the lands which this option creates. The option thus given to the devisee by the terms of the will is an operative principle, which, whether exercised or not, still gives eo instant! that the will ta'kes effect, an interest in the lands, which, if the devisee Ixe incapable of holding, they pass to the commonwealth. So far is the effect of this option from awaiting an act or election to be done by the devisee, and depending on such act, that it has been decided where a subsequent elee"nn hal been made to take as money, by persons disabled to hold the interest in land, that the act of election came too late to change the character of the devise, whieh, by virtue of the option it carried with it, had thrown upon the devisee an estate in the lands the instant the will itself began its operation. It is true that the decision in Roper v. Radcliffe is founded on a particular act of parliament against papists; but this is no objection,

OF THE UNITED STATES

57

if the act of parliament creates precisely the same dis-
abilities in respect to the Catholics which the common law had created in relation to aliens. For if their respective disabilities as to the land be the same, a devise of lands to one, .viil receive precisely the same construction as a devise of lands to the other. The object of the stat. of 1 tli and 12Ih of William III. ch. 4. was to render Papists aliens, in regard to lands in England. The stability of the g-ivernment being supposed to depend upon this p'-licy, "the design of the maker of this law," says Lord Chief Justice Parker, "was, first, to get the lands of this kingdom out of the hands of Papists. '-"And, secondly to prevent them from' making any new aquisition."a The first objection does not relate to aliens; but the second applies precisely to, them, and thu. provisions of the act, as to Papists, are substantially the same with those of the common law as. to aliens. It is not, however, the disabilities of either which are to affect the construction of this devise: that construction is first to be made on the terms of the devise itself, and ihen whatever legal conse-. quence would result from the disability of the one, will equally result from that of the other. In Roper v. Rad: cliffe, it was held that, though lands devised to be ab-
solutely sold for the payment of debts and legacies, were to be consideredl as money, so far as creditors and' legatees were concerned, yet, as to the residuary de-visee they were to be considered as lands, because of his option to prevent the sale by paying the debts.

1818. Craig
..
Leslie.

a 9 Mod. 191.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1818. Craig
a.

and legacies or his option to have a decree for the sale of so much only at the debts and legacies should require; and, it was determined in that

Leslie. case, that the residuum devised to the Papists

should be considered as land, and, therefore, wifhin the prohibition of !he statute. The authority

of this-case has been repeatedly recognized in subse. quent decisions, all of which concur to show that, though a devise of lands to be sold is considered as personal estate, as to creditors and specific legatees, yet it is considered as land in respect to the heirs and residuary legatees.a And \yhere none of it is wanting for the payment of debts and legacies, the whole may be retained as land. This doctrine is founded on the right of "election, resulting from the devise. But no actual election need be made to produce the legal effect; it is the same, though the parties are disabled to elect: they cannot defeat it- operation by electing to take as money; and where nothing is done indicative of an election, the principle still op-

.Afrc/r

erates. I Ith.
Mr. Justice WASHINGTON delivered the opinion of the court. The incapacity of an alien to take, and to hold beneficially, a legal or equitable estata in real property, is not disputed by the counsel for the plaintiff; and it is admitted by the counsel for the state of

a Hill v. Fdkins, 2 P. Wins. 6. Davers v. Dewe3, 3 P.Wins. 46, Carrick v. Fergus, 2 P. Wins. 362. 2 Bro. Parl. Caa.
412. 2 P. Wins. 4. The Attorney General v. Lcrd Wey. mouth, Ambl 20. The King v. The Inhabitants of WivelinghM, Doug. 737.

OF THE UNITED SrATES.

b77

Virginia, that this incapacity does not extend to personal estate. The only irquiry, then,' which this court has to make is, whether the above clause in the will of Robert Craig, is 'to be construed, under all the

1818. r Craig v. Leslie.

circumstances of this case, as a bequbst to Thomas

Craig of personal property, or as a devise of the land

itself?

Were this a new question, it would seem extreme, ly difficult to raise a dou.bt respecting it. The common sense of mankind would determine, that a devise of

morley, the proceeds of land directed to be sold, is a devise of money, notwithstanding it is to arise out of

land; and-that a devise of land, which a testator

by his will directs to be, purchased, will pass an interestin theland itself, without regard to the character of the fund out )f which the parchase is to

be made,

The settled doctrine of the courts of equity corres- si ltyan.

pond with this obvious ccnstruction of wills,i. as well rsoeltdedandtocobne.

as of other 'instruments, whereby land is directed to mveorntedy, as irntoo-

be turned into money, or money into land, for the ney.; and mo-

benefit of those for whose use the conversion is intEn- ne directd

ded to be made.

teemployed
In the case of Fletcher v. Ash-inthepurchase

burner, (I Bro. Ch.

Cas, 497.) the

master

of the

of land,
rolls land.

as

says, that "nothing is better established than this principle, that money directed to be employed in the purchase of land, and land directed to be sold and

turned into money, are to be considered as that species. of property into which they are'directed to be converted, and this, in whatever manner the direction is given." -re adds, "the owner of the fund, or the

contracting parties,' may make land money, or money

VOL. III.

74

578

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

1818. ' Craig
Vi.
leslie.

land. The cases establish this rule univerially."

This declaration

is

well warranted by the

cases top as by

which the master of the rolls refers, as well

many others. (See Dougherty v. Bull, 2 P. Wns. 320. Yeates v. Compton, Id. 358. Trelawney v. Booth, 2 .t4c. 307.
The principle upon which the whole of this doctrine is founded is, that a court of equity, regarding the substancle, and not,the mere forms and ci,cumstances of agreements and other instruments, considers things directed or agreed to be one, as having been actually performed, where nothing has intervened whicb ought to prevent a performance. This qualification of the more concise and general rule, that equity considers that to be (lone which is agreed to be done, will comprehend the cases which come under this head of

Where theequity. -Whole benefi- Thus,

where

the whole

beneficial

interest

in

the

mo-

cial interest in
in one ney in

the

one case,

or

in the land in the other, belongs

theland

the person for whose use it is given, a court of equi-

case, rn the to

tioer,the bpeelorsnogn. ty will not compel the trustee to execute the trust

for whose use against the wishes of the cestuy que trsf, but will per-

it is

given, a --
mit him totake

the money or

the

land, if he elect to-

court ofequity

westui ursthedo so before the conversion has' actually been made:

to take the mand this election he may make, as well by acts or dec-

rey or land at .. before
1h,eiseeleleccttion, iflarations, clearly indicating

,.Icrmination to that ef-

the conyersionfect as by application to a court of equity. It is this

is nade" election, and not the mere right to make it, which chan-

ges the character of-the estate so as to make it real or personal, at the will of the party entitled to the bcne-fi

cial interest.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

If this election be not mtde in time to stamp the 18.

property with a character different from that which the will or -other instrument gives it, the latter ac,companies it, with all its legal consequences, into the

Craig
v. Leslie.

hands of those entitled to' it in that character. So But it %ehj-

that in case of the death of the cestzy qui trust, with-t" ithout

out having determined his election, the property will having deter-

pass to his heirs or personAl representatives, in th.e tpioenr,y wthiell ppaross-

same manner as it would have (lone had the trust been to his helrs'

life or personal re-

executed, and the conversion actually made in his presentaves,

in the same

,-ime.

manner as it

In the case of Kirkman v. Mills, (13 Yes.) Which wdoonueldi thehcaovne-

was a devise ofreal estate to trustees upon trust toversion had

_been made,,
as the rents and the trust

sell, and themoneys arising, as well

profits till the sale, to be equally divided between the lifexectedinhis

testators, three daughters, A. B. and C: The estate was, upon the death of A. B. and C., considered and treated as personal property, notwithstanding the x.estuy que trusts, after the death of the testator, had entered upon, and occupied the land for about two

years prior to their deaths; but no steps had been taken by them, or by the trustees, to sell, nor had any requisition to that effect been inade by the former to

the latter. The master of the rolls was of opinion that the occupation of the land for two years was t6o shortto presume an election. He adds, "the opinion of Lord Rosslyn, that property was to be taken as it happened to be at the death of the party front whom the representative claims, had been much

doubted by Lord Eldon, who held, that without some act, it must be considered as being in the state in

OCASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

IR18 CrVa.ig

which it ought to be ; and that Lord Rosslyn's rule wasnew, and not according to the prior cases.
The same doctrine is laid down and maintained in

.lesle.

the casa of Edwards Y. The Countess of Warwick (2- P. Wins. 171.) which was a covenant on mariage to invest 10,0001., part ofthe lady's fortune, in the pur chase of land in fee, to be settled on the husband fo life, remainder to his first and every other son in tai male, remainder to the husband in fee. The only son of this marriage having died without issue, and "in testate, and the investment of the money not having
been made during his life, the chancellor decided that the money passed to the heir at law ; th?,t it was in the election of the son to have made this money, or to have disposed of it as such, and that, therefore, even his parol disposition of it would have been regarded; ,but that something to determine the election must be -none.

This doctrine, so -xeli"established by the cases which "Iaave been referred to, and by many others' which "The case of'it is unnecessary to mention, seems to be conclu' Roperv.Rad- sive upon the question which this court is called upon cliffe, 9 od 167.exanined.to aecide, and would render any farther investigation
ofit useless, .were it not for the case of Roper v. Radcliffe, which was 'Cited, and mainly relied upon, 'by the counsel for the state of Virginia.
The short statement of that case is as follows; John Roper conveyed 'all his lands to trustees and their heirs, in trust, to sell the same, and out of the proceeds, and of the rents and profits till sale, to pay -certain debts, and the overplus of the money to be paid as he, the said Joho Roper, by his wvill or other-

OF, THE UNITED STATES.-

BE

'vise ihould appoint, and for want of such appoigtment, for the benefit of the said John Roper, and his heirs. By. his will reciting the said'deed, and the powe re-

1818. C v.

served to him in the surplus of the said real estate, he

.bequeathed several pecuniary legacies, and then gave the residue of his real and personal est-te to 'William

Constsble and Thomas Radcliffe, and two :iers, aid

to their heirs. By a codicil to tlis will, he bequeathed

other pecuniary legacies; and the remainder,'whether

in lands or personal estatej he gave to the said W. C. and T. R.

Upon a bill filed by W. C. and T. R. against the heir'

at law of John Roper, and .the other trui.es, praying

to have the - trust executed, and the residue of the

money arising from the sale -of the lands to be paid

over to them ; the heir at law opposed the execution

(of the trust, and claimed the land as a resulting-trust;

upon the ground: of the incapacity'of*Constable and.

Radcliffe to take, they being papists. The decree-of

the court of chancery, which was in favour of the pa2

Pists, was, upon appeal to the hoause of lords, reversed,

and the title of the heir at law' sustained; six judges'

against five, being in his favour.

-

Without stating at large the'opiniion upon which the

reversal took place, this aourt will proceed, Ist. To

examine th,- general principles laid down in thittopin-

ion ; and then, 2d. The case itself, so far as it has b~en"

pressed upon us as an authority to rule the question be-

fore the cotirt.

In performing the first part of this undertaking,

It will not be necessary to' question any one of the

premises laid down in that opinion. They are,

Leslie.

582

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. 1. That land devised to trustees, to sell for payment Craig Sof debts and legacies, is to be deemed as money.
v. This is the general doctrine established by all the

Leslie. cases referred to in .the preceding part of this opinion.

Law, devis-2. That the heir at law has a resulting trust in such

ed to trustees,land, so far as it is of value, after the debts and lega-

to sell for payment of debts cies are paid,

and that he may come into

equity and

i

ald legacies, is
to be deemed restrain the

trustee from

s
sellirg

more

than

is neces-

Theeir atsary to pay the debt and legacies ; or he may offer to

law has a re- pay them himself, and pray to hate a conveyance of

sultingtrustin-"
such lands, af-the part

of

the

land not sold

in the first case,

and

the

ter the debts
and lepgceswhole

in

the latter,

which

property

will,

in

either

case,

are Patd, antdbe land, and not money. This right to call for a con-

eu'tya.tr_veyance aycme into is very correcty styled a privilege, and it

tee from sell-is one which a court of equity will never refuse,

ing mor;, than
sufficient tounless, there are strong

reasons

for

refusing it.

The

mayother tor

pay themhim- which is incontrovertible, that where the testator

sell; MW piray
a conveyance merely

directs the

real estate to

be converted

into

of the part of
the land not money, for the purposes directed

in his will, so much

sold in the first
"e, and the of the estate,

or' the

money

arising from

it, as is not it arise

whol 'inthe effectually disposed of by the will, (whcther
latter, which

pthroerpecratyseinweillif-rom some omission or defect in the will itself, or

belndandnot from ariy subse4uent accident, which prevents the ,"ny. devise froin taking effect,) results to the heir at law,

as the old use not disposed of. Such was the case of Crewe v. Bailey, (3 P. Wins. 20.) where the testa-

tor having two sons, A. and B. 'and three daughters, devised his lands to be sold to pay his debts, &c. and

as to the moneys arising by the sale, after debts paid, gave £200 to .A.the eldest son, at the age of 21, and the residue to his four younger children. A. died be-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

fore the age of 21, in consequence of which, the be- 1818.

quest to him failed to take effect. The court decided that the £200 should bb considered as land to descend to the heir at law of the testator, because it

"Crdig v.
Leslie.

was in effect, the same as if 4o much land as was of

the value of £200 was not directed to be sold, but

was sufferred to descend. The, case of Ackroyd v.

Smithson, (1 Jro Ch. C=. b03.) is one of the

same kind, and establishes the sanie priniciple. S6,"

likewise, a money provision under a nhrriage con-

tract, to arise out of land, which did not take'effect r

on account of the death of the party for whose bene. fit it was intended, before the time piescribed, re-

sulted as money to the grantor, so as to pass under a residuary clause in his will. (Hewitt v. Wright, 1

Bro. Ch. Cas. 86.) But even in cases of resulting trusts, for the bene-- tnBtuotfitfhthe etierm
fit of, the heir at law, it is settled that if the intent ttoathoar a peiatetros

of the testator appears to have been to itamp upon stamp- upon

the proceeds of the

land

described

to

be

sold,- thiethepods
reefed to be

quality of personalty, not only to subserve the par-sold, the qual

ticular purposes of the wi,ll, bht .to all intents, th·e tyK,nooftpoerysc~noarl

claim of the heir at law to a resulting trust is defeat- tm.e.pcposaertiocuthlaer-

ed, and the estate is considered to b; personal.

This willbut toaU6
.

was decided in the case of %Yeatesv. Compton, (2 P. icnlateimnts.of tthhe,

Wins. 308.) in which the chancellor, says, that theheir at law

to a resulting-

intention of the will -was to give away all from the trot.. 'is de-

feated, and the

heir, and to turn the land into personal estate, and dees-teadte istoconbrie:

that this was to be taken as it was at the testator'spersonal.

death, and ought not to be altered by any subsequent

accident, and decreed the heir to join in the sale

of the .land and the money arising therefrom* to be

18L8.
U3;ig V.
Leslie.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
paid over as personal estate to the representatives of
the annuitant, and to those of the residuary legatee. In,he case of Fletcher v. Ashburner, before referred to, the suit was brought by the heir at law of the
testator, against the per'sonal representatives and the trustees claiming the estate upon the ground of a resulting trust. But the court decreed the property, as money, to the personal representatives of him to whom the l eneficial interest in. the money was be.queathed, and the iaster of the rolls observes, that the cases of Erinblyn v. Freeman, and Crewe v. Bailey are 'those where real estate being diiected to be sold, sonie part of the disposition has failed, and the thing devised has not accrued to the repre sentative, or devisee, by which -omething has re,.
sulted to the heir at law. It is evident, therefore, from a view of the above
cases, that the title of the heir to a resulting trust can never arise, except when something is left undisposed of, either by some defect in the will, or by some subsequent lapse, -which prevents the devise from taking effect ; and not even then, if it appears that- the intention of the. testator wa's to change the nature of the estate from land to money, absolutely and entirely,. anal not -merely to serve the purposes of the will. ButI the' ground upon which the title of the heir rests is, that whatever is not disposed of remains to him, and partakes of the old use, as if it had not been directed to be sold.
The third proposition laid down in the -case of Roper v. Radcliffe, is, that equity will extend the same privilege to the residuary legatee which is allowed

OF THE UNITED STAT9S.

36

to the heir, to pay the debts and legacies, and call for 1818.

a conveyance of the real estate, 'or to restrain the,£r.us-

tees from selling 'mnore than is necessary to pay khe Y.

debts and legacies.

Leslie.

This has, in effect, been admitted in the preceding £uity will

part of this opinion; because if the cestai que trUSt,extend the

of the whole

beneficial

interest

in

the mo4ey

same privilege
to- arise to the regidua-

trorm the sale of the land, may claim this privilege, Y late

which is allow

it follows, netessarily, that the residuary legatee May,)tYo ytheheibr

becaus6 he is, irk effect, the beneficial' owner ofand le acie,

the whole, clhhrged

with the zlebts

and legacies,

fr.·and, call. for a
fromconveyance of

hewil

to

-

the real estate,

which he will be:permitted to disharge it, by pay-or to'restrain

ing the debts and legacies, or may claim so much of he trumstee

from selling

the real estate as may not be necessary for that purn6r than N

pose,

necessary to pay' the debts

But the courf cannbt accede to the conclusion, and Ipgaies "

which, in; Roper v. Radcliffe, is deduced from the es-- The conolu-

e p ."

sion-which, in

tablishment of the above princples. That canclu-R.p. Rad-

sion is that in respect to-the residuar - legatee, such ifr"rVed.

3

7

cedfromthe

a (revise ;shall be 'deemed as land in equity, thoughabove princi

in respect to the creditors and specfic lfefgiatlegeaseeistitiissreprsieepssp,d.catthetgaot thine

dengrxed as money. It, is admitted, with this qualifi, tee suc.ra.e

caion, that, if the residuary legatee thinks proper to considsehraeldl baes

avail himself of the privilege of taking it as land, by land inequity,

,'

.though

in re

ilakitig an election in his life time, the property will speet to the creditors and
len assume the character of land. ' But if he does stcijAcegateu

riot make

this election,

the property

retains

its

Aii deemed as cna-6ioney-deni

racter of person'alty to -every intent and purpose.-. ed.

The cises before citeld seem to the court to be con-

clusive upon this point; aid none were referred' to,"

or have come under the view of the court, which

'VOL. IIL

75

-"

86
1818. %.0-
Y.
Leslie.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sanction the conclusion made in the unqualified terms used in the case of Roper v. Radcliffe.
As to the idea that the charaeter of the estate is af-
fected by this right of election whether the right be claimed or not, it appears to be as repugnant to ieason,
as we think it has, been shown to be, to principle and authorities. Before any thing can be made of the proposition, it should be shown hat this right or privilege af election is so indissolubly united with the devise,
s to constitute a part of it, and that it may be exerciseJ in all cases, and under all circumstances.This was, indeed contended for with great ingenuity and abilities by thb counsel for the state of Virginia, hit it was not proved to the "satisfaction of the court.
It certainly is not true, that equity will extend this -privilege in all cases to the cestai que trust. It will be nefused if. he be an infant. In the case of Seely v. Jago, (1 P. W'ms. 389,) where money was devised to be laid out inl and.ia fee, to be sittledJon!A. B. and C. and their heirs, equally to be divided. On the death of A., his infanit heir, together with B. and C., filed their bill claiming' to have the money, which was dqcreed accordingly as to B. and C.; but the share of the infant was ordered to be put out for: his benefit,. and the reason assigned 'was, that he was incapable (f mking an election, and that suich election, if permitted, would, in case of his death, be prejudicial* to his
heir. it the case of Foone v. Blount, (Cbwp. 467.)
Lord Mansfield, who ia-.compelled to acknowledge the tuth-prity of Roper v. Radcliffe in 'parallel cases,

Or THE UNITED STATES.

51

combats the reasoning of Chief Justice Parker upon this doctrine of election, with irresistible force. He suggess, as the true answer to it, that thouh i avariety of cases this right exists, yet it was inapplicable to the case of a person who was -disabled by law from taking land, and that therefore a court of equity would, in such a case, decree that he should take the property as .money.
The case of Walker v. Denne, (P Yres.' Jun. 17Q.) seems to apply with great force to t.iH3 part of our suliject. The testator directed money to be laid out in 'lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or on long terms, with limitations applicable to real estate. The money
not having been laid out, the crown, on failure of .heirs, claimed the money as land. It was decided thai the crown had no equity against the next of kin to 'have the money laid ouf in real estate in order to clain it by, escheat. It was added, that the devisees) on becoming absolutely entitled, have the option given by the will ; and a deed of appointment by one of the cestui que trists, though afeme covert, was held a sufficient
indication of her intention that it should continue personal, against her- heir claiming it as ineffectually disposed of for want of her examination. 'This case is peculiarly strong, from the circumstance, that the elcttion is embodied in the devise itself; but this was
not enough, because the crown had no equity to force an election to be made for the purpose of producing an escheat.
Equity would surely proceed contraryto its regular course, and the pxinciples which universally govern it to allow the right' of el&utioa 'where it i.

1818. C'rva.ig.
Leslie.

ICASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818,' Craig
,.
LUslik,

sired, and can be lawfully made, and yet refuse to decree the money upon the application of the alien, upon no other reason, but because, by law, he is incapable to hold the land ; in short' to consider him in
the same situation as if he had made an election, which wou.! have been refused ha.4 he asked for a conveyance. The more just and correct , rule.
would seem to be, that where the cestui que trust is incapable to take orto hold the land beneficially, the right of election does not ,exist, and, consequenfly, that the property i:r to e considered as being of that species into which it is directed t6 be conyerted.

Having made these observations upon the principles

laid down in the c .se of Roper v. Radcliffe, and upon

the argument urged at the bar insupport of them, very

few words will suffice to show that, as an authority,

it s inapplicable to this case.

"The csae of The incapacities of a papist under the English sta-

Roner v.Rad
cliffe distin tute of 11 and

12

11m. III. c.4, and

of an alien at

ghed fm .. on law, are extremely dissimilar. The former

isincapable to take by purchase, any lan/s, or profits 'out of lands ; and all estates, terms, and any other inp t.erests orproflts whatsoever out of lands, to bV macfe, suffered. or done, to, or for thd use of such persun, or upon any trust for him, or to, or for the benefit, or relief of any such person,,are declared by the statute to

he utterly void. Thus, it appears, that he cannot even take. His
incapacity is not confined to- land, but to any profit, interest, benefit, or relief,-iii or out of it. He is not
?X2ly disibled fromtakipo, haying tug Waefit of,any

OF THE UNITED STATES

such interest, but the will or deed itself, which at- 1818.

tempts to' pass it, is void. In. Roper v. .,Radcliffe, it '
was strongly insisted, thai the money given to the
papist, which was to be the proceeds of the- land, was

Cr ai v-
Leslie.

a orofit or interest out of the land. If this. be so,

(and' it is not irmterial in thiz case to affirm or

deny that position,) tien ihe will of John Roper in

relation to the bequest to the two papists ioas void

under the statute; upi if so, the iight of the heir at

law of the testator, to te resi.lue, as a-resulli:ig trust ,

was incontestible. * The cases above cited'have fully

established that principle. In that case, too, the-rents

and profits, till the sale, would have belonged to the

papists, if they were capable of taking, -hich

brought the case still more strongly within the sta-

tute ; and this was mniieh relied on, not only in rea-

soning upon the vords, but the policzf of the sti-

tute.

Now, what is the situation of an alien? He can An -cn may not only take an interest in- land, but a freehold inte-chnse, a ree
hold, or other
rest in 'he land itself, and miay hold it against all the iitaerestin land
and mavyoldit
world but the king, and ·cven against him until office-awooirindstaelxlcetphe found, and h- is not accountalble for .the rents and heking ; and

profits previously reveived.. In this case the will be---ehviemnuntailgoafifnicset ing valid, and the alien0 capable of taking under it, found; and is
ano accounta
there can be no resulting trust to the heir, and theble for the claim of the slate is founded solely upon a supposed ret s apro equity, to have the land by escheat, as if the alien recen-ed.
had, or could upon the principles of a court of

a Vide ante, p. 12. Jackson cx dem. State of Newv-York v. Cjarke, note e.

90 1818.
CrraigI
Leslie.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.
equity have elected to take the land instead of the money. The points of difference between the two case are ;o striking 'thatit would be a xVaste of time to notice them in detail.
It may be further observed, that the case of Roper v. Radcliffe has never, in England, been ppplied to the case of aliens ; that its aulthority has been submitted to with reluctance, anl is strictly confined in its application to cases precisely parrall. to it. Lord Mansfield, in the case of Foone v. Blount, speaks of it with marked disapprobation ; and we know, that had Lord Trevor been present, and declared the opin. ion he had before entertained, the judges would have been equally divided.
The case of the Attorney General and Lqrd Weymouth, (Ambler.2O.) was also pressed upon the court, as strongly supporting that of Roper v. 'Radcliffe, and as bearing upon the present case. - The fist of these propositions might be admitted although it is certain that the mortmain act, upon which that case was decided, is even stronger in its expression than the .tatute against Papists, and the chancellor so considers it; for, he says, whether the surplus be considered as money or land, it is just the 9ame thinr, the statute making void all charges.and encumbrances 6n land, for the benefit of a charity.
But if this case were, in all respects, the same as Roper v. Radcliffe, the observations which have been made upon the latter would all apply to it. It may be remarked, however, that in this case, the chancellor avoids expressingany opinion upon the ques- tion, -whether the' money to e'ise from the sale of

OF THE UNITED STATES:

691

the land, was to betaken as personalty or land ; and 1818. although he mentions the case of Roper, v. Radcliffe, Cameroa he adds, that he does not depend upon it, as it was im- v. material whether the surplus was to be considered as blRoberts. land or rhoney under the mortmain" act.
Upbn the whqle, we are uaani:nluily of opinion, that the legacy given to Thomi.s Craig, in the will of Robert Ciaig, is to be co-isi.lere.l as a bequest of personal estate, which he is capable of t-ekirg for his own
benefit. Certificate accordingly.

(CHANCERY.)
C.,mErtoN v. M'RoBERTS.
The circuit courts have no power to set aside their di~erees in equity ,on motion, after the term at which tfiey are rendered.
Where MIR. a citizen of Kentucky. brought a suit in eq'iity, in the circuitcourt of Kentucky, Oga net C. C..stated to be a ctizrr of Virginia, and E. J. & S. E.. without any deaignation of citizenship ; all the defunda~fts appeared -.nd ansivred ; and a decree was pronoun. codfor the plaintilf; it wa h.ld, that ifaj.int intorestves ed in,CZ, C. and the other defindanto,'the court had no jurisdiction over the cause. But that if distinct interest ve-ted in C. C. s. that substantial justice,(mo far as he w concerned.)could be done without affecting the other defendants, the jurisdiction of the court might ba lesreis e d ed anto him alone.
APPEAL from the circuit court for the district o( Kentucky.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. v.
Hoyt.

charter-party, no original correspondence, nothing, in 'fact, but those forinzl papers which never fail to accompany a fictitious, as well as a real, transaction. On the contrary, we find the captain, without any instruc-
tions from his supposed owners, submitting implicitly to the orders of Bennett & Co. in every thing; and the latter assuming even a control over the contract which he exhibits with h;. supposed owner in Riga, and expressing a solicitude about his expenses, which could only have been suggested by a consciousness that the house of B. & Co. would have to pay those expenses.
Upon the whole,'we are satisfied that it is a case for condemnation both of ship and cargo.

Decree affirmed.

(CONSTITUTIONAL AND COMMON LAW.)
GELSTON, et al. V. HOYT.
Under the judiciary act of 1781, ch. 20. s. 25. giving appellate jurisdictionto the suprome court of the United Stateq, from the final judgment or decree of the hghest court of ]aw or equity of a state, its certain cases, the writ of error'may be directed to any court in which the record and judgment on whicl it is to act may be found, and if the record has been remitted by the highest court, &c. to another court of the state, it may be brought by the weit of error from that court.
The courts of the United States have an exclusive cognizance of the questions of forfbituro upon all seizures made under the laws of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
United Ltile; and it is not competent for a state court to entertain or decide such question of forfeiture. If a sentence ofcondemnation be dcfinhdvely pronounced by the proper court of the United States, it is conclusive that a forfeiture is incurred ; if a sentence of acquittal it is cqually conclusive against the furfeiture , and in either case, the question cannot be again litigated in any common law forum. Where a seizure is made for a rupposed frorfaiture, under a law of ther United States, no action oftrespass lies in any common law tribunal, until a final decree is pronounced upon the-proceeding in rem to enforce surh forfeiture; for it depends upon the final decree' of the court proceeding in rem whether such seizure is to be deemed rightful or tortious, and the action, if brought before such decree is made,
is brought too soon. If a ;uit be brought against the seizing officer for the supposed trespas
while the suit fot the forfeiture is depending, the fact of kuch pendency may be pleaded in ahatomen, or a temporary bar oftbe action. If after a dcree of condemnatim, -then that fact may be pleaded as a bar; if afler an arquittal, with a certificate of reasonable cause of seizure, then that may be pleaded as a bar. If, after an acquittal with. otil sech certificate, then the officer is without any justification for the seizure, and it is definitively settled to be a tortious act. If to anactiori:of tresrass in a state court for a seizure, the seizing officer plead the fact of forfeiture in his defeuce without averring a li pen. dens, or a contdemnation, or an acquittal with a certific-ate of reasonabin cause ofseizure, the plea is bad ; for it attempts to put in issue the question of forfeiture in a state coqrt.
At common laty any person may, at his peril, seize for a forfeiture to the government, and ifthe government adopt his seizure, and the properiyis condemned, he is justified. By the act ofthe 18th of February 1793, ci. 8.9. 27. officers of the revenue are authorized to make seizures of any ship or goods for any breach ofthe laws of the United
States.
The statute of 1794, eh. 50. s. 3. prohibiting ioe litting out any ship &c. for the service ot any foreign prince or states, to cruise against the subjects, &c. of any other foreign prince or state, does not apply to any now government, unless it has been acknowledged by the United States, or by the governnentofthe country to which surh newrstate belonged. And a p'ea which sets up a forfeiture under that act in fitting out a ship to cruise against such new state, must aver such recog.
nition, or it is bad.
A plea justifying a seizure under this statute need not state the partie-

1818.
Gelston
V, Hoyt.

'48

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT,

18.
S
Geiston V. t
-oy

ular prince or state by name, ag:inst whom the Oh'p was intendodta
cruise. A plea justifying a seizure and delention by virtue of the 7(h section of
the act of 1794, under the expree instroclions of the presidcn', )u' t aver tlt thenaval or military force of the Uni:ed States was ed for that purpose, and thiat the seizor belonged to the frro so employed. The 7th section of the act was not intendrd o apply exrept to cases where a seizure or detention could not be enfneed by thii ordinary power, and there was a necesi'y, in the opinion of the Pruki* dent, to employ naval or military power for this purpo. c. To trespass for taking and detaining, and converting properly, it is stirficienttp plead a justification of the t dking and detention; and if the plaintiff relies on the conversion, he should reply it by way of new as signment. A plea alleging a seizure for a forfeiture as a justification, should n,)t only state the facts relied on to establish the firfeiture, but aver that thereby the property became, and was actually, fbrfried,. and was qeized as forfeited.

ERRQP to the court for the trial of impeachiments
and correction of errors of the State of New-York. This-cause had been removed into that court by the
present plaintiffs in error, by writ of error directed
to the supreme court of the said state. In January, 1816, the court of the state of New-York for the correction of errors in all things affirnred the judgment which had been rendered by the supreme court of the state of New-York, in favour of loyt, the prfesent defendant in error. And before the coming of the'writ of error issued from this court, the said court for the correction of errors of the state of New-York, according to the laws of the state of NewYork, and the practice'of that. court, had remitted the
record, which had been removed from the supreme court of the state of New-York. to the said supremte court, with a mandate thereon requiring the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

kupreme court of the state of New-York, to execute the

judgment, which had lheen' so rendered by it in favour

of the defendant in erior., And the saidr'cord having

been so remitted, -the court of errors .of the state of

New.York upon the coming of the said writ of error.

from this court, made the following return thereto: "State 6f New-York, ss. The president of the senate,

the senators, chancellor, and judges of the supreme

court, in the court for the trial of impeachments and the

correction of errors; certify and return to thq supreme

court of the United States, that before the coming of

their writ of error, the transcript of the record in the

cause, in the said writ of error mentioned, together with the judgment of this court thereon,1 and all things

touching the same, were duly remitted in pursuance of

the statute instituting this court, into the supreme court

of judicature of this state,to.the end that farther procee-

dings might be thereupon had, as well for executiob as

otherwise, as might be agreeable to law and justice; and in which supreme court ofj udicature, the said judgment,

and all other proceedings in the said suit, now remain

of record; and as the same are no longer before, or with-

in the cognizance of this court, this court N' unable to

make any other or farther return to the said writ. All

which is humbly submitted." thereupon the counsel

for the plaintiffs in error made an application to the supreme court of the state of New-Yorkto stay the pro-

ceedings upon said jtidgment, till an application could

be made to this court iq respect to the said writ of error.

To avoid this delay,, the counsel under the advice or

suggestion of the judges of the said supreme court of

VOL. III.

33

1818. Gelston
v.* Hoyt
j

1818.
. Gelston
v. Hoyt.

CASES IN THE SUPREIE CQURT
the statd of New-Ycrk, entered into the following agreeMent viz. "Itis agreed, betwebn the attorneysof theabove named 'plaintiffs and defendant in error, that the annexed is a true copy of the record and bill of exceptions, returnedl by the supreme court of the state of New-York, to the court of errors of the said state, and remitted by 'the said court of errors, in the affirmance of the judgment of the said supreme cour to the said supreme court. And that the said copy shall be considered by the said supreme court of the United States, as a true copy of the said record and bill of exceptions, and shall have the same effect as if annexed to the writ of error in the above cause from the said suprc.ne court of the United States, and that the clerk of the supreme court of the state of New-York transmit the same, with this agreement to the clerk of the supreme court of the United States, and that the same be'annexed by the said clerk of the supreme court of the United States, to the said writ of error, as a true copy of the said record and
bill of exceptiOns."

Record and Bill of Excepfions." City and County of N w-York, ss. Be it remembered, that in the term of January, in the year of our Lord one thous and eight hundred and thirteen, came Goold Hoyt, by Charles Graham, his attorney, into the Supreme court of judicature of the people of the state of New York, before the justices of the neople of the state of New-York, of the supreme court of judicature of the same people, at the capitol, in the city of Albany, and impleaded David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck, in a certain plea of trespass, on which the said Goold Hoyt

OF THE UNITE]i STATES.

declared against the said David Gelston and Peter A. 1818.

Sbhench in the words following:-

GelstQn

City and County ot New-York, ss.: 'Goold Hoyt, v. plaintiff in this suit, complains of David Gelston and Hoyt. Peter A. Schnckj defendants in the Suit, in custody, Declaratio-

&c.: For that, whereas, the said defendants, on the

tenth day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand

eight hundred and ten, with force and arms,at the city

of New-York, in the county of New-York, and at the

first ward of the same city, the goods and chattels of the

said plaintiff)- of the value of'two hundred thousand

dollars, then and there found did take and carry a way,

and other injuriesto the said plaintiff then and there did,

to the great damage- of the said plaintiff, and against

the peace of the people of the State of New-York. And,

also, for that the defendant§, afterwards, to wit, on the

same day and year last'aforesaid, at the city and coun-

ty, and ward aforesaid, -with force and arms, to wit; with

swords, staves, hands, and feet, other goods and chat-

tels of the said plaintiff, to wit, a ship or vessel of the

said plintiff, called the Amlerican Eagle, together with

her tackle, apparel, and furniture, five hundred tons of

stone ballast: one hundred hogsheads of water. one

hundred and thirty barrels salted provisions, twenty

hogsheads of ship-bread, of the value of two hundred

thousand dollars, at the place aforesaid found, did take

and carry away, 'and other wrongs and inju'ries. to the

said plaintiff then and there did, to the great damage of

the said plainti, and against the peace of the .people of

the state of New.York: And also, for that the said,

52
3818. G%elston
V. 11oYt.

CASES IN THE SUPRENE COURT
defendants, afterwards, to wit, on the same day and year, and at the place aforesaid, the goods and chattels
of the said plaintiff, to wit, a ship or vesqel of the said plaintiff, called the American Eagle, ogether with her
tackle, apparel, and furniture, five hundred tons stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water. one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions and twenty hogsheads of shili-broad, of the value of two hundred thousind dollars, then and there being and found, seised, 'took, carried away, damaged, and spoiled, and converted and disposed thereof, to their own use, and other wrongs to the said plaintiff then and there did, to the great damage of the said plaintiff, and against the peace of the said people of the state of New-Yorl:: And, also, for that the said defendants, on the same day and year aforesaid, with force and arms, to wit, with swords' staveshands, and feet, to wit, at the city, county, and 'ward aforesaid, seised and took a certain ship or vessel of the said plaintiff of great value, to wit, of the value of two hundred thousand dollars, and in which said ship or vessel the said plaintiff then and there intended, and was about to carry and convey certain goods and merchandises, for certain freight and reward, to be therefor paid to bim the said plaintiff; -and thefi and there carried away the said ship or vessel, and kept and detained ithe same from -the -said plaintif, for a long 'space of time, to wit, hitherto, and converted and disposed thereof.to their own use; and thereby the' said plaintiff was hindered and prevented from'carrying and'conveying the said goods and merchandises as aforesaid, and thereby

OF THE UNITED STATES. ·
lost and was deprived of all the profit, benefit, arid. advantage which .fight and would otherwise have arisen and accrued 'to him therefrom, to wit, at the city, county and ward aforesiid, and other wrongs aid injuries to the said plaintiff then and there did, against the. peace of the people of the.state of New-York, and to the great damage of the said plaintiff. And also, for that the said defendants, afterwards, to wit, 'on the same day and year last afordsaid, at the city, county, and ward aforesaid, with force and arms, seised,, and took possession of divers go.ods and chattels of the saidplaintiff, then and there found, and being in the whole of a large value, that is to say,_a shp or vessel of the said plaintiff, called the American Eagle, together. with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, twenty hogsheads of ship--bread, of the value of two hundred thousand dollars, and staid and continued-in possession of the said goods and chattels, o -by them seized and, taken as aforesaid, and the said goods anal"ehattels afterwards took and carried aivay, from and out of the possession of the said plaintiff: whereby, and by reason, and in consequence of such said seizure, and of other the priemises aforesaid, the said plaintiff not only lost, and was deprived of his said goods and chattels, and of all profits, benefits, and ad'vantages, thatcould have arisen and accrued to hira for the use, sale, eniployment, and disposal thereof, but was aIso forced and obliged to, and did 'actually, lay' out and expehd large. sums o money, and to beat further trouble and expense

1818.' % Gilston
.
UOYt

,54 1818.
GGelsown V.
Hot.
1st. Ple.
d. Plea:

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

in and about endeavouring to obtain restitution of the property so bythe said defendants seined, vs aforesaid, and'other wiongs and injuries to the said plaintiff then and there did, against the peace of thq people of the state of New-York, and to the damage of the said

plaintiff of two hundred thousand dollars; and, therefore, he brings suit, &c.
And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck thereto pleaded in the words following:
And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck by Samuel B. Romaine, their attorney, come and de'fend the force and injury, when, &c., and say that they are not guilty of the said supposed trespasses, above laid to their charge, or any part thereof, in manner and form as the said Goold Hoyt hath above thereof complained against them, and of this they put themselves upon the

counitry.

as to the sev-

And for a further plea in this behalf,

eral trespasses mentioned in the first, second, third,

foxirth, and fifth counts in the declaration of the said

plaintiff mentioned, to wit, in taking and carrying away

the goods and chattels of the said plaintiff, mentioned

in the first count in the said declaration of the said carrying away the goods and

chattels of the said-plaintiff, plaintiff; to wit, a in ship taking or and vessel of

the said plaintiff, called the American Eagle, together

withher tackle,, apparel; and furniture, five hundred

tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsbeads of water,

one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and

twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, mentioned in the sec-

ond epunt in the said declaration of the said plaintiff;

in seizing, taking, carrying away, damaging, spoilings

OF THE UNITED STATES.

25

converting, and dlisposihg to their own use, the goods '1818. and chattels offthe sai,_ plaintiff,.to r-it,:.a ship or Ves- Gist sel of-the said plaintiff; called the,-American Eagle, to- i gether with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, five hun- Holt. dred toneaf ston.ballast, one bulndred hogsheads of waterlpn4e hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, -and twentyhogsheads of ship-bread, mentioned ini thq,thgr count in the said declaration of the said plainqff;"in-sciitg, taking carrying away, keeping and detaining, and'converting.,igd disposing to their own use, a certain ship or ves vl of -the said plaintiff, mentioned in the fourth cpat in the said declaration, df the said plaintiff, and, it seizing and taking possession of, and in taking and carrying from and out of the possession of the said plaintiff, the goods and chattels. of the said plaintiff, to wit, a ship' or vessel of the said. plaintiff; called the cmerican Eagle, together with .her, tackle, apparel, and furniture, five
hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred 'hogsh'eads
of water Wena hundred and 'thirty 'barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship read, men tijond in the fifth c.ount ijn. the said' declaration of the said plaintiff, above su~iposed to have beert ·committed by the said David 'Gelston and Peter A. Sdhenci; they, the said David Gelston and Peter, A. Schenck, by leave of the court here for this purpose first had and obtained, according to the form of the statute in such case made and provided, say, that the said Goold Hoyt ought not to have or iaintain his aforesaid action again'st them, because they say that the
said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, with

56
1818. Gel'ston,
Gt, Hoyt.

cASES IN THE SUPREME COURT'

her tackle, apparel, and firditure, the five hundred

tons of stone ballast,

one

hundred hogshead of wabarrels of salted provi-

ter,' one hundred and thirty

sions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, mentionet in the second, third, and fifth counts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, are the same and not other or different ; and that the seizing, taking, carrying away, keeping, detaining, damaging, spoiling, converting and disposing thereof to their own use, mentioned in the second, third, and fifth counts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, are the same and not other or different. And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck further say, that the ship or vessel, mentioned in the fourth count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, is the same ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, mentioned in the second, third, aid fifth counts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and not other or different ; and that the seizing, carrying away, keeping and detaibing, and converting and disposing thereof, to their own use, meptioned in the fourth count in the said
declaration of the said plaintiff, is the same seizing, taking, carrying away, keeping and detaining, and converting and disposine thereof, to their own use; *mentioned in the'secona, third, and fifth counts' in the gaid declaration of the said plaintiff, and not other or different. And the said David Gelston and, Peter A. Schenek further say, that the said shin or vessel,
called ihe American Eagle, with her tackle, ipparel, and furniture, and the five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hunilred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and

OF THE UNITED STATEg.

tWenty hogsheads of ship-bread, mentioned in the second,

third, and fift~olaunts in the said declaration of the said

plaintiff, are ieluded in and are the only goods and

chattels-embraced by the general description of goods

4nd chattels tuentioned in the first count in the said de-

claration of the aid plaintiff, andthat the taking and

carrying away thereof,, mentiondd in the said first

count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, is the.

same taking and carrying away thereof mention in the

saia second, thirdi and fifth counts iri the said declara-

tion of the said plaintiff, and not other or differenf;.and

that the several trespasses mehtioned in the-first, secondi

third, fourth, and fifth counts in the said declaration

of the said plaintiff, are the same trespasses,,and not

other or.different. And the, said' David Gelston tnd

Peter A. Schenck further Say,, that before the tenth

day of July, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight

hundred and ten, to wit, on the first day of Jily, in

the year last aforesaid, 'at the port of Ifew-York, in the

district of New-York, to wit, at the city of NeW-

York, in the county of New-York, and.' it the first

ward of the said city, the said ship or vessel, called

the American Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and

furniture, was attempted to be fitted out and armed,

and that the said five'hundredtons of stone ballast$

one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and

thirty barrels of salted provisions, and, twenty hogs-

htads of ship-bread. were- then -and there procured

for equipment of the said vessel, and were then an-'

there on board of the said vessel, as- a part of her

said equipment, 'with intent that the said ship or 'yes,

VoL. III.

34

1818.
'""
GeiSton v
Hoyt.

18,18.
%
Gelston
HoyI

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sel, called the American Eagle, should be employed in the service of a foreign state, to wit, of that part
of the island of St. Domingo wlaich was then under the government of Petion, to commit hostilities upon the subjects of another foreign state, with which the United States of America were th'en at peace, to wit, of that part of the island of St. Domingo which was then under the government of Christophe, contrary to the form of the statute hi sunh case made and proprovided. And the president of the said United States, to wit, James Madison, who was then president of the said United States, by virtue of the power and authority vested in him by the constitution and laws of thor 3aid United States, did, afterwards, to wit, on the sixth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at Washington, to wit, at the city of NewYork, in the county of New-York, and at the ward aforesaid, authorise, empower, instruct, and direct the- said David Gelston and''Peter A.. Schenck to seize, take, carry away, and detain, as forfeited to the user of the; said United States, the said ship or vessel, called 'the American Eagle, with 'her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the said five hundred tons of- stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water. one hundred and thirty barrels of salted prbvisions, and twenty hogsheads* of ship-bread: And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck' further say, that they did afterwards, to wit, on the tenth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, .at the port of' NewYork, in the district of New-York, to wit, at the city of,-New-Ybrk; in the county of New-York, and at- the ward aforesaid, by virtue of the said power

OF THE UNITED STATES.

t3!

and authority, and in pursuance of the said instructions and directions so given as aforesaid to them, the ' said David Gelston 'and Peter A. Schenck, by the
said pr.esid'nt of the said United'States, and not otherwise, seize, take, carry away, and detain the said ship or vessel, calId the American Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the said' five hundred tons of stone ballist, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted' previsions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, as forfeited to the use of the 'said United States, according to the form of the Statute in such case made and provided: And the said David Gelston and Peter 'A. Schenck further say, that the seizing, taking. carrying away, and detaining of the said ship or. vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture,, and the. said fivehundred tons of stone ballast, one hundredhogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of shil-bread; by the said David Gelston and Peter A: Schenck, on the tenth day of July one thousand eight hundred and ten, as aforesaid, is the same seizing, taking, carrying away and detaining of the said, ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel,, and furniture, and the said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of Water, one hundred and thirty barrels of saltdd provisions, and twenty hogsheads of shipbread, mentioned in the several counts in the said de-
pIaration of the said- plaintiff, and not other or different: And this they, the sail David. GeJston and Peter A. Schenck, are ready to. verify;, wherefore they pray judgment if the said Goold Hoyt ought to

1818.
Gelstoh Hoyt.

260
1818, 6elstoon
v. HDoyA Od. Plea.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
have or maintain his aforesaid action thereof against
them, &c. 3" And for a further plea in this behalf, as to the
several trespasses mentioned in the first, second, third, fourth, .anIdfifth counts in the declaration of the said
plaintiff mentioned, to wit, in taking and carrying away the goods and chattels of the said plaintiff, mentioned in the first count in the said declarationof the said plaintiff; in taking and carrying away the goods and chAttels- of the said plaintiff, to wil; a ship or vessel of the said .plaiatiff, cal~ed Ihe American Eagle, together with her tackle, apparel, and- furni. ture, five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, mentioned in the second count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff; in seizing, taking, carrying away damaging, spoiling, converting, and disposing to their own use, the goods and chattels of the said plaintiff, to wit, a ship or vessel of the said plaintiff, called th6 American Eagle, together with her taokle,'aplarel, ptnd furniture, five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship.breid, mentianed in the third count iii the said leclaraIion of the said ptaintiff; in seizing, taking, parrying away, keeping and detaining, and convert, ing and disposing to their own use, a certain ship or vessel of the said plaintiff, mentioned in the fourth count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and in seizing and 'taking possessiqn of, and in taking and q~rrying from 'and out rf the possession of the said

OF THE UNITED STATES.

plaiptiff, to wit, a ship or vessel of the said plaintiff,
called the American Eagle, together w;ith her tackle, apparel) and furniture, five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of -ater, one hundred and. thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twen ty hogsheads of ship bread, mentioned in the fifth ,count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, above supposed to iave been 'ommitted by the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenk, they, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenk, by leave of'the court here for the purpose first had and o6tained, according to the form of the statute in such case made and provided, say, that the said Goold Hoyt ought not to have 'or maintain his aforesaid action against thqm, because they say, that the said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, the five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads- of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, mentioned in the second, third, and fifth
counts in'the said declaration of the said, plaintiff, are the same, and not other or different; and that the seizing, taking, carrying away, keeping, detaining damaging, spoiling, converting, and disposing thereof to their own use, mentioned in the second, third, and fifth counts in the said declaration 4f the said plaintiff, are the same, and not other or different : And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck further say, that the ship or vessel mentioned in the fourth count 'inthe said declaration of the said plaintiff, is the same ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, mentioned in the second, third, and fifth counts

1811 e
v. jj@IJ

Isis.
'.0-
Gelston V.
Hoyt.

t'ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in the said declaration of'the said plaintiff, and not other or different ; and that the seizing, carrying
away, lieeping and detaining, and converting and disposing thereof, to their qwn use, mentioned in the fourth count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, is the same seizing, taking, carrying away, keeptrig and detaining, and converting aad disposing thereof, to their own use, mentioned in the second,' third, and fifth counts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and not other or different: And the said D)avid Gelston and Peter A. Schenck further say, that the said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the five hundred tons of stone- ballast, one hundred 'hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of shipbread, mentioned in the second, third, and fifth counts in the s, id declaration of the said plaintiff, are included in, and are the only goods and chattels embraced by the general description of goods and chattels, mentioned in the first count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and that the taking and carryirg away -thereof, mentioned in the said first count in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, is the same taking and carrying away thereof, mentioned in t* aid" second, third, and fifth counts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and not other or different ; and that the several trespasses mentioned in the first, -second, third, fourth, and fifth counts in the said declaration of -the said plaintiff, are the same trespass, and not other or -different: And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck further say,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

that before the tenth day of July, in the year of o ur Lord one thousand eight hundred and ten, to wit, on the first day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the port ofNew-York, in the district of New-York, t6 wit, at the city of New-York, in the county of NewYork, and at the first ward of the said city, the said ship or vessel, called the .Americam Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, was atteinpted to be fitted out and armed, and that the said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogshesds of wa-. ter, one hundred and thirty barreis of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, wer6 then and there procured for the equipment of the said vessel, and were then and there on board of the said vessel, as a part of her said' equipment, with intent that the said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, should be employed in the service of some foreign state, to commif hostilities upon the subjects of another foreign state, with which the United States were then at peace, contrary to the form of the statute in such case made and provided. And the president of the said United States, to wit, James Madison, who was then president of the said Tnited States, by virtue of the power and aithority vested in him by the constitution and laws of the said United States, did afterwards, to wit, on the sixth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at Washington, to wit, at the city of New-York, in the county of New-York, and at tne ward aforesaid, authorize, empower, instruct, and direct the said Dayid Gelston and Peter A, Schenck to take possession .of, and detain the, said ship or vessel, called the American - Eagle, with her tackle, apparel

181. '0t'
HoYLt.

III$. "'-"*on GeIston
V. hoyt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and furniture, and the said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one nundred hogsheads -of water, one hi~ndred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, in order to the execution
of the prohibitions and" penalties of the act in such case mad6 and provided: And the said David Gelston, and Peter A. Scheuck further say, that they did afterwards,'to wit, oih the tenth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the port ;f New-Yoik, in the district of New-York, to wit, at the city of NewYork, in the county of New-York, and at the ward aforesaid, by virtue of the said power and authority, and in pursuance of the said instructions and directions so given as aforesaid to them, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck, by the said president of the said United States, and not otherwise, take possession of, and detain the said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, with her tackle, apparel and furniture, and the said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrel's of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, in order to the execution of the prohibitions and penalties of the act in such case made and proviaed: And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck further. say, that the taking possession of, and detaining of the said ship or vesse with her tackle, apparel, and furnitiire, and the sqid five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, by the said David Gelston and Peter' A. Schenck, on the tenth day of July, one thousand

OF TH9 UNITMDSTATt.

26

eight hundred and ten, as aforesaid,, is the same seizing, taking, carrying a:way, and detaining of the said ship or vessel, with her tackle'appareI, and furniture, and the said five hundred tons of stone hallast, one hundred hogsheads of water, one hundred and thirty Bari els of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread mentioned in the several co'unts in the said declaration of the said plaintiff, and ndt other or
diferent: And this they, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck, are ready to verify ;,wherefore they pray judgment if the said Goold Hoyt ought to have or maintain his aforesaid action 'thereof against
them, &c.

1I18. ' Geisteit V. hoyt.

And to which th -said foregoing pleas, was sub-
joined the following notice. SiR-Please to take notice that the defendants, at
the trial of the above cause, will insist upon, and give in evidence, under the general issue above, pleadedi t hat the ship or vessel called the American Eagle,

with her tackle, apparel, and furnitdre, before -the

tenth day of July, in the year oi our Lord one thou-

sand eight hundred and ten, to wit, on the' first day

of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the port of New-

York, in the district of New-York, .to wit, at the city

of New-York, in the county of New-York, and at the

first ward of the said city, was attempted to be fited out

and armed, and was fitted out and armed, and that

the said five hundied tons of stone ballast, one hundred

hogsheads otwater, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread

were procured for the equipment of the said. vessel and

were then and there on board of the' said vessel, aS

VOL. IIL

35 ,

I

6CASM

IN THE SUPREM ,ECOURT

1818. 'Apart of her sail- equipment, with intent that the Gelstoa Ssaid ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, should
1. be employed in the service of a foreign prince or state, Bol to wit, of that part of the island ofSt. Domingo

which was then under the government of Petion, to cruise and commit hostilities upon the subjects, citizens, and Woperty ofanother foreLa prince or state with which the United States were then at peace, to wit, of that pait of the iland of St. Domingo which wasthen under the government of Christophe, contrary to theform of the statute in such case made and provided: And the 'said- defendants will also' insist upon, and~give in evidence under the .'said plea, that. the said ship or vessel, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, on the day and year last aforesaid, at the port of New-York, in the district of New-York, to wit, at the city of New York, in the county of New-York, and at the ward aforesaid, was at,tempted to be fitted out and armed, and was fitted ouit and armed, and that the said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogsheads of
water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hoasheads of ship-bread, were procured for the equipment of the said vessel, and -were then and there on board of the said vessel, as a
part of her said equipment, with:intent that the said
ship'or' vessel should be employed in the service of
some foreign prince or state, M6 cruise and commit
hostilities upon the subjects, citizens, and property of some other foreign prince or state,, with which the United States were then at peacey contrary to the
form of'the'statute in such case made and provided,

OF THE UNITED STATtS.
And the said defendants -will also insist up:n, and' "118. give in evidence under the said plea, that he', the said Goistop David Gelston, was .cdllector, and that' he, the said Peter A. Schenck, was surveyor of the customs for Hoyt. the 'district of the city of New-York, on the 10th day of July one thousand eight 'hundred and ten, and before that time, and that they have ever 'since continued to be collector and sexveyor as aforesaid4,and thatthey, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schencc as collector and surveyor as aforesaid, and not oth. erwise, did, on the said tenth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the port of New-York, in the di-trict of New-York, to wit, 4t the city of New-York, in the county ofNew-York,-and at the first ward' of the said city, seize, take, and detain the ship or vessel,'with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the' said five hundred tons of stone ballast, one hundred" hogsheads of water, one hnudred and thirty barrels of salted pro. visions, and twenty bogsheads of ship-bread, according. to the form of the statutfin such case made and provided, and by virtue of the powerand authoity vested in them by the constitution and laws of the United States. Dated this 11th day of March, 1813. *
And the said Goold Hoyt, to the said first plea, joined issue, and to the second"and third pleas the said Goold Hoyt demurred as follows :
And as to the plea of the said David qelston and Peter A. Schenck,.by them" first above pleaded' and whereof they have put themselves upon the" country," thesaid Goold Hoyt doth the like, &c.
And as to the pleas by the said David Gelston and pmr.

68
18 M. GdIstoU
., Jj0yt.

CASES IN4 THE SUPREME COURT
'Peter A. Schenek, by them econdly and thirdly above pleaded in oar, the said Goold Hoyt saith, that the second and third pleas of the' said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck, or either ,of them, and the matters therein contained, in manner arid form as ,the same are above pleaded and set forth, are not sufficient, in law, to bar and prehcl e him, the said Gopoid Hoyt, from having and maintaining his action af6desaid, against the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck; and that he, the said GoqId Hoyt, is not bound by the law of the land to answer the same, and this he- is ready to verify ;" wherefore, for want of a sufficient plea in, this behalf, the said Goold Hoyt prays judgment, and his damages by him sustained, on occasion of the committing of the said trespasses, to
be adjudged to him, &c. And the said David Gelston, and Peter A. Schenck
thereupon joined in demurrer as follows. And the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck
say, that their said pleas, by them secondly and third ly above pleaded, .and the matters therein contained, in manner and form as the same are abo-e pleaded and set forth, are sufflcient, in law, to bar and preclude the said Goold Hoyt, from havina and maintaining hls aforesaid action !thereof. against, them, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck: and that they, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Schencx,
are ready to verify and prove the same, -when, where, and in such manner as the said cour tshall direct; wherefore, inasmuch as the said Goold Hoyt has not
answer.ed the sail second and third pleas, nor hitherto, in any manner, denied the same, .the said David Gel-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
,ston and Peter A. Schenck. Prav iudament. and that IA S, the said Goold Hovt may be barred from having, 9r maintaining, his aforesaid .action thereof against o. theni, the said David Gelston and Peter A. Scienck, .: &c-
And; after*ard',; the said demurrer was brought on to be argued before the said ,supreme court,,at the city hall of the city of New-York, and judgmentva· given against the said David Gelston and PeterA. Schenck upon the said demurrer.
And afterwards, to wit, at the sittings of nisi prius, Bill or Er held at the city hall of the city of New-York 'afor_ ceptions. said, in and for the said city and county, on the fifteenth day of November, in the- year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and fifteen, before the honourable Ambrose Spencer, esq. one of the justice's of the supreme court of judicature of the people of the state' of New-York, assigned to hold pleas in the -said sittings, according to the form of the statute in such case mate and provided, the aforesaid issue, P joined between iihe said'parties as aforesaid, came on ,to be tried by a jury of the city and county of NFW.vw' York aforesaid, for that purpose empannoled, that io to say, Walter Sawyer, Edward Wade. William Prj9x James M'Cready, Richard toines, john Rodz.rs, Aslber Marx, Benjamin Gomez, Samuel Milban , James E. Jennings, George Riker, and Jacob atxing, good 4nd lawful men of the city and county of New-York, aforesaid, at which day came there as well the said Goold Hoyt as the.said David Gelston and Peter A. Schenck, by their respective attprnipA
Aforesaid, and the jurors of the jury, jnpaeled4-1

70

. OASES 1NTHE SUJPREME COURT.

I818. try the said issue, being called, also came, and were

G Gelostonn then and theie; in due manner, chosen and sworn to

*. try the same issue ; and upon the trial of that issue

HMyL

the counsel learned in the law for the said Goold Hoyt, to maintain and prove the said issue on their

part, gave in evidence, that at the time of the seizure of the said ship. American Eagle, by the said David

Geston and Peter A. Schenck, she -was in the actual,

full, and peaceable possession of the -said Gzoold

Hoyt, and that, on the acquittal of the said vessel in

the district court of the United States, for the district

of New-York, it was decreed that the said vessel should be restored to the said Goold Hoyt, the claimant of

the said vessel, in the said district court: and for

that purpose the counsel of the said Goold Hoyt

gave in evidence the proceedings in the said district

court of the United States, by which it appeared that

a libel had been filed in the name of the United States against the said ship American Eagle, in 'which it was, amon- other things, alleged, tl~at the

said ship had been fitted out and armed, and at-.

tempted to be fifted out and armed, and equipped and furnished, with intent to be employed in the-ser-

,vice of Petion against Christophe, and in the service o that part of the 'island of St. Domingo w lich was then under the, government of Petion, agaihft that' part of the said island of St; Domingo which 'was then under the government of Christophe, contrary to the statute in such case made and provided; and that the said Goold Hoyt had filed an answer to the said libel, and a claim to the said vessel, in -which the said Goold Hoyt had expressly denied the truth of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

07

'teallegations in the said libel; and it also appeared I 8 by the said proceedings, -that in the month of April, GeI-sVSOrP~p one thousand eight hundred.and eleve , an application - T. had been made to the said district court% by the HoyR. said Goold Hoyt, to have the said ship appraised, and tohave her delivered up to him. on giving security fdr her appkaised value; and it also appeared, by the' said proceedings, that appraisers had been appointedby,the said court;'and that they had appraised the-1aid ship, her tackle, &c. at thirty-five thoupand dollars, and that the said appraisement had been filed, and jhad not been excepted to; and that the sureties offered by the, said Goold Hovt. for -the appraised value of the said ship, had been accepted by the said court; and it also appeared, by the'said proceedings, that the said cause had been tried before the said district court, and that the said libel had been dismissed, anl that the said ship had been decreed to be restored to the said claimant, anol that a certificate of reasonable cause for the seizure of the said vessel'had l'en denied. And the counsel of the said Goold Hoyt, to maintain'and prove the said issue, did give in evidence that the value of the said phip, her tackle, apparel, and furniture, at the time of her seizure as aforesaid, was one hundred thousand dollars, and did also give in -evidence, that the said Peter A. Schenck seized and took possession of'the said ship by the written directions of the said David, Gelston; but no other.proof was offered by the said plaintiff, at that time, of any right qr title in the siid plaintiff to the said vessel; and here the said plaintiff
rested his cause.

7

"CASES IN THE SUPREMP COURT

18Mr

Whereupon the counsel for the defendants did, then

G sib and there, insist, before: the said justice, on the behalf

y. 'of the said defendants, that the said several matters so Ho~t. produced and given in evidence on the part of the

plaintiff as aforesaid, were insufficient, and ought no: to be admitted or allowed as sufficient evidence to enti-
tle the said plaintiff to a verdict; and the said counsel for the defendants did, then and there, pray the said
justice to pronounce the said matters, so produced and
given in evidence for the said plaintiff, to be insuficient to entitle the said plaintiff to a verdict in the said cause, and tor nonsuit the said plaintiff; but to this the counsel learned in the law, of the said plaintiff, objected, and difd then and there insist before the said justice, thiat the same were sufficient, and ought to be admitted and ali 16'ed to he suficient to entitle the said plaintiff to a v'rdict; and the said justice did then and there declare "id deliver his opinion to the jury aforesaid, that the
said several matters so produced, and giv n in evi-
denhce on the part of the said plaintiff, wdre sufficient to efititde the said plaintiff to a verdict, and that he ought not to be nonsulted: vhereupon the said counsel for thb dfendants did, then and there, on the behalf of the iaid defendants, except to the aforesaid opinion of tht
diidjuistice, and insisted that the said several matters, i6 produced and given in evidence, were not sufficient t6 eititle the Said plaintiff to a verdict, and'that he
ought to be nonguited. After the said motion for a nonsuit had been re-
tiied, and the opinion of the said justice' had been excepted to as aforesaid, the counsel of the said

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Goold Hoyt, did, inthe progress of the' trial, give in evidence, on the part of the said Goold Hoyt, that he

purchased the said ship, of James Gillespie, who hac'

purchased her of John R. Livingston and Isaac Cla.

son, the owners thereof; and that in pursuance of

such purchase, by the plaiatiff, the said James Gil-

lespie had delivered full and complete possession of

the said ship, her tackle, &c. to the said plaintiff, before

the taking-thereof by the defendants.

And the said motion for a nonsuit having been re-

fused, and the opinion of the said justice accepted to

as aforesaid, the said counsel for the said, defendants

did, thereupon, state to the said jury, the nature and

circumstances of the 'defendant's defence, and did

then and there offer to prove and give .irievidence,

by way of defence, or in mitigation or diminution of

damages, that the said ship. or vessel, called the Awe-

rican Eagle, with her tackle, apparel, and furniture,

before the tenth day of July, in the yjar of our Lord

one thousand eight hundred and ten, to wit, on the

first day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the

port of New-York, in the southern district of New-

York, to wit, at the city of New-York, in the county

of New-York, and at the 'first ward of the said-city,

-was attempted to be fitted out and armed, and w4s

fitted out and armed, aRd that the said five hundred

tons of stone ballast, one hundred hogshead ot wa--

ter, one hundied and thirty barrels of salted provi"

sipns, and twenty hogsheads of ship-bread, were

procured for the equipment of the said veasel,, and

were then and there on board of the said vessel, as

a part of her said equipment, -With intent that the.

Vol. III.

-36

I$]&. Geston
v. Hoyts.
i

274
1818. 'm Geo
Hoyt.-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
said ship or vessel, called the American Eagle, shonld be employed in the service of that part of the island ot St. Domingo which was then under the government of
Petion, to cruise and "commit hostilities upon the subjects, citizens, and property of that part of tim island of St. Domingo thich was- tnen under the government of Christophe, contrary to the form of the statute in such
ease made and provided.* And the said counsel of the, said defendants did,
then and there, offer to prove, and give in evidence, by -way of defence, or in mitigation or diminution of damages, that he, the said David Gelston was collector, and that he, the said Peter A. Schenck, was surveyor df the customs, for the district ot the city of NewL-York, on the tenth day of July, one thousand eight hundred and ten, and before that time,. and. afterwards, continued to be collector and surveyor as aforesaid; and that they, the said David Gelsion and Peter A. Schenck, as collector and surveyor as aforesaid, and, not otherwise, did, on the said tenth day of July, in the year last aforesaid, at the pQrt of New-York, in the southern district of New-York, to wit, at the city of New-York, in the county of New-York, 'and at the first ward of the zid city, seize, take, and detain the' said ship or ves&elwith her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the said five hundred toos of stone'balfast, 6ne: hundred hogsheads of.water, one hundred and thirty barrels of salted provisions, and twenty hogsheads of shipbread, according to the 'form of the statute in such aase made and provided, and by virtue of the power avid authority vested in them by the constitution and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

taws of the United States, and for such cause as is

herein before stated.

"

,

And the said counsel of the said defendants, did,

ihen -and there, insist, before the said' justice, on the

behalf of the said defendants, that ft. said several

matters, so offered to be proved and given in etidence

on the part of the said deferidants as aforesaid, ought

to be admitted and allowed to be proved -and given in

evidence, in justification of the trespass" charged.

against the said defendants, or in mitigation or diminu-

tion of the damages claimed by the plaintiff ai afore-

said.

And the said counsel for the said deiendants, did,

then and there, pray the said justice to admit and

allow the said matters so offered to'be'provedand

given in evidence, to be proved and given in evi,'

dence in justification of the trespass -charged

'against the said defendants, 'or- in mitigation'or

diminution of the damages claimed by the plain-

tiff as aforesaid ; but to this the counsel learned in

the law, of the said plaintiff, objected, and did, then and there, insist, before the said justice that the

same ought not -to be admitted, or allowed to be

proved or given in evidence, iti justification of te

irespass charged against the said defendants,' aid4

that the same ought not to be admitted,or allowed

to be proved or given in evidence, -in mitigation or

diminution of the damages claimed by the plaitttii"

,s aforesaid, inasmuch as the counsel of the said

Goold Hoyt admitted, that the defendait!. had not

been influenced by any malicious motives in making

the said seizmre,. and that they had not aced vith

1815.
Gelaton v.
Hoyt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1818.
GGelston V.
Hoyt.

any view or design of oppressing or injuring tIe
plaintiff. And the said justice did$ then and there, declare and deliver his opinion, and did then and there overrule the whole of the sid evidence, so offered to be proved by the said defendants, and did declare it to be inadmissible in justification of the trespass charged against the said defendants; and after the admission so made by the counsel of 'the said Goold Hoyt, as aforesaid, did declare and 'deliver his opinion, that the said evidence ought not to be 'received in mitigation or diminution of the said damages, as the said admission precluded the said plaintiff from laiming any damages against the defendants by way of punishment or smart money, and that after such admission · the plaintiff could recover only the, actual damages sistained, and with that direction left the same to the said jury: and the jury aforesaid, then and there gave their verdict for the said plaintiff for one hundred and seven thousand three hundred and sixty-nine dollars and
forty-three cents 'daiaages : whereupon the said counsel for the said defendants, did, then and there, on the behalf of the said defendants, except to the afore. said opinion of the said justice, and insisted that the said several maatters, so offered to be proved and given in-evidence, ought to have been admitted and given evidence in justification of the trespass charged against the ,said deferndants, or in mitigation or diminution of the damages claimed by the Plaintiff as Pfnrp-
said. And inasmuch as neither the said several matters
so produced and given in evidence on the part of the
-said plaintifTl and by the tounel. of the said defen-

OF THE UNITED STATES,

dants objected to, as insufficient evidence to entitle 1811.

the said plaintiff to a verdict as aforesaid, nor the Geluton

said several matters"so offered to be proved and given Y.

in evidence, on the part of the said defendants, in Hoyt.

justification of the trespass charged against the said

defendants, or in mitigation or diminuflon of the da-

maeres claimed by the plaintiff as aforesaid appear

by the rpord of the verdict aforesaid, tne said coun-

sel for the said defendants did, then and there, pro-

pose their exceptions to the opinions and decisions

of the said justice, and requested him to put his seal

to this bill of exceptions, containing the said several

matters so produced and given in evidence on the

part of the said plaintiff as aforesaid, and the said se-

veral matters so offered to be proved and given in

evidence, on the part of the said defendants' as afore-

said, according to the form of the statute in such

case made and proi-ided. And thereupon the said

justice, at the request of the said, counsel for the said

defendants, did put his seal to this bill of exceptions,

on the said fifteenth day of November, in the year of

our Lord one thousand -eight hundred and fifteen,

pursuant to the,statute in such case made and provi-

ded.

If either party shall require the proceedings in Ae

district court to be set out mbre at length, then it is,

understaod,that such proceedings shall be engrafted in.

to the bill of exceptions, and form part.thereof.

(Signed).

AMBROSE SPENCER. tL."S.]

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1318.
Qilston V.
HoY-t

The bill of exceptions being carried before the su-, preme court of the state of New-York, the exception,
were disallowed by the court. The cause was then carried to the court of errors of the state, 'where the

judgment of the supreme court of the state was affirmed and the cause Was brought to this court in the manner

1hefore stated. 3farch 24th, T he .1torney General, (Mr. ,Rush,) for the plain-

181'o tiffs in error, argued, 1. That the special matter offer-

ed in evidence by- the plaintiffs in error ought to have been admitted as a defence to the action, or at any rate, that it ought to have b-en, admitted. The 27th section of the act of 1793, contains, in general terms, a.provision that it shall be lawful for any revenue officer to go on board of any vessel for purposes of search an(, examination ; and if it appear that a breach of any law has been committed, whereby a forfeiture has been incurred, to make'a seizure. It has been the vise policy of the law, by enactments and decisions co-extensive with the range of public office, to throw its shield over officers, while acting under fair and
onest convictions. Thus, under the English statutes, no jaistice of the peace, ,or even constable, can be suAd for any thing done officially who is not clothed with some protection more than is allowed to ordinary defendants; some relaxation of the rules of pleading, or other immunities are extended to him. It is the same With mayors, bailiffs, churchwardens, overseers, and a variety of other officers. So, also, excise officers may always plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence By stat. 24 Geo. IT.

OF THE UNkITED STATES.

no justice shall be sued for what he has done officially until notice in writing served upon him a month beforehand; nor then, if he tender amends., It would be easy to multiply analogous examples. Several acts of congress, passed- since that of June, 1794, ill-listrate the same legal printifle. By the 11th section of the embargo act of the 25th April, 1808, ch. 170. the collectors of the customs were authorised to detain any vessel ostensibly bound withcargo to some other port of the United States, when. ever, in their opinions, there existed any intention to violate or, evade any of the provisions of the acts laying an embargo, until the decision of the president could be had upon the seizure. It has been repeat.edly determined, that it was sufficient, under this act, for the collectors to have dcted with honest convictions; and that theabsence of probable- cause afforded, in itself, no grourid to a claim for damages.a So, also, in the law just passed, to preserve more 'effectually our neutral relations, a principle closely analogous has been introduced.b It is provided by the act of the 24th February, 1807, ch. 74. "That when any prosechtion shall be commenced- on account of the seizure of any ship or vessel, goods, wares, or merchan-. dise, made by any collector or other offrer under aay act of congress authorizing such seizure, and judg._ ment shall be given for the claimant or claimants, if it shall appear to the court before whom such prose-

.
Gelstoaz v_
Hoyt,

a Cronell el al. v. M'Fadon, 8 Cranch, 94; "Otifr v. Watirr, 9 Cranch, 337, Ois v. Walter. 2 Wheat.'18.
b Act of March, 3d. 1817. ch. 58.

so
118. Gsten
G. Hoyt.

OASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

cution shall be tried, 'that there was a reasonable

cause of seizure, the certificate or entry to

said be

court made

shall cause thereot ; aud

a

proper in such

case the claimant or claimants shall not be entitled
to costs, nor shall the person who made the seizure ; or the prosecutor, be liable to action, suit, cw judg-
ment, on account qf such seizure or prosecution: provided, that the ship or vessel, goods, -wares, or merchandise, be, after the judgmient, forthwith returned to the claimant or claimants." Here it appears,
-indeed, that if a certificate be granted, it operates as an absolute bar to an action. But it does not follow, that the refusal of a certificate is to close' the ear of a court and jury te all the real merits. -It will, perhaps, be said, that the judgment of the diO trict court restoring the vessel, and refusing the certificafe,.is conclusive ; that it was a court of compe-
lent jurisdiction, and that, therefore, the matter which. it adjudicated could not be reheard, or its propriety examined into collaterally, in any other court. We are aware of the decisions of this court upon this point, and of the English dcisions upon the conclusiveness of judgments, from that in Fernandez v. De Acosta~a in the time of Lord Mansfield, to the more xerwet cases. Those, however, who have scrutinized
this doctrine see plainly that, in latter times at least, though it be the law, its inconveniences appear to be sometimes felt, and its wisdom perhaps sometimes
doubted. It is an intrinsic objection to the doctrine, that wfile it professes to look with a single eye to
the binding 'nature of the judgment, turnino away

Parlonlrt. 178. 3ct ed.

OF THE UNITED STATES.'
from the maerits, yet, in point of fact,.the merits do, in most of the cases, get i·nto view; so.Gdieflfsitcouilt it is to thrustthem back in discussions where justice only is sought. Already has the doctrine disappeared from the codes of some of the leading states in the tinion; from that of Pennsylvania by a positive statute, from that, of New-York by a judicial decision.a In how many more of the states it his been -broken down is not kn~wn, but it is not supposed to be a doctrine entitled to any peculiar favour in this court, But the difference between a sentence of condemnation and of acquittal is material. An acquittal does not ascert, tain fact, A conviction does, Its character is posilive. The former -may have arisen from want. of evidence, the latter must always rest upon some foundation of- proof. A conviction, says Buller, is evidence of the fact; but tf6e reverse of it i's not shown by an acquittal.b Even in a common action for ;assault and battery, the plaintiff cannot rely upon g conviction upon an indictment for the same assi.ult.c The consequence is, that the defendant may defend himself against thd suit by going into the original facts. The plaintiffs in error asked no idre below. So also, to.support an action for malicious prosecu.tion, malace in the defendant, and want of probable r ause, must both concur.d If, in this action, an acqatttal ha3 bae 1had upon the, indictment, the plaintiff anay still lay before the jury the evidence which was

1818.
V. HoYt

a Vandenheuvel v. The United Ins. Com. 2 Johns. Cas. 45g-

6 N. P. 245

c.Jones v. White, 1-$trango,68.

d Bull.N.P. 14

VoL. II.

37

8%CASES"

IN THE SUPREME COURT

18I. heard on the indictment, viz. all the facts and cir-

Scumstances

to show that the prosecution was mali.

GelstQn

V1. cious.a This surely opens-to the defendant the cor-

-Ry&. responding right of going into the original facts on

his side. Every principle of just reasoning would seem, then, to lead to the conclusion, -that the special matter ought to have gone before the jury. If it did n6t justify the seizure and detention, it might have served to mitigate thedamagep. The admission of the plaintiff's counsel, that the defendants below were

not actuated by any malicious or vindictive motive, was not tantamount to hearing all the special matter, since it might, and no doubt wduld, have-estab-

lished in the minds of the jury a far stronger claim to

mitigation than ihe mere absence of malice. The

great end, therefore, of every law-suit has been over.

looked. Justice has not been done. Unless the

judgments belowfbe abrogated, the defendants below,

acting as innocent men,'and as vigilant and meritori-

ous public officers, are in danger of being crushed un-

-der a load of damages which could scarcely have been

made more heavy it ieveiied at conduct marked by

the most undisputed and malignant guilt.-2. The

plaintiff below, by demurring to the second plea, was

precluded from all righlt of recovery; and that plea

contains .matter, which the demurrer itself admits,

and which entitled the defendants below to iudg..

,nent. A demurrer admits all facts that are suffi-

ciently pleaded. What, then, are the facts set forth

in this plea? Plainly these: that the American

"Fagle was fitted out and equipped with intent that

a Bull, . P. 14.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

s9he should be employed in the service of a foreigh prince or state, to wit, of th.at part of St. Domningo governed by Petion, to cruise against another foreign prince or state, viz. against that part of St. Domingo governed b'y Christophe; that this was contrary to the act of the 5th June, 1794, and that the, sei zure thereupon took place under orders from the president. Is not the cage of the defendants below, after these admissions, completely made out? Does
it lie with the plaintiff to say that St. Domingo was not a state, or Christophe aprince? Does not the plea affirm both? Does not the demurrer admit both? What besides was it'the object of the plea to affirm? What else did the -demurrer intend to admit? The former sets them forth as fundamental facts. The latter does not deny, but admits them.-S. In contending that, within the true, scope and intention of the act of the 5th of June, 1794, both Petion and Christ ophe were to be considered foreign princes, we do not mean to depart from the reverence due to the former decisions of this court in Rose v. Himelya
but think that there are solid grounds for distinguishing the present case from that decision. It is important that the different branches of the gov&nment should look upon foreign nations with the
same eyes, and subject them to the same rules of treatment. The decision in Rose v. Himely, took place in February, 1808. At that epoch, the act of congress specifically, cutting off intercourse with St.
'Domingo, and treating it as a depcndency of France, was in full force. For the judiciary to have pro-

1818. Geisti Galston
v: Hoyt.

,a4 C'ranch,241.272.

84,

,AsES IN ThE SU1 REME COURT

18f§. nounced this island an independent state, whilst tfie Ge letislature considered itas a colony, would have

v. IKot.

disturbed the harmony of the different parts of the governing poI ei. It would not be e~sy td foresee the mischiefs of such a conflict of authority and opi'nion. Look to the South American provinces at this moment. Spain claims them as her, lawful dominion: no power in turope has acknoledged their independence': yet, in some of them, the authority of the once mother country is wholly at an end. Now, what embarrassments might not result, if, alter the letter of the secretary of state of the 19th of January, 1816, to the Spanish minister$ our courts should pronounce Buenos Ayres, for example, to be rightfully 3n its full colonial dependence upon Spain. Vattel's -thority upon this subject. is decisive, According t6 him, we are to look to the state of things de facto -taking each, party to be in the right.a The rule Is, 'down in Rose-v. Himely, tha't such language was t6 be addressed to, sove'reigns, not court , may have been "applicable to the condition in 'vhich St. Domingo
then was. It cannot, however, be* conceded, that it 'is of constant and universal application. The progress of events may create a state of things, oi which, as they impress their c'onvictions 'upon mankind, courts
too *ill take notice. The Neikerlands waged a wat
of more thani 'half a century with Spain. 'Spain nevet 'ceased to call it a rebellion-. But 'what were the sympathies, what the conduct of protestant Europej, 'towards them. duying the principal part of the time? What -that of Engianu, -rnparticular, who ai not

Vattel, L, 3 ch. S'S. 18.

OF THE UNITED STATES,

lbruple to form 'treaties with them, while Spaln was still denouncing them as heretics, and i.sur'gents'?
The, fact being now palpable to the world, that St. .Domingo is independent of all conriexion with- Fran"e,
:repudiating her authority) and .sprning, her powei'
'this positive state of independence de facto'may at 'length well be taken to stand in the place of a formol. .acknowledgmeht of it by governments: and if courts ,1f justice are to wait until France relinquishes her caim, that day may. be indefinite indeed. The act. of congress, 'which specifically interdicted intercourse
with St. Domingo, onsidered as a colony of France; expired in April, 1808. It was-in full'force-at the time of the decision in Rose, v..Himely, which con-
'stitutes another marked distinction between that case and the present. As to the condemnations which it 'may be alleged took place under the general non-in tercourse laws passed afterivards, of 4essels coming, ftom St. Domingo, upon the footing of its belbnging to France, no inference 'against, the argument can be
hence deduced. *In the first place, those laws left it wholly indefinite as to What' colonies did or did not belong 'to France. They were couched in general terms only. .They prohibited all intercourse -with Gr-at Britain and France, and' their dependencies,
without uhdertaking to designbte 'in' any case what
the dependencies of either were. In the next place as far as is known, it appears that the government
'remitted the forfeitures in all such gases of condem-
nation, thereby minifqsting its opinion, if Qny infe,fence is to be drawn, that time, and the progressof
,e-vbnts, had-at length taken tfiis.'island out of-.-the trat

181ti iGel-st,o-
v. ol

1918. . Gelston,
V.
-Hoyt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
spirit and meaning of these general laws; and that, as the nations of Europe were trading with it as an independent island, the citizens of the United States might fairly be permitted to do, the same.- 4 . A leading object of the act of 1794, was, to preserve the peace as well as neutrality of'the United States. Thus, then, although St. Domingo might not be a sovereign state to all intents and purposes, (which it is not necessary to contend,) it was sufficiently independent, whether as to commerce or power, to fall within the mischiefs, and be embraced by the penalties, of the law in questioi.

Mr. Ho'ffman, and Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the defendant in error. 1 This court is not competent to take cognizance of this cause, under the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, cb. 20. The court has uppellate jurisdiction, only from the final judgment or decree of the highest 6ourt of law or equity of the state in certain specified cases. 13ut this jurisdiction cannot he here exercised, because the highest court of law and equity of the state of New-Yoik, to whom the writ of error is directed, is no longer in possession of the cause, but has remitted the record and judgment to the supreme court of the state, to whom the writ of error is not, and cannot be directed. The agreement of the parties under which the record is now before this court, reserves this question to be argued. It does not determine the retow to be re-
gular and vtlid, but only that the transcript shall have the same effect as if annexed to the -writ of error. But even supposing the cause could be re-examined

OF THE UNITED STATES

upon a return to the writ of error by the supreme court of the state, the main foundation of appellate jurisdiction in this court is wanting. The judgment

481S.
GelstotR v.

of the state court does not decide against the title, I-oyt%

right, privilege, or exemption set -up by thE defend-

ants below, under the act of congress of 1794, ch. 50%

On the contrary the state court has refused to give*

any construction whatever to the act of 1794, and to

decide whether, under the facts of the case, it did

or did not afford the defendants below, a legal defence

to the action ; because, the parties defendant, having

declined to argue the demurrer in the supreme court,

the court of 6rrors refused, upon grounds of state'law

and state practice, to hear them in that coult.A Part-

ties litigant are bound to exercise their rights, ae-

cording to the law and practice of the forum where

they attempt to assert them., If they do not assert

them according to the rules prescribed by the lex fori,

a decision against the party is not a decision against

the right set up by him; but only a decision that he

has not claimed that right according to the local law

and practice.-2. Ifhowever, the couft should beof

opinion, that the cause is regularly before it, then

we contend, that the testimony dffered by the defend-n

ants below, upon the trial at nisi prius, and which

was over-ruled by the judge, was properly -excluded,

They did not offer any evidence to show, that the

vessel had been, or was intended to be engaged in any.

illegal trade or employment. The only law to which

es For these grounds reo the this cause in the court of errors. qpiqion of Chancellor Kr. in 13 Johns. Rep. 576.

CASES. IN.THE SUPREME COURT
J8181 the testimony offered could have any reference, is,
GGtelstovain act of congress, which was passed June, 1794, V. ' entitled "an act, in addition to an act, for the pun-
]0oYt ishment of certain crimes against the United States,"
made perpetal by a subsequent act. By the third section of the first mentioned act, it is enacted, "that if any person shall, -within any of the ports, harbours, bays, rivers, or other waters of the United States, fit 'but, and arm or attempt to fit out and arm, or procureto be fitted out and armed, 'orshall knowingly be con'cerned in the furnishing, fitting out and arming, of any ship or vessel, with intent that such ship or vessel shall be employed in the service of any foicign prince ors-fnte, to cruise or commit hostilities upon the subjects, citizens, or property of any otherforeign rince or state, with whom the United States are at peace, &c. every such ship or vessel, with her tackle.
apparel, and furniture, together with all materials, arms, ammunition, and stores which may have been pro'cured for the building and equipment thereof,
shall be forfeited, one half to any person who shall giie infoimation of- the offence, and the other half to the use oft he United States." The detendants below merely offered to prbve that the ship was fitted out, -with intent that she 'should be employed, in the service of that part of the island of St. Domingo, wlich was then under the government of Petion, to cruise and commit hostilities uv., on the subjeets,.citizens, and property of that part of the island of St. Domingo which was then under the government' of Christophe ;" but did not offer tQ zhow that either of these parts of the island va; 4

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ioreign state, or that either Petion or Christophe. 1818. were foreign princes, with whom the United States
SGelon were at peace. And even if they had proved these v. facts,'the evidence would have been perfectly immk- Hoyt. terial and irrelevant: because, in the words of this court, "It is for governments to decide whethei they will consider St. Domingo, as an independent nation, and until such decision shall be made, or France shall relinquish her claim, courts of justice must consider the ancient state of things as remaining unaltered, and the sovereign power of France ovrdr that colony as still subsisting."a The same principal has also been recognised by the highest British tribunals, both as applicable t6 the case of St. Do-
mingo, and to other revolutions of states not re
cognised by the government of the country where the tribunal is' sitting that is required to take notice of them.b- What would be the absurd con,sequences of leaving each tribunal tq settle this question according to the information it might possess I Nothing can be more opposite and irreconcileable than the views given' of the situation of St. Doxningo by different writers and travellers. How then
should a court decide which has no other sources ,of information 1 The government is informed' by its diplomatic agents. It has a view of the.whole ground, and can judge what considerations ought to inguence the decision. of this question of complicated pq1icy.
Our foreign. relations are, by necessary, implicatior

a Rose v. Himely,4 Oran.h, 292. -

b 1 .Edwards, 1. and Appendix, G. The city of Bor"G V

The Bank 'of Englandi 9 1es. $47.

VoW. III.

-

1

1818. ,-i_,t_ Gelstoa
r. Htoyt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
delegated to congress and the executive, by the con'istitution. Neither Petion nor Christophe. have ever
had any secure, firm possession of the sovereignty irt St. Domingo. They have not only been contending
with each other, but they have had rivals who have attempted to establish adverse claims to different parts of the island by the sword. The defendants below have themselves theted in their official conduct on these principles. In the year 1809, they seized and prosecuted in the district court, the James and the Lynx, two vessels which had come with cargoes from St. Domingo to New-York, contrary to the provisions of the non intercourse acts, forbidding all commercial intercourse between the United States and Great Britain, France, and their depcndencies,. In these cases they consider St. Domingo as a colony of France ; and whilst the suits were depending, the ship, now in controversy, was seized by them, under an allegation that she was intended for the service of art independent state, which independent state was the same St. domingo they had just before considered, as a French dependency.- . The testimony 9ffered by the defendants below could'not be admitted, because the district court was the proper tribunal to determine -whether the vessel in question was or was not liabIe to seizure and forfeiture for the causes alleged. It having been decided in that court that she was so liable, its judgment is conelusive, and' preclude's every' tribunal, unless upon appeal, 'from re-ekamining the grounds of the decidon. The authorities on, this point are innumerable,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

rand flowing in a uniform current. a As to foreign sentences, it is -settled in this 'court that a sentence of condemnation, by a competent court, having jurisdiction over the subject matter of its judgment, is cunclusive as to the title of the thing claimed under it.b And that the sentence of a .prize court, cun-
demning a vessel for breach of a blockade; is conclusive evidence of the fact as between the insurer, and insured.c But what is still more pertinent to the present case, the court has deteimined that the ques. tion, under a seizure for a breach of the laws of the United States, whether a forfeiture has been actually incurred, belongs exclusively to the courts of the United States, and it depends upon their final decree. whether the seizure is to be deemed rightful or tor. tious.d The distinctiofi which 'has' been suggested
between the conclusiveness of condemnations and of acquittals, has been considered in several of the authorities, and iLis now perfectly settledthat no such dis-tinction exists. A condemnation may be founded -on the oath of the seizing party; and though by

1818.
Geltort
V
Holt.

a Vanderheuval v. The United Ins. Co. 2 Johns Cds. '127, and the autboritics there cited. The authorities collected in the same case, 2 Caines' Cases in Error, 217,

(3d London ed.) 78, 79. and the cases here citeg in a note. Cooke v. Stholl, 5 T. R. 255. Lane v. Degburgh, Bllc"is N. P. 244. Opinion of Mr. Justice JouNsoN in Rose v;

-andby Mr. ChiefJu stice (now Chancellor) KENT, iq his opi,i6n in Ludlow v. Dale, Id. 217. "Wheaton on Capt. 274,

Himely, in the circuit court, 4 Cranch, 508. Appendix, Note (C.) i2 Vi. Abr. 95, Ev. (A. c. 22.)

278. Peake'sLaw of.Evidence.

b Rosev. Himely, 4 Cranch, 241.

a Croudson et al. v. Leonard, 4 Cranch, 434.

d Slocum v. Mayberry, 2 Wheat. 4.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

M10.
celstou VP
)iO.Y

the laws' of the United States, he cannot share in the forfeiture if he becomes a witness, still he is interested to protect himself -by a condemnation. Shall, then, a condemnation founded on such testimony be

conclusive, and an acquittal not? The defendants, themselves, applied for time to plead until the district court should decide,,on the ground that its decision would be conclusive.a---4 . The testimony offered by the defendants below cbuld not be admitted in mitigation of damages. Because, if admitted, it would only be to show that there was reasonable cause for the seizure,' and, consequently, that the defendants acted withoift malice, or any intention to oppress the plaintiff bellow. - But the question whether there was
-owr as not reasonable cause of seizure, is a question which is expressly submitted to the disirict court by the statiltes of the United States,b and over which this court has declared the district court had exclu. sive cognizance, A certificat of reasonable cause for the seizure having been denied by the district court, every other tribunal is as much precluded, except on appeal, from examining whethei there was or was not reasonable cause for the seizure, as they are froix examining whether there was or was nbt sufficient cause of forfeiture. The plaintiff below ·adiiitted upon the trial, that the defendants had not been influenced by any malicious motives in making. -the"sezure, and that they had not acted with any view or design of oppressing or injuring the plaintiff. And the judge who tril the cause at msi priu
.a See 8 oW. Rqi. 119. .b Act of the 24li Fob. i807, cb. 7-,

OF THE UNITED STATES., charged the jury that this afImission precluded9th

28 1(8

plaintiff from claiming vindictive damages, and the jury rendered a verdict only for the actual damag es,
as proved by uncontradicted testimony. Where a certificate of reasonable cause is refused, or not gran, ted, a party making an illegal seizure, can" be in no 'better state than he would be, if te law had made no provision respecting a certificate. It is well settled that probable cause is no justification of an ile .gal seizure,- unless it be made a justification, by sta lute. Nor can evidence of probable caxise be re" ,ceived, td mitigate the damages in cases where ther is a disclaimer as 'to e -ery -thina but actual damages;
For whether there was or was not malice or probao hle cause, the actual damages sustained must be rst covered for an illegal seizure, or for any other tres 'pass, if -any thing whatever is recovered.-5. TIhe second and third pleas of the defen'dant below gre' manifestly bad on general demurrer. First. P e tion and Christophe were not foreign princes, nor their territories foreign states, and consequently a
seizure for fitting out the vessel to be employed iii their service could not be justified.a Secondly. The
president had no authority by.law to order the -seiz-. ure. The 7th section of the act of 1794, does nt apply to thit cause. If it did, the president's order can only be a justification when applied to an -illegal Act; If no illegal act be proved, there can be nQ justification under the order. Were it otherwise, the president would be a despot. The 7th section 'Of

Gelaton v.
Hoyt

h See tho authorities citpd ante, p. 289,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
Gelston~
V.
Hot.

the act provides, "that in every case in whicl a ves-
sel shall be fitted out or-armed, or attempted -so to be fitted out or armed, or in which the force of any vessel of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel, shall be increas-
ed or augmented, or in which any military expedition or enterprise shall be begun or set on foot, contrary to the prohibitions and provisions of this act; and in every case of the capture of a ship or vessel within the jurisdiction or-protection of the Unitcd. States, as above defined, and in every case in which any process issuing out of any court of thd United States, shall be disobeyed or resisted by any persor or persons having the custody of any vessel of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel, of any fqreign prince .or statp or of the subjects or citizens of such priace or state in every such case, it shall be lawful for the president of the United States, or such other person as he shall have evapowvered for that purpose, to employ such part of the lamai or naval forces of the United States,
or of the militia thereoft.as shall be judged necessary, for the purpose of takin6g possession 9f, and detaining any such ship or vessel,' yith her prize or prizes, if any; in order to the execution of the prohibitions and penalties of this act, and to the restoring such prize or prizes, in the cases in which restoration shall have been adjudged, and .also for the purpose of preventing the carrying on of any such expedition or enterprise, from the territories of the United States, against the territories or d minions of a foreign prince or state with whom the United States are at peace." Under this provision; the, president could not authorize the defendants below to seize. Ha

OFTHIE UNI TEDTAT
could only employ the army and Aavy, or the militia, for that purpose. He couid only authdrize an arrezt or detainment, not a seizure, which is a taking and carrying away. He could )nly au thoriz*e a taking possession of and detaining the vessel, in order to the execution of the penalties and prohibitions of the act. rhe vessel migl. have been libelled, and taken into custody of the officers of the court ; but the defendants below have not averred themselves to be revenue- officers, and as such, authorized to seize by the act of 1790, ch. 153. Third-
ly. The 2d plea is not a nar in'the court where it was pleaded. What could the plaintiff below have -replied to this plea ? That there was no forfeiture, as alleged ? But the state court has no authority to try the question of forfeiture under the laws of the United States. The- courts of the United States have exclusive jurisdiction of that question, and their decision. is final and conclusive upon every other tribunal.' -0 r suppose that the plaintifi had replied, that Petion and Christbphe were not independtnt princes., No municipal court whatever has power to determine that question. The executive government is alone competent to recognise new states arising in the world., and it would be extremely inconvenient and embarrassinz in this age of revolutions, for courts and juries to interfere in the decision of a question of such delicate and complicated policy, depending upon a va.. riety of facts which they cannot know, and of considerations which they cannot notice. Again; if-the plaintiff had replied that the president had given no such instructions as mentioned in the plea, the repli-

1818,.005
Gelston V. Hoyt.

'1818.
G°r'elstd"a
T, BOXlt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
cation would have been immaterial, and a ground of demurrer. Fourthly, Neither of the pleas aver, that the ship was actually forfeited, but only that it was " s eized as forfeited," which is not an equiva-
lent averment. The case of Wilkins v. DespardC where a similar plea was pleaded, is distinguishable. That was a seizure under the British navigation act, 12 Car. II. ch. 18. s. 1. by which the legality of the seizure, and the question of foifeiture itself might be tried in any court -ofrecord in the British dominions, "and, consequently, in the court itself; where the plea ,was pleaded. Fifthly, The 3d section of the act of 1794, after specifying the offences meant to be punished,' provides, that " every such person so offen.ding shall, ',upon conviction, be adjudged guilty of a high misdemeanour, and shall be fined and imprisoned af the discretion of the court in which the con'viction' shall be. had, so that the fine to be imposed
hall in no case be more than five thousand dollars, and the term of imp:isonment shall not exceed three ybars; and every suAh' ship or vessel, her tackle, ap. parel, and furniture, together with all materials, arms, ammunition, and stores, which may have been procured fo'r the building and equipment thereof, shall ,be forfeited, one half to the use of any person who 'shall give information of the offence, and the other half to the use of the United States." By every just rule of construction, the proceeding by indictment against the offender, and his conviction, must precede

g 5 T.R. 112.

OF THE UNITED STATE.'

the suit in rem, and the forfeiture of the- vessel. The phraseology of the act is different from all the other, statutes authorizing seizures and creating forfeitures. By those statutes, the revenue officers have power to seize and proceed in rem against the thing seized as forfeited, independent of any criminal proceeding
against the offending individual. By this act, the,forfeiture of the thing is made- to depend upon the convictionof the person, and the president alone has power to seize, and -that only as'a precautionary measure to
prevent an intended violation of the laws. Sizt1
The 3d plea is particularly defective, in oinitting to state, as is done in the 2d plea, what princes or foreign states were intended- it merely alleges, that the vessel was fitted out with intent to be "emplobyed in the ser vice of some foreignstate, to commit hostilities upon the subjects of anotlierforeign state,. with which the United States *ere' then at peace." It is a sacred rule of pleading, that where an offence is charged or a 'forfeiture is claimed, the facts must be so alleged as that the court may judge whether Uwj~e has been an offence committed or forfeiture incurrea.a To so vague an al-
legation as this, it would be impossible for the plaintilT
below to reply.

1816.
Galgim, v
Hoyt.

Mr. Baldwin, for the plaintiffs in error, in reply, insisted on the validity of the special'pleas.. The defendants below were not bound to answer the con-

a Coin. Dig. tit. Action .on Stat. (A. 3.) pl. 1. Davy v. Baker, 4 .Burr. 2471. Rex
VOL. III.

v. Robe. 2 Slrange, 999. 2: Saund. 379. Radford v. M'Intosh, S T. R. 636.
39

SCASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

1618.
''
Geiston V.
Hoyt."

version, because the trespJass' was complete withoat
it. - This defect, if any, ought to have been newly as-
signed by the plaintiff below, if he intended to hve advantage of it.a The forfeiture was .well pleaded.
The offence being committed, the forfeiture instantly attaehes.b The plea here states, that the ship was seized "as forfeited," in the same ,manner with that which was held good in Wilkins v. Despard, and it alleges the offence in the words. of the statute. An
allegation that the seizure was made for a violation of the law, that the thing sei6zed *as taken as forfeited, is equivalent to' an allegation that it was actually~forfeited. Nor was it necessary to aver that the seizure was made by a military or naval force. The 7th section of the act of 1794, evidently contemplates the employment of that description of force, only when, in the opinion of the Dresident, it might become necessary to carry into effect the law. In other cases the seizure might be made by the ordtinary means of the revenue officer.. Nor is a conviction , on an indictment or informatioin personam, necessary before the proceedings in rem. are commenced. None of the objections to the special pleas are availble orr general demurrer. The plaintiff below should have replied, -that Petion and Christophe were not independent princes or states, and so have had that question tried as a question of fact. The existence of new states in the world may commence in various
ipodes. First Colonies may become independent

a Taylor v. Cole3 T. R. 292. 4.ThaM]Iars, 8.CranIh,417..

e 5 T. R. 112

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the parent state by means, of force, and in acquiescence in the effects of that force on the part of the mother country for a sufficient length of time, to in dicate a relinquisbment of all hopes of recovering possession of'the dominion. The pride of princes and nations will not always permit them o'penly and expresAly to recognise the independence of rebellious subjects, until long after they have relinauished all
hope of subduing them. When the case of Rose v. Himely was determined, a war de facto existed between France and St. Domingo ; and the former, so far from relinquishing her sovereignty over the latter, was actually attempting to assert it by force of arias. A long period of time has since elapsed, and-the attempt has not been -renewed. The people of the isl. and have settled down under governments, the conduct of which is a pledge of their stability, and whose policy and institutions would .do ,honour to more civilized and ancient communities. Secondly. The existence of new states may -be recognised by the supreme power of every country, in whose courts of justice the question of their independence may arise, and that even"while the civil war still rages between the new people. and its former sovereign. ,When thus recognised by the legislative or executive authority of other countries, the tribunals of those countries are bound to take notice of their existence as independeat states. This recognition may be made in various modes : by treaty; by a legislative act ; by an executive proclamation; by sending to, or receiving from the new state, a public minister or other diplomatic agent. Thirdly. Their independence may also

1818. GeistoR
X1167

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

Is.' 44G-]0SI-t~oli
V. Eoy,

be recognized, by a treaty of cession from the parent country. This treaty, may not have become a pub-
lic, historical fact, of which courts of justice will take notice without other evidence than its pwn notoriety.
It may be deposited in the archives of a foreign, or of our own government. It may require to be proved 'in the same manner .as foreign written laws are proved. In any -ofthese views, the question as to the independence of St. Domingo is a question of facti -to be tried by the jury, and, consequently, the plaintiff ought to have replied,' that Petion and Christophe were not independent princes or states, as alleged in the defendants' pleas. The instruction of the presi,dent, in this very case, implies that he recognised the independence of the island ; -the instruction could Uot otherwise have been legally given. As to the conclusiveness-bf the decree of restitution in the dis'rict court, it is founded on" principles which push the doctrine of the conclusiveness of sentences, to a degree of extravagance irreconcileable with reason and common sense. That every sentence of a court lhaving jurisdiction of the subject matter, so long as it remains unreversed by the appellate tribunal, is
-conclusive as -to the title of the thing claimed under
.it', is conceded. But, according to the jurisprudence of the state of New-York, the, sentences of foreign ,courts of admiralty 'are held not to be conclusive as
-Io other persons than those claiminr titld to the pro-
yerty;& and the- conclusiveness of the sentences of

a Vabdonheuverlv. The United Ins. Co. 2 Caues' Cas. E932. a. C.]3 Jv ass-.] f2f., 45 L

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-domestic courts of peculiar and exclusive jurisdctio1

.

depends upon precisely the same principle. 1tut sup- Geiston

posing a sentence of condemnation to.be conclusive, Y. for all purposes, and against all persons; it does Hoyt

mot follow that a sentence of' restitution ought

to have the same effecf. A judgment of acquittal

is of -a negative quality merely. and ascertains no

precise facts.a It only shows that sufficient evidence

did not appear to the court to authorize a condemna-

tion. Why is a decree of'condemnation held to be

conclusive? Because it is a basis of the title to the

thing condemned. But an acquittal forms no part of

the title to the thing acquitted, which is restored to

the former proprietpr, who holds it by the same title

as-before. The case, said to have been decided'before

Baron Price, in the year 1716,b is not pertinent, The

elementary writers d9 not consider this.as.an adjudged

point in any of the cases; and their' authority, which

-s of great weight, makes'a distintinction, founded in

reason and the nature of things, between a sentence of

condemnation and a sentence of acquittal.c All the au-

thorities confine the conclusiveness of the res judcatz

to parties and privies. The defendants below were

neither. Mr. Evans, in commenting upon the decision

of Baron Price, reported in Viner, says that, "upon

c Buller's N. P. 245. Peake's Law of Ev. 48.

.jaw Tracts, 742.

b 12 Vin. Abr. 95.

"(Av.. b. 22.)

c Peake'sLaw of Er. 48. Phillips on Evido

2 Evan's Pothier,354-

1 Harge. 228, 229.

IN 1818. ""' .so Hoyt.
Eb'. !3.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
principle, I should conceive that the opposite deter-
mination would be more correct, as such an acquittal wolId be warranted upon the mere negative ground, thatthe crown had not adduced sufficient eyidence to
support the seizure; and an individual, having a collateral interest in supporting the legality of the seizure, is not a concurrent party with the crown in supporting the condemnation, and asserting the claim of property on the one side, in the same manner as every person having an interest in opposing such condemnation, is in contemplation of law a sufficient party on the other.a So, in this case, the defendants below were not concurrent parties with the United States in supporting the condempation. It does not appear that the defendants -were informer's, and so entitled to one half the forfeiture ; the prosecution -was carried on in the name of the government and by its law officers; the defendants had no control Over it, and could not appeal from the decision of the district court. They 'ought not, therefore, to be concluded by it.
The cause 'was again argued at the present term, by Mr. Baldwin for the plaintiffs in error,'and by Mr. D. B. Ogden and by Mr. Jones for the defendant in- er-
ror.

Feb. i7th.

Mr. Justice STonY deliyered the opinion of the. tourt. This is a writ of error to the highest court of law of the state of New-York; and the questions which are re-examinable upon the record in this
1%2 Eans' Pothier, lb.

OFTIIE UNITED STATES.

40o

court .are such only as come within the purview of the 1818.

25th sectioh of the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20.

Gelaton

But-a preliminary question. bas been,made, which

.

must be discussed before proceeding to consider the Meyt.

merits of the cause.

It is contended that the Irecord is not, and cannot

be brought, before this court.

By the judicial system of' the state bf New-York;

the decisions of their supreme court are revised and .corrected in a court of errors; after which the record Usencdtieornthoef25ththe
is returned to the supre·me courl, where the judgm.ent joufd1i7c8i9a1rych. a$c0t as corrected is entered, and where the record· remains. for fornfom otfhei,r
In this* case the writ of error was received by thecourt may be
court of errors, after the record had been transmitted directed toany
state court i
to the supreme court whose judgment was affirmed. which the re
cord and judg
It is contended that, the record being no longer mment in the the court of the last resort in the state, can, by no pro-found. be

cess, be removed into this court.

The judiciary act, allows the party who thinks him"

self aggrieved by the decision of any inferior court,

five years, within which he may sue out his writ -of er.

ror, and bring his cause into this court. The same rule

applies to judgments and decrees of a state court, in

cases within the jurisdiction of this court. As the con-

stitutional jurisdiction of the courts of the union can-

not be affected by any regulation which a state may

make of its owu judicial system, the only inquiry will

be, whether the judiciary act has been so framed as to

etmbrace this case.

The words of the act are, "that a final judgment

br decree in any suit in the highest court of law or

04 1I51. e.h Hoyt.

CASES- IN THE SUPREME COURT
eqUiIty of a state in which a decision could be had, where is drawn in question," &c. "may be re-examined and reversed or affirmed in the supreme court of
the United States upon a writ of error, the citation being signed,"' &c. The act does not prescribe the tribunal to which the writ of error shall be directed. It must be directed either to that tribunal which car? execute'it; to that in which the record and judgment to be examined are deposited, or to that whose judgment is to be examined, although from its structure it may have been rendered incapable of performing the act required by the writ. Since the low requires a thing to be done, and gives the writ of error, as the means by which it is to be done, without prescribing in this particular the manner in which the writ is to be used, it appears to the court to be perfectly clear that the writ must be so used as to effect the object. It may therl be directed to either court in which the record and judgment on which it is to act may be found.' The judgment. to be examined must be that of the highest court of the state having cognizance of the case, but the record of thatjudgment may be brought from any court in which it may be legally deposited, and in which it may be found by
the writ In this case, the writ was directed to the court of"
errors, which; having parted with the record,. could not execute it. It was then presented to the supreme court but, being directed to-the court of errors, could not regularly be executed by that court. In this ,state of things the parties consented to waive all ab.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

30J

jections to the direction of the writ, and to consider the record as properly brought up, it, in the opinion
of this court, it could be now properly brought up on

a writ of error directed to the supreme court of New-

York. The court being of opinion that this may be

done, the case' stands as if the' writ of error had been

properly directed.

. The orivinal suit was brought by the -defendant in

error against the plaintiffs in error for an alleged tres-

pass for taking and carrying 'away, and converting to their own use, the ship American Eagle, and her

appurtenances, and'certain ballast and articles of pro-

visions, &c. the property of the defendant in error. This is the substance of the declaration, although there are some differences in alleging the tort in thq,

different counts. The original defendants pleaded,

in the first place, the general issue, not guilty, to the'

whole declaration ; and then two special pleas. The first special plea,; in substance, alleges5 that the said'

ship was attempted to be fitted out and armed, and that the ballast and provisions weie procured 'for the

equipment of the said ship, and were put on bord of

the said ship as, a part of her said equipment, vith in-

tent thatthe said ship should be employed in the service of a foreign state, to wit, of thatpartof the 'istand of S, Domingo which was then under the government of

Petion, to commit hostilities upon the subjects of, another foreign state; with which the United States

were then at peace, to wit, of thatpartof the island .of

t. Domingo which was then under the government c f

Ckristophe, contrary to the. form. of the stat ut .m

VOL. II.

4P

1818. o
Gelsrton
Hoyt.

CASES IN' THE. SUPREME COURT

ISIS. k 061sto,
Hoyt,,

such case made and provided; and that the original defendants, by virtue of the power and authority, abd in pursuance of the instructions and directions of the
president of the Vnited States, seized the said ship. &c. as forfeited to the use of the United States, acc6rding to the statute aforesaid, &c. The second special plea is like the firsf, evcept that it does not state that the ship was seized as forfeited, but alleges that the ship was taken possession of, and det'aied, under the instrucfior s of' the president of the United States, iriorder to the execution of the prohibitibn and penalties of tile act in such case made and providdW; and except that it omits the allegations fnde' the videlicets in the first plea, specifying the Vdtf.e4g state by or :against whom the said ship was to be employed. To these pleas there is a general dilturrei, and joinder in demurrer, updn which the state court gave judgment in favour of the original iliihtiff "U'poh the trial of the general issue,, a bill o'fexcelptions was taken to the opinion of thecourt. gy.that bill" of exceptions, among other things, it ajp6ar:z, tIat the originar pliftiff, at the triiil, gave in evadence, that at the time of' the seizure the ship was inhis actual full and peaceable possession ; that the ship, upon the seizure, had been duly- libelle'd f6r the alleged offence in the- district eoirt of New-York; that the original plaintiff appeared and drly claimed the said shi't; and upon the trial she was duly acquitted, and ordered to be restoredi to the origina plainti fby the district court*; and that a certficateof'rkasonable cause -for the seiz'ure of the said ship brd 'heir deid. The plaintiff .then gave in evi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

dence, that the value of the ship at the time of her -seizure was 100,000' dollars ; and that the said Schenck seized and took possession of the said ship ly the written directions of the said Gelston; but no other proof was offered by the plaintiff, at that time, of any right or title in the said plaintiff to the said ship; and here the original plaintiff rested his cause. The original defendants then insisted before the court, that the said several matters, so produced and given in evidence on the part of the original plaintiff, were hot sufficient to entitle him to a verdict, and prayed th court so to pronounce, and to nonsuit the' plaintiff. But the court refused the application, and declared, that the said several matters so produced and given in evidence were sufficient to entitle the plaintiff to a verdict, and that he ought not to be nonsuited. To which opinion the original defendants then excepted; and the original plaintiff then gave in evidence that he
puretased the said ship of James Gille'pie, who had purchase her of John R. Livingston and Isaac Glason, the owners thereof, and that in pursuance of such purchase, the said Gillespie had delivered full and com-
plete possession of the said ship, &c. to the original plaintiff, before the taking thereof by the original defendants.
The otiginial defendants (having given previous notice of the special matter of defence to be given in evidence on the trial under the general issue, accordlngto the laws of New-York,) offered to prove and give in evidence, by the way ofdefence and in mitigation of damages, the same matter of. forfeiture alleged in their first special plea, with the additional fact that

isis,
Geiston Hoyt.

308
1818. t
v. Hoyt.

3 CASES JTN THE SUPREME COURT
the said Gelston was collector, and the said Schenck was surveyor of the customs of the district of r~ewYork, and as such, and not otherwise, made the sei-
zure of the ship, &c.. And the original defendants did, thereupon, insist that vie said several matters, so offered to be proved and given in evidence, ought to be admitted in justification of the trespass charged against the defendants, or in mitigation of the damages claimedby the plaintiff, and prayed the court so to admit it. But the counsel for the plaintiff, admitting that the deferndants had not been influenced by any malicious motive in making the said seizure, and that they had not actea with any view or design of oppressing or injuring the plaintiff, the court overruled the whole of the said evidence so offered to be proved by the original defendants, and did declare it to be inadmissible in justification of the trespass charged against the defendants;, and after the admission so made by the original plaintiff's counsel, that the said evidence ought not to be received in mitigation or diminution of the said damages, as the said admission precluded the plaintiff from zlalming any damages by way of punishment or smart money, and that after such admission the plaintiff could only recover the damages actually sustained, and with that direction left the cause to the jury.
Prnm this summary of the pleadings, and of the facts in controversy at the trial, it is apparent that this court lias appellate jurisdiction of this cause, only so far as is drawn in question the validity ot an, authority exercised under the United States, and the d ecision is against the validity thereof and so far as

OF THE UNITED STATES. -

is drawn in question the construction of some clause in a statute of the United St.tes, and the decision, is against the title, right, privilege, or exemption special-
ly set up or claimed by the original defendants, for to such questions, (so far as respects this case,) the 25th section of the judiciary act has expressly- restricted our examination., Whether such a restriction be not inconistent with sound public- policy, and does not materially impair the rights of other parties as'well as of the United States, is an inquiry deserving of the most serious attention of the legislature. We have nbthing to do but to expound the law as we find it; the 'defects of the system must be remedied byranQth.er department'of the governnient.
The cause will be first' considered in reference to the bill of exceptions. In respect to the proof of the original plaintiff's cause of action, and the opinion of the court that such proof was sufficient to entitle hiu to a verdict, no errnr has been shown upon the argument; and certainly none is perceived by this court. If, bowever, there were any error in that opinion, we could not re-examine it, for it is not within the purview of the statute. It does not draw in question, any au. thority exercised under the United States, nor the con-. struction of any statute of the United States.
In respect to the reiection of the evidence offered by the original defendants to prove the forfeiture, and their right of seizure, there can be nb doubt that this court has appellate jurisdictionj if by law that evidence ought to have ,been admitted in justification of the trespass chargect .on the original defendants; for it

198. e G. HoyL
,

310

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
'
Gelston V.
Hoyt.

involves the construction *of a statute of, and an authority derived from, and exercised under, the United
States. In order to establish the admissibility of the evi-

dence offered by he defendants, it is necessary for

them to sustain the affirmative of the following propo-

sitions. 1. That a forfeiture had been actually

incurred under the statute of 1794, ch. 50.-2,

That it was competent for a state court of commbn

law to entertain and decide the question of forfeit-

ures. 3. That the sentence of acquittal in the dis-

trict court was not conclusive upon the qaestion of for-

feiture; and, 4. That the defendants as officers of the

customs, had a right to make the seizure.

At common Upon the last point, there does not seem to be law, any per-much rocm for doubt. At common law, any person p0eornilm, aseyitzaet hfoisrmay at his peril, seize for a forfeiture to the govern-

a foeitiure. to the -govern-ment;

and

if the'government

adopt his

seizure,

and

the

ment.

property is condemned, he will be completely justified;

and it is not necessary to sustain the seizure, or justify the condemnlhtion, that the party seizing shall be entitled to any part of the forfeiture. (Hale

on the Customs. Harg. Tracts, 227. Roe v. Roe, Hardr. R. 185. Malden v. Bartlet, Park. R. 105.;

though Home v. Boozey, 2 Str, 952. seems contra.) And if the party be entitled to any part of the for-
feiture, (as the informer under the statute of 1794, ch. 50. is by the express provision of the Law,) there can be no doubt that he is entitled in that character to seize. (Roberts v. Witherhead, 12 Mod. 92.)

In the absence of all positive authority, it might be proper to resort to these principles, in aid of

OF THE UNITED STATES,

311

the manifest purposes of the law. But there are ex-, 1818.

press statuteable prov,isions, which directly apply to Geelston the present case. The act of the 2d of March, 1799, V

ch. 128. s. 70: makes it the duty of the several offi- Hoyt.

cers of the *customs, to make seizure 'of all ves- statute the

selg and goodi liable to seizure by virtue of any act ofcers,of the

revenue may

of the United States, respecting the revenue, andseize where

assuming

the

statute

of

1794,

ch.

50.

not

to

be

a

the laws of the
reve-unitet States

nue

law within

the

meaning

of this

clause,

still

the

have been
case lated.

rio-

falls 'within the broader- language' of thd act of the

18th of February 1793,. ch. 8. s. 27. whi'ch authori-

zes the officers of the revenue to make seizure of any

ship or gobds, where any 'breach of the laws of the

United States has been committed. Upon the gene-

ral principle then, which has been above stated, and

upon the express enactment of the statute, the de-

fend'ants, supposing there to have been an actual for-

feiture, might justify'themselves in the seizure. There *Aforf-i'ure is this strong additional- reason in support of the po- ret, at the ma
I ment the of-
sition, that the forfeiture must be deemed t,o. attach 'rfneintcteed iasndctorhntr at.the moment-of the.commission of the offence, and, prdperay is in consequently, fron that moment, the title of te'srtonptelryy ddeisveeisn

plaintiff would he completely devested1 so that he could maintain no action for the subsequent seizure. This is, the doctrine of the English courts, and it has been re- The United cognised and enforced in this court, upon very solemn States' courts
argument. (U. S. v. 1960 Ba~s of Coffee, 8 ranc, have exclusive

398. The Mars, 8 Cranch,417. Roberts v. Witherhead questions of

, I I'foreLiture un

12 Mod: 92. Salk. 223. Wilkins v.- Despard, 5 T. BR. dirthe laws of

112.)

the United States, Their

sentence of

In the next place, can a state court of common condemnation

law, entertain and decide the question of forfeiture or acequittai
conclusive.

1818.
" Gelston
V. hoyL

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in( this case. This is a -question of vast practical
importance ; but 'in our judgment, 'of no intrinsic legal difficulty, By the constitution, the judicial power of the United States extends to all cases of law and equi-
ty arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, and to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; and by the judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20: s. 9. the district courts are invested with eXdisive original cognizance of all ivil 6auses of admirIlty and maritime jurisdiction, and of all seizures on land and water, and of all suits for penalties and forfeitures incurred under the laws of the United tgates. This is a seizure for a forfeiture under the laws of the United States, and, consequently, the right:to decide upon the same, by the very terms of the statutes, exclusively belongs to the proper court of the United States ; and it depends upon its final deciee, proceeding iT 're m whether the seizure is to be adjudged rightful or tortious. If a sentence of condemnation be pronounced, it is conclusive, that a forfeiture is incurred ; if a sentence of acquittal, it is equally conclusive against, the for:feiture ; and in either case, the question cannot be litigated in another forum. This was the doctrine asserted by this court, in the case of Slocum -v. AMayberry, (2 Whieat. R. 1.) after very deliberate consideration, and to that doctrine we unan-
imously adhere. The reasonableness of this doctrine results' from
the very nature of proceedings in rem All persons having an interest in the subject matter, whether as seizing officers, or informers, or claimants, are parties or may be parties to such suits, so far as their interest

OF THE UNITED STATES.

extends. The decree of the court acts upon the thing in controversy, and settles the title of the property itself, the right of seizure, and the question ,of forfeiture.
If its decree were not binding upon all the world upon the points which it professes to dqcide, the con-
sequences would be most mischievous to the public. In case of condemnation.no good title to the propei could be conveyed, and no justification of the seizure could be asserted under its protection. In case of acquittal, a new seizure might be made by pny other
persons to.ie's quoties for the same offence, and the claimant be loaded with ruinous costs and expenses. This reasoning applies to the decree of a court having competent jurisdiction of the cause, although it may not be exclusive. But it applies with greater force to a court ot exclusive jurisdiction; since an attempt to re-examing its decree, or deny its conclusiveness, isa ,uanirest violation of its exclusive authority. It is doing that indirectly,.which the law itself prohibits to be done directly. It is, in effect, impeaching collaterally, a sentence which the law has pronounced to be valid until vacated or reversed on appeal by a superior tri-

1818. G61ston
v; Hoyt.

bunal.

The argument against this doctrine, which has been An action for

the seizure

urged at the bar, is, that an action of trespass will in cannot be

case

of a seizure, lie

in a state

court

of

common

brought in
law, sctoamtemocnourt

oaf

law,

and therefore the defendant must have a right to pro- beforoth, de-

teat'himself by pleading the fact of. forfeiture'in hisc ision of the.

defence.

But

at what.time

and

under

United States',
what cil cum- courtupon the

itances will an action -of trespass lie? If the action be M-ding in

commenced while the proceedings ii rem for the sup-

posed forfeiture are pending in the proper court Of tlie

Veo,. is

41

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. United States, it is commenced too soon; for until a final G-elston, decree, it cannot be ascertained whether it be a trespa#0
V. or not, since the decree can alone decide -whether he

Hoyt. taking be rightful or tortious. The pendency of the

suit Sn rem would be a good plea in abatement, or a temporary bar of the action, for it would establish that-

if the action no good cause of action then existed If the action be

be brought at- commenced after a decree of condemnation, or aftervmn

ter a condem-

nation, or ac- acquittal, and there be a certificate of reasonable cause

quitthl with a

certiticate ofof seizure, then in the former case by the general law,

re&'onable eause of sezand in the latter

case

by the special

enactment

of the

urc

statute of the 25th of April, 1810, ch. 64. s.*1. the de-

medaiynbebapr.lead-cree and certificate are each .g. ood bars to the actioli. But if there be a'decree of acquittal and a denial of such

B_ut ift upon"c"ertificate, then the seizure is established conclhsively the acquittal, to he tortious, and the party is entitled to hi4 full dema-
a certificate is
re.used,- the ges for the injury. ceuluzssiivreelly5seosnta-- The cases also of Wilkins v. Despard, (6. "r, R. btdlirsthioeuds ;toanbde 112.) and Roberts v. Witherhead (12 .od. 92. Sa/k. ,thefact otfor-33.) have'been relied on to show that a acourt of
feiture cannot
be pleaded in common law maRy entertain the luestiont of 1cfbar. suaso be feituie, notwithstanding the exclusive jurisdiotion fof
!,gain drawn
in question in the exchequer in rem. But these cases do not sustain
the state court.
the argument.. They were both founded on the act
-of navigalioni 12 Car. 2. Ch. 18 s. 1. which vmong

o'ther things, enacts that one; third of the Sforfeiture shall go to him "who shall seize, inform, or
sue for the same -inany court of record.? So that it
is apparent that in respect to forfeitures under this 9tatute, the ekchequer had not ,an exclusive jurisdic-

tion, -but that the other courts of common lw had

OF THE UNITED STATES.

at least a concurrent juri.diction; And if these cases 1818.

,id not admit of this obvious distinction, certainl y"GGGelesstoont

they coulfd not be 'admitted to govern this court in it..

ascertaining a jurisdiction vested by the 'constitution Hoyt.

and laws of the United States exclusively in :their

wift courts.

'It is, therefre, clearly our opinion, that a state court

hias no legal autnority to bntertain the question of for-

feiture in this case; and that it xclusively belongea

to the cognizance of the proper court of the United

States. Indeed no principle of general law seems bet-ofTaeCdeOcui.rltoonf ter settled, than that the decision ot a court of a pecul-pecuaiar and

iar and exclusive jurisdi tion must be completely bind- exclusive ju-

risdiction, is

ing upon.

the judgm. en.t of ever"y

oth.er

court, in which completely

.'"inding

upon

the saine subject inatter comes incidentally in contro- thn judgment

versy. It is familiarly known in its application to the of every othe

cutwhere.

sentences

of

ecclesiastical

courts,

in the

probate of the same sub-
. I"jee matter

Wills and granting of adminhistratioIns of personal estate; comes iniden-
tally in contro
to the sentences of prize courts in all matters of prize veisy.

jurisdiction ; and to the sentences of codirts7 of 'admiral-

ty and other courts acting in rem, either to enforce Sor-

f~itures or todecide civil rights. In the preceding discussion, we have been*unavoida -

bly led to consider and affirm the conclusiveness of

the sentence of a court of competent jurisdiction pro-

ceeding i remr as to the question of forfeiture; and a

,fortioritoaffirm it in a case where there is an exclusive

jurisdiction. In clases of condemnation the authori-

ties are so distinct and pointed, that it would, after the'

Yery learned discussions in the- state courts, be- a'

4asteof time to examine them at large. Nothing can

be better settled, than that a jentence of Pondemna-

1ASES IN THM SUPREME COURT

I8S. tion is, in an action of trespass for the property seite*,

dnclusive evidence against the title of the. plaintif.

v. Hoyt.

(See Harg.-Tracts, 467. and cases there cited. Th. mas v. Withers, cited by Mr. Justice Buller- in Wilkins

v. Despard, 5 T. R. 112. 117. Scott v. Shearman, 2 W. Bok. 977. Renshaw v, Pleasance, 2 W. BlMck.

1174. Geyer v. Aquilar, 7 T. R j8L and caem cited bh. Lord Kenyon, 14U696. Meadows x. Dutchess 'Ef Kingstop, ,Amber's Rep.756,, 2 .ens' Pothir

.Obligatios, 346 to 367. A. distinction, .howdver, 'has lie" takett 4a*ud -

tempted to. be sustaihed' at the br,,between the effect
Lwohonlectlhs ekr e-,tthoe f'z: ~seil~teqce og'eondemimtion-:aqd of a senteace Of
coentednecm.abtieonof acquttal. It'.i admitted.-that'rit forme is 1CA.CItraquittd. sive ; but it is .said that it is, otherwise aft, to the latter,

for it 9scertainis 'no fact. IV ip:.certai*ly kncumlatt

on the party-whio asserts such a Aistinctios to porve

it .existence by.direct authorijes, or indiucti ns frtp

known and admitted, principles, . -the Duchess of Kingston's casej (11 State TTWA -261. Rwppixgpn Eject. 364. .!e, Hist..Comm Law by.R-

ning&n note, p. 39,. &c.) Lord, hief Justice I)e Grey aecljiree that'the rule of Ovide wp must, bei as

it is, Often. declred, to be, rFciprocql;.4nd" that, in all

,casesin'.hich-the -seute~ces favourable to the party are to bd adr't!ed aA ronclusiv, Ovidence for him, the

denteijees, if uniavouranle, are, in [ike manner, conclx"siye evidence against him. .This is the, language of

very , gh authprity, sinc.e it is:the unied. opinion of

- all tme. juages of Englal ; ap4, thpugh., delivered, i tpl ;kpnpp~cabp, ,trictly"j,o a-onrpngl ,suit, mg,;.e

TIM~ U!ILTPD STAME.

enWequUll'to upply to civil 'suits ..and sentences.- 8M.

And uponp'rinciple, where isthere to be found a sub- '

trntial dijierence between a sentence of condemna- v.

4ion 'aud of acouittal n rem.? If the,former ascertains

.

and Etes the -ftrfeiture, and, therffore, it is conclu-

ive,. the latter no less ascdrtains that there is no. fir,:1eithre,-4nd, therefore, restores the property to- the Mkimant. It dannot be pretended that a new seizure hight, after asi'tzcuittal, be made for the same sub-posed.offence; orif made, 'Mal the former sentence Jwould not,,as evide'nce, be conclusive, anid" as a bar, be' peremptory against the second suit in rem. And if Cinclusive"either way, it must be because the acquitt ascerizans the, fact that there was no forfeiture. And'if the-ct.be found, 'it is 'strange that it cannot'be evidexce for the party if found one way .and yet can 4*evidenee against him, if found another way. Ifsuch were the rule, it would -be a perfect anomaly in th.' kw,. and utterly subversive of the first principles of re 'cippocal justice. The only authority relied on for'this

.purpboe is a dictum in. )3uller's 'isi Prius, (246.) where ij is said that though a conviction in a -court of -criminal-jurisdiction be conclusive evidence of the fact,. a.9it.atferyvids come collaterally in -controversy in.a -Court-oftiviljurisdiction; yet an acquittal in such, .urt is n pfoof' ofthe reverse, for an acquittal ascei-

-ins ho fact.as a conviction does. The case relikd onto.support this dictum, (3 .fod. 164.) contains nothingwhikh-lends any-countenance to it, (Peake's-Evid.

3d ed. p. 47, 48.) But assuming it to be goodlaw.in respect to criminal suits-it has nothing to do with pro-

18 1818.
Ge.sVto. i. Hoyt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ceedings in rem. Where property is seized and libelld as forfeited to the government, the sole object of the suif is to ascertain whether the seizure be rightful, and the forfeiture iricurred or not. The decree of the court, in such case,'acts upon the thing itself, and binds the interests of all the world, whether any party actually appears or not. If it is condemned, the title of the property is completely changed, and the new title acquired by the forfeiture travels with the thing in all its future progress.' If, on the other hand, it is acquitted, the taint of forfeiture is completely removed, and cannot be re-annexed to it. The original owner stands upon his title discharged of any latent claims, with which the supposed forfeiture may have previously in. fected it. A sentence of acquittal in rem, does, therefore, ascertain a fact, as much as a sentence of condemnation ; it ascertains and fixes the fact that the
property is not liable to the asserted claim of forfeiture. It should therefore %be conclusive upon all the wbrld of the non-existence of the title of forfeiture, for the same reason that a sentence of condemnation is conclusive of the existence of the title of forfeiture. It would be strange indeed, if, when the forfeiture ex directo could not be enforced against the thing, but by an acquittal was completely purged away, that indirectly the forfeiture might be enforced through the seizing officer; and that he should be at liberty to asseit a titie for the government, which is judicially abandoned Iby,or *onclusively established against, the government itself.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
,One argument farther has been urged at the bar on this point, which deserves notice. It is, that the sentence'of acquittalought not to be conclusive upon the -original defendants, b'cause they were not parties to
4hat suit. This argument aaaresses 'itself equally to-a sestehc.e of condemnation; and yet in such case the sentence would have been conclusive evidence in fa-r v'odr of thYe defendants. The reason, however, of this rule is to be found in the nature of proceedings -n Tem. To. such proceedings all perffons having an intefest Idr title in the subject matter are, as we have already. sta. tedi in law, deemed parties; -and the decree of the couxrt is conclusive upon all interests and titles in coittroversy before it. The title of forfeiture is,necessarly in controversy in a suit to establish that forfeiture ; and therefore all persons having a right or interest ,in establishing it (as the seizing officer 'has.) are, in IegaJ 'ontetnplation, parties to the suit. It is a great misr ,take to consider the seizing officer as a mere stranger to tbe suit. He virtually identifies himself- with thi government itself, whose aorent he is, from the ronent of the seizure -up to the termination of the suit, R{is own will is bound up in the acts of the government Ot reference to the suit: For some 'purposes, as. for -instance to procure a decree of distribution after cortdetonation where he isentitled to share in the forfeituye, or to dbtain a certificate of reasonable cause of seizure after an acquittal, he may ihake himself a direct- partyv totheuit. and in all other cases he, is deemed to be present and represented by the government itself, By the very act of seizure le agrees to become a. party to

38 IBM:.
. ROiA

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURt

18r1. Gelsston,
Roy

the suit under the government; for in no other r*Wa-
ner can he show an authority to make the, seizure, or to enforce the forfeiture. If the government ro' fuse to adopt his acts or waive the forfeiture, there ib
an end to his claim: he cannot proceed to enforce that which the government repudiates. In legal propriety, therefore, he cannot be deemed a stranger 'to the decree in rem; he is at all events a privy, and, as
such must be bound by a sentence which ascertains the seizure to be tortious. But if he were a mere stranger, he would still be bound by such sentence, because the decree of a court of competent jurisdiction in rem is, as to the points directly in judgment, conclu-
sive upon the whole world. Upon principle, therefore, we are of opinion that the
sentence of acquittal in this case, with a denial of a certificate of reasonable cause of seizure, was conelusive evidence that no forfeiture was incurrpd, and that the seizure was tortious : and that these questions cannot again be litigated in any other forum. And if the point had never been decided, we should from, its reasonableness and known analogy to other proceeda ings, have had entire confidence in' the correctness of the doctrine. But there are authorities directly ih point which have never been overruled, iiox a fwhr 'as we know ever been brought judiciallyinio doubt. Above a century -ago it was decided by Mr. Baron Price, (12 Vir...A.fignegi. A B.. 22. p. 95.) that an acquittal in the :ewciequer was conclusive eviderice of the illgxiity of the seizure, and he refused, in thit case (whiih was trove for the goods seized) to let the ..parties in

OF THE UNITED STATES.-

to contest the fact over again. This case 'was tited

as undoubted law by, Mr. Justice Blackstone, in his

elaborate opinion, in Scott v. Shearman, (2 W. B1.

977.-) and the doctrine was fully recognized by the

court, and particularly by Lcrd Kenyon, in Cooke v.

Sholl, (5 T. R. 255.) 'although that cause finally 'went

off upon another point. In all the cases which have

been decided on this subject) no -distinction has ever

been taken between a condemnation and an acquittal

in rem, and the mainer in which these cases have been

cited by the court, obviously show, that no such dis.

tinction was ever in their contemplation. If to these

decisions we add the pointed language of Lord Chief

Justice De Grey, (in the Dutchess of Kingston's case,

11 S ae Tiials, 218. &c.) "tnat the rule of evidence

must be, as it is oftendeclared to be reciprocal;"the dec-'

laration of Lord Kenyon, in Geyer v. A'guilar, 7 T. R. 681. 996) that "where there has been aproceeding in

the exchequer, and a judgment in reml·as long, as that

judgment remains in force it is obligatory upon the par-

ties who have civil rights depending on the same ques-

tion;" and the generul rule laid down by Lord Apsley,

(Meadows v. Dutchess of Kingston, Amb. Rep. 756.)

that where a matter comes to be tried in "a collateral

way, the decree of a court having competent jurisdic-

tion shall be received as conclusive evidence of the

zfttter," ez dir~cto determined; -there seems a weight of,

authority in favour of the doctrine, which it is very

difficult to resist. We may add, that in a recent case

which' was not cited at the argument, (The'-ennet, 1 Dodon's Rep. 175. 180.) where a.ship had been.captur-

VoL.' IIi.

"42

321
1818. Gelston
v. Hoyt.

Geiston
V.
HoytL

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ed as a prize, as being engaged-in an illegal voyage and acquitted by the sentence of a vice.admiralty court, Sir. W. Scott held, that by such sentence of a competent tribunal, the question had become res adjudicata, and might be opposed with success as a bar to any inquiry into the same facts upon a second capture during the, same voyage. Yet here the parties, who ere, captors, were different; and the argument might have been urged, that 'the acquittal ascertained no fact. The learned jtdge, however, considered the acquittal conclusive proof against the illegality of the voyage, and that all the world were bound by the sentence of acquittal in rem. And the same doctrine was held by Mr. Justice Buller, in his very learned opinion in Le Caux v. Eden, (Doug. Rep. 594. 611, 612.)a

a In a recent case, in the courtof exchequer in England, it has been determined, that a judicial sale of a vessel found at sea and brought into port as derelict, under an order of the instance court of admiralty, on the part of the salvors and claimant, (without fraud and cqllusion,) is available against the crown's right of seizure for a previous forfei-' ture incurred by the ship having beer guilty of a forfeitable offence against the revenue 4w. although. .the crown.

was not a party to the proceeding in the admiralty court, other than by the king's procurator-general claiming ther vessel as a'droitof adatirally; and although no decision of droit or no droit was, pronounced, and the sale took placependentelite under an interlocutory order. It was held, that the crown should have claimed before, the courtv
either as against the ship in the first instance, or subsequently against the proceadv of the iale, which werepAd

OF THE UNITED STATES.

"This view of the case would be conclusive agailast the admission of the evidence offered by the original defendants at the trial, as a justification of the asserted trespass. But the other point which has been stated, and which invclves the. construction of the act of 1794, ch. 50. s. 3. is not less decisive against the defendants. That act inflicts a forfeiture of the ship, &c., in cases where she is fitted out and armed, or attempted or procured to be fitted out and armed, with the intent to be employed "-in the service of any foreign prine or state, to cruise or commit hostilities upon the subjects, citizens or property of another foreign prince or state with whom the United States are at peace." The evidence offered and rejected, was to prove that the ship was attempted to be fitted out and armed, and was fitted out and armed, with intent that she should be employed in the ser-" vice of that patt of the island of St. Domingo which was then under the government of Petion, to cruise and commit hostilities upon the subjects, citizens, and property of that part of the Island of St. Domingo -which was then under the government of Christophe.

IS 18.
Gelston V.
Hoyt.

into the registry to answer claims under the order of sale, or have moved a prohibition. That the 'warrant for arresting the ship by the admiralty, and the process of citation, was notice to all the worid ofthe subsequent proceedings: And that in pleading such Lale, in defence to an information in the exchequer,

the facts shoul be put specially on the record, so that the attorney-generh! might dernur to, or traverse them, The Attorney-General v. Noistedtf (claiming the ship Triton,) 3 Price'sExchequer Rep. 97. See Vyne's History of the Life of Sir £eoline Jenkins, vol. 11, p. 762.

324

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. No evidence was offered to "prove, thateither of these

Gelston y.
lioyt.

governments was recognised by the government of the United States, or of France, "as a foreign prince or state ;" and if the court was bound to admit the

evidence, as it stood, without this additional proof, it

musi have been upon' the ground that it was bound to

take judicial notice of tfie relations of the country

with foreign states, and 'to decide affirmatively, that

Petion. and Christophe were foreign princes within

It is theexclu- th- e purview ,of the statute. No doct .ne is better

sive. right of' governmentsto established,

than

that

it

belongs exclusively

to

go-

acknowledge
new states n.vernments

to

recognise new

states in

the revolutions

oisiithe

which may occur in the world; and until such re-

world, and un cognition either by our own. government, or the go

tit such recog$
nition by our vernment

to

which

t°he

new" state

belonged,

courts

government,or
bthyiehantetwowshtaihteo".f

-"
justice

'are

bound

to

consider

the

ancient state

-
trev Ay be

things as remaining unaltered. This was ex.

on esiour preSsly held by this court in the casq of Rose v,

bund to Con Himely, (4 Cranch, 241.)- and to that decisign on

.iderth6 an .ctiheinnt.sordaesr roef this

point

we

adhere.

, And

the

same

doctrine

is

maning unclearly sustained by the judgment or' foreign tibu-

changed, nals, (The Manilla, 1 Edwards R. 1. The city of

Berne v. The Bank of England, 9 Ves. 347. Dolden

The rivalv. Bank of 'England, 10 Ves. 353. 11 Ves. 283.) If,

chiefs in. tahree iDsolamnidngof -SL therefore, this

were a fact proper

for the consideration

,notforignprin of a jury, and to be proved i&pais, the court below

"ces

or states the aetwere

not

bound

to

admit

the other evidence,

unless

within oprfoIh7i9b4it,icnhg .t5h0e-. this

fact

was

proved

in

aid

o~f

that evidence,

for

.sthtiinpgforuttheasnery.withiu.t it

. no forfeitur6 could

be incurred.

If, on tfie

ee of ny fo other hand, this was matter of tact, of which the

reign princeor court were boundi judicially to take cognizance, then

-mte tocrie
. ."'fmoyria0ea-"the court were right in rejecting the e' vidence, for to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

far as- we have knowledge, neither the government of Petion nor Christophe have ever been recognised as a foreign 'state," by. the government of the United States, or of Prance.
In every view, therefore, of this case, the state court were right in rejecting the evidence, so. far,as it was offered irt justification. Was it then admissible in mitigatiQn of damages?. Upon this point -we reallydo not entertain the slighest doubt. The evidence has no legal tendency to show that any 'for-
feiture had been incuired, and upon the proof. already-V in,the cause, the seizure was established to be torilous."
The plaintiff admitted that the 'defendants had actedwithout malice, or an intention of oppression.. Under such circumstances, he waived any claim for, vindidtive damages, and the state court very properlydirect-
i& the jury, that the plaintiff could -only recovei "the ac'tual damages sustaine4 by him, And in no p"'sAil shape, -consistently-with the rules of law, could theat7. idence diminish the right of ,the plaintiff to recover his aottal damages. We have taken notice of this pointthe-more readily, because it was pressed at the bai with considerable earnestness. But in strictness of lau$ the point is not subject to, our revision. We have no right, 9n a writ of error from a state court, under *& act of congress, to inquire into the legal correctness bf the rule by which the damages were ascertained and #essed. Thereis )io law of the United States, which interferes with; or tiuches, the question bf damages. It il.aquestion depending altogether upon the dominoni
Jaw; and the act of congress. has expressly prechu-

1 'S;
Gelstox"
,.
H.oyt

.26

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.' Gelston.,
T.
Hoyt.

ded us from a consideration of such a question. Whether such a restriction can be defended upon public pol-
icy, or principle, may well admit of most serious
doubts.
We may now pass to the consideration, of the second plea, which asserts, as a defence, a seizure under the laws of the United States, by the express intruction of the president, for a supposed forfeiture in rem, and attempts to put in issue the question whether sxiuh forfeiture was incurred or not. If this plea was well pleaded, then a question may properly be said to drise within the meaning of the 25th section of the judiciary act, and as the state court decided against the right and authority set up thereon, the decision is re-examinable in this court. Several objections have been urged at the bar against the sufficiency of this plea upon technical grounds ; aid if these objections are well founded, then it may be admitted that the court below may have given judgment on these special grounds, and not have decided against the right and authority set up under the United States. In the first place, it is argued, That this plea is bad, because-it does not answei the whole charge in the declaration, the plea justifying only the taking and detention, and containing no answer to the damaging, spoiling, and conversion of thq property -charged in the declaration. We are, however, of opinion, that the plaintiff can take nothing by this
objection, The gist of the action in. this case was the taking and detention, and the damaging, spoiling,
and conversion were matter of aggravation only;

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and it is perfectly well settled, that a plea need answer 1818. only the gist of the action, and if the matter alleged in Gelston aggravation be relied on as a substantive trespass, it v should be replied by way of new assignment. (Tay- Hoyt. lor v. Cole, 3 T. R. 292. S. C. I. Bi. 555. Dye v. A plea need. Leatherdale, 3 Wils. [. 20. Fisherwood v. CarmaSn. athnsewgeisrt ofonthlye cited 3 T. R. 297. Gates v. Bayley,2 Wils. R. 313. 1 action, and if
the matter al
Saund. R. 28- note 3. Cam. Dig. Plead. E. 1. Mon- leged in aggra privatt v. Smith, 2 Camp. R. 175.) Independent, ho.. lation ba ever, of this general ground, there is', in this partitular substantive , case, a decisive answer to the objection; for if the mat- h8old"be re
plied by way ter of the plea were true and well pleaded, then by the of nntew assign forfeiture the property was completely divested out of me .
.the plaintiff; and, consequently, neither the conversion nor damage were any injury to him.
But there are-other defects in this plea which, in Defetsofthe
pleas innLb
our judgment, are fatal. In the first place it is not alleged that theship and her equipments were forfeited for any offence under the laws of thd United States. It is true that it is stated, that the ship was attempted to be fitted out and armed, with intent that she should be employed in the service bf a foreign state, &c. to commit hostilities upon the pubjects 6f another foreign state, &c. contrary to the statute in such case made and provided. But it is not added, whereby and for the cause aforesaid she became and was.forfeited co the United States. Nor is this deficiency supplied by the subsequent averment, that the ship was, by the instructions of the president, seized "as forfeited to the use of the United States;" for the manner and capse of the

29
1818. Gclstton
v. Hoyt,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
forfeiture ought to be directly stated. The plea is, therefore, not only argumentative, but it omits a substantive allegation, without which it could not be sustained as a bar.
In the next place, the plea is bad, because it does not aver that the governments of Petion and Christophe are foreign states which have been duly recognised, as such, by the government of the United States, or of France, which, for reasons already stated, was mees~ry to complete the legal sufficiency of the plea.
And in our judgment a still more decisive objection is, that the plea attempts to draw to the cognisance of a state court a question of forfeiture under the laws of the United States, of which the federal courts have, by the constitution and laws of the United States, an exclusive juridiction. For the reasons already mentiobed, if the suit for the forfeiture was still pending when the action was brought, that fact ought to have been pleaded in abatement, or a temporary bar to such abtion: If the action was brought before proceedings in rem had been institutedithat fact ought to have been pleaded, with an allegation that the jurisdiction of the question of forfeiture exclusively belonged to the district court of the district where the seizure was made, which would have been a plea in the nature of a plea to the jurisdiction of the state court: If the suit were determined, then a condemnation, or a acquittal with a certificate of reasonable cause of seizure, ought to have been pleaded, as a general bar to the action. These are all the legal defences *which the mere seizure coild justify; and if these all failed, then the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

399 1

seizing officer must have been deemed gui:.y of the 1818.

trespass. The plea then stops short of the allega- Gel"st'ou

tions which the seizing officer, was bound to make v.

to sustain his defence, and it ittempts to put in issue H'Yt,

matter which, standing alone, no court of common

law is competent to try. The demurrer then may well

be sustained to this plea, since the party demurring ad-

mits nothing except what'is well pleaded, ahd the plea

beirig bad in substance, there is, in poixt pf law, no

eonfession of any forfeiture.

The third plea differs in several respects from the

second, and is that on which the court have felt their

principal difficulty. Itasserts that the ship was attemp.

ted to be fitted ont and armed, with intent that she

should be employed in the service of *ome foreign state,

to commit hostilities upon the subjects of -another for-

eign state with which the United States were then at

peace, contrary to the form of the statute in such case

made and provided ; and that the defendants by virtue of the instructions of the president, "did take posses-

ion of, and detain"the said ship, &c. "'in order to

the execution of the prohibitions and penalties of the

act in such case made and provided." It omits to al-

lege any forfeiture of the ship, or that she was seized

as forfeited. So far then as the plea, may be supposed

to rely on such forfeiture as a justification, it i.s o·pen toA plea j~tifjr the same objections. which have been stated against the A a seizure

second plea. ,

Soufn1d7e9r4thceh.a5cot.

Another objection bas been urged ,at the bar againestntheedpnaortticsutalate

this plea,-which does not apply to the second. It is, prince Pr state

thitit does not specify the foreign' state in whose

am a

Vey. ITL

4t3 ste

os srgathnst pwwh"aom

30
1818.
Gelston
,.,
Hoyt.

CASES IN THF SUPREME COURT
vice, or against whom,.the ship was intended to be employed. .A6the allegation follows the w6rds of the statute, it has sufficient ceftainty fora lbel or information in -remfor the asserted forfeiture under the statute; dnd, consequently, it has sufficient certainty for a plea. thdeed, there is as much certainty as there would have been, if it had been averred that it was in the service of
or against, some foreign state unknown to the libellant, which has bpen adjudged in this court, to be sufficient in an information of forfeiture. (Locke T. The United
States, 7 Cranch, 339. But the main otjection' to* this- plea is that it at-
tempts.to-justify the taking possession, and detaining of the ship, under the' instructions of the president, when the facts stated in the, plea do not bring the case within, the purview of the statute of 1794, ch 50. which is relied on for this purpose. This statute, in the seventh section, provides, that in every case in Which a vessel shall be fitted out and armed, or attempted to'be fitted out and armed, or in which the force of any' vessel of war,, cruiser, or other armed
essel, shall be increased or augmented, br in which
any military expidition or efiterprise shall be bdgun, tir set on foot, contrary to the prohibitions and provisions of that act, and in'every case of the capture of
t ship or vessel within the jusdiction or protection ofthe,United States, and in every case in which anyprocess iisuihg out of any court of the United States shall be disobeyed or resisted by any person or perabns, having the custody of any vessel of war, cruiser, or ather. armed vessel of any foreign prince or state,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

or of the subjects or citizens of any such-nrince or state; in every suc. case, it shall be lawful for the president of the United States, or such other person as he

1818. G G ;

shall have empowered for that purpose to eraploy such Hoyt.

part of the land or navel forces of the United States,

or of the malitia therieof, as shall be judged necessary

for the purpose oftakingpossession of and detaining any

such ship or vessel, with 'her prize or prize if any, in

order to the execution of the prohibitions anl penalties

of the act, &c. It is to be recollected that this third

plea does not. allege any forfeiture, or justify the taking

and detaining of the ship for any forfeiture; and that

it does not allege that the president did employ any part of the land or- navel forces, or militia of the

United State- for this purpcse, or that the original de-

fendants, or -either of them, belonged to the navel or

military forces of the United States, or were employed

in any such capacity, to take and detain the ship, in order to the execution of the prohibitions and peralties

of the act. But the argument is, that as the president

had authcrity by the act to employ the navel and military forces of the United States for this purpose, a The 7th e

fortiorn he might do. it by the employment of'civil ore. tinof7th9e4a,c.t0.
But'upon the most deliberate consideration, we are f vO'notiltbnd
- ed ;to apply,
a different opinion. The power thus en'trusted to the ewxhoeerpettoacassecsi president is of a very high and delicate nature, and man- zure or. deten
tionnoud not
ifestly intended to be.exercised only when, by the ordi- benroreed by nary process or exercise of civil authority, the purpo,the ordinary
auo itp-ower,
ses of the law cannot be effectuated. It is.to be ex- nd "ws no
cessary in the
erted oji extraordinary occasions, and subject to th,a,t ppirnei8osnidentto's.-emo
high responsibility which all executive acts necessar.iyploy iajal or
military pow er.

is$
1818. Gelston
T. HoYt

CASPS IN THE SUPREME COURT
Involve. Whenever ii is exerted, all persons who sit in obedience to the executive jnstructions, ii cases within the act, are completely justified in takihg pbssession of,_and detaining the offending vessel, and arL n6t responsible in damages for any injury Whirh the .party may suffer by reason of such proceeding; SueIy It never could have been the inten tioft U congress, t hat such a power should be allowed as a shield tb the 'seizing officer, in cases where that seizure might be made 'by the ordinary civil meang? One of the case3 put in the section is, where any process of the courts of the United States is disobeyed and resisted; and this case abundantly shdws, that the authority of the president wiis not intended to be called into exercise, %unlesswhere military and naval force were necessary to ensure the execution of the laws. In terms the section is confined to, the employment of military tnd naval forces; and there is neither public policy not principle to justify an extenasioni of the prerogative, beyond the terms in -which it is given. Congress might be perfectly willing to entrust the president With the power to take and detain, whenever, iii his opinion, the case was go-flagraht that military or 'naval force was necessary to enforce the lawg, and
yet with great propriety deny it, where, from eircurm-
stances of the case, the civil- officers of the government might, upon their private responsibility, without any danger to the public peace, completely eeecute them. It is certainly against the general theory of our institutions to create great 'discretion"r.y powers by' implication: and in the present ift-

OF TrlE INITED iTATE,.

.43

;Mance we see nbthing to justify it. The third plea is, therefore, Tor this additional Teasbn, bad in its 'very sifbstance, and the state court were: right in giving judgment on the demurrer for the -original
plaihtif. Th'e judgment of the 6ourtfor the correction or et-
rors of the state of New-York, is affirmed with dama. ges at the tate of 6 per cent. upon the judgmnent, from the rendition thereof, and costs.

1818. Gelstoik
*y.
Hoyt

Mr. Justice JoHuzsoN;. As the opinion delivered iii 'this case goes into the'consideration of a variety of topics which do not appear to me to be essential to the vase I will present a brief view of all that I consider as now decided.
Three pleas are filed to the -action. The first. is The general issde, under which, 'accordiig *to the practice of the state, from which the case comes, .notice was giv'n that the forfeiture would, be given in ev-. dence.
The second pleaL is a justification, on the ground of a seizure under the order of the president, for the -forfeiture, incurred under thi third section of. the act of
1794. The third is. a justification under the. order of the
ptesident, to detain for the'pui-pose of enforcing the prohibitions -and penalties incurred under the third section. And this order is supposed to have beeh issued under authority given in, the .seventh section.
On the first plea issue was taken; and on the trikI the state court refuised to admit evidence of the foi-

8.3.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. feiture, on the ground that the acquittal in the dis-

*' ' trict court was conclusive against the forfeiture. And

Gelston v.

on 'this point this court is of opinion that the state

Hoyt. .rourt decided correctly. This court is also of opi-

Acquittal in
tchoeurtdisctroincctlu nion,

that

the state

court

could

not

have

tried the

sire.

question of forfeiture arising under the laws of the

stat courtsUnited States. But this point would have been fatal

could not

try to te
ofthe

suit,

not to

the defence, had

itbeen properly

the question

forfeiture. pleaded.

Defect of the To the second and third pleas the defendant demursceocnotanndmpnlega aansreed., but as the second plea contained only an 'rgtu-

argumpntativementative, and, of course, defective averment of the

averment forfeiture, viz. "seized as forfeited," that is " becaue

forfeited," that plea did not bring up the question of

forfeiture, or any question connected with it. Neither does the third plea bring up the question of
forfeiture: for the justification therein relied on is

'The seventh wholly independent of the forfeiture, and rests upon

section of thethe 6rder of the president to detain for trind, in effect.

act of 1794 did nthoet praeustidheonriztteo Aftd hence

the only

other point in

the

case

is,

whether

order private the seventh section of the act empowered the presi-

individuals to dnt to issue such an order. And on this point we are

seize, but only
to employ the of opinion,

that there is no power given by that act to

military andt nenavfoarlceforacesetio- authorize a seizure, but only to

call on

themilitary or

zure. a iatal forces to enforce a seizure when necessary. The

defence set up is-not founded upon the exercise of s h a power, but upon a supposed order to the defendants, in their private individual character, to take and detain. The act, therefore, does not sustain the defence.

Judgment affirmed.

OP THE-UNITED STATES.

Mr. D. B. Ogden inquired to which of the'-state courts the mandate to enforce the judgment was to be tranismitted.
Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL. We must consider the'record as still remaining in the supreme court of New-York, and consequently the mardate must be directed to that court.
Mandate to the supreme court of New-York.

1818.
Gelston v.
Hoyt.

JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on 'the transcript of the record of the. supreme court of judicature or the people of the state of New-York, returned- with the writ o'f error issued in this case, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it isadjudged and ordered, that this court having- the power of revising, by writ of error, the judgment of the highest court of law in any state,. in the cases specified in the act of congress, in such case provided, at any' time within five years from the rendition of the judgment in the said courts, have the power to bring before them the record of any such judgment, as well from the highest court of law in. any state, as from any court to which the record of the said judgment may have been remitted, and in wLich it may be found, when the writ of' error from this court is issued. And the court, therefore, in' virtue of the writ of error in this cause,, do proceed and take cognizance of this cause upon the transcript of the record now remaining in the supreme court of judicature of the people of the state of New-York; and they do hereby adjudge and order, that the judg. ment of the court for the trial of impeachments and

assR

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. correction of errors in this case, be, and the same is Un%it. aSt~ates heieby affirmed, with costs and damages, at the rate
. Iof six per centum per annum on the amount of tne

Bevans.

judgment of the said court, for the trial of impeach-
ments and correction of errors of the state of NewYork, to be computed from the time of the rendition of the judgment of the said court for the trial of impeachments and correction of errors of the state of

New-Yoik.

(CONSTITUTIONAL LA w.)
-The UNITED STiTES V. BE-ANs.
Admitting that the 3d article of the constitution of the United State%, which declares that "the judicial power shall extend to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," vests in the United States exclusive jurisdiction of all such cases, and that 'amurder committed in the waters of ikstate where the tide ebbs and flows, is a came of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction ; Congress lave not, in the 8th section of the act of 1790, ch. 9; ." for the punishment of certain offences against the United States," so exercised this power as to confer on the courts of the United States jurisdiction over such murder.
Quere, whether courts of common law have concurrent jurisdiction with the admiraly over murder cdmmitted in bays, &c. which are enclosed parts of the seal
,Congress having, in the 8th section of the act of 1790, cli. 9, providsd fur the'punishment of murder, &c. committed "upon the high seas, or in any river, haven, basin, or bay, out of the jurisdiction of any particular state," it is not the offence committed, but tho bay, &c in which it is tommitted that must be out ofthe jurisdiction of the

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUAR Y TERM, 1818.

(COMt4ON LAW-.)

JACKSON,

ex dem. THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF
N g-YORx, "v.CLARKE.

G.. C., born in the colony of Now-York, vent to England in 1738, where

he resided until his diqease; end being seized of lands in New-

,York, he, on the 30th of November, 1776, 'in England, devi.sed the

same to the defendant, and E. C.,as tenants in common, and died so

seized on the 10th December, 1776. The defendant and E. C. hav-

Ing entered, and becoming possessed, E. C. on the 3d December, 1791

bargained and sold to the defendant ailhis interest. The defendant and

E. C. wore both born in England long before the revwoution. On thp

twenty-seceond ofMarch, 1791, the legislature of New-York passed an

act to enable the defendant to purchase lands, and to hold all other

lands which lie might then he entitled to within the state, by nur-

chase or descent, in fee simple, and to sell and dispose of the same

in the same manner as tny natural born citizen might' do. The

treaty between the United States and Great Britain of 1794, contains

the following provision : "Article 9th. It is agreed that British sub-

jtcts who now hold lands in the territories of the United States, and

American citizens who now hold lands in the dominions of his majesty,

1 o0L. III.

2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
Jacksorn C .

shall continue to hold them according to the nature and tenure of their
Srespective estates and tites therein; and may granz, sell, or devise the same.to v.olom they please, in like manner as if they were natives, and that neiiher they, nor theirheirs, or assigris shall, so Cir as respocts the said lands and the legal remedies incident thereto, bo ccin-
sidered as aliens." The defendant at the time of the action lbrugit. stiU continued to be,a British subject. Held, that h-w3as entitled to hold the lands so devised to him by G. C., 'and tran,ferred to him
by E. G.

ERRO. to the circuit court for the district of NewYork.

This was an action of ejectment commenced in the supreme court of the state of Nev-York, and %remov-
ed thence into the circuit court of the United States,
for the New-York district, where, in September, 1815, a trial was had, and a special verdict found, in the
words following, to wit :
At wrhich day in this same court, at the city of New-York, in the New-York district, came the parties aforesaid, by their attorneys aforesaid, and the jurors aforesaid being called also cotn, who to say the truth of the above contents, being elecifd, tried and sworn, say, ipon their oath, that long before the above mentioned time, when the trespass and ejectment above
mentioned, are supposed to have been committed, namely, on the tenth day of, April,,1706, Anne, Queen of England, by letters patent under the great seal of the then colony of New-York, did grant unto Sampson Broughton, and divers other persons in the said letters patent named, and their heirs, a certain tract of land, situate in the then colony, now state of
New-York,- to have and to hold the same to them, their heirs and assigns, forever, as tenants in common,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

and not as joint tenants. And that the lands and
tenements, with their appurtenances specified in the foregoing declaration of the said James Jackson, were part and parcel of the said tract of land granted, as
aforesaid, by the said letters patent. And the jurors
aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that
the said Sampson Broughton, and the said other persons to whom the said tract of land was granted as
aforesaid by the said letters patent, being so seized ifee simple, and possessed of the said tract of land by virtue of the said letters patent, did afterwards, to wit:
on the twelfth day of April, in the year last aforesaid, by good and sufficient cqnveyance and assurance in
the law, for a valuable consideration, grant, bargain,
sell, and convey unto George Clarke, now deceased, (who was formerly lieutenant governor of the said
colony, and who was then a subject .of England, and who remained so until the time of his death,) and to his hetrs, one equal undivided ninth part of the 'said tract ocf lard granted as aforesaid, in and by the said
letters patent, to have and to hold to him, his heirs and assigns, forever. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that partition of the said tract of land mentioned in the said letters patent
was afterwards, to wit, in the year last aforesaid, made in due form of law, between the last aforesaid George Clarke, and the other proprietors of the said tract of land mentioned and granted in and by the said letters patent. And that by virtue of the said partition, the last aforesaid George Clarke became, and was sole seized in fee simple, and possessed' of the lands and tenements, with the appurtenances specified in the said declaration of the said James Jackson,

1818.
Jackson v.
Clarke.

CASES IN THPE SUPREME COURT

1818. and continued to be so seized and possessed thereof,

Jackson
v. Clarke.

untl lthe~time of his death., And that the last afore-
said George Clarke died so seized and possessed, in the year 1759. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their

oath aforesaid, further say, that George Clarke, who was late -secretary of the colony 6f New-York, was the eldest son, and heir at law of the before mentioned George Clarke, formerly lieutenant governor, as aforesaid. And that, upon me death of the said George Clarke, formerly lieutenant governor as aforesaid, the said George Clarke. late secretary as aforesaid, as spn and heir, as aloresaidi entered up-. on, and was seized in fee simple, and possessed the lands and tenements, with the appurtenances specified in the said 'declaration of the said James Jackson. 'And being so seized and possessed, did afterwards, to wit, on the thitieth day of November, 1776, at Hyde, in the county palatine of Chester, in the kingdom of Great Britain, make and publish, in due form of law to pass real estate, lis last will and testament, and did thereby devise unto his grand nephews, the said George Clarke, the defendant in the said declaration named, and Edward. Clarke, and to their heirs and assigns, as tenants in common, and not as joint tenants, the lands and tenements in the said declaration specified, with the appurtenances. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that the said George Clarke, late secretary as aforesaid, afterxwavds, to wit, on the tenth day of December, 1776, at Hyde aforesaid, in the said county palatine of Chester, in the sdid kingdom of Great Britain, died so seized and possessed as aforesaid, and without having altered or revoked his said last will and testament. And

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that upon the denth of the said George Clarke, late secretary as aforesaid, the said George Clarke, the said defendant, and the said Edward Clarke, claim-
ing under the said last will and testament, entered upon, and became possessed of; the- said lJads. aid tenements, with the appurtenances, in the said declaration specified. And the said George Clarke, the said defendant, and the said Edward Clarke,,being actuallypossessed of the.said land§ and tenements,-vith the appurtenances, in the said declaration' specified, as under the said last will and testament, the saidl Edward Clarke did afterwards, to wit, on the twenty-third day of December, 17 9 1,y a deed of bargain and sale, duly executed, grant, bargain and sell,, for a valuable consideration, t6 the said George Clarke, the'said de-. fendant, and his beits, one equal moiety of the said, lands and tenements, with the appurtenances, in the said declaration specified) and all the estate and interest of the said Edward Clarke, in and to the- said lands iand tenements last aforesaid, with the appurtenances, to have and to hold the same to the said George Clarke, the said defendant, his heirs, and asigns ;by reason, whereof, the said" George Clarke, thle said defendant, entered upon, and became, And was actually possessed of, the said lands and tenements, iwith the appur tenances, in the said declaration specified, claiming tobe seized thereof in fee simple, and so continued until the entry of the.people of the state of New-York, heteafter mentioned. And the jurors aforesaid upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that the said George Clarke ,

1618.
Jackson - v. Clarke.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818.
' Jackson
V . Clarke.

late secretary as aforesaid, was born in the city of
New-York, irnthe late colony, now state of New-York,
and that in the year 1738 he went to that part of Great Britain called England, and thenceforth con-
tinued -to live, and reside thdre on fiis family estate until and at the time when he 'made and published
his said last will and testament, and ever after, and* until and at 'the. lime'of his deatl. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that
on the fourth day of July, in the year 1776,, the late colony, of New-York, together with the other coloihies of'Great Britain in North America, no w called the United States of America, declared themselves free and independent states, and that frqm that day to the first day of September, in the year 1783, the said United States, and the citizens thereof, were at open and public war with the king of Great Britain and his subjects. Ana ihe'jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that the said George Clarke, the said defendant, wasborn in England, on the twenty-eighth day of Apiil, in the year 1768. And that the said Edwaid Clarke was born in' England, on the twenty-eighth day of November, in the year of our Lord 1770. And that the said George Clarke, the said defendant, and the said Edward Clarke, were both British sub-
jects.
And the jurors aforesaid, on their oath aforesaid, further say that the said George Clarke, late seci etary as aforesaid, died without issue, and thdt at the time of his death one George Hyde Clarke was his nephew; and that the s'aid George Hyde Clarke, if he is capable Qf inheriting the real estate of the said George Clarke,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

late secretary as aforesaid, within the state of New-
York, is the heir at law 'of the said George Clarke,I late secretary as aforesaid; and that the said George Hyde Clarke was born in Great Britain,. before the
fourth day of July, inthe year 1776: and hath ever since resided, and still doth reside in Great Britain, and'is still living; and that no other person than the said George Hyde Clarke is, or can be, the heir at law of the said George Clarke, late secretary as aforesaid,; and that the said George Hyde Clarke, is cappble of inheriting the real estate of lhe saia George Clarke, late secretary as aforesaid, within the state of New-Ybrk, unless he is incapable of inheriting such real estate, by reason of his having been born, nd having resided in, Great Britain as aforesaid. And the jurors aforesaid, on their oath aforesaid, further say, that on the eighth day of February, in the year 1791, the said George Clarke, the said defendant, caused to be presented to the legislature of the state of New-York, a petition, in the words following, to wit:

1818. Jackson
v. Plarke.

To the honourable the senate and assembly of the state of New-York, in legislature convened : The petition of George Clarke humbly showeth, that your petitioner was born in England, and i: great grandson of George Clarke, formerly lieutenant goveruor of New. Yoik; that he resided in the city of New-Yor for about a year preceding the month of October last, with intention, at the end of two years, to have Veen naturalized under the statute of the United States; that he was unexpectedly called abroad on important business, buit expects to return in the course of the ensuing sum.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. mer; and as his naturalization must now be unavoida-

Jackson V.
Clarke.'

ly suspended, to the great embarrassment of his affairs, your petitioner humbly prays that his name may be inserted in the bill now before the honourable the
legislature, to grant a similar privilege of hwlding lands within this state, notwithstanding the want of naturalization, and your'petitioner shall pray, &c.
GEORGE CLARKE, By GOLDSB. BAgYnR, and JAs. DUANE,
his Attorneys.

And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath aforesaid, further say, that on the twenty-secind day of March, in the year 1791, an act was passed by the legislature, of the state of New-York, in the woxds following, to wit : "An act to enable Francois Christophe Mantel, and the several other persons therein named, to purchase and hold real estates within this state. Be it enacted by the people of the state of New-York, represented in senate and assemkly, and it is hereby enacted by the authority of the same, that it sha.11 and may be lawful for Francgis Christophe Mantel, Samuel Clows, junior, Sf.tnuel Richardet, William Robert O'Hara, Erick Glad, George. Turnbull, Thomas Mounsey,. and Jan Barnhard, respectively,.to .1ufcbase lands, tenements and hereditaments within this state, and to have and to hold the same to them respectively, and their respective heirs and assigns, forever, as fully to all intents and purposes as any natural born ciizen may or can do, any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding. And b6 it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that it slall and may be lawful for George

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Clarke, who is great grandson of George Clarke,'form- 1818.

erly lieutenant governor of New-York, to purchase any Jackson

lands, tenements or hereditaments within this state, and v.

to have and to hold the same, and all other lands, ten- C1arke.

ements and hereditaments which he may now be enti-

tled to within this state, by purchase or descent, to

him the said George Clarke first above named, his

heirs and assigns, to his and their own proper use and

belhoof forever, and to. sell and dispose of the same,

or any part thereof, 'as ftily, to all intents and ptirpos-

es, as any natural born citizen may or'can do, any

law, usage or custom to the contrary notwithstand-

ing." And the jurors aforesaid, on their oath afore-

said, farther say, :tbat the said George Clarke, the

said defendant, and the said George Clarke, dreat-'

,grandson of George Clarke, former lieutenant, gov-

ernor of New-York, mentioned in the said act, Is

one and the same-person. And the jurors aforesaid,

on their oath aforesaid, further say, that on the first

day of May, in the year 1810, the said George Clarke,

the said defendant, was in actual possession and occu

pation of the said lands and-tenements, in the said .Uc

laration specified, with the appurtenances, 'and that bn the day and year,last aforesaid, the'.said people of the

State of New-York, lessos of the *aid James Jackson

entered into the said tenements, with .the appurtenan-.

ces, and from thence put out and removed the last

aforesaid George, Clarke, and' were seized thereof as

the law requires ; and.being so seized thereof, the said

people, on the day and year last.afoaesaid, demised to

the said James Jackson, the tenements aforesaid, wit h

VOL. III.

3

LO
1818. Jaackson
v. Clarke.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the appurtenances, to have Pnd to hold to the said James Jackson, and his assigns, from the said first day of May then last past, until the full end and term of twenty-one years from thence next.ensuing, and fully to be
complete and ended, in the manner in which the said demise is set forth in the said declaration of the said James Jackson. By virtue of which said demise, the said James Jackson entered into the said lands and tenements, with the appurtenances, and was thereof possessed; and he being so posessed thereof, the said George Clarke, the said defendant, afterwards, to wit, on the tenth day of May, in the year last aforesaid, with force and arms, &c. entered into the said tencments, with the appurtenances, which bad been demised to the said James Jackson as aforesaid, and ejected, expelled and amoved the said James Jackson from his, said possession, as the said James Jackson hath above complained against the last aforesaid1 George
Clarke. And the jurors aforesaid, upon their oath afore-
said, further say, thit at the time of the commencement of this action, the tenements aforesaid, in the said declaration specified, were, and ever since have been, and yet are, of a valud exceeding the sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive of all costs and expenses.
And the jurors aforesaid, on their oath afdresaid,, further say,.that the said James Jackson, at the time of the commencement of this action, vas and yet is a citizen of the state of New-York, in the United States of America. And that at the time of the commencement of this action, the said George Clarke, the said defendant; in the said declaration named, was and

OF THE UNITED STATEt.

yet is a subject of the king of the united kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland. But whether upon the whole matter aforesaid, by the jurors aforesaid, in manner aforesaid found, the said George Clarke,' the
said defendant, is guilty of the trespass and ejectment above mentioned, the said jtirors. are entirely ignorant, and pray the advic of the court thereon. And if it shall.appear to this court, that th last afore-
saia George Clarke, in construction of law, is guilty
of the trespass and ejectment above mentioned, then the said juroxs say upon their oath, that the last aforesaid George Clarke is guilty of the trespass and ejectment in the said declaration of the said James Jackson mentioned, in manner and form, as the said James Jackson 'hath above in his said declaration complained. And they assess the damages which the said James Jackson hath sustained, by reason of the 'said trespass and eje'ctment, besides his costs and charges by him about his suit in this behalf expended, at six cents, and for his said costs and charges at six cents. And if it shall appear to the court, that the last aforesaid George Clarke is not guilty of the said trespass and ejectment, then the said jurors say upon.their oath,that the last aforesaid George Clarke is not guilty thereof, in manner and'form as he hath above in his plea alleged.

1818.
Jackson V,
Clarke.

On ,the foregoing special verdict, judgment vas rendered for tne defendant, George Clarke, by the eircuit court, to reverse which, this writ of error was brough

Mr. Champlin, for the plaintiff in error, made the Feb. 5. following points, and cited the authorities in the'mai-

.2
1818. '
Jackson V.
Clarke.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
gin. 1. That Secretary George Clarke, at the time of -his death, was an alien enemy, and there being at that time no statute of wills in force in the state of NewYork, the people of the state, at his death, became seized of the premises.e 2. That Secretary George Clarke, beipg an alien enemy, had'no power to make a valid will, or alien his estate in any manner whatever.& 3. His will being void, and George Hyde Clarke being an alien eneray, took nothing by descent. 4. That, after the death of Secretary George Clarke, there was no person competent to take the premises by inheritance or devise, whereby the people of the state of New York at his death, became ipsofacto possessed thereof, wi;hout
office found.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, contra, was stopped by the court.
Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the court, that every question arising in the cause had been settled by former'decisions.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.e

a Dawson v. Godfrey, 4 Cranch, 321. Gardner v. Wade, 2 .Mass. Rep. 244.
b 5 Bac. .fbr. Tit. Will. Com. 372.
cIn the, case of IV'llvainev. Coxe's lessee, 3 Cranch, 209, the court determined that a personborn in the colony of NewJersey, before the declaration of independence, and residing

Campbell v. Hall, Cowp. 208. Vallel, L. 3, ch. 5. s. 7.
B. 499. 7 Co. Rep. 33. 1 B1.
there until.1777, but who then joined the British army, and ever since adhered to the British government, has a right t6 takelands by descent in the state of New-Jersey. But in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Dawson's lessee v. Gomicy, 4[ those lands of which he was

Granbh,321, it was held that a seised befere -the revolution,

person born in England befor(e but not of those of which he

the declaration of indepen.- was subsequently seised. Kelly

dence, and who always reside(I v. Harrison, 2 Johns. Cas. 29.

there, and never was in thE The same court has also d.-

United Stt-es, could not tak(e ternined, that where a Britis,

lands in Maryland by descent. subject died seized of lands in

And in the case of Smith v.* the state in 1752, leaving

the State of Maryland, -* daughters in England who mar-

Cranch,286, it was determined ried British subjects, and nei

that by the acts of Maryland, ther they nor their wives were

1780,ch, 45 and 49, the equita- citizens of the Unitted States;

ble interests of British subjects even if the marriages were sub-

in lands were conhscated, and sequent to the revolution, such

vested in the state, without of- marriages would notimpair the

fice found, prior to the treaty of rights of the wives, nor prevent

peace of 1783, so that the Brit- the full enjoyment ofthe prop-

ish cesluique iruslwas not pro- eity according, to the laws of

tected by the stipulation in that the marriage state, especially treaty, against future confisda- after the 5th provision in the

tions, nor by the stipulation in 9tharticle ofthe treaty of1794

the 9th article of the treaty of The court seemed also to think

1794, securing to British sub- that where the title to land in

jects, who then held lands in the state was acquired by a

this country, the right to con- British subjectprior to the rev-

tinue to hold them.

olution, the right of such Bri-

In the supreme' court of N. tish subject to transmit the

York it has been held, that same by descent, to an heir in

where a married wyman was a esse at the time of the revolu-

subject of Great Britain before tion, continued unaltered and

the revolution, and alvays con- unimpaired; the case ofa revo-

linued such, but her husband lution or division qf an empire

resided in this country both be- being an exception to the gen-'

fore and after that period shc eral rule of law, that an alien

was entitled to dower out of cannot take by descent. Jack-

1818.
Jackson
V.
Clarke.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1818. sonv. Lumn. 3 Johns. Cas. 109.

·

See also Jackson v. Wright, 4

The Friend- o schaft. 'onns.

R. 75. The treaty of

1704, relates only to lands ther.

held by British subjects, and not

.o any after acquired lands. Jackson v. Decker, 11 Johns.

R. 418,422. In the case of Fairfax's de-

visea v. Hunter's lessee, 7

i'ranch, 603, and ante, vol. I.

'p. 304. it was adjudged, Ist.

That dn alien enemy may take

by purchase though not by descent; and that; -%,hether the

purchase be by grant or by de-

vise. 2d. That the title thus ac-

quired by an alien enemy is no devested until office fotind. 3d. That whether the treaty of peace of 1783, declaring that no future confiscations should be made, protects from
forfeiture, under the municipal laws respecting alienage, lands held by British subjects at the time of its ratification, or not, yet that the 9th article of the treaty of It94 completely protected the title of a British devisce, whose e&tate had pot been preyiously devested by an inquest ofoffice, or some eqiy-
alet proceeding

(PRIZE.)
The FRIENDSCHAFT-Wfinn, et al. Claimants.
Informal and imperfect proceedings in the district court corrected and explained in the circuit court.
A bill oflading, consigning the goods to a neutral, but unaccompanied by an invoice or letter of advice, is not sufficient evidence to entitle the claimant to restitution; but is sufficient to lay a foundation for the iitroduction of farther proof.
The fact of invoices aud letters of advice not being found on board, may induce a suspicion that papers have been spoliated. But even if it were proved that an enemy master, carrying a cargo chiefly hostile, had thrown papers over board, a neutral claimant, to whom no fraud is impatable, ought not thereby to be prccluded from farther proof.

