. 444.

CASES: IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
.M'lveer
V.

sion, or has worked upon it without taking posses-
sion, he is no"t. deemed a privileged creditor_, having any claim upon the ship itself.
Without, therefore, entering into a discussion of

the particular circumstances of this case, we are of. opinion, that here there was not, by the principies of law, any lien upon the ship; and, consequently, the *decree of the Circuit Court must be reversed.

Decree reversed.'

a Vide Ante, vol. 1. p. 96. 103, The Aurora, in which case a lien of material men on foreign ships, was recognized by this Court. The common, law is the municipal law of most of the States, be to supplies furnished to domestic ships But the legislature of New-York has, by statute, given a lien to' shipwrights, material men, and suppliers of ships, for the' amount of their debts, whether the ships are owned ,within the State or not. A~ts.of 22d sess. c. I., and 40th sess' c. 59 .
%'This lien, existing by the local law, may consequently be en.
forced, ipon the principle of the above cage in the text,, by a suit in rem in the Admiralty.

(LOCAL LAW.)
M'IvER's Lessee v. WALKIERet al.
Ifthere is nothing in a patent to control the call for course and distance, the land must be bounded by the'courses and distances of the patent, according to the magnetic meridian. .But its a general'. principle, that the course and distance must yield to natural objects calledfor in the patent.
An lands are supposed to be actually. surveyed,: and the. intention of the grant is to convey the land acoording to the actual. surrey;

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.445

consequently, distances must be. lengthened or shortened, and courses varied, so as to conform to the natural objects calledfor.. If'a patent refer to a plat annexed, and it in that plat, a water course be laid down as running through the land, the tract must be so surveyed as to include the water course, and to conform as nearly as may be to the plat, although the lines, thus run, do not correspond with the coursds and distances mentioned in the patent; and
although neither the certificate of survey nor the patent calls for
that water course.

1819.
. MIver v.
Walker.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of East Tennesee. This was an ejectment brought in that Court by the plaintiff in error against the defendants. Upon the first trial of the cause, a judgment was rendered in the Circuit Court in favour of the defendants, and upon that judgment a writ of error was taken out, and the judgment reversed by this Court, at February-Term, 1815; and the cause was sent back to be tried according to certain directions prescribed by this Court.
As the opinion given by this Court upon the reversal of the first judgment contains a statement of the facts given in evidence upon the first trial, it is deemed proper to insert the opinion in this place. It is as follows: On the trial of this cause, the plaintiff produced two patents for 5,900 acres each, from the State of. North Carolina, granting to Stokely Donelon, (from whom the plaintiff derived his title,) two several tracts of lane lying on Crow creek, the one No. ,12. beginning at a box elder standing on a ridge corner t6-No. 11. &c. as,by the plat hereunto annexed will appear. The plat and certificate of survey were, annexed to 'the grant. The plaintiff proved ·ihat there were eleven other grants of the same date

Feb.Wk..

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
' M'Iver V,.
Walker.

for 5,000 acres each, issued from the State of, North Carolina, designated as a chain of surveys joining each other from No. 1. to No. 11. inclusive'. each calling for land on Crow creek as a general call, and

the courses and distances of which, as described in the grants, are the same with the grants produced tq the jury. It was also proved'that the beginning of the first grant was marked and intended as the beginning corner of No. 1. but no other tree was marked, nor was any survey ever made, but the plat was made out at Raleigh, and does not express on its face that the lines were run by the true meridian. It was also proved that the beginning corner of No. 1. stood on the north west side of Crow creek, and the line running thence down the creek, called for in the plat and patent, is south forty degrees west. It fijrther appeared that Crow creek runs through a valley of good land, which is on an average about three miles wide, between mountains unfit for cultivation, and which extends from the beginning of survey No. 1. in the said chain of surveys, until: it reaches- below survey No. 13. in nearly a straight -line, the course of which is nearly south thirty-five degrees west by the needle, and south forty Odegrees west by the true meridian, that in-the-face of the plats annexed- to the grants, the creek is-represented as running througr and across each grant. The lines in the certificate of survey do not expressly ca-ll for crossing the creek , but each certificate and grant calls generally for land lying on Crow creek. If the lines of.the tracts herein before mentioned, No. 12. and 1. in the said chain of surveys, be run. according to the course, of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the needle and the distances called for, they wi'.ill not include Crow creek, or any part of it, and will not include the land in possession of the defendants. If they be run according to the true meridian, or so as to include Crow creek, they will include the lands in possession of the defendants. Whereupon, the counsel for the plaintiffs moved the Court to instruct the jury, 1st. That the lines of the said lands ought to be run according to the true meridian, and not according to the needle. .d. That-the lines-ought to be run so as to include Crow creek and the lands in possession of the defendants.
The Court overruled both these motions, and instructed the jury that the said grant must be run according to the course of the needle and the distances called-for in the said grants, and thatthe same could not legally be run so as to include Crow creek, and that the said grants did not include the lands in possession of the defendants. To this opinion an exception was taken by the plaintiffs counsel. A verdict and judgment were rendered for the defendants, and that judgment)is now before this Court on a writ of error.
It is undoubtedly the practice of surveyors, and the practice was proved in this cause, to express in their plats and certificates of survey, the courses which are designated by the needle; and if nothing exists to control the call for course and distance, the land must be bounded by the courses and distances of the patent, according. to the magnetic meridian. But it is a general principle, that the course and distance must yield to'natural objects called for in the patent. All lands are supposed to be actually sur-

447
1819. M'Iver Mv.
Walker

."B -
i819.
'-v"
V.,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
veyed, and the intention of the grant is to convey the
land according to that actual survey; consequently, if marked trees and marked corners be found, con-
formably to the calls of the patent, or if water courses be called for in the patent, or mountains, or any other natural objects, distances must be lengthened or short.ened, and courses varied so as to conform to those objects. The reason of the rule is, that it is the intention of the grant to convey the land actually surveyed, and mistakes in' courses or. distances are more prol able, and more frequent, dian in marked trees, mountains, rivers, or othernatural objects capable of being clearly designated, and accurately described. Had the survey in this 6ase been actually made, and the lines had called to cross Crow creek, the courses and distances might have been precisely what they :.are, it might have been impracticable to-find corner, or other marked trees, and ,yet the land must have been so surveyed as to include Crow creek. The call in the lines of the patent to cross Crow creek, would be one to which course and distance must necessarily yield. This material call is omitted, and from its omission arises the great difficulty of the cause. That the lands should not be described as lying 'on both sides of Crow creek, nor tho lines, call for crossing that creek, are such extraordinary omissions as to create considerable doubt with the 'Court in deciding whether there is any other description given in the patent, of sufficient strength'to control the call for course and distance. The majority of the,'Court
is of opinion, that there is such a'description.: The

'OF THE UNITED STATES.

4M9

patent closes its description of the land granted by a reference to the plat which is annexed. The laws of the State require this annexation. In this plat thus annexed to the patent, and thus referred to as descri-

1819. M'Iver
V.
·Walker.

bing the land granted, Crow creek is laid down as passing through ,the tract. Every person having knowledge of the grant, would also have knowledge

of the plat, and would by .that'plat be instructed, that the lands lay on both sides the creek. There would ,be nothing to lead to a different conclusionbut a difference of about five degrees in the course, should he run out the whole chain of surveys in order to find the beginning of No. 12.; and he would know that such an error in the course would be corrected by such a great natural object as a creek laid down by the surveyor in the middle of his plat. This would prove notwithstanding the error in the course, that,

the lands on both sides of Crow creek were intended to be included in the survey, and intended to be granted by the patent.
It is the opinion of the majority of this Court, that there is error in the opinion of the Circuit Court for the district of East Tennesee, in this, that the said Court instructed the jury that the grant under which the plaintiff claimed, could not be legally run so'as to

include Crow creek; instead of directing. the jury that the said grant must be so run as to include Crow creek, and to conform as near as may be to the plat annexed to the said grant ; wherefore, it it is considered by this Court that the said judgment be reCersed and annulled, and the cause be remanded

VOL. IV.

57

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
M'Ver
Walker.

to the said Circuit Court, that a new trial may be had according to law.a
Upon this cause being remanded to the Circuit Court for a new trial, the plaintiff gave in substance

the same eviden,;e which he gave upon the first trial, and proved, or offered to prove, these additional facts -That it was the express and declared intention of
the surveyor to locate the land upon Crow creekThat his field notes called for crossing Crow creek, and that he supposed the courses inserted in the grants would place the lands upon Crow creek. Upon the former trial it was proved, and admitted by the parties, that the beginning of lot No. 1. was marked as a corner, but that nosurvey had ever been made of that lot or of the lots of land in dispute. Upon the
last trial the witness- gave the same testimony, and further, stated that a corner was marked for the beginning of lot No. 1. That the compass was set at this corner, and a chain Or two might have been stretched upon the first course of the grant ; but of this he was not certain. During the lhst trial various
objections were made by the defendants to the testimony offered by the plaintiff; especially to that which tended to prove that it was the intention of
the surveyor to locate the land upon Crow creek, and that his field notes called for crossing Crow creek. These objections were sustained by'the Court, and
the testimony declared inadmissable. Upon the evidence given in the cause, various in-
structions were prayed by the plaintiff, all of Which the Court refused to give; but charged the jury that

a S. C. 9 Cranch, 173.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

if, from the testimony then adduced, they should find that M'Coy, the deputy surveyor, when he went upon the ground to survey the land, did mark the beginning corner of lot No. . upon two poplars, and set his compass a given course, and that the chain carriers stretched one or two chains upon that course, and that M'Coy made his field notes in conformity thereto, and that those field notes were transmitted to James W. Lach'ey, the surveyor, who made out the plats annexed to the grants, and that he made out the said plats in conformity with the said field notes, and that he marked down Crow creek by guess upon the plats, that this was so much of a legal and actual survey, as to show that the surveyor committed. no mistake in what he did upon the ground, notwithstanding it might not be according-to what he wished or intended in his own mind ; and, in that case, the lessor of the plaintiff would be barred by the courses and distances called for in the grant.
Under this instruction of the Court, a verdict was found for the defendants, and judgment rendered accordingly, upon which the cause was again brought to this Court by writ of error.

1819.
M'Iver
Wavlk.er.

This cause was argued. 't the last term, by Mr. Swann and Mr. Campbell, for the plaintiff in error,
and by Mr. Williams, for the defendants in error, and was re-argued at the present term, by Mr. Swann -March 1st.
.for the plaintiffs in-errot, and by Mr. Jones and Mr. Williams, for the defendants in error.

Mr. Chief Justice MARS-lALL delivered the opi- Alarck11, nion of the Court.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
"M'Iver
v.
Walker.

The Court has re-examined the opinion which it Sgave, when this cause was formerly' before it, and
has not perceived any reason for changing that opinion. Nor do the new facts introduced into the cause, in any material degree, vary it. If there had been a settled course of decisions in Tennessee upon their local laws, different from the judgment pronounced by this Court, we should not hesitate to follow those decisions. But, upon an examination of the cases cited at the bar, we do not perceive that such is the fact. The judgment of the' Circuit Court is, therefore, reversed, and the cause remanded for farther proceedings.

JUDGMENT.-This cause came on to be heard on
the transcript of the record, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that the Circuit Court erred in the instructions given to the jury :it is, therefore. Adjudged and Ordered, that the judgment of the Circuit Court for the District of East Tennessee, in this cause, be, and the same is, hereby reversed and annulled. And it is further ordered, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court for farther proceedings to be had therein, according to law.

'OF THE UNITED STATES.
did not, and could not, change the character of the previous transactions. The doctrines respecting the jus postliminii are wholly inapplicable to the case. The goods were liable to American duties, when imported, or not at all. That they are so liable at the time of importation is clear, from what has been already stated ; and when, upon the return of peace, the jurisdiction of the United States was re-assumed, they were in the same predicament as they would have been if Castine had been a foreign territory ceded by treaty to the United States, and the goods had been previously imported there. In the latter case, there would be no pretence to say that American duties could be demanded; and, upon principles of public or municipal law, the cases are not distinguishable. The authorities cited at the bar would, if there were any dyutbt, be decisive of the question. But we think"# too clear to require. any aid from authority.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

i8ig.
B
V.
Gilman.

(CHANCERY.)
BROWN et al. v. GILMAN.
The scrip or certificate holders, in the association called the NewEngland Mississippi Land Company, hold their shares under the Company itself, as a -part of the common Capital stock, and are not considered as holding derivatively, and solely as individual sub-purchasers, under the separate original titles of the original purchasers from the Georgia Mississippi Company, so as to be affected by any circumstances of defect in these separate original titles; these titles being, in'fact, now vested in the trustees of the New-England Miw'

26

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. jy%J Brown
Gilman.

sissippi Company itself, as part of its common, stgck, and not in the individual holders. The eqtitable lien of the -vendor of land, for unpaid purchase money, is waived, by any act of the parties showing that the lien is not intended to be retained, as by taking separate securities for the pu.
chase money. An express contract, that the lien shall be retained to a specified ex-
tent, is equivalent to a waiver of the lien to any greater extent. Where the deed itself-remains an escrow until the first payment is
made, and is then delivered as the deed of the party, and the vendor consents to rely upon the negotiable notes of the purchaser endorsed by third persons, for the residue of the purchase momey, this is such a separate security as extinguishes the lien.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of -Massachusetts.
This cause was by consent heard upon the bill, answer, and exhibits in the case. The material facts
were these: In the month of January 1796, sundry persons, and among them William Wetmore, purchased, of the bgents of certain persons ,in Georgia, called the Georgia Mississippi Company, then in Boston, a tract' of land, then in the State of Georgia, and now in the Mississippi Territory, estimated to contain 11,380,000 acres, at ten cents per acre; which tract the Georgia Mississippi Company had purchased of the State of Georgia, and had received a grant thereof in due form of law. The conditions
of the purchase were, that the purchase' money should be paid as follows, viz: two cents thereof on or before the first day of May, 1796; one cent more on or before the first day of October, 1796; two and a half cents more on or before the first day of May, i797; two and a half cents more, Ion or before the
first 'day of May,, 1798;- and the remaining' two

OF THE UNITED STATES.

257

cents on or befQre the first day of May, 1799. The whole of the purchase mponey was to be secured by negotiable notes of the several purchasers with approved endorsers, to be made payable to Thomas Cumming, President of the Georgia Mississippi Company, or order, payable at the bank of the Unites States at Philadelphia, or at the Branch Bank at Boston, and to be delivered to the agents upon the execution of the deed -of conveyance by them. It was further agreed, that the deed, when executed, should be placed in the hands of George R. Minot, Esq. as an escrow, to be delivered over by him to the grantees upon the first payment of two cents, payable in May, 1796, for which first payment, and for that only, the purchasers agreed to hold themselves jointly resp6nsible. , Accordingly, a deed of conveyance was executed by the agenits dated the 13th day of February, 1796, to certain grantees named by the purchasers, to wit: 'William Wetmore, Leonard Jarvis, and Henry Newmanin tru.t for the purchasers; and thesame was duly placed in the hands of Mr. Minot, as an escrow, and negotiable notes, with approved endorsers, were duly delivered to the agents by all the purchasers for their respective shares of the ptfrchase money. And afterwards the first payment of two cents having been satisfactorily made to the agents, the said deed was, with their consent, delivered over to the grantees as an absolute deed; and a deed of confirmation thereof was aftewards, in February, 1797, duly executed and delivered to the grantees by the Georgia Mississippi Company. After the purchase, and before the delivery of the deed,

1819.
Brown
V.
Gilma.

VoL. IV.

33

258
1819.
BBrown
V.
Gilman.

CASES IN TH9 SUPREME COURT
the purchasers formed themselves into an association by the name of the New England Mississippi Land Company, and executed sundry articles of agreement, and, among other things, therein agreed,, that
the deed of the purchase should he made to Jarvis, Newman, and Wetmore, as grantees as above stated, (art. 2d. ;) that they should execute deeds to the several original purchasers for their proportions in the lands, but should retain these deeds, until the purchasers should sign and execute the articles of association; and should also execute a deed of trust, to certain trustees, as provided for in the articles, of such their respective shares in the purchase, (art. 3d.;) that the several purchasers should execute a deed of trust to Jarvis, Newman, and William Hull, of their respective shares in the purchase, to hold to them and the survivor of them in trust, to be disposed of according to the articles, (art. .4th. ;) that the business of the association should be managed by a board of directors, who were to have full power and authority to sell and dispose of the whole, or any part of the property of the company, and to pay over to their respective proprietors their proportions of the money received from any and every sale, &c. (art. 8. 16. 20. ;) that upon receiving a deed from any purchaser, according, to the tenor of the articles, the trustees were to give to each proprietor a certificate, in a prescribed form, stating his, interest in the trust, and that he should hold it according to the articles of the association; which certificate was recorded in the company's books, and was to be "complete evidence to, such person of his right in said purchase," and was

OF THE UNITED STATES.

259

to be transferrable by endorsement; and upon a record of the transfer in the company's books, the transferee was to be entitled to vote as a member of the company. The share of Mr. Wctmore in the purchase was 900,000 acres. He paid the two cents per acre in cash; arid of the notes given by him for tile purchase money, $ 40,000 were paid by Mrs. Sarah Waldo, his endorser, and the residue $ 45,000 still rem ains unpaid. Mr. Wetmore received his certificates from the trustees for his whole purchase;. and having sold or conveyed 500,000 acres, he afterwards conveyed the remaining 400,000 acres to Robert Williams, to whom certificates for that amount were duly issfied by the trustees, three of which cerificates, each for 20,000 acres, duly endorsed by said Williams, came into tile plaintiff's, Mrs. Gilnan's, hands fop a valuable consideration; and the assignment
thereof having been duly recorded in the company's books, she was admitted, and has always acted, as a
member of the company. From causes well known to the public, the New England Mississippi Land Company never obtained possession of the tract of land so conveyed to them." On the 31st of March, 1814, Congress passed an act, entitled," an act providing for the indemnification of certain claimants of'public lands in the Mississippi Territory."' By this act, and ,other subsequent acts amending the same, it was proiided, that the claimants of the lands might file in

1819.
v.
Glman.

a See the history of this case in Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 89. and in the public documents of Congress, 1809.
b Act of 23d of January, 1815, ch. 706 . Act !f 3d of March, 1815, ch. 778.

260

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. Brown
V.
Gilman.

the office of the secretary of state, a release of all Stheir claims to the United States, and an assignment and transfer to the United States of their claim to any money deposited or paid into the treasury of Georgia, such release and assignment to take effect on the indemnification of the claimants according to the pro-
visions of the act. Commissioners were to be, and were accordingly, appointed under the act, who were authorized to adjudge and determine upon the sufficiency of such releases and assignments, and also to "adjudge and determine upon all controversies arising from such claims so released as aforesaid, which may be found to conflict with, and to be adverse to, each other." And the sum of $1,550,000, to be issued in public stock, was appropriated by the act, to indemnify the claimants, claiming in the name -of, or under, the Georgia Mississippi Company. The New England Mississippi Land Company duly executed the release and assignment, required by the act of Congress; and presented the claims of the whole company before the commissioners. The commissioners awarded the company the sum of $1,083,812 in stock, certificates for which were duly issued under the act of Congreess, and received by the treasurer of the company. A farther claim was made for the
whole amount of the original share of Mr. Wetmore, but the board of commissioners decided, that the Georgia Mississippi Company had a lien in equity on the land sold and conveyed to said Wetmore, for, the purchase money due and unpaid by said Wetmore, and that the indemnity under the act of Congress should follow that lien, and be awarded to said

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Georgia Mississippi Company to the amount thereof. And in as much as the said Sarah Waldo was the holder of certain certificates issued by said trustees, on account of said Wetmore's original purchase, the commissioners farther awarded, that the sum of 840,000 of the purchase money (which had been paid or satisfied by her for said Wetmore, on her endorsement) should be applied first to make good the scrip or certificates so issued to her; and that if there was any surplus, after making her scrip or certificates
good, such surplus could not be applied to the scrip or certificates held under Robert Williams, who, did not become the assignee of the said Wetmore until after the said sum was paid. And the commissioners farther decided, that the certificates, issued. by the trustees on account of any of the original purchasers, who failed to make payment of the purchase money to the Georgia Mississippi Company, were bad, and that the parties claiming under them must lose their indemnity under the act of Congress. By this award of the commissioners, the claim of the New England Mississippi Land Company, for the amount of the share of the plaintiff; was com-
pletely excluded. But the plaintiff claimed her share of the stock actually received, as a proprietor in the New England Mississippi Land Company, notwithstanding the award of the commissioners, and to establish this claim, the present suit was brought ; and in her bill she averred, that she was a bona fide purchaser for a valuable consideration, without notice of the non-payment of the purchase money

1819.
Brown.
V.. Gilmav.

262

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. by Mr. Wetmore, which averment was not denied by

Sthe answer.

Brown

V.

The Court below decreed that the complainant

was entitled to the relief she claimed, and the cause

was brought by appeal to this Court.

Feb. 13th.

Mr. Jones, for the appellants, argued, that the decision of the Commissioners was correct in principle. The property acquiied by the New England
Company under their. purchase from tie GeorgiaCompany, was not a legal, but a mere equitable interest, unassignable at law. Even if the Georgia Company had a legalestate, their deed to the New England Company, does not pass such estate according to the local law of Georgia; it never having been acknowledged, and proved, and reorded. It, .amounted only to a covenant to stand seized to uses, an agreement to sell, which a court of equity would enforce. The rescinding act of Georgia has a double effect: one to annul the contract; the other to
render all deeds conveying the property incapable of being recorded. It is only as to the first effect that the Court has pronounced, or could pronounce, the act to be unconstitutional and void. The States have an unquestionable right to regulate the mode of conveying real property, and the rule of evidence as to land titles. Even supposing the trustees to have acquired a legal estate, the cestui que trusts have acquired an equitable interest only. The. claim of the vendor for unpaid purchase money is the prior equity, which must be preferred. If the
subsequent purchaser acquires a mere equitable in-

OF THE"UNITED STATES.

263;

terest, he is entitled to no notice of the vendor's lien. The assignee of a chose in action, which is not assignable at law, has a mere equitable interest, and takes subject to the same equity as the assignor But even if notice be necessary, the lien of the vendor is sustainable, because there was notice either* actual or constructive; and notice to the trustees of the New England Company, was notice to the individuals whom they represented.' But all discussion on this point is cut short by the well-established prinaciple, that the purchaser who sets up the want of notice must positively deny the notice in her plea,
and swear to it.c Here the pleadings, so far from denying notice, impliedly admit, it; and the rule of presumption against the party omitting to deny notice, is to be applied a fortiori in a case like the present, where the person insisting on the want of notice is the party plaintiff. Nor has there been in this case any waiver of the, equitable lien for the purchase mone,. All the facts of the case repel the presumption of a waiver of the lien. The notes, with approved endorsers, taken from the individual pur-, chasers, cannot furnish such a presumption. The case of Fawell v. Heelis,d which will be relied on.to support this positioni has been repeatedly overruled.

1819.
Bww
V.
Gilman.,

a Finch, 9. 34. Davis v. Austin, 1 Ves. jun. 247. Coles Y. Jones, 2 Vern. 692. lb. 765. 1 Ves. sen. 123. 1 Bro. Ch. Cas. 302. Mackreth v.:Simmons, 115 Fes. 329.
b Sugd. Vend. 492.'498. Mertins v. Joliffe, .1mb,311. c Sugd. Vend. 510-513.· d Amb. 734. 2 Bro. Ch. Ca,. 422.- note.* e Sugd." Vend. 252. et infra.

264
1819.
Browna V.
Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The taking of personal security is not considered as a waiver of the lien.a It is not necessary to prove affirmatively the intent to retain a lien. It is a natural equity; and he who would repel it must show
that the vendor agreed to rely on the personal security, and to abandon the lien.b As to the lex loci of Massachusetts, which does not recognize the equitable lien on land for unpaid purchase money, it has nothing to do with the question ; for the record does not show that the deed was executed in that State ; and even if it did, the lex loci rmei sitee of Georgia must govern the case, according to a well-known rule. But even supposing the award of the commissioners to be erroneous, it is still conclusive upon the parties. The commissioners had jurisdiction of the subject matter under the act of Congress by which the Board was established to determine upon all controversies arising from adverse claims to these lands. There is no analogy between this claim, and the lien of a judgment. It is a real interest in the land ; an equitable mortgage; a charge upon it which descends, and is assigned with it.c The decision of the commissioners, then, has the force of res judicata.

a Hughes v. Kearney, 1. Scho. 4. Lefr. 132. Mackreth v.
Simmons, 15 Vs. 329. Grant v. Mills, 2 Ves. 4"Beames, 306.

Elliot v. Edwards, 3 Bos. & Pul. 181.

b Frost v. Beatmen, I Johns. Ch. 288. Garson v. Green,

1b. 308. Mackreth V. Simmons, and the cases there cited, 16

Ves. 329.

c Cator v.

, I Bro. Ch. Cas. 302. B.424. Pollex-

fen v. Mpore, 3 Atk. 272.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.265

Mr. Amory, contra, insisted, that Mrs. Gilman was not the assignee of Mt,r. Wetmore,I and did not hold his title. She could not be an assignee without a privity, either in fact or in law, which did not ex-

1819.
B-rown v.

ist in this case. The intention of the associates,

from tile beginning, was to render the certificates of

the trustees the only evidence of the title ; for which

-purpose the legal title was vested in the trustees,

and a new title, in all the property, was derived from

them. The certificate possessed by Mrs. Gilman

does not contain *he name of Wetmore, nor was the

certificate originally issued in-his name; it could not.

have expressed a trust upon the portionj or title,

acquired by him, and conveyed to the trustees ; but

such a certificate must have expressed a general in-

terest, or title, pervading the whole land. Inasmuch

as the trustees derived their title, not from Wetmore

only, but from different sources, it must be presumed:

and intended, that their 'certificates were to operate

generally on all the right and title which they pos-

sessed, without reference to the mode of acquire-

ment. If M'rs. Gilman, or any holder of certificates, was obliged to search into the title, this estate would

be attended with all the consequences and incidents of other titles. But that diffieulty was expressly in-

tended to be avoided by the 12th art. of association, wiiich declares , that such certificate shall be

complete evidence; thereby announcing to any pur-

chaser, that the. common.rules of real property were

dispensed with. Shall the trustees and associates

now be permitted, contrary to their- express stipulation, to depart from this rule of property, which they

VoL. IV.

34

266.
1819.
v Brgown
v. Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT'
themselves created, and thus entrap a bofia fide purchaser without notice ? This association was not
incorporated ; but the parties intended, as far as they could by law, to give it those facilities, and, in some
degree, to convert this real estate into personal estate. The title at law was to vest in the trustees, until bona fide sales of the land were actually made. It is the proceeds of such sales only, -or money .acquired therefrom, that is assured to the holders of the certificates. The trustees and original purchasers undertook to examine each other's title, and pre.cluded all further inquiries in relation to it. Wetmore gave a quit claim deed only; the quality of his title the associates or trustees -could judge of,. of which they had as much knowledge as he had ; and such deed of quit claim, whether it conveyed a good or a bad :title, constituted a good consideration for the compact with the associates and trustees. If the doctrine of lien for the purchase money, without mortgage, obtains in Georgia ; the contract being made in Massachusetts, where the intention of both parties must be considered as constituting the contract, the laws of Massachusetts ought to construe such a contract in preference to those of Georgia. We contend, that this doctrine of lien is only a creature' of equity, and refers only to such estates or rights of real property as are especially recognised by that tribunal, and which do not derive their support from the'ordinary rules of law. The title, in order to be what is commonly denominated equitable,' must be such a one as is not recognised by law; such as the assignmelt of a chose in. ation,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

267

which cannot be assigned by law ; or the title must 1g19. be equitable from the inefficient mode adopted for Brown its transfer, such as the conveyance of real estate by . I. an instrument without seal, or by an executory con- Gilman tract. The conveyance of land, in this case, did not pass an equitable title merely; the cases of
Fletcher v. Peck, -and Greei v. Liter,b show, that, notwith§tanding the indian title be not extinguished, the freehold and seisin may be transferred.; and, in this ease, the most solemn deeds and instruments, duly acknowledged, were adopted for the conveyance of the title ; and it is sustained by every legal form. Even in Courts of Equity, this lien is only raised by implication; and where other circumstances re-
sist this implication, showing that the parties did not mean to rely on the estate sold for security, the lien is waived. This transaction is filled with circumstances repugnant to such implication. The design of the parties to sell the land, instead of cul-' tivating the same, whereby to pay the notes, expressly excludes the idea of such a lien, as no man would have'purchased who knew that such a note Was given for the first purchase, without seeing that his money was appropriated to extinguish the notes; and the strongest circumstance, to repel such a lien for the consideration,'consists in this, that the sum of five dollars only is expressed as the pecuniary consideration.. Any purchaser, therefore, making inquiry concerning the purchase money's being paid or not, is*at once checked in the pursuit; and no

at 6 Cranch,.89.

b 8 Cranch, 229.

1819.
B~rown
v.
Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
case of lien, for the purchase money, can be shown, where the sum is not expressed in the deed of sale. It is also a doctrine in equity, that the vendee has a lien on the land, in case the title be defective, and proper conveyance not made to him ; thus making the right reciprocal. But in this deed express provision is made, that the consideration money shall not be refunded by the vendor for any cause whatsoever; thus essentially distinguishing the present case from those in which such lien is maintained. It is said, that the commissioners, having a right to decide upon adverse titles, here conclusively decided on our claims; but the'adverse titles or claims, on i)hich they were to decide, were adverse claims to the stock from the treasury of the United States, and between such persons as released their claims to the United States. Mrs. Gilman did not release any claim to the United States, or demand any money from the treasury; of course, her rights or claims could not be adjudged by the commissioners. Her claim is not on the government, but on her associates and trustees. The commissioners were bound to decide, to whom the money or stock from the treasury should be paid; not the use the receiver should afterwards make of that money, or the obligations he might be under in relation to it. Decrees affect only those who are parties to the suit ; and an opinion incidentally given by the commiss'oners ought .not to control the plaintiff's right.

The Attorney General,on the same side, contended, that ao such lien, as that insisted upon, existed,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

269

even as to Mr. Wetmore's title ; much less was Mrs. Gilman's affected by it. The question whether the legal title passed from the Georgia Company to the New-England Company, cannot be raised in the appellate Court ; because, so far from being raised in the Court below, the pleadings admit the fact that the legal title did pass, and the cause was argued upon that ground in the Court below. But supposing it were otherwise; as a bona fide purchaser, without notice, Mrs. Gilman cannot be affected with the equitable lien for purchase money unpaid by the original vendee, because a distinct per-
sonal security was taken, and all the other circumstances of the case combine to show that the original vendors did not mean to rely on the lien. It is worthy of observation, that this doctrine of lien for unpaid purchase. money, which has grown to its present extravagant height, seems to have originated in: the inaccuracies and mistakes of some of the earlier Chancery reporters. -The first case is that of Chapman v. Tannera which is erroneously reported. According to the reporter, it Was the case of a bankrupt who purchased land, and the purchase money not being paid, the assignees would have, had the vendor come in as a creditor under the commissiofi for the remainder of his purchase money. "9er Cur. In this case theie is a natural equity that the land should stand charged with so much of the purchase money as 'was not paid; and that without any special agreement for that purpose." But Lord

1819.
Brown
V.
Gilman.

a I Vernon, 267.

9270

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. Apsley says, "-Chapman v. Tanner, (I Vernon, 267;)
r according to the report, is in point; but, it ap. *pears, by the register's book, that the vendor retained
Gilman. the title deeds till he was paid. The Court said,

that a natural equity arose, from his having the title deeds in his custody.a" In the case of Pollex-
fen v. Moore,b (which is also said, in the last mentioned case, by Lord Apsley, to be badly reported,) the title deeds were also kept back by agreement; and it was impossible for a Court of Equity to doubt, in either of these cases, that the lien was retained. But it is from them that the doctrine, as now understood, has originated ; and, even according to the modern cases, it is nothing more than a lien raised by equity on the presumed intention of the parties.c This presumption, however, may be repelled by evidence of a contrary intention. Among other circumstances to repel this presumption, is the delivering an absolute deed to the purchaser. Although this circumstance may not be considered strong enough to repel the presumption as between vendor and vendee, it is so as to a bonafide purchaser under .the latter, -without notice; otheiwise suich a deed would be a fraud on the public. In such a case, this circumstance, connected: with that of taking a distinct security, must certainly be deemed sufficient to repel the presumed intention to rely on the lien. The rule is accurately laid down by President PEN-

a Fawell v. Heelis, Ambl. 724. b 3 Attk. 372. " c Sugd. Vend. 358.

OF T JE UNITED STATES.

271

-DLETON. "The doctrine that the vendor of land not taking a.security, nor making a conveyanc·e, retains a lien upon the property, is so well settled as to be received as a maxim. Even if he hath made a conveyance, yet he may pursue the land in the possession of the vendee, or of a purchaser with notice. But if he hath taken a security, or the vendee hath sold to a third person, without notice, the lien is lost.' 'a It has been much contested in England, whether passing the legal title to the vendee, and taking his bond or note alone, will not defeat the lien. But there has been no case, where, after passirig an absolute deed, and taking the security of a third person, the lien has been held still to exist. In Hughes v. Kearney,b the note was that of the vendee merely ; and Lord Redesdale is understood to admit, that taking a distinct security would discharge the lien. Grant v. Mills,c is also .relied on to show that the taking of the security of a third person would not discharge the lien; but the bills of exchange, in that case,. were not considered as the security of a third person, but as a mode of payment merely: Sir W. Grant, distinctly admitting that the security of a third person would repel the lien. In Elliot v. Edwards,' which was a case at law,, the point was not decided; and it depended upon its own peculiar circumstances ; the surety, himself might seem to have stipulated for the lien, by"

IAI9.
Browrn
V.
Gilman.

a Cole v. Scott, 2 Wash. 14i. b I Sch. 4- Lefr. 132. c 2 Ves. 4-Beames, 306. d 3 Bos. 4 Pul. 181.

272
IMP .
Brown
.V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
requiring a covenant against the assignment of the premises, without the joint* consent of himself and the vendor.' If further circumstances are necessary, in the present ase, to remove the presumption, that the vendor intended to rely upon the lien, they will be found to exist. Holding back the deed, or what is equivalent, depositing it ,as an escrow, until after the first paymenthas always been considered as indicating the intention to rely upon the lien ;-and if so, the delivery of the deed, after the first payment was made, equally manifests an intention to relinquish the lien. The counsel then proceeded to argue, that, from other circumstances and facts in the case, it never could have been the intention of the parties that the lien should exist. But even supposing the lien did exist as against Mr. Wetmore, the original purchaser, would it follow the shares through every variety of modification intor the hands of a remote purchaser without notice ? But it is said that Mrs. G. has not denied notice. Nor could she deny notice in the manner pointed out by the authorities-7-that is, upon oath, being tie party plaintiff. But the same authorities lay down the rule, that if notice is neither alleged by the bill, nor proved, and the defendant by his answer denies notice, the Court will not grant an inquiry to affect him with notice.' This rule has more analogy to the present case; for the answer does not charge the plaintiff with notice; and it is denied in the bill. We insist, that where the legal estate has passed from the vendor, a bonafidepur-

a Svgd. Vend. 512.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

273

chaser without notice, even though he has no deed, will overreach the implied lien for unpaid purchase money. Mr. Sugden, after reviewing all the cases, expresses the opinion that even an equitable mortgage created by the vendee depositing deeds with a third party, bonafide, and without notice, will give him a preferable equity, and will overreach the ven-
dor's equitable lien for any part of the purchase money~a Now, a mortgage is a mere security for a debt, and the same conclusion is much stronger in the case of an absolute purchaser. But supposing the lien to exist: according to Frost v. Beekman,b it only exists to the amount of the consideration expressed on the face of the deed ; which, in this case,
is only five dollars. And even if it exists to any extent according to the law of the English Court of Chancery, that is not the law of this case ; the contract being made in Massachusetts, relative to lands in Georgia. It is admitted, that the law of Massachusetts recognizes no such lien ; but it is said that it is not the lex loci contractus,which is to govern, but the lex loci raei sit& ; and that the law of Georgia adopts the
English principle. We do notdeny that the'lex loci raei sitwe is to govern as to the transfer of real property; but we insist, that the intention of the contracting parties is to be gathered from the law of
the place where the contract is made. ,Admitting, however, that the law of Georgia is to give the rule, it remains to be shown, on the other side, that this peculiar doctrine of the English Courts of Equity is

1819.
Brown' V.
Gilman

a Sugd. Vend. 366. Vol. IV.

b 1 Johns. Ch. 288. 35

274
18J9.
Drown
v.
Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
adopted in that State We insist, we are not concluded by the decision of the Commissioners, under the acts of Congress, because their power extended only to legal or equitable claims to the lands; such
equitable claims as enabled the holder to call for the legal title, and such as conflict with each other; which not being the case here, the Commissioners had no jurisdiction to determine this ,question.

Mr., Webster, for the appellants, in reply, insisted that the title was no better in the plaintiff's hands thaI it was in the hands of Mr. Wetmore. The purchaser of an equity must abide by the case -of the. person from whom he buys. He must take the estate subject to all incumbrances. Want of notice, or payment of a valuable considera ion, will not enable him to raise himself higher than his vendor. Lord Thurlow says,. he takes that to be a universal rule.a It is unnecessary to say, whether the Commissioners 'vCre well founded in the decision they have pronounced. No fraud or negligence is at any rate imputable to the defendants. :They have used due diligence, and sought to increase the fund, by obtainingfrom the Commissioners the stock which would have belonged to the original purchase of Wetmote, if his'title had been deemed valid. In this they have failed; but without any fault of their own.
The Commissioners have decreed, that that portion of Wetmore's purchase which was conveyed to Wil-

a Davis T. Austen, I Ves jun. 247. See also Murray v, Silburn, I Johni. Ch. 441. Redfearn v. Ferrier, 1 Dow. 50.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

27&

liams, through whom the pIlaintiff derives her title, is aot entitled to any indemnification. They proceed on the ground that the oxiginal Georgia vendors-had a lien for the purchase money, and that they, if any
body, the purchase money not being paid, are entitled to the indemnity provided by the 'act of Congress. That the vendor has in equity a lien for the purchase money against the vendee, and all purchasers under him with notice, if it be a legal.estate; and against all persons purchasing with or without notice, if it be an equitable estate; could not be denied as a general doctrine. The English cases, on this point, are all considered by Lord Eldon inMackr-eth v. Simmons." There may be a relinquishment of this lion; and the evidence of such relinquishment may result from the nature of the transaetion, and the circumstances attending it' How -far such evidence existed here, it was the duty of the Commissioners to consider. If they have erred in judgment, the consequences .of that error ought not to be thrown on he defendants. The stock, which the Commissioners were to issue, may be considered as the product of the estate vested in the trustees. The bill does not complain, that the defendants have injured the plaintiff by surrendering the estate to the, United States. In this they are admitted to have done precisely what they ought to have done., The complaint is, that a just distribution has not been made of the proceeds. But the plaintiff's estate., has- produced ,no proceeds. The

PIo9. -
Brown
B. Gilman.

a 15 Ves. 329.

1819.
Brown
.iV.
Gilman.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Commissioners were empowered by the act to adjudge between adverse claims. They have decided against the claim of the plaintiff; and it would be manifestly unjust and unreasonable, that, having a bad claim herself, she should partake with others ia the benefit of their claims, which are good, 'unless she clearly proves an agreement to form this sort of partnership. And indeed, if it were proved that Wetmore and others agreed to form this partnership, each at the same time covenanting for the title of what he himself brought to the common stock, he could not claim in equity a proportionate share of the proceeds of the whole, having broken his own covenant' and the general proceeds being thereby diminished in an amount equal to what he undertook to convey to the trustees. If the plaintiff could recover in this case against the defendants, one of whom is the surviving trustee, that trustee must have his action against Wetmore on the covenants of his deed of trust. But it is not the course in equity to treat covenants as distinct and independent, but to require of plaintiffs to allege and prove performance, or readiness to perform, on their part." If the land, or its proceeds, have been taken from the trustee by som e one, whose title has been adjudged better than that of the cestui que trust, is it possible, that the cestui que trust can have any claim on the trustee ? The plaintiff relies on the articles' of association, which say that the certificate shall be complete evidence of the title. So it may be; but they do not

a 2 Fonb. 383.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
say what title the holder of the certificate shall be taken to have. The articles mean no more than that, the certificate should be evidence of the transfer. Whatever the vendor could sell, he might assign by endorsing the certificate. But in this there is no agreement to assure the title. The certificate itself refers to the articles of association, and the deeds of trust, to show the nature and condition ofthe property. These articles and deeds prove clearly, that the original purchasers stand on their several distincfpurchases, and decline all mutual responsibility. She must, therefore, be taken to have known what she purchased, as the reference in the certificate to the deed and articles was sufficient to put her on inquiry. Where one has sufficient information to lead him to the knowledge of the fact, he shall be deemed conusant of it.4 Even if her estate had been a legal, and not an equitable interest, this constructive notice would have prevented her from standing in any better condition than those under whom she held.

27-7
isi1.
Brown
.v. Gilman.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opihion of the Court. The question to be decided is, whether, under all the circumstances of this case, the New-England Mississippi Land Company, or Mary Gilman, shall lose the sum awarded by the
commissioners to the Georgia Mississippi Company, in satisfaction for the lien that company was supposed to retain on the lands they sold, for the non-

Feb. 241h. The questiom to be decided-

a. Sugd. Vend. 498. and the cases there cited.

'278

CASES IN THE SUPREME' COURT

1819. payment of the notes of William Wetmore, given for B~rown. the purchase money on his interest in ihe purchase.

v.

In examining this question, thenature of the con-

Gilman. tract, the motives of the New-England Mississippi

The nature of the contract
tween the
Gr 'and
the Nw-F,,,-
land Company.

Company, and their acts, are all to be considered. The contract was made in January; 1796, for
1 1,380,000,acres of land, Iying within the country occupied by the Indians, whose title was hot extinguish-
Y ed. The purchase money, amounting to 1,380,000

dollars, was to be divided into five instalments, the

first ofwhich amounting to 113,800 dollars, was to The motives be paid on the 1st of May, 1796, and the last on the
and acts of the'
New-England 1St oo f May, 1799. It is obvious, that this purchase
Company.
could not have been made with a view to hold all the

lands., The object of-the purchasers must hpve been to make. a.profitby re-selling a great part of them.'

Accordingly, we find them making immediate ar-

rangements to effect.this'object. In February, 1796,

before the legal title was obtained, the purchasers formed an association, by which it was, among other

things, agreed, that the land should be conveyed to

three, of their partners, Leonard Jarvis, Henry New-

man, and William Wetmore, for the use and benefit

of the company. It was also agreed, that. seven directors should be appointed, with power-to manage their affairs, and, after the company should be completely organized, as prescribed in'the articles of as-

sociation, to sell their lands for the' ommon benefit

of the proprietors. In addition to this mode of selling the lands thenise.lves, which might be slow in its operation, it was agre.?d tlat each proprietor might

transfer his interest, in who 0,ion part -and,to facili-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

279

tate this transfer, the whole purchase was divided into 1819.

2276 shares, and it was determined that an assignable -Brown

certificate should be granted to each proprietor, or to V. such person as he should appoint, stating the amount Gilman.

of his interest in the company. No certificate was

to issue for less than one share,

It, is of

great

importance

to

inquire,

how

farthe

*11at,, of the
interestcon.

company

pledged

itself to

the waassigneoe

of

thist cleorktci-etivaesyletdneto

the of

ficate;

and

how

far

it

Was

incumbent

on

him

to look

c in thef
,IewE.ngland

beyond the certificate itself,,in order to ascedrtain the Company.

interest which it gave him fi'he property of the

company.

In pursuing this inquiry, we must look with some

minuteness into the state of the property, and the

articles of association, as well as into the language

of the paper which was to evidence the' title of the

holder.

Although the association ,was formed before the

lands were conveyed, no certijcate was to issue un-

til th'e legal title in the company should be as com-

plete as it could be made. It was obviously neces-

sary for the purchasers, before they proceeded to

sell, to examine well their title, and to use every pre-

caution which prudence could suggest, for its secu-

rity. This appears to have been done.' On the 13th

of 'February, 1796, a deed was executed by. the

Georgia Company, purporting, to convey the lands to

Wifliaft Wetmore, Leonard Jarvis, and Henry New-

man; and i afterwards, in February, 1797, a deed of confirmation was executed and delivered. By these

deeds the Georgia Company certainly intended to

280

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i819. pass, and the New-England Company expected to

*" ' ' receive, the legal title.

Br.Vow.n

The articles of association direct these trustees to

Gilnan. convey the purchased lands to the proprietors, as-te-

nants in common, who are immediately to re-convey .them to Leonard Jarvis, Henry Newman, and William Hull, in trust, to be disposed of~accordingvto the articles.
The certificate granted to each proprietor, for the purpose of enabling him to dispose of his interest, certifies, that he is entitled, to the trust and benefit of Acertain specified proportion of the property contained in the trust deed," to hold said proportion, or share, to him, his heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the terms, conditions, covenants, and exceptions, contained in the said deed of trust, and in certain articles of agreement entered into by the persons composing. the New-England Mississippi Land Company." This certificate purports on its face to be transferrable by endorsement. If it amounted to no more than a declaration, that the holder had a right to sell a specified part of ihe common property, it wouia be difficult to maintain that the company could afterwards charge this part exclusively with a pre-existing incumbrance. But the certificate proceeds further, and declares that the share, or shares, thus tranferred, shall be held according to the terms, &c. of the deed of trust, and of the articles of agreement. So far, therefore, as that &ed, or those arti,cles, encumber the property, it certainly remains encumbered in the hands of the assignee. To what

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.28'1

extent does either of those instruments affect the Case?
The deed from the proprietors to Jarvis, Newman, and Hull, recites the grant of'he State of Georgia, the conveyance of the grantees to Wetmore, Jarvis, and Newman, in trust for the NewEngland Company, the conveyance of those trustees to the members of the company to hold as tenants in common, according to their respective interests, and adds, that it is found necessary and expedient, that the premises should be conveyed "in trust to Leonard Jarvis, Henry Newman, and William Hull, Esquires, to have and to hold the same, subject to all the trusts, provisions, restrictions, covenants, and agreements, contained in certain articles of agreement, constituting the New-England Mississippi Land Company ;" therefore, and in consideration of 10 dollars, the parties of the first part, severally "remise, release, and.forever quit claim, to the said Jarvis, Newman, and Hull, all the interest,' 8zc. which they have, or ever had, or of right ought to have, in
the premises, subject, however, to and for the purposes mentioned in the agreement constituting the New-England Mississippi Land Company. The parties of the first part, each for himself," and no further, covenants, that the premises are free and clear*of all incumbrances, by him made or suffered to be made, and warrants the same against himself and all claiming under him.
A separate conveyance was made by Wetmore, Jarvis, and"Newman, to John Peck, who conveyed

Yor. IV.

36

1819.
Brown v.
Gilman.

282'

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

181g.
Brown
V.
Gi.

to Jarvis, Newman, and Hull. But these conveyances are not supposed to vary the case.
In this deed of trust, each proprietor covenants for his -own title not for that of his co-partners.
This has been supposed to give notice to the assignee of each certificate issued by the .company, that the property conveyed did not constitute a common stock in the hands of the trustees, out of which each holder was to draw iii proportion to his interest, as expressed in the face of his title paper; but that the interest of -each co-partner was limited to the product of his own share, as under the original purchase, and that the holder of every certificate was bound to trace his title through the particular original purchaser under Whom he claims, and in whose place he stands.
We do not think the fact will sustain the argu-
ment. This. deed conveys the estate of each partner to
the company, and the covenants it contains ascertain the extent of .each partner's liability for the title -it passes. , The lands thus conveyed, are held by the company in like manner as if they had been convey-' ed by persons who were not members of it., The legal title is in the company; the power to sell is in, the company ; and if itwas intended that the right of each individual to dispose of his interest, should depend on the validity of the*ititlehe had made, and that the purchaser of such interest-took it subject to any incumbrance with which the estate conveyed might have been, burthened, previous to its conveyance, it would have been unnecessary to-make any,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
provision respecting the sale of such interest. The right of sale is coninected with the right of property, and without any regulation whatever, each member would have possessed it to the extent of his property. The object for granting the certificate seems to have been, to enable each share-holder to sell, unobstructed by those entangling embarrassments 'which may attend amere equitable title. This object, in which every member was equally concerned, could not be effected without giving to each some -evidence of his title, which should make it unnecessary for the purchaser to look further, in order to ascertain his interest in the general fund t whatever that fund might be. The history of the title, as well as the words of the certificate, would confirm this opinion. From its origin, every step of its progress was marked out and controlled by the company. The legal title was, by their order, conveyed to three persons', selected by themselves, and the deed contains no allusion to the interest of other purchasers. By this order, also, the title which was then made to the several purchasers, was immediately re-conveyed to trustees in whom the company confided, to uses and purposes expressed in certain articles of agreement which the company had formed. They guarded the title against incumbrances from individuals, and this watchfulness was for the double purpose of enabling their agents to sell the lands themselves, for the, common benefit, and enabling each member to sell to the best advantage his particular interest in that fund. It was scarcely possible for any individual to have encumbered the title after it was received by the first agents

283
2819.
Brown
V
Gilman

284
1819.
B
Brown
.
Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

of the company, and against defects in the title con-

veyed

by the
Iy.Y

Georgia

Compan

the certificate does

not profess to engage.

The articles of agreement, to which also the cer-

tificate refers, explain fully the views of the company. The great object of the association is to sell their lands to advantage. This is too plainly expressed to be mistaken. The words "terms, eonditions, covenants, and exceptions," contained in the certificate, refer chiefly to provisions respecting, the sale of lands, and to others which recognize the absolute control ovef the property which each member had ceded to the whole body. It is unnecessary to recite the particular articles whici tend to this general result. It is the spirit which pervades the whole association. Only those articles which relate to the .certificate need be adverted to.
The 1ith article divides the whole purchase into
2,276 shares. 'The 12th directs that a transferrable certificate
shall be given to each proprietor, prescribes its form, directs it to be recorded, and declares that it shall be complete evidence to such person, of his right in the purchase. Noassignee is admitted as a member, to vote, in the affairs of the company, until his assign-
ment shall be recorded. The 13th declares, that no certificate shall issue-for
less than .ne .share, and -that the holder of any cera tificate for a larger quantity, may, at any time, surrender it to the trustees, and take .out others for such quantities as he .may choose.
The 16th obliges .the directors to pay over to the

OF, THEUNITED STATES...

285,

respective proprietors their proportions of the moneys received from any and every sale, as soon after the receipt thereof as may be.
It is not more apparent, that the general object of the association was to promote the sale of their lands, than it is that the particular object of this certificate, and of the articles which relate to it, was to enable every proprietor to avail himself of his individual interest, and to bring it into circulation. On no other principle can we account for subdividing the stock of the company into such small shares ; for issuing the certificate itself; for making it assignable ; for declaring that it shall be complete evidence of title to that quantity of interest which is expressed on its face ; for enabling every holder, by surrendering his certificate, to divide it as his convenience might suggest; and for declaring that each holder shall receive his proportion of the money arising from the lands which might be sold. All these provisions tend directly to the same object, and are calculated for the single purpose of affording to each member of the company every possible facility in selling his' share of the stock. In this operation all were equally interested. Every member of the company was alike concerned in removing every obstruction to the free circulation of his own certificate, which could only be done by making it complete evidence of title; an advantage which, to be acquired by him, must be extended to all. In the particular benefit accruing to each member of the company from this arrangement, a fill consideration was received for his join-
ing in it. It is a mutual assurance, in which all the

1819.
Brown.
V.
Gilman.

286
1819. Brown
Gilma.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

members pledge themselves for each, that he is really :--entitled to sell what he offers for sale.

of

The articles weakening,

of agreement the language

then strengthen, of the certificate.

instead They

prove that the company must have intended to give it a]l the credit they could bestow on it, and to give to the assignee all the assurance they could give him, that he would stand on the same ground with other members, and was liable to no casualty to which they were not all exposed.
It was scarcely possible for any member, unless it be one of the original agents, to have eluded the precautions of the company, and have parted with, or

An aignee, encumbered any portion of his estate. But suppose (withoifuitt,ecer-- the fact to have happened, and a certificate to have hares inthe issued from any accident whatever, to him for a

Now-EnglandII
comguy, nilsarger

interest

than that to which

he

was

really

en-

-not afeted by

Ci rum- titled, would an, assignee, without notice, have been

Yctin thttie affected by this error on the part of the company ?

of the original

holder of the We think it clear, that he would not. The com-

Zertificatei.

pany has itself undertaken to judge of his title ; and,

for its own purposes, for the advantage of all its mem-

bers, to certify what that title is. The object and

effect of that certificate is to stop inquiry. The com-

pany has pledged its faith, that the title undei this

certificate shall not be questioned. This: is not all.

The. articles require that an assignee shall have his

assignment recorded. Here-is a second confirmation

of title. We fihd a number of. persons associated together
for the purpose of purchasing an immense body of land, which tiey expect to resell upon a profit.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
They watch the progress of the title, direct its course, leave no power to individuals over their individual shares, but keep the whole under the control of the company until they are perfectly satisfled with the state in which they have placed it. The legal title is by their order vested in three trustees, who are to be controlled by seven directors. Then, in order to enable each proprietor to dispose of any portion of his interest which he may incline to sell, assignable certificates are issued, declaring that the holder is entitled to a specified share of the land. This certificate refers to certain laws of the company, and these laws declare that such certificate shall be complete evidence of title, that the assignee shall become a member of the company, authorized to vote on having his assignment recordeI in books kept for that purpose. These certificates are offered to the public; confiding to the promise they contain, an individual becomes a purchaser, has his assignment recorded, and is received, without ·bjection, as a member. If any latent defect exists in the title of one of the original purchasers, which
was unknown to the company when the certificate issued, we think the company cannot set up this latent defect against an assignee. The Company possessed the means of obtaining full information of all eircumstances which could affect the title, so far as information was attainabl*. They undertook to judge of it, and to assert unconditionally, that' the holder of the certificate was entitled to the quantity of interest it specified.. However true it may be, that the individual in whose default this defect orig-

1819.'
Brown
V. Gilman.

1819.
]Bow:
V.-
rxilman.

GASES IN" THE SUPREME COURT
nated, might be held accountable for it, we cannot
agree that the assignee stands in his place. The company which would set it up against him, has inquired into the title; has, for its own purposes, assured him that it is perfect,, and, upon the faith of this assurance, lie has.purchased. Had he taken an equitable interest in trust, relying upon the faith of the vendor, his equity, it is conceded, would 'not be better than that of the vendor; but he has relied upon the Company. He has mounted up to the source of the equitable title, and is there assured of its goodness. The Company can never be permitted to say, that being themselves mistaken, they have imposed innocently upon him; and thit, therefore, they will throw the loss from themselves on him.
If, then, Mr. Wetmore had really, by any act of his, diminished the estate he carried, into the common stoek,,and if the deduction of his share from the sum awarded, to the company had been proper, he would have been personally answerable to the Company for such diminution ; but wg do not think this-liability passes with the certificate to his assigue6 without notice. - We do not think the Company could be permitted to a~sert against the assignee, the right they might assert against Mr. Wetmore.
But this is not a defect in the titl -itself created, voluntarily created, by Mr. Wetmore. It is a still weaker case on the part of the Company. , A sum of money, equal to the claim of the, plaintif,f has been awarded to.the Georgia, iistead of the NewEngland Company, by the Commissioners, under the idea that so much -of the, original purchase money

OF THE UNITED STATES.

289

remained unpaid, and that a lien on the lands they 181.

sold was still retained by the Georgia Company. Brown As this failure was on the part of Mr. Wetmore, the V. New-England Company claim the right of subject-

ing to this loss the shares of Mrs. Gilman, which

were derived from certificates issued on the stock of

Mr. Wetmore. On the part of Mrs. Gilman it is

contended, 1.That this lien did not exist; and, if it

did, 2. That it affects her only as a member of the

Company.

The Commissioners determined in favour of the

lien, because they considered the New-England

Company as holding only an equitable estate.

The

deeds

from

the

Georgia

to

the

New-Eng0land

The legUa-l
'Ile passed by-

Company certainly purport to pass, and were iion- tthhee deGedeosfrrgo'ima,

tended to pass, the legal title. The only objectio,n tEongtlhaned NCoerwe--

we have heard to their having the operation in- Pany.

tended by the parties, is, that they were not record-

ed, and that the legislature of Georgia passud an act

which forbid their being recorded.

But by the laws of Georgia, a deed, though not re-

corded within the time prescribed by law, remains valid

between the parties; and, were it even otherwise, it

might well be doubted whether this deed would not re-

tain all the validity it possessed when executed, since

its being recorded is rendered impossible by act of law.

Could it even be'admitted that the deeds passed only

an equitalle estate, it might well be doubted, whe-

ther the Georgia Company, as plaintiffs in equity,

could, under all the circumstances of this case, stand

on better ground than if their deed had operated as

they intended it should operate.

Vot,. IV.

37

290

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

But the Court considers the title at law as pass

Brown Gilmnan.

isng by'the deeds to the New.-England Company, and remaining with them, although those deeds were not recorded. If this opinion be correct, even ad-

mitting the law of England respecting the lien of

vendors for the purchase money after the execu-

tion of a-deed to be the law of Georgia, a point

No lien was which we do not mean to decide, we think it per-
retained, or in-
tended to be fectly clear that no lien was retained, and none in-
retained, in
this cue. tended to be retained, in this case.

It must have been well known to the Georgia'

'Company, tOat the purchase was made for the pur-

pose of reselling the lands; and, of consequence, that

it was of great im portance to the purchasers to have

a clear unincumbered title; and the event that the

property might pass into other hands before the

whole purchase money was paid, was not impro-

bable.

In the original agreement, an express stipulation

is made that the property shall remain liable for the

first payment, but that separate securities shall be

.taken for the residue of the purchase money.

The express The deed itself remains an escrow until the first

contract that

the lien should payment shall be made, and is then to be delivered

be retained to

a certain ex- as the deed of the parties; after which the vendors

tent, isa waiv-

reof the lien consent to rely on the several notes of therespective

toany greater.

,extent.

purchasers. This is equivalent to a mortgage of

the premises, to secure the first payment, and a consent io relyon the separate notes of the purchasers, for the residue of the purchase money. The express contract, that the lien shall be retained to a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

specified extent, is equivalent to a waiver of that lien to any greater extent.
The notes, too, for which the vendors stipulated, are to be endorsed- by persons approved. by the-mselves. This is a collateral security, on which they. relied, and which discharges, any implied -lien on the land itself for the purchase money.
We think this, on principles of English law, a clear case of exemption from lien.
Could this be doubted, it would not alter the obligation of the New-England Company, to Mrs. Gilman. If they were in the situation of purchasers with notice, it must be with a very ill grace that they set up against her particular interest, after having
induced her to purchase by the assurance that she came into the Company on equal terms. If they were purchasers without notice, the lien is gone.
We are unanimously of opinion, that the sum de-
ducted from the claim of the New-England Company, by the commissioners, is chargeable on the fund generally, not on the share of Mrs. Gilman particularly.
Some doubt was entertained on the question, whether Mrs. Gilman should recover from the parties to
tliis suit, her proportion of the money received by them, or her proportion after deducting therefrom, the sum she would be entitled to receive from those members, who obtained an order from the commis-sioners, by which they received directly, and not through the agents of the Company, the sums to which they were entitled. The majority of the Court directs me to say, that in this respect also, the

1819
V.
Gilman.
coTllaatkeirnagl ge. cuitv fro the pir-hnse mo. ntileey'dishimaprlgieeds lien On, the land.

292,
1819.
Y
]Brown
v.
Oiln.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

decree is right, and that the Comnpany, or their agents,

have the right to proceed againt those members for

y the

.p

what they have received beyond their just propor-

tion of the whole sum awarded to the Company.

Decree affirmed, with costs.a
a This subject of lien for "unpaid 'purchase money, 'is So
fully discussed in the opinion of the Court below in this case, ,,that the following extract from that opinion, in Mr. Mason's Reports, may be useful to the reader.
"The doctrine, that a lien exists on the land for the purchase money, which lies at the foundation of the decision of the commissioners, as well as of the present defence, deserves a very deliberate consideration.. It can hardly be doubted, that this doctrine was borrowed. fromthe text of the civil law ;* and though it may now be considered as settled, as between the vendor. and the vendee, and all claiming under tie latter with notice of the non-payment of the purchase money, yet its establishment may be referred to a comparatively recent period. Lord Eldon has given us an historical review of all the cases, in Mackreth v. Symmons, 15 Vez. 29. from which he deduces the following inferences. First, That, generally speaking, there is such a lien. Secondly, That in those general cases, in which there would be a lien, as between vendor and vendee, the vendor will have the lieti against .athird.person, who had notice, that the money was not paid. These two points, he adds, seem to be clearly settled ; and the
"Quod vendidi non aliter accipientis quam si Rut pretium:nobis solutum sit, aut satis eo nomine factum, vel etiam fidem habuerimus emptori sine ulla satisfac-
tione.". Dig. Lib. 18.fit. 1. 1. 19.-Domat. lib.1. it. 2. I. 3. 1. 1. But this lien
was lost, by the civil law, not only by taking a separate security from the purchaser, as a surety or pledge, &c. but also, by giving a term of credit to him. For Justinian, after laying down the rule in the Institutes thus, "Vendit e vero res et' tradite, non aliter emptori acquiruntur, quam si is venditori pretium solverit, vel altomodio el astisfecerit, vedui expromnssore aut pignore data :"8fc. adds, ."sed. si is qui vendidlt fidern empieris sequutuw fiueridti,cendum eststatim rem emptoris Jf,'i." Inst. L 2. f.I. De Rerun Divis. s. 41. PoLh esr, .a Fente, No. 322, W. .Pothier'sPandeds, Tom. 3.p. i07.

. OF THE UNITED STATES.

293

same conclusibn has been adopted by a very learned chancel. lor of our own country. Garson v. Green, I Johns. Ch. Rep. 308. The rule, however, is manifestly founded oa a supposed conformity with the intentions of the parties, upon which the law raises an implied contract; and therefore it is not inflexible, but ceases'to act, where the circumstances of the case do not justify such a conclusion. What circumstances shall have such an effect, seems indeed to be matter of a good deal of delicacy and difficulty; and the difficulty is by no means lessened by the .subtle-doubts and distinctions of recent authorities. It seems
indeed to lie established, that primafacie the purchase money is a lien on the land ; and it lies on the purchaser to show, that the vendor agreed to waive it; (Hughes v. Kearney, I ScP54. L'ef. 132. Mackreth v. Symmons, 15 Vez. 329. Garson v. Green, I Johns. Ch.. Rep. 308. ;) and a receipt for the purchase money, endorsed upon the 'conveyance, is not sufficient to -repel this presumption of law. But how far the taking a distinct security for the pufchase money shall be held to be a waiver-of the implied lien, has been a vexed question.
There is a pretty strong, if not decisive current of authority,
to lead us to the conclusion, that merely taking the bond, or note, or covenant of the vendee himself, for the purchase money, will not repel the lien ; for it may be taken to counter-
vail the receipt of the payment usually endorsed on the conveyance. (Hughes v. Kearney, 1 Sch. 4-Lef. 132. Nairn v. Prowse, 6 Vez. 752. Mackreth v. Symmons, 15 Vez. 329. Blackburn v. Gregson, 1 Bro. C. C. 420. Garson v. Green, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 308. Gibbons v. Baddall, 2 Eq. Cas. Abr. 682. Coppin v. Cqppin, 2. P. Will. 291. Cases cited in Sugden on Vendors, ch. 12. p. 352, &c.) But where a distinct and independent security is taken, either of property or of the responsibility of third persons, it certainly admits of a very different consideration. There the rule may-properly apply, that expressumfacit cessare taciturn; and where the party has carved out his 'own security, the law will not create another in aid. This was *manifestly the opinion of Sir William Grant in a recent case; where he asks, "If the security be totally distinct and inde-
pendent, will it not then become a case of substitution for the

1819.
Brown
V.
Gilmai,

294
1819. · v-
Brown
Gilman.

CASES IN THE SUPREME ,COURT
lien, instead of a credit given because of the lien?" And be then puts the case of a mortgage on another estate for the putchase money,,which he holds a discharge of the lien, and as-
serts, that the same rule must hold with regard to any other pledge forthe purchase money. Nairn v. Prowse, 6 Vez. 752. And the same doctrine was asserted in a. very early case,
where a mortgage was taken for a part only of the purchase money, and a note for the residue,. Bond v. Kent, 2 Vern. 281. Lord Eldon, with his characteristic inclination to doubt, has
hesitated upon the extent of this doctrine. He seems to con. sider, that whether the taking of a distinct security will have the effect of waiving the implied lien, depends altogether upon the circumstances of each case, and that no rule can be laid down universally ; and that, therefore, it is impossible for any purchaser to know, without the judgment of a Court, in what cases a lien would, and in what cases it would not, exist. His language is, " If, on the other hand, a rule has prevailed, (as it ,seems to me,) that it is to depend, not upon the circumstance of taking a security, but upon the nature of the. security, as amounting to evidence, (as it is sometimes called,) or to declaration plain, or manifest'intention, (the expression used on other occasions,) of a purpose to rely not any longer upon the estate, but upon the personal credit of the individual ; it is -obvious, that a purchaser taking a security, unless by evidence, mnanifest intention, or declaration plain, he shows his purpose, cannot know the situation in which he stands, without the judgment of a Court, how far that security does contain the evidence,, manifest intention, or declaration plain upon that point." Mackreth v. Symmons, 15 Vez. 329. 342. Austin v. .Halsey, 6 Ves. jr. 475.
If indeed this be the state of the law upon this subject, itis reduced to a most distressing uncertainty. But, on a careful examination of all the auth6rities, I do.not find a single case, in which it has been held, if the vendor takes-a personal collateral security, binding others as well as the vendee, as, for instance, a bond or note with a surety or an endorser, or a collaterial security by way of pledge or mortgage, that under such tircumstances a lien exists on the land itself. The only case,

-OF THE UNITED STATES.

295

that looks that way, is Elliot v. Edwards, 3 Bos. 4- Pull 181.; 1819. Where, as Lord Eldon says, the point.was not decided; and it % was certainly a case depending upon its own peculiar circum- Brown stances, where the surety himself might seem to have stipulated Gilman. for the lien,'by requiring a coVeinant against an assignment of the premis'es, .without the joint consent of himself and the vendor. Lord Redesdale, too, has thrown out an intimation, Hughes v. Kearney, 1 Sch. &"Lef. 132., that it must appear, that the vendor relied on it as security ; and he puts the case,. "Suppose bills given as part of the purchase money, and suppose them drawn on an insolvent house, shall the acceptance of such bills discharge the vendor's lien ? They are taken not as a security, but as a mode of payment." In my humble judgment, this is begging the whole question. If, upon the con-, tract of purchase, the money is to be paid in cash, and bills of exchange are.afterwards taken in payment, which turn out-unproductive, there the receipt of the bills may be considered as a mere mode of payment.. But if the original contract is, that the purchase money shall be paid ata future day, and accept-. ances of third persons are to be taken for it, payable at such future day, or a bond with surety payable at such future day, I do not perceive how it is possible to assert, that the acceptances ofbond are not relied on as security. It is sufficient, however,
that the case was not then before his lordship ; and that he admits, that taking a distinct security would be a waiver of the lien. On the other hand, there are several cases in which it is laid
down, that if other security be taken, the implied lien on the land is gone. To this effect certainly the case of Fawell v. Heelis, .Rmb. R. 724. 8. C.-2 Dick. 485. is an authority, however it may, on its own circumstances, have beeni shaken ; and the doctrine is explicitly asserted and acted upon in Nairn v. Prowse, 6 Ves. jr. 752. See, also, Bond v. Kent, 2 Vern. 381. 'Inour own country, a very venerable judge of equity has recognized the same doctrine. He says, " The doctrine that the
vendor of land, not taking a security, nor making a conveyance, retains a lien upon the property, is so well settled as to be received as a maxim. Even if he hath made a conveyance, yet he may pursue the land in the possession of the vendee, or of a

296
11
Brown Gilman.

CASES INTHE SUPREME C6URT
purchaser with notice. But ifhe hath taken a security, or the vendee bath sold to a third person without notice, the lien is lost. Cole v. Scott. 2 Wash. Rep. 141. Looking to the princi-
pie, upon which the original doctrine of lien is established, I have no hesitation to declare, that taking the security of a third person for the purchase money, ought to be held a complete waiver of any lien upon the land ; and that, in a case standing upon such a fact, it would be very difficult to bring my mind to
a different conclusion. At all events, it is primafacie evidence of a .waiver, and the onus is on the vendor to prove, by the most cogent and irresistible circumstances, that it ought not to have that effect. . Such was the result of my judgment upon an examination of the authorities, when a very recent case before the Master of lhe Rolls first came to my knowledge. I have perused it with great attention, and it has not, in any degree, shaken my opinion. The case there was of acceptances of the yendee, and of his partner in trade, taken for the payment of the purchase money. It was admitted, that there was np case of a security given by a third person, in which the lien had been held to exist. But the Master of the Rolls, without deciding what would be the effect of a security, properly so denominated, of a third person, held, in conformity to'the opinion of Lord Redesdale, that bills of exchange were merely a mode of payment, and not a security. This conclusion he drew from the nature of such bills, considering them as mere orders on the acceptor to pay the money of the drawer to the payee; and that the acceptor was to be considered, not as a surety for the debt of another, but as paying the debt out of the debtor's funds in his hands.. Grant v. Mills, 2 Ves. 4.Beamies' Rep. 306. With this -conclusion .of the Master of the Rolls, I confess myself not satisfied, and desire to reserve myself for the case, when it shall .arise in judgmenL It is founded on very artificial reasoning, and not always supported in point of fact by the practice of the 'commercial world. The distinction, however, on which it proceeds, admits, by a very strong implication, that the security of a third person would repel the lien. If, indeed, the point were .new, there Would be much-reason to contend, that a distinct'sd,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

27

qurity of the party himself would extinguish the lien on the land, as it certainly does the lien upon personal chattels. (Cowell v. Simpson, 16 Ves. jr. 276.) In applying the doctrine to the facts of the present case, I confess, that I have no difficulty in pronouncing against the existence of a lien for the unpaid part of the purchase money. The property was a large mass of unsettled and uncultivated lands, to which the Indian title was not as yet extinguished. It was, in the necessary contemplation of all parties, bought on speculation, to be sold out to sub-purchasers, and ultimately to settlers. The great objects of the speculation would be materially impaired and embarrassed by any latent incumbrance,,the nature and extent of which it might not always be easy to ascertain, and which might, by a subdivision of the property, be apportioned upon an almost infinite number of purchasers. It is not supposable, that so obvious a consideration should not have been within the view of the parties ; and, viewing it, it is very difficult to suppose they could mean to create such an incumbrance. A distinct and independent security was taken by negotiable notes, payable at a future day. There is no pretence, that the notes were a mere mode of payment, for the endorsers were, by the theory of the law, and, in fact, conditional sureties for the payment ;. and in this respect the case is distinguishable from that of receiving bills of exchange, where, by the theory of the law, the acceptor is not a surety, but merely pays the money of the drawer in pursuance of his order. (Hughes v. Kearney, 1 Sch. 4- Lef. 132.-Grant v. Mills, 2 Ves. 4- Beasnes' Rep.306.) The secu. rities themselves were, from their negotiable nature, capable of being turned immediately into cash, and in their transfer from hand to hand, they could never have been supposed to draw after them, in favour of the holder, a lien on the land for their payment. But I pass over these, -rid some other peculiar cir-
cumstances of this case, and put it upon the broad and general doctrine, that here was the security of a third person, taken as' such, and that extinguished any implied lien for the purchase money." (1 Mason's Rep. 212.)

1819.
Brown
V.
Gilmarf.

VOL. IW.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

4W
1819.

(Pkizz.)

The.Neustra Senora do Is Caridad.

The NEusThA SENORA DE LA CARIDAD-BAGEt et
aL Claimants.

A cruiser, equipped at the port of Carthagena, in South America, and commissioned under the authority of the province of Carthagena, one of the United Provinces of New Grenada, at War with Spain, sailed from the said port, and captured on the 'high seas, as prize, a vessel and 'cargo. belonging to the subjects of the king of Spain, and put a prize crew on board; and ordered her to pro-. ceed to the said port of Carthagena; the captured vessel was afterwards fallen in with by a private qrmed vessel of the United States, and the cargo taken out-and brought into the United States for adjudication as the property of their enemy. The original'Spa. nish bwner, and the prizenfiaster from the Carthagenian cruiser, both claimed the goods. The possession was decreed to be rqtorec .
to the Carthagurnan prizemaster. War having.been recognize- to exist between Spain and her colonies
by the government of the United States, it is the duty of the Courts of the United States, where'a capture is imade by either of the bel. ligerent parties witho0t any violation of pur neutrality, and the capturid prize is brought infiocently within our jurisdiction, to leave tings in the same state they find them; or to restore them to the state from which they have been fdtcibly removed by the act of qur * own citizens. The Spanish treaty held, not to apply to the above case, as the Court could not consider the Carthagenian captors as pirates, and the capture was not made within the jurisdictional limits of the United
States; the only twocases i# which the, treaty enjoins restitution,

APPEAL fromi the Circuit Court of North Carolina.
This was aprize allegation against certain goods, taken by a private armed v6sse| of the United States, the Harrison-, dering thp, late war with Great Britain,

VeL.; IV.,

93

CASES IN'.THE SUPREME COURT
1819. out of a ship called the Neustra Senora de Ia CarlThe Neeustra dad. A claim was interposed by Salvador Bages, Senora de la and others, Spanish subjects, domiciled at St. Jago, Caridad. in thetisland of Cuba, alleging that the ship was a
Spanish ship,and-with the goods, their property, was captured on the high seas, by an armed vessel cruizing under the pretended colours of Carthagena, the coiimander of-which produced no commission, nor did, the claimants know, or admit, he had one, and Who detained the Caridad as prize, and put a prize crew on board. That having separated -fromthe capturing vessel, they were met with and boarded by the privateer Harrison. That :the' said privateer captured. and took possession of the Caridad, and the captors unladed the cargo from on board of her ', into the Harrison, and having brought the same into the port of Wilmington, North Carolina, proceeded against it as prize of war.
A'cross'claim was filed'by Pedro Brugman; mas'ter and 'commander of the Carthagenian armed schooner Neustra' Senora de la Popa, in behalf of himself, and others, 'the owners of said privateer, to the goods thus proceeded against as prize of war by the cor-'mander, officers, and crew 'of the Harrison. This 'claim pleaded, that the goods Were: not at the time of the proceedings, nor at the time of capture by the'Harrison, the property of any'British subjects, or of any persons domiciled in' the dominions of Great Britain, nor 'of any of the enemies of the Uni-' ted Statesbut that the same then,'were, and yet are, the property of thei ownersj officers, and crew of the La Popa, from, whose lawful possession the same

OF THE UNITED STATES.

499

had- been violently. and. wrongfully taken, on the .is9.
high "seas, by the Harrison, as before mentioned. The Neutra Thatthe La Popa, h"a'v.ing ·been.. duly commissioned CSea.roirdaadd;e I by the sovereign authority of the independent. State d of Carthagena,-and furnished with letters of marque and reprisal, autho'izing.her to capture, on the high seaq, the property of the enemies of said State, left the port of. Carthagena in the month. of December, 1814,. on a cruise., That on the -21st of January, 181), while cruising off St. Jago de Cuba, the said privateer La Popa, commanded. by -the claimant,. seized and captured the ship La- Cartdad, sailing, froth Jamaica to Cuba, loaded with,, dry:goods,' and belonging,- With the cargo, to the enemiesof the said independent State of Carthagena,. as the papers on.-board, and. the. information of .the master and crew, convinced the claimant to be :the
fact. That the.claimant put a prizemaster and crew on board the captured vessel, and ordered her to pro--.

ceed to the said port. of Carthagena. '.That the: said prizemaster and crew, retained the possession for four : days, and while they were proceeding to Carthagena, the, Caridad was forcibly taker) by the Harrison from their,possession, .the goods, taken out, and brought into the port of Wilmington, as aforesaid.
An order was made by the Court below,, that-the claimant, I'edro Brugman, sbould, be- allowed to make fa'ther proof, that the, commission which, he produced, and 'under which.,he alleged the..original capture to have been made, was,; issued. by-the aif-. thority acting as the, sovereign authority of 3tho6-Uni-
ted Provinces of &ew-Grenada.

500

,CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

At the bearing it was ,proved, by the testimony of

e

witnesses, that the La Popa belonged to and had

Senora de la been actually fitted out in Carthagena, one of the said

Caridad. United Provinces of New Grenada; that the com-

mission produced by the commander, was in the usual form in which letters of marque were issued by the sovereign authority of that Province; that the
.seal affixed to the same was the seal used at the time
by those who exercised the sovereign authority of Carthagena to authenticate the commissions by them. granted; that the officers of state by whom the same wes signed, were at the time, and had been for some time before, respectively, the Governor and the Secretary of War, and the Marine of the-said. Province that the witnesses were acquainted with the hand writing of the said Governor and Secretary, the wit-. nesses having often seen them write, as well as seen their public and acknowledged writings, and verily believed the same to be their signatures. - And the commission was also proved to be genuine, and to have regularly issued, by the certificates and declarations of the officers of state of the Province of Carthagena. The origiiial- capture by the. La Popa, the retaking by the Harrison, and -the proprietary interest of 'the original Spanish owners of the goods were all fully
proved.. The Circuit Court decreed, at May term, 1818,1
the goods to'be restored to the possession of Pedro Brugman f' from which sentence an appeal was taken to this Court by"the claimant, Salvador Bages,' for, himself .and the.original Spanish owners. .. The, cause was submitted without argument."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Sol

Mr. Justice J0H$qSON delivered the opinion of 'the 18i9.

Court..""

"

C

.

..

"The Neustra

T'his case arose out of a capture made in:the late Senora de la war. 'The La Popa, a commissioned cruiser of the MTr 21

Province of Carthagena, had made prize of the Ca-' ridad, a Spanish vessel, in a voyage' from Jamaica to Cuba.: The American private armed vessel Harrison fell in with the Caridad, then in. possession of the prize crew of the La Popa, and suspecting her cargo to be -British, took possession of it, and transhipped it into their own vessel.., On the arrival of the Harrison in*a port of North Carolina, the cargo was claimed both by the Caridad and La Popa, and, finally restored to the LaiPopa.
This is an appeal from -the decision of the. Circuit Court of North. Carolina, made by the original Spar nish owner; and the case has been submitted on. the evidence and the grounds taken in the argument .be-

There is no doubf'that the, property was Spanish, nor that the privateer La Popa was commissioned as a cruiser, whilst the Province of Carthagena had, an organized government and there is, the fullest evidence that hex armament and equipment was unaffected by any charge of having' been maqe-in violation of our laws.
The'only question in the case iS'whether an ori-, ginal Spanish owner is entitled to 'the aid of the ,,Courts of.-this country, to 'restore to him prbperty of which he has been dispossessed by capture, under, a commission..derived from the revolted colonies ? and this question is considered, by'this court, as having

5CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
been fully decided by the principles assumed in the The Nebstra case of the United States v. Palmera at the last term, ,Senora de la and by the decisions inthe cases of the Estrellab and Caridad. Divina Pastorac at the present term.
War notoriously exists, and is: recognized by our government to exist, between Spain and her colonies. This is an appeal to the highest of all'tribuilals on a question of right. No neutral nation can act against either, without taking part with the other in the war. All that. the lawof nations requires of us, is strict arid impartial neutrality. And no friendly nation ought to'demand of the Courts of this country to do an act which may involve it in a war with the victor. , Our duty is, where the property of either is -brought innocently within our jurisdiction, to leave things as we find them; much more to restore them to that state from Which they,have been forcibly removed by the act of our own citizens. The-treaty with Spain can have -no bearing upon the case,, as' this ,Court cannot recognize such captors as pirates, and the capture was not made. within our jurisdi-tional: limits.' In"those two cases only 'does the treaty enjoin restitution.
·Decdied affirmid, witli costs.
*·. Whe .·6 o.. :bA t,,T. 2..90.' Cc Ant ;pP.

488

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. of Ohio, destroy its validity, without reference to the M'A'rtthur knowledge or connivance of the mortgbagee. And
v. this again must be decided by referring to the object Browder. of the law. The words of the statute would lite-

rally embrace th& case. But who are the objects of the law ? Not creditors only, but subsequent purchasers. And to give it such a construction as would expose a bona fina purchaser without notice to imposition, in order to protect creditors, could never comport with the intent of the law.
Upon the whole, we are of opinion, that there is no error in the decree below, and that the same be
affirmed, with costs. Decree affirmed, with costs.

(LOCAL LAW.)
M'ARTHUR v. BROWDER.
The rule which prevails in Kentucky and Ohio, as to land titles, is, that, at law, the patent is the foundation of title, and neither party can bring his entry. before the Court: tut a junior patentee, claiming under an elder entry, may, in Chancery, support his equitable title.
A description which will identify the lands is all that is necessary to 'the validity of a grant: but the law requires that an entry should be made withsuch certainty, that subsequent purchasers may be. enabled to locate the adjacent residuum. An entry for 1,000 acres of land in Ohio, on Deer creek," beginning. where the upper line of Ralph Morgan's entry crosses the creek,.
running with Morgan's line on each side of the creek 400 poles,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

. 89

thence up the creek 400 poles in a direct line, thence from each side of the given line with the upper line at right angles with the side lines for quantity :" held, to be a valid entry. Distinc~tion between gending and withdrawing an entry.

1819. -
M'Arthur
V.
]Browder.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio. The bill in equity filed in this cause by the appellant, M'Arthur, states, that George Mathews, on the 19th of September, 1799, made the following entry with the surveyor of the Virginia army lands. "'No. 3717: 1799, September 19th. George Mathews, assignee, enters 1,000 acres of land, on part of a military warrant, No. 4795, on Deer creek, beginning where the upper line of Ralph Morgan's entry, No. 466.5, crosses the creek, running with Morgan's line on each side of the creek 200 poles ; thence

up the creek 400 poles on a direct line, thence from each side of the given line with the upper line, at right angles with the side lines for quantity."
That afterwards the entry of Ralph Morgan was withdrawn; and that in consequence, George MS.thews made the following entry: "No 3717: 1801, October 26th. George Mathews, assignee, enters 1,000 acres of land on part of a military- warrant, No. 4795, on'Deer creek, beginning at two elms on the south west bank of the creek, upper -corner to Henry Mossies' survey, No. 3925, running south 45 west 120 poles, north 65 west 172 poles, north 17 west 320 poles, north 76 east 485 poles, thence south 1 west 292.poles, thence to the beginning." The bill charges, that the last entry was not intended as a new one ; but only as an amendment or explanation of the first. This last entry was surveyed the 7th of

VoL IV.

6

490
1819. M'Arthur
v.
lrowder.

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT
October, 1807: And upon an assignment to the complainant, the,land, embraced in the survey was patented to the plaintiff, the 16th of July, 1806.
The title of Browder, the respondent, is stated in
the bill as follows: That on the 20th of July,, 1798, Nathaniel Ran-
dolph made the following entry: " No. 3310: July 20, 1798. Nathaniel Randolph, assignee, enters 300 acres of land on three military warrants, Nos. 4165, 4250, and 4664, on the lower side of Deer creek, beginning at a walnut and two elms, cornered ,5 poles from the bank of the creek, running south 61 west 200 poles to two white oaks, and two hickories, thence north 7 west 234 poles, thence north 6t east 200"poles, thence to the beginning." That the last entry was surveyed for Randolph, and the oldest patent obtained by him, which he conveyed to Browder, who has recovered upon an ejectment-
By the answer and exhibits, it appears, that Randolph's survey was made the 1st of August, 1798 ; that a patent was granted to Randolph, the 29th of September, 1800, who conveyed to the respondent. The respondent, Browder, having brought an action of ej-ctment, recovered the possession of the land in question; and the appellant, M'Arthur, filed this bill in equity, praying for an injunction ; a conveyance of so much of the land claimed by the respondent, as interferes with his claim ; and for general relief. The bill was dismissed by the Circuit Court, and the cause brought by appeal to this Court.

,March i0ih. This cause was argued by Mr. Scott and Mr.

OF THE UNITED STATES..

Brush, for the appellant, and by the Attorney Gene- 1819.

ral and Mr. Doddridge,for the resp'ondent.

MAtu M'Arthur

V.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL deliyered the opi- Browder"

nion of the Court.

. 12. ar. c

Inthis case, the appellee claims under the elder

grant founded on the elder entry. Consequently,. if

his entry be valid, the bill, of the appellant cannot be

.sustained. But the entry is so defective in description, that it was necessarily abandoned; and the appellee relies on his patent; interior to the emana-

tion of which, the appellant contends that the land was appropriated by hisentry. , The validity of this entry, als'o, is denied. But before we examine the objections made to it, we must consider those which. have been urged against the jurisdiction of this

Court as a Court of Equity.

The rule which prevails both in Kentucky_ and

Ohio is, that, at law, the patent is the foundation of title, and that neither party can bring his entry be-

fore the Court. In consequence of this rule, it has

been also well settled, that the junior patentee, claiming under an elder entry, may, in Chancery, support

his equitable title, and obtain a decree for a conveyance of so much of the land as under his entry he' may be entitled to. But the general principle is'

supposed to be inapplicable to this case, because the words of the entry are introduced into the grant; and if they were too vague to appropriate the land' when used in the entry, they must be too vague to appropriate it wlien used in the grant,. which is a

492:

CASES IN: THE SUPREME COURT

1819.. question triable at law, and which was tried in the.

'~v~ejectment

brought by ,theappellee for the land.

McArthur

'entsp

.

Were the fact.precisely as stated, it could not sup-

Browder. port the argumentwhich is founded on it. When

theulethat lands ajt miorn

are granted,

a description

which iwteildl idoentify

teeundernder them is all .that is necessary to. the -validity of the

entry, may, in grant. But identity is not: all that is necessary to.

Chancery,

i n

suporthise tite, the validity of an, entry... The law requires-that,

applicable to
,hip case locations should be'made with such certainty, that

subsequent .purchasers may be enabled to locate the adjaceit fesiduum. All grants are founded on sur-

veys. They recite the surveys, and all that is re-

quired -in an ejectment is to prove that the: land claimed is that which was surveyed.. But more is required in. a contest respecting, an entry. N6thing is more common than for Courts to declare an entry

void for uncertainty, notwithstanding the clearest proof that the land claimed, and that located, are the

same.

There is then nothing in the resemblance between the words of the grant and of, the entry, to distin-

guish this-from other cases, in which the party claim-

ing under the first good'entry, comes into Chancery to obtain a conveyance of lands held under a senior

patent. We proceed, then, to examine the entry un-

der which the appellant claims. That entry is made for 1000 acres of land on Deer creek, " beginning where the upper line of Ralph Morgan's entry crosses the creek, running with Morgan's line on each side of the creek 200 poles, thence up the creek 400

poleson a direct 'line, thence from each side of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

given line, with the upper line at right angles with 1819.

the'side lines, for quantity."

M'Arthur

That entries, which contain such descriptive BBrowd.er.

words as clearly to designate the place where the Wtiohnatidse"nseccreips-

land lies, shall with respect to their more particular slaidryitytoof tahnee,n.--
·
locative calls, be supported, if they can on fair con- try.

struction be supported, is a principle which per-

vades the whole of that curious and intricate fabric,

which has been erected by. the. decisions on land

titles in Kentucky, and has been taken as a model for those in the military district of Ohio. If a sub-

sequent locator, brought to the spot where the lands

lie, with the location in his hand, might by the appli-

cation of the rules which the Courts have established,

know how to place the entry so as to enable himself

to locate the adjacent residuum, the entry must be

sustained.

In this case it is admitted, that the beginning is

described with sufficient certainty. The -place where

the upper line of Ralph Morgan's entry crosses Deer

creek is ascertained. From that beginning the entry

calls to run " with Ralph Morgan's line on each side

of the creek 200 poles." It is said to be entirely

uncertain whether this line is to be 200 poles on each

side of the creek, so as to amount to 400 poles, or

to be only a line of 200 poles altogether. Did this

ambiguity really exist in the words themselves, it is

entirely removed by the other parts of the location.

The entry is made for 1,000 acres of land, and can-

not, on any. construction, be made to exceed 600 acres, unless the base line be 400 poles. We have

then a given line of 400·poles. The entry then pro-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
819. ,ceeds, 4(thence up the creek 400 poles on a direct line." The plain meaning of these words is, that
M'Artbur the land liesup the creek, so that a direct line of 400 V.
Browder. poles will reach' its upper boundary. If the location
stopped here, adding only "for quantity," the decisions of Kentucky would establish it as a good entry for a square formed on the upper side of the base line of 400 poles, which would contain 1,000'ares* of land. But the entry proceeds, "thence from each side of the given line, with the upper line at right angles with the side lines, for quantity." This part of the description has been said to produce urncertainty, because two lines are given, and a subsequent locator could not tell to which reference was made.
If it would make any difference whether the base line or the line up the creek was taken as the given line, this might produce some difficulty ; but if the entry must cover precisely the same ground, whether the one or the other be taken as the given line,.it can make none.
Let the base line be considered as the given line. It is plain that the words from each side must mean
from each end, because the land is to lie up the creek; wpahretlryeadso, wifn you proceed from each side, it would lie
the creek. The line, too, which is to
give the quantity with the side lines is:the upper line, and that is-removed from the base line the distance necessary to include the quantity of land required. As this quantity is to be inclosed from the whole entry taken together, within lines which form a square, the entry must be understood to require, that the side lines should be drawn from the ends of the base line,

OF THE UNITED STATES,

'IWar

and the inaccuracy of the expression could not mis- 1819.

lead.

But the entry is understood to refer as the given V. line to that which is last mentioned ; that is, to the Browder.

line of 40)0 poles, which is perpendicular to the base.

You are then carried up the creek 400 poles in a di-

rect line from the base line. From each side of

this line you are carried "with the Upper line at right

angles with the side lines," until you get 1,000

acres. This construction gives full effect to every

word of the entry, and gives a square which will

contain 1,000 acres. It is, we think, the natural

construction. The entry would be so understood by

every subsequent locator. On any constructiou, the~n.

which can be given to the words, the entry must not

only have the same form, but must cover precisely

the same land.

If, then, the original entry had never been amend-

ed, there could be no doubt of the right of the party

claiming under it. This leads to the inquiry, whe-

ther the amendment affects this right.

The distinction between amending and withdiaw- Distinction be.
tween amend-

ing an entry

is well

established,

and

completely

un-

in.- and mithdraming aneu -

derstood. An amended entry retains its original try.

character, so far as it is unchanged by the amend-

ment. So far as it is changed, it is a new entry.

The survey, in this case, is understood to conform

precisely to the amended entry; and it contains a

part of the land comprehended in-the original entry.

So far as respects the land within the appellee's pa-

tent, which is-comprehended. by the original entry,

the amended entry, and the survey, we think the

496 1819.
'the
M' Arthur
v.
Browder.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
appellant was entitled to a decree, and, consequently, Circuit Court erred in dismissing his bill. The
decree is to be reversed, and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court, with directions to enter a decree
conforming to this opinion.

DEcRE.-This cause came on to be heard on the
transcript of the record of the Court of the United States for the seventh Circuit, and District of Ohio, and was argued by counsel. On Consideration
whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the plaintiff in the Circuit Court had a good title in equity to so much of the land contained in the defendant's patent, as is comprehended in the original entry made by George Matthews, in September, 1799, and also in his amended entry, and in his survey ; and that the decree of the said Circuit Court, dismissing the
bill, is erroneous, and ought to be reversed, and it is, accordingly, Reversed ; and this Court doth farther Direct and Order, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to enter a decree, directing the defendant to convey to the plaintiff so much of the land contained in, his patent, as is comprehended in the original entry, and also in the amended entry and survey, on which the grant of the plaintiff was founded.

466
1819.
Astor
V.
Wells.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(CHAKCER V- LOCAL LAW.)
ASTOR v. WELLS et al.

Under the registry act of Ohio. which provides, that certain deeds "shall be recorded, in the county in which the lands, tenements,
and bereditaments, so conveyed or affected, shall be situate, within one year after the day on whiuh such deed or conveyance was executed; and, unless recorded in the manner and within the time aforesaid, shall be deemed fraudulent against any subsequent bona fide purchaser without knowledge of the existence of such former deed of conveyance:" lands lying in Jefferson county were convdyed by deed ; and a new county, called Tuscarawas county, was erected, partly from Jefferson, after the execution, and before the recording of the deed, in which new county the lands were included ; and the deed was recorded in Jefferson. Held, that this registry was not sufficient either to preserve its legal priority, or to give it the equity resulting from constructive notice to a subsequent purchaser. Notice of a prior incumbrance to an agent is notice to the principal. Under the statute of fraudulent conveyances of Ohio, which provides, that "every gift, grant, or conveyance of lands, tenements, hereditaments, &c. made or obtained with intent to defraud creditors of their just and lawful debts or damages, or to defraud or deceive the person or persons who shall purchase such lands, &c. shall be deemed utterly void, and of no effect:" Held, that a benajide pur-, chaser, without notice, could not be affected by the intent of the grantor. to defraud creditors.
*APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio.
The bill in equity filed in this cause states, that Arnold Henry Dorhman, in 1806, became indebted to the United States, in the sum of 6,615 dollars and 10 cents, for duties upon the importation of certain goods payable at the custom-house in the city of New-York. The plaintiff, Henry Astor, became

OF THE UNITED STATES.
bound with Dorhman for the payment of those du- 1819. ties; and, thereupon, Dorhm" an, to secure Astor, ex- Astor ecuted and delivered the mortage deed of the 14 h V. of August, 1806, in the bill mentioned, for the 13th Wells. township, in 7th range, then lying in Jefferson county, in the State of Ohio: and Dorhman became further indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of 2,700 dollars, to secure which, upon said township, he afterwards, on the 25th of August, 1807, executed another mortgage deed Of the same premises. Both the deeds were recorded in the county of Jefferson, on the 2d of October, 1810, and in Tuscarawas on the 21st of October, 1812, which county was erected in part from Jefferson, after the execution, and before the recording therein of said deeds. On the 26th of August, 1807, the plaintiff released to Dorhman one fourth of said township, by deed recorded in Tuscarawas county on the 9th of March, 1813. On the 24th of October, 1810, Dorhman gave the defendant Wells a deed of trust of the three fourths of said-township not released, to secure the payment of 5,000 dollars, for which the defendant Wells bad become liable for Dorhman, by endorsing his paper at the bank of Seubenville, which was recorded in Tuscarawas, the 13th of January, 1811. On the 12th of February, 1813,the defendant Wells took another deed from Dorhman for the quarter or sections which had been released, which was recorded in Tuscarawas county on the 10th of March, 1813, to secure 3,000 dollars, for farther endorsements byWells for Dorhman. The bill then charges the defendant Wells with notice of the plaintiff's deeds and

468
.1819.
%oArstom V.
wells.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
lien upon said lands, before his deeds, end&sements, any payments made by him; and that he ac-
cepted the deeds, made the endorsements, and payments,, if a ny, with knowledge, &c. ; charges a se-
cret understanding, that the released sections,. conveyed to Wells, by the last mentioned deed, were to. enu'e to Dorhman or his family; and that neither transaction between Wells and Dorhman was bona fide. Dorhman died on the 21st of February, 1813, nine days after his last deed' to Wells, who commenced a suit against the heirs Of Dorhman on the 27th of Augpst following; and obtained a decree of sale, under which he purchased the premises; all which is charged to be fraudulent. The widow and heirs of Dorhman, by their answer, admit all the deeds, and answer, generally, that they know nothing of the Other transactions. The answer of Wells admits the plaintiff's deeds ; states his own deeds to be bona fide, and denies notice and fraud. Obadiah Jennings, who was examined as a witness in the cause, testified, that he prepared the first deed to Wells, and saw it executed, but says that Dorhman employed him, and he considered himself exclusively employed by Dorhman, and not as the agent or attbrney.of Wells, in that transaction ; that it was probable he had held some conversation with Wells as to his liabilities for Dorhman, and the nature of the security to be given before Dorhman applied.to ' him to draw the deed; and that Wells sent the deed to. him in -a letter, to carry to be recorded in Tuscara'was county. Dorhman informed him that Astor's. agent had brought Astor's deeds and put them on

OF THE UNITED STATES.

469

record; and Dorhman wished to give Wells. the pre- s19. ference, and consulted him how it could be done. Astor The witness examined the record, and knew of As- · Wve.lls. tor's deeds and lien on those lands. He advised Dorhman to give Wells a deed, which, if recorded in Tusearawas, would give him the preference; but never gave Wells any information respecting Astor's deeds.

Mr. Brush, for the appellant and plaintiff, argued March U . 1. That the defendant's (Wells') deed was void under
the second section of the statute of Ohio, entitled an " act for the prevention of frauds," &c. which declares "that every gift, grant, or conveyance of lands, *tenements, hereditaments, kc. made or obtained with intent to defraud creditors of theirjust and lawful debts or damages, or to defraud or deceive the person or persons. who shall purchase such lands, -c. shall be deemed utterly 'void, and of no effect."a The bill shows Astor to be a creditor.; the answer'admits it; and Jennings proves that Dorhman informed him such was the fact. The debt bing secured, by mort_,age upon the lands in controversy only makes the fraud more palpable. Still he was and is a creditor; and it is manifest Dorhman made the deed to'Wells to. defraud Astor, his creditor. 2. The recording of Astor's deeds in Jefferson County vas notice to the defendant, Wells. During all the time given for recording, the lands lay in that county; it was therefore the proper place for recording those, deeds, and

a Rev. Laws of. Oio, 321.

470
1819.
Asttor V.
wells.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the recording afterwards must have relation to the time when and the place where they ought to have been recorded ; considering the township as part of the county for that purnose.a And the recording
ought to be considered as nunc pro tunc, yet not so as to affectany deed made and recorded prior to the making this record: and as to all subsequent, no inconvenience or injustice could be complained of, inasmuch as every purchaser would be bound to search those records for all deeds there recorded prior to the division. Using such diligence as he was bound to use, knowing the lands originally lay in that county, he would have discovered Astor's deed there recorded, before any deed made to him; and ought,, therefore, to be charged with notice. To what time does the act of assembly relate, when it says the deed shall be "recorded in the county in which such lands shall be situate ?,,b To the time of making and delivery of the deed, or to the time of recording? The latter would make the deed take effect from the recording, not from the delivery, as is the law. The case of Taylor v. M'Donald's heirs, is not analogous, as there the lands 'did not lie in the county where the deed was recorded; and the question was upon the effect of the deed at law. 3. By accepting the deed prepared by Jennings, the defendant, Wells, has made Jennings his agent by legal implication; and notice to him iq notice to his principal. Jennings acted. in the transaction; advised Dorhman how to give Wells the pre-

a Heath v. Rose, 12 Johns. Rep. 140. Vin, .Abr. tit. Relation, 288.
b Rev. 'Laws of Ohio, 318.

1 Johns. Cas. 85.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ference; prepared the deed; saw it executed, and at 1819. the request of Wells. carried it to be recorded; and Astor had some previous conversation with Wells as to his V. liabilities for Dorhman, and the nature of the seeuiity to be given. In Leneve v. Leneve,G the defendant "denied notice of the first articles and settlement till six months after the marriage ; and denied that Norton was employed as her solicitor, though she put confidence in him, because he was concerned for her husband, and recommended by him, who assured her he (Norton) would make a handsome provision for her; and Norton assured her he had taken care to .secure her an annuity of 1501. a year, and did not then, or any time before, -give her any notice of any former settlement ' Although the defendant here has not been as candid as the defendant was in that case, yet by his artful taciturnity and scanty pleading upon the most important subject, much is to be inferred against him. In the case of Jennings v. Moore,b Blincorne acted the very part Jennings has in this transaction, so far as the conduct of either is material to affect the purchaser; and so far as there, is any difference, it would seem the case at bar presents much the strongest ground of equity, to set aside the subsequent incumbrancer or purchaser. Moore had completed his purchase by paying the money; Wells had not.. Blincorne was a bona fide creditor, and had an interest in the estate of Whitlatch, the vendor, and his object was to secure an honest debt; but Wells' purchase, and the sale to him, was made to

Am~bt. 438.

b 2 Vern. 609.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. defraud and defeat a bonafide creditor. Moore was Astor charged upon the naked fact of acceptance; but in
v. this case, strong circumstances and inferences, beside Wells. that, implicate Wells. He most undoubtedly knew
the hand writing of Jennings, his friend, and was bound to inquiry; but Jennings was careful not to mention it to him in any way! So was Blincorne, and so Norton.; and the care which all have taken for the purchaser implicates him with their agency, if he will accept, they having notice, and contriving to conceal from him, is the ground of mala fides, and the foundation for the charge of notice against the purchaser. Brotherton v. Hatt,, maintains the same principle, and is called by Lord Hardwicke "a clear authority." The same scriveners were Witnesses, and engrossed all the securities' and were quasi agents for all the lenders. Not that the fact of agency was otherwise established than by the fact of accepting or receiving the securities, engrossed by the same scriveners, who had notice; the concealiment of which by them, if the law could tolerate it, would make frauds practicable, without the means of detection. In the latter case abov'e cited, it does not appear that.Mrs. Hatt, the thi'd mortgagee, had'any better knowledge who the 'scriveners were than Wells in this case. If such had been the fact, that she knew who engrossed the deed for her, and such. fact deemed important, it would have been noticed in the report.. AW *it is not mentioned'as a fact, or material, in the case of Leneve. v. Leneve, where
a $Vern.1$74.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

475

the case is cited with approbation by the. Lord Chan- 1819. cellor; but in all these cases they seem to have gone ·Astor muchupon the ground of the fraud of those third v. persons, and the danger of sanctioning such fraud, Wells. by deciding strictijuris, tfpon the mere ground of the laches of the first-purchaser in not recording his deed within the time prescribed, or not before the second deed. And although these cases profess to g9 upon the ground of an agency, yet it i§manifest such agency was presumed in eah, and that the decision rested virtually upon the fraud which was established against persons not concerned in interest, thereby fixing the sting of" disability upon the femp-, tation to commit fraud, by whatever motive prompted or encouraged. 4. The defendant, Wells, has not shown the time of his payment, nor denied notice at or before the same, and 'is, therefore, chargeable with notice before his purchase was completed.1 After notice, Wells ought to have compelled Dorhman to make payment, by applying the other quarter. township, instead of endorsing more, and securing that also, thereby taking all hope from Astor. His .Conscience was affected before the first arrangement was completed, while he had time and opportunity to save himself, and he was bound to that course, .5. The defendant has 'not denied notice indirectly by' implication, or noticeto one whom the law will consider his agent. .His answer is stiff and foriral, especially with respect to the first deed to him; care-

a Tourvikle v. Nsh, 3 P4r:e Wim. 307.
Windsor, 94tk. 63O.

VOL. IV.

69

Story vLeord,

474

CASES IN' THE SUPREME COURT

1819. ful not to say how that matter was managed; and, Aotor "Sc·onside.ring .all the circumstances of this case, it
. must be considered as a declaration that he had no actual knowledge, of Astor's deeds, not having received positive information that such were in existence, 6. Can the defendant, Wells, maintain a title, or claim the benefit of an interest, derived to him through the fraud of Dorhman and Jennings ? If he can, the doctrineand principle of many cases are overturned, and we have a new law upon the subject of frauds. What is said in Leneve v. Leneve, is quite applicable. But in a late decision, this doctrine is fully recognised in a case like the present, though with
fewer circunstanees of fraud to justify its application.b The cases cited to the third point are considered as applicable.here; th mala fides of the actors in those cases were the ground of considering them agents by
relation; the purchaser accepting his deed from pol-: luted hands, makes their acts and knowledge his own. Sir Samuel Romilly, (arguendo) in Huguenin v. Baselyc says,, "though no direct authority is produced, your Lordship, dispensing justice by the same role s your predecessors, upon such a subject, not confined within the narrow limits of precedent, will, as a newrelation appears, look into :the principles that govern the human heart, and decide in a casd far the strongest that has yet occurred upon this ground: alone, from its infinite importance to cdmmunity.".

o ./mbl. 447.
b Hildreth v' Sands, 2 Johns. Ch. Rep. 35. and the caseathere.
cited, c 14,Vu. 288.

OF THE. UNITED STATES.

,475

And the Chaincellor thereupon lays dowd the doetrine as well established, "that interests gained by the fraud of other persons, cannot be maintained." It Would be infinitely mischievous if they-could, and as there said, "-would be almost impossible ever to reach a case'of fraud." The genus, or kind of fraud, seem s not to be so much regaided as that such'
is the character of the transaction.

1819.1
Astbr
.,r.

Mr. Doddridge,contra. 1. The registry act, and whatever other-statutory regulations, each sovereign society may adopt! for the transfer of titles to real property, are. matters. of positive institution the English registry act and statute of inrolments, how-
ever, have furnished. precedents which in one way or another have been followed up ii each State; and the decisions upon them have ,been so uniform,,
as to have become quite familiar. The attempt here to impeach a deed innocently obtained, on the ground that it wasfraudulently intended by the grantor, is quite novel, -and as 8langerous as it is novel. I proceeds on- the ground that: the clause in .'-the State law:is to be expounded in the disjunctive, and that ".orr is not to be exponided so as; to mean ',and." The first, objection to this inter retation is, that it supposes the, word "made7" can be satisfied by the act of a vendor alone;:'ahd the W'ord "obtatied," in like.manner, by the single act of.the vendee, which is impossible. No deed can be. made without the asseiit of two persons, at least. Deeds take effect upon 'deliyery-;- whichis uever effected without the concurrence of the person' who receives. The second objection is, that it puts

476
1812. Astor
v.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.
to.hazard the interest of ev'ry purchaser; as.every purchaser must depend for. his security, not upon his own innocence, but upon the continual integrity of tWheevlle,.ndor:; who, if at,any time, and for any reason,
he can be brought to confess his own fraudulent intentions, in answer to a bill against him and his yendee, can ruin the latter. A third and decisive objection is, that the statute of frauds, ifi.t is susceptible of the complainant's interpretation, repeals the registry act, which is not pretended. The registry act then in force in Ohio, provided, that all deeds executed 'out of the State "should be recorded in the county in which the lands, tenements, and heredit6ments, so conveyed or affected, shall be situate, within one year after the day on.which such 'de'ed or conveyance was executed; and unless recorded in the.. wanner, and within the time aforesaid; shall be deem-
rd fraudulent against any subsequent bonafide purchaser, without knowledge of the existence of such former deed of conveyance.", Now, if the act of
lethman -iingiming his first deed to Wells- is fraudulenit as'heing made withintent to postpone Astor to him, and for that "reason.is void, then the registry. ,pct is effectually done away ; because no man, under any circumstances, can make a second sale by concealing a former one, without being guilty of as much fraud as Dorhman'at the least. His case wasa hard one; he had two creditors, one of whom must suffer, and his wishes were to piefer one of them. He soughtno benefit by this act to himself, nor .can his conduct be as censurable as'if he were selling to put money into. his own pocket. Ifthe plaintiff be right,

OF THE UNITED STATES..
.he parties toa first and second sale stand as at the com-, Isvg. mon law. 2. The doctrine of c6nstructive notice, is
. . exp . ...e t m n r dd.. .Astor r
entirely exploded. The term never did convey the true meaning of the Courts. There is something almost Wells. absurd in the idea of proceeding Upon a question of fraud by construction. The cases upon this subject only proceed upon two principles: first, actual notic;e to the party and, second, to the agent of the party. The notice arising from a suit pending; a registry or any public record, is not a matter of construction. The lis pendens, the register or record, furnish such irrresistible evidence of notice in fact, that the party is not.at liberty to.urge the contrary ; and the relief is granted on the ground of notice in fact. ,Nor is this an arbitrary rule : all men are parties to the publie proceedings of the Courts of justice, and pre, sumed to be present at them; and, also, parties to every legal registry, or other public record; what the laws require to be done, and is done acc~ording to those laws, they are, in like. manner, parties to, .and are supposed to be acquainted with ; and because the laws have provided those public documents for the security of every man, it is his fault if he sees them not,'and, therefore, he is'adjudged, to have seen them in fact. But this reason can lave no application to the proceedings of a Court not of competent jurisdiction, nor to registries anid records not made according .to law. In respect to pro6ceedings in Courts of incompetent jurisdiction, .orirregular records, they are only notice, if in fact, they have been hear4d or seen by the party, . a~s.to

478
1819'
.V, wells.'

CASES-IN THE SUPREME COURT
puithim upon inquiry.a It is believed that no decisions have been had upon this statute; hut the statutes of Kentucky and of Pennsylvania are like
that of Ohio: and in the case of Taylor v. M 'Donald's heirs;-' the Court in KentuckY dceide 'that a record *made, not in the proper county is not of itself notice. The Court gay, *" the law requires the deed shall be recorded, 'not only within the limited time, in order to be valid against a subsequent purchaser witlhout notice, but also in the, county where the land lies. This provision is obviously intended to :enablepersons to trace the legal title with the indus-
try and attention essential to a compliance with the act." Thatcase is strodger than isnecessary for our purpose ; because in that, the deed was recorded in time, but in'the wrong county 4and in ours, the party has failed in respect of both time and 'place. The case ,of_fleister'S. 'lessee v-.Furtnerc is 'an authority to the .same effect; and. also that a record made: "within the time, and within the proper county, is void,,'if made !'upon less'proof than the law requires. An illegal registry, then, is not proof of notice. Nor does :,the .doctrine of' relation apply. Alftthe casr, cited:on the stubject"of relation prove, that the adt by which a transaction: is completed has relation to the beginning; as,'for instance, the, presentation of a Copyhold, to the:.surrender but that this relation is a'iegal fiction, .6eraiing'between the parties only, and without any! effect upon third persons or their

a 8 gd.. Vend. 470., and the cases there cited.

1 2 Bibb,42O, '

' 'c2 Binney, 10.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
rights. But the use made of this fiction, whereby an illegal registry is made so to relate·, either to.the date of the execution, or' proper time of registering a deed, as to affect the estate of a third person, -is an invention of such modern date, as to have acquired, as yet, very little authority in this country. If the obvious policy of the law, and the authority of the decisions re-. ferred to, aresatisfactory, then the case 6f .Wells is the very strongest that can be imagined. Suppose he had gone to the registry to look for the record of any conveyance of the'lands in question, who could suppose he would examine the entries upon it after the date of the separation of the' counties, for a conveyance of lands in Tuscarawas ? 3. Itis said that Wells does not show himself to be a complete purchaser without, notice, because he had not made ful payment. The law is admitted to be as stated in respect of a purchase and sale; but the reason given for it has no aplilication here. The reason is, that when the seCond- purchaser receives notice of the first he should stay his hand-rfuse a deed, or Withhold payment; and because this is in his power, it is his moral duty to do it. But in the case of Wells it was otherwise: he was already accountable toithe bank for the whole' amount. This point has been determined in a case of precisely the same nature as to a bank endorsement. a The tule,- that. notice to an agent is notice to his principal, arid, consequently, his fraud affects his principal as much as if committed by himself, is not disputed. But the rule is explained and qualified,

479
1819.
Ator
'.

a Lyle v. JDucomb, 5 Binney, 585.

M80

CASES. IN THE SUPREME COURT

igio. in, order to, give security to the party affected by it. ·Astor The agent must be einployetd: hb.y thage pn airs ty-oitn tuhfie
,. .same transaction. Notice to the agent is not suficient, unless acquiried by him, in the course of the transaction in which he .is employed ; inotice othetwise acquired will not affect his principal A general agency is not sufficient: it must be in the particular case; and the employment must be to purchase, or to make or treat of terms-not merely to draw a deed. If the agent is employed by one of the parties, no-' tice to him, shall affect that Party only ; where both employ him, his fraud shall attachto both.0 And it is only.necessary to deny the agency, and all circumstances from which fraud may be inferred, where those matters are charged in the bill.'. The propriety
of the application of the general rule as to agents, in the cases of Brotherton v. Hatt,c Jennings v. Moore,' Leneve v. Leneve, has been questioned. In each of these cases, the fact of agency is charged with all -the circumstances of the transaction, from which that fact could be inferred. As those three. cases contain nearly. the whole' law upon' the subject of notice to an agent, it is only necessary to sho'W, that neither 'of them furnish a precedentto affect Wells. In! Leneve and Leneve, the agent was d fendant, and he denied. his agency, and admitted notice. The other only denied'notice to herself; and ' the ground of decision is, that sheadmitsenough,ig:

'a Lowther v. Cirlton,.2 Atk.- 13. Warwiok.i Warwick,

'3 ik. 291. 294.

b Newman v. Wallace, 2 Bro. Ch. i43.

c 2 Vernon; 574. " d /b. 609.

e 2 4mb. 436.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

441

'her answer to make Norton her agent. In Jennings 2819.

v. Moore, one person was tre·a.tin·g of a purchase, f'or Astor

himself, and d.u. ring.. the transaction received notice.; and perfected the contract in the name of a third

W e ll s.

person, who accepted of it without notice. The au-

thority of this decision has been doubted, but with

very little reason. In Brotherton v. Hatt, the agents

were scriveners. They kept an office, and their pro-

fession was to drive bargains; effect loans, and perfect'

securities. The Court adjudge them to be agents,

and that notice to them was notice to their princi-

pals; not because one of the parties had consulted

them, and procured them merely to write a deed which

another accepted. By the term " scrivener," some-

thing more is meant than a conveyancer. The reason

for the decision is, that all the loans were effected by -

them, at their office, and all the securities also ; and

4from the nature of their employment, the Court de-

cided them to be the agents of each party in effecting

the loans and the securities; but whether the Court

decided these facts upon proper testimony or not, is

immaterial. The, principle is,- that notice to him who

is employed by both parties, to effect a loan, and pre-

pare a security, is notice to both parties. The -rela-

tion of agent and principal, cannot exist without the

consent of the principal. In every case cited, and in

all others, the fraud is charged, as it happened, either

to the principal: or his agent, and in the latter case

the agent is made a defendant. Agency or not, is a

fact which, if stated and denied, must, like every

other fact, be proved. In our case, all that is charged

is denied, and no part of it is proved.

'VOL. IV.

61

.482

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

Mr. Brush, in reply, insisted, that the construction
A stor of the act of fraudulent conveyances, contended for 1. on the part of the defendants, could not be supported. Wells. It was undoubtedly competent for the legislature to

say, such instruments should be void for fraud, whether the donee or grantee be party in the fraud or not, and they have so said. Taking the entire section to-
gether, it is sensible only as it reads ; but by altering "or" to "and ," a new meaning is interpolated. The rule upon the subject is, that such construction shall be given, as will give effect to every word, if possible, that'none may have been employed t6 no purpose. The construction, moreover, is arbitrary; contrary to a very plain text; substituting one word for another, in a law which is neither ambiguous-nor doubtful ; not -for the purpose of suppressing fraud, and advancing the remedies, but for the purpose of restraining the operation of'a remedial act.- A deed void for fraud, is not protected by the registry act, which relates only to purchasers, and never was intended to affect creditors. It has never received such a construction in the State, or elsewhere, nor' will the language war'rant it. Speaking of the deed of a prior purchaser, it says, '" unless recorded in the manner, and within the time aforesaid, shall be deemed fraudulent against any subsequent bona fide purchaser, without knowledge of the existence of such former deed of conveyance." There cannot be a subsequent purchaser, unless there had been a former one. Besides, the registry act was passed in 1806. The statute Of 'Yauds and perjuries, protecting creditors against the fiaus of their debtors, in 1810, five years afterwards;

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and must be considered' as repealing so much of 'the former act as comes within its provisions. If it did affect creditors in -any way, quo.a.d.hoc.it is.repeal'ed."; leaving it to operate as between purchasers, upon a first and'second sale, the first not a creditor. Another pretension set up for Wells is, that he also is, or was, a creditor, and that Dorhman might prefer which he would. If this be so, that provision in favour of creditors in the statute of frauds is defeated, as it would be in the power of a debtor to evade it at pleasure. If it be law, which we feel no disposition to controvert, that in some cases, a debtor may give one creditor a preference overanother, yet this privilege no longer remained with Dorhman. He had exercised it. He had made his election to give Astorthe preference, by conveying the lands to hi4m, as itwas competent for him to do, most assuredly, when it does not appear that at that time, he owed any one else. This privilege must be exercised fairly,by giving thatwhich is his own, not that which belongs to another, and which he may happen to hold in trust for that other. There is no law which authorizes a trustee thus to give away the trust estate, by advancing or preferring one creditor to another. But Wells, at that time, did not stand in the relation of creditor to Dorhman. He had endorsed, but it does not appear he had paid any money, or thqt there would have been any necessity for him to pay, if, after express notice,,he had not extended his endorsements, and involved the whole of Dorhman's estate, as if with the design which Dorhman had already manifested, of cutting Astor off

i819: Wvell.s .

484

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. %
Astor
V.

altogether. As is said in, Tourville v.,Naish,i hs should have filed his bill quia-timet against Dorhman,
and pursued his remedy upon the other quarter township, released by Astor, and whaiever other'property c4iuld'be found. There is'nothing inthe casei.,which shows that Dorhman had recei-ved tiel whole 5,000 dollars, before notice to Wells, nor what part he had received. It lies upon Wells to make this appear clearly, for if any part remained unpaid, it might have been:stopped, and the payment enjoined. It is said, "if the plaintiff be right, parties to a first and second sale, stand as at common law." But ,this is not a
case merely between purchasers at a first and second
sale. To thispoint, the plaintiff is considered acreditor ; and it stands as a case between a creditor and purchaser of the debtor. At common law, such a conveyance would be avoided. The statute of Elizabeth is in aid of the common law, extending the ,remedy to subsequent creditors, superadding the .sanction of penalties. It declares " deeds made in fraud of creditors void." And although it inflicts. penalties, still, in England, it is viewed as remedial,
nmade against frauds, for the public good, and to be taken by equity."' Even if the doctrine of constructive notice were admitted to be no longer a rule' of equity, Still this admission would only raise a ,dispute. upon an abstract proposition; whether the notice we rely on be actual or constructive? It is, therefore, a disagreement, as to the name.

a 3 Peere Wins. 307. 6 5 Co. Rep. a. Gooch's case, I Fonbl. Eq. 270. 282.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Under what denomination have the law, writers classed it ? is the-question. If actual, then we say Wells had actual notice. If constructive, then he had only_ constructive notice. We have only to show Wells had such notice as the law charges him with, to avoid the danger of sanctioning fraud, and to close the avenues of injustice, and fraudulent speculation. According to the opposite argument, a suit pending, or a register of a deed, are notice in fact. They are. facts of record, and notice to all persons in the same community; but we must be permitted to disbelieve that every person has seen them in fact, and, therefore, knows what they contain. Yet every person is bound by this knowledge, because they are made public, and accessible to all : constructive knowledge or notice, being by the law charged upon the party,
because he might have known the law having done its part by makingsuch public record, and declaring all persons bound by it, whether they know it or not. It is a well established principle, that the defendant must unequivocally deny alfnotice, even though it be not charged, and every 'ict and circumstance from which it caii be inferred, in order to be considered a bonafidepurchaser.o This the defendant, Wells, has ffdt donb. The case of Taylor v. M'Donald's heirs,' is not analogeus; as there the lands never were included in the county where the deed was recorded; and the question was upon the effect of the deed at. law.

485
1819.
Astor
v.
Wells.

a Frost v. Beekman, I Johns. Ch. Rep. 302. Frost -T., Beekman, lb. 566. Alurray v. Finster, 2 Johns. Ch. Rep.. 155.
b 2 Bibb, 420.

6CASES IN THE SUPREME -COURT

1819.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion ,.ofthe

A

Court. The questions in this case are partly-of law,

Wells. partly-of fact. The bill charges the defendant with express notice of the complainant's previous' mort-
,farck I0tA. gage, and with holding ,the land purchased under a

secret trust for the legal representatives of Dorhman, the mortgagor. Both these facts the answer de,hies; and as there is no evidence to sustain them,.they must be put out of tie case.

The bill then proposes to affect the defendant, Wells, with constructive notice; and if it fails there, then to set aside the deed to Wells as absolutely void under the express provision of a law of the State of Ohio.
Obadiah Jennings, who drew the mortgage from Dorhman to Wells, was fully apprised of the existence of Astor's mortgage, and acted in conceit with
Dorhman expressly to defeat Asior's prior lien, and give precedence to Wells. The advantage of which they proposed to avail themselves for this purpose, was a supposed- mistake committed by Astor as to the legal office for recording his deed. The land was originally comprised within the limits of Jefferson county. But before the recording of the deed, the county of Tuscarawas was taken off from Jefferson, and the land lay in that part of Jefferson which thus became Tuscarawas county. The law of Ohio requires that the recording shall take place in The recorA-the County in which the land lies. dseodcoiunnJtyeffdeird- The first qqueesttioon is, was this a legaal recording un7
not preservie t
itts,leogral gpivrieori- der the laws of Ohio, so as to preserve the priority equtyre- Which dates gave to Astor ? The office of Jefferson
constructive. Vtotice.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

county was the legal office at the time of executing ia.

the deed: did it continue to be so at the time of re-

cording it ? This can only be decided by consider- V. ing the object *ofthe law.' It was to give notice to Wells.

subsequent, purchasers-to place at their command

the means of investigation, to which, if they did not

resort, they had only to blame their own indolence

or folly. But no one in search of such information

respecting lands situate in 'uscarawas county, would

be expected to search the records of Jefferson subse-

quent to the. date of the separation. He would na-

turally refer to the records of the new county to its

origin, and from that time pursue his inquiries among,

the records of the county in which it was originally

comprised. And, therefore, we are of opinion, that

the recording of Astor's deed was not sufficient,

either to preserve its legal priority, or give it the equi-

ty resulting from constructive notice.

But it is contended, that Jennings was the mu-tual agNeoti,cisnoticser,

agent of both mortgagor and mortgiigee in the crea- Zo thtrincl.
pal; but in thi,
tion of Wells' mortgage, and, therefore, th·e notice to thaaat -nJoe.nnpirnogos

Jennings was notice to Wells. Here, again, the com- wofasthtehedfanedot.

plainant's case is unsupported by the evidence. On ant, Wells.

the law there could be no doubt, if the facts were

such as the complainant contends. But it is posi-

tively denied both by Wells and Jennings; and if

Jennings was the agent of Dorhman only, his know-

ledge could produce no other effect on the rightsZoD f

The'deed
Th-de~dto

Wells than if it had been"Wceollsn, cealed in the breast of the d-feadanatl,-

Dorhman. And this leads to the final question in the tthoo"udgehfraumdaade

case. As the deed really was "made" to defraud cmreaddietotro,abebionnga

Astor, does that circumstance alone, under the laws wipurchaser
was vaid.

488

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. of Ohio, destroy its validity, without reference to the M'A'rtthur knowledge or connivance of the mortgbagee. And
v. this again must be decided by referring to the object Browder. of the law. The words of the statute would lite-

rally embrace th& case. But who are the objects of the law ? Not creditors only, but subsequent purchasers. And to give it such a construction as would expose a bona fina purchaser without notice to imposition, in order to protect creditors, could never comport with the intent of the law.
Upon the whole, we are of opinion, that there is no error in the decree below, and that the same be
affirmed, with costs. Decree affirmed, with costs.

(LOCAL LAW.)
M'ARTHUR v. BROWDER.
The rule which prevails in Kentucky and Ohio, as to land titles, is, that, at law, the patent is the foundation of title, and neither party can bring his entry. before the Court: tut a junior patentee, claiming under an elder entry, may, in Chancery, support his equitable title.
A description which will identify the lands is all that is necessary to 'the validity of a grant: but the law requires that an entry should be made withsuch certainty, that subsequent purchasers may be. enabled to locate the adjacent residuum. An entry for 1,000 acres of land in Ohio, on Deer creek," beginning. where the upper line of Ralph Morgan's entry crosses the creek,.
running with Morgan's line on each side of the creek 400 poles,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
commissioners, and filed his cross interrogatories, to be propounded to the witnesses. The commission was executed by the commissioners so named, and the witnesses were regularly examined, as well on the cross interrogatories, as on those in chief.
After such unequivocal evidence of consent to the 'issuing of the commission, it is not competent to the plaintiff's counsel to object, that- it issued improvidently, or that the rule was improperly obtained.
It is to be certified to the Circuit Court for the district of Delaware, that the depositions taken under the commission, referred- to in the transcript of the record sent to this Court, dated the 31st day of October, 1817, ought to be given in evidence to the jury, upon the trial of the cause in which they were taken.

513
18.19.,
'. Bo,y'd V.
Graves.

Certificate accordingly.

(COMMON LAW.)
I30YD's Lessee v. GRAVES et at.

An agreement, by parol, between too proprietors of adjoining lands, to
employ a surveyor to run the dividing line between them, and that it should be thus ascertained and settled, which was executed, and the line accordingly run and marked on a plat by the surveyor, in their presence, as the boundary, held to be conclusive in an action of ejectment, after a correspondent possession of 20 years by the parties, and those claiming under them respectively. Such an agreement is not-within the statute of frauds, as being a contract for the sale of lands, orany interest in or concerning them.

VOL. IV.

66

514
1819. Boyd G.

CASES IN ,THE SUPREME COURT
Mr. Justice DUVALL delivered the opinion of the
Court.
BoAydn aagcatiionnst othfeejdeecftmenednatntws,as brought by Andrew in the Circuit Court for
the District of Kentucky, on the 25th of November, 1814, for 2,000 acres of land in Fayette County, on the waters of Elkhorn creek. The patent bears date on the 3d of December, 1789, and was granted to Andrew Boyd, pursuant to a survey made, the 14th of July, 1774, on a warrant issued under the royal proclamation of 1763. This tract of land is contained
within the courses and distances following: beginning at a buckeye and ash corner to John Carter's land, and in a line of William Phillips's land, and with the same southwest 374 poles, crossing a small branch to a hoopwood and sugar tree, and leaving said line S. .E. 860 poles, crossing a branch to an elm and buckeye N. E. 374 poles, crossing a branch to a sugar tree and buckeye, thence N. W. 860 poles to the beginning.
The defendants claimed title under a patent granted to Elijah Craig, on the 7th of November, 1779, for 2,000 acres, on a warrant to John Carter, heir at law of. Thomas Carter, in consideration of military services. The warrant was assigned to Craig. The courses and distances are the following: beginning at three large hoopwoods growing from one root, corner to William Phillips's land, and with a line thereof S. W. 374 poles, crossing two branches to a. buckeye and ash on the bank, S. E. 860 poles, crossing a small creek to a sugar tree and buckeye, N. E. 374 poles, crossing three branches to an ash, hickory,

OF THE UNITED STATES. .
mulberry, and. hoopwood, N. W. 860 poles to the first station.
These two tracts are adjacent to, and bind on each other. 'It is obvious that they were intended to present rectangular figures, and to contain equal quantities; but by satisfying the calls; the figures are irregular, and do not contain equal quantities.
The plaintiff in the Court below locates his preten-
sions on the plat returned in the cause, beginning at. A, then to K,to L, toD, and to the beginning. And he locates Craig's patentbeginning at A, then to B, to C, to D, and to the' beginning. The defendants locate it, beginning at A, then to B, to C, to E, and to the beginning.. The land contained in the triangle A E D is the land in dispute.
The defendants, to support their location, offered evidence to prove, that the dividing line between Boyd and Craig being unascertained, the parties, by agreement, had it surveyed, for the purpose of establishing and settling the line between them ; that, in the year 1793, it was run, in their presence, from A to E, as distinguished on the plat, and that it was mi~tually agreed to establish the corner at E, where a boundary was marked, by consent, E C and A B, ahd that the line from A to E should be the dividing line between them, and that possession had been since held accordingly. They also offered in evidence, a deed. from Boyd and wife to William Hanback, bearing date the 14th of December,"1793, fbr 100 acres, part of the land granted td Boyd, beginning at the cornerat E beforementioned, and binding on the line A E, regarding it as tho dividing

616
,fi*.
Bo.yd
Graves.

516
1819. Boyd
V. Graves.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
line between Boyd and Craig; also a deed from SElijah Craig to John Whitesides, dated 12th of May,
1794, for 72 acres, part of Craig's patent, bounding also on the' line A E as the dividing line between
Boyd and Craig: and that all the other defendants, as purchasers, under Craig, held to the said line A E.
The defendants Counsel then moved the Court to instruct the jury, that if they found from the evidence, that, owing to the uncertainty of the line of said Boyd and Carter's military surveys, that the said Boyd and Elijah Craig, by mutual consent, surveyed and located their respective patents by making the line from A to E, and marking the corner at E, with the intent, '(at the time,) positively expressed-'to settle and ascertain the true boundary
ind dividing line between the tracts respectively, claimed by them under their patents, and that the said 'line has been acquiesced in by the said parties, and possession held and taken accordingly, for more than 20 years before, the commencement of this action, that they ought to find for the defendants : which instruction the Court gave, and to this opinion of the Court, the plaintiff, by his counsel, excepted; and the record of the proceedings was-,.removed, by writ of error, to this Court, for 'their
decision. At the trial in the Court below, several other ques-
tions were propounded, and decided by the Court, and to which exceptions were taken, which it is not, rmterial to notice here, because, the decision of this Court on the questibn stated, will decide the controversy between the parties.

-OF THE UNITED STATES.

517.

It appears, that in the year 1793, more than twenty years before the commencement of this action of ejectment, Boyd and Craig employed a surveyor to run the dividing line between them, and-they mutually agreed, that it should be thus ascertained and settled. It was, accordingly,: run as described, on the plat from A to E, and the corner at E was marked in their presence as the boundary between them. That possession has been held by each, and those claiming under them respectively, from that time to the present; and that each has sold parcels of land, bounding them on the line A E thus agreed on, regarding it as the established line between them. Hence, tile question arise.s, whether the agreement made in 1793, although by parol, accompanied by correspondent possession for more than 20 yars, is, or is not, conclusive against the plaintiff's right of recovery in this action ?
This Court cannot consider the agreement of the parties, although by parol, to settle the dividing line between them by a surveyor, mutually employed, as affected by the statute of frauds, as is contended by the counsel for the plaintiff. It is not a contract for 'the sale or conveyance of lands. It has "noingredient of such a contract. There is no quid pro quo: and the Court do not consider it as a conveyance of title from one person to another. It was merely a subiiission of a matter of fact, to ascertain where the line would run on actual survey, beginning at a place admitted and acknowledged by the parties to be a boundary, where the line must begin. The possession subsequently held, and the acts of the parties

p819.
Boyd
GrYav.es.

518

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. DarOtmouth
College
Woodward.

evidenced by their respective sales of parcels of the land held by each, under his patent, bounding on the agreed line, amount to a full and complete recogni-
tion of it; and in the opinion of this Court, precludes the plaintiff, afier such a lapse of time, from denying it to be the dividing line between him and the defendants; and neither ought now to be permitted to disturb the possession of the other, under a pretence that the line was not correctly run.
Judgment affirmed.

(CONSTITUTIONAL LAW.)
The TRUSTEES OF DARTMOUTH COLLEGE V. WOOD-
WARD.
The charter granted by the British crown to the trustees of Dartmouth College, in New-Hampshire, in the year 1769, is a contract within the meaning of that clause of the constitution of the United States, (art. 1. s. 10.) which declares that no. State shall make any law impairing the obligation of contracts. The charterj' was not dissolved by the revolution.
An act of the State legislature of New-Hampshire, altering the chatter, without the consent of the corporation, in a material respect, is an act impairing the obligation of the charter, and is unconstitutional and void.
Under its charter, Dartmouth College was a private and not a public corporation. That a corporation is established for purposes of general charity, or for education generally, does not, per s , make it a public corporation, liable to the control of the legislature.
ERROR to the Superior Court of the State of New-Hampshire.
This was an action of trover brought in the State Couirt, in which the plaintiffs in error declared for

OF THE UNITED STATES.
(COMMO N-LAW

5o3
1819. Wheaton
v, Sexton.

WHEATO$q V. SEXTON'S Lessee.

A sale, under a fa., duly issued, is legal as respects the purchaser, proyided the writ be levied upon the property before the return day, although' the sale be made after the return day, and the writ be never actually returned.
A deed, made upon a valuable and'adequate consideration, which is actually paid, and the change of property is bona.fide, or such as it purports to be, cannot be, considered as a conveyance to defraud creditors.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
This was an action of ejectment brought in the Court below by the defendant in error, Sexton, against the plaintiff in error, Wheaton, to recover the possession of a parcel of ground, in the city of Washington, being lot number 17, in square 254, containing 8254 3-4 square feet, with the buildings thereon. At the trial, the plaintiff produced and read in .evidence to the jury, a deed of bargain and sale of the premises from John P. Van Ness and wife, and C. Stephenson, to Sally Wheaton, the wife of the defendant in ejectment ;and a deed from one Watterston to the same, of the same premises; a writ offi.fa. against the goods, chattels, lands and tenements of the defendant, issued from the Court below upon a judgment obtained by Sexton, against Wheaton, with a return thereon by the Marshal: 'December tho30th, 1815, sold the real property

504

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. Wheaton
SexVto.n.

in square 254, to Francis F. Key, esq. for three
hundred dollars; sales of real property in square 253, countermanded by said Key; sold personal property," &c. The writ was never actually returned, but for the first time produced by the Marshal in Court, at the trial of this cause, The sale took place after the return day mentioned in the writ. The plaintiff also produced and read in evidence a deed from the Marshal to the plaintiff in ejectment, dated 30th May, 1816, he having been the highest bidder, .by Key his attorney, The defendant's counsel prayed the Court to instruct the jury, that the lessor of the plaintiff could not recover. The Court refused to give such instruction, but instructed the jury, that if they should be of opinion, from the evi-
dence thatthe writ of f. fa. was levied by theMar-
shal, upon the property in question, before the return .day of the w'it, it was lawful for him to sell the same under and by virtue of said writ, and that the facts respecting the said sale might be proved by parol. To which instruction the defendant excepted. ,The defendant, toshow the legal title of the preAnises to be in :one E.B. Caldwell, and not in the lessor of the plaintiff, gave, in evidence a deed from the defendant in ejectment to said E. B. Caldwell, made and executed ionthe 23d of December, 1811, conveying the premises to the said E. B. C., reciting the deeds from Van Ness, &c.and that it was under-
'stoodat the time of 'making those deeds, that the property should be absolutely: for the sole use of 'said Sally Wheaton, &c.; but, it had been. apprehended Sand, suggested that the said Joseph Wheaton might

OF THE UNITED STATES..
have a life estate therein to carry into effect the ori,inal intent of the conveyances, and for the consideration of five dollars, paid to him by E. B. Caldwell, the said Joseph Wheaton conveys to him all his right, title, and interest, in trust for the use of said Sally Wheaton., Whereupon the Court instructed the jury, that if the jury should be of opinion, from the evidence,* that the said deed was made by the said J. W. without a valuable consideration therefor, oR was made by him with intent to' defeat - and delay, or defraud his creditor, the said Sextoni of his debt aforesaid,then the said deed was void in law as to the said.;Sexton: to which the defendant excepted. The jury found a verdict, and the Court rendered a judgment for the lessor of the plaintiff. The cause was then brought to this Court by writ of error.'
The cause was submitted without argument.

505
1819.
We'
V. Soito .

Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the March 12h. Court.
bThe suit below was ejectment, and the defendant in this Court recovered under a title derived from a' sale by the marshal of this District. The mar-. shal's deed conveys the life estate of Wheaton in the lands in question. And the plaintiff below proved the title in the defendant's wife, Under conveyances executed after marriage.
The defence set up was a conveyance executed by Wheaton, to a trustee, for the sole and-separate use of his wife, and her heirs, and' the deed purports to have been executed in consideration of, and to carry into

VOL. IV.

' 64

506

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
Wheatou
v. Sexton.

effect, an -original intention in the parties, that the

S~conveyances

to his wife should enure to the'same

uses, although the conveyances in law operate otherwise. But ther6 is no other evidence of this fact

than what is contained inthe deed, and it was executed but two days before the judgment. At the trial,.two bills of -exception were taken ; the first of which brings up the question, whether a Sale by the
marshal, after, the return day of the: writ, was legal. The Court charged that it was, provided the levy was made betbre the return 'day. And on this point the Court can only express its surprise that any doutbt could he entertained. TheCourt below .were unquestionably right in this iistruction. The ,purchaser depends on the judgment, the levy, and the deed. 'All other questions ar .between the parties to the judgment and the marshal. Whether the marshal -sells before or after the return- whether he makes a correct return, or any return at at], to the writ, is immaterial to the purchaser, provided the writ was duly issued, and the levy made before the
return.
,The second bill of exceptionLbrings up the question, whether 'the deed, to Caldwell, in trust for Mrs. Wheaton,,was noi fraudulent and v~iid as againt creditors. In ordinary cases, a voluntary conveyance of a man'to the use of his wife, when circumstanmed as Wheaton was, would unquestionably be Void. But it is contended, that, in -this instance, a Court' of Equity would' have decreed! Wheatoqto make the conveyance he: did execute, and, therefbre, it was not a' voluntary. conveyance. That there ,ae cases 'in

OF -THE UNITED STATES.

6i07

which the Court would lend its aid to protect the acquisitions of a wife frQnm the creditors of a busband, may well be admitted ; but on this case it is enough to observe, that if the husband may, upon his own recital, make out such a case there wotutld no longer exist any difficulty in evadiiig the rights of creditors. Yet this Court is not satisfied that the Court below has given an instruction that comports
with the law of the case. The instruction of the Court, given on motion of
the plaintiff below, is, that the deed was void in law, " if it was made by the said Joseph Wheato:t vith-
out a valuable consideration therefor, or was made by him with intent to defeat, delay, or defraud his creditors'." Had the conjunction and been substituted in this instruction for or, it would have been entirely unimpeachable; but as it now reads, it must mean, that even had a valuable consideration been paid, if the ndeed was made with intent to defeat creditors, it was void. We know of no law which avoids a deed where a valuable (by which, to a general intent, must also be understood adequate) consideration is paid, and the change of property be bona fide, or such as it professes to be. Of such a contract it cannot be predicated that it is with intent to defeai or defraud creditors, since, although the property itself no longer remains subject 'to the judg-
ment, a substitute is furnished by which that judgment may be satisfied. Nor is it an.y impeachment of such a deed that it is made to the use of the family of the maker. The trustee, in that case, becomes the benefactor, and not the husband. It is

1819 W keaton sexton.

,.08

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1s19. -
BBiddd.le.-

not a-provision made by him for his family, but by ·another.
Although, from, any thing that appears in this cause, this Court can see no ground on which the jury could have found otherwise than they did, yet if the .instruction was erroneous, and to the prejudice of the defendant below, as this Court cannot estimate its influence on the minds of the jury, the judgment must be reversed.

Judgment reversed.

(PRACTICE.)
SERGEANT's Lessee v. BIDDLE et a.
Dipositions, taken according to the proviso in the 30th sec. of the Judiciary act of 1'189, c. 20., under a dedimuspote tiem, "according to common usage, when it may be necessary to prevent a failure or delay of justice," are under no circumstances to be considered as taken.de Uene ease, whether the witnesses reside beyond the process of the Court or within it; the provisions of the act relative to depositions de bene esase. being confined to those taken under the enacting part of the section.
Marh.9a. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Martin and Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, for the plaintiff, and by Mr. Hopkinson and Mr. Sergeant, for- the defendants. The facts are fully stated in the opinion of the Court.
omarch 1h. Mr. Justice WASHINGTON delivered theopinion of the Court.

246. -
1819. kp
U. States
v. Rice.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
section of the act of March 3d, 1801. By the former section, the Courts of the district are vested ge-
nerally with jurisdiction of all causes in law and equity ; and, by the latter, the clerks of the Circuit
Court are required to perform all the services then performed by the clerks of the counties of the State of Maryland. Among those services' is that of instituting a judicial proceeding in favour of this bank, and the return of that process is required to be to the Court with which such clerk is connected. That Court has jurisdiction of all cases in law arising in this district, and thus the suit is instituted by the proper officer, by writ returnable to a Court having a jurisdiction communicated by terms which admit of no exception.
Upon the whole, we are -of opinion that the law is constitutional, and the jurisdiction vested in the Courts of the district; and, therefore, that the judgment must be reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings.
Judgment. reversed.

(COMMON LAW.>
The UNITED STATES V, RICE.
By the conquest and military occupation of a portion of the terrritory of the United States by a public enemy, that portion is to be deemed.a foreign country, so far as respects our revenue laws.
Goods imported into it, are not imported into the United States; and ar0 subject to such duties only as the conqueror may impose.,.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

247

The subsequent evacuation of the conquered territory by the enemy, and resumption of authoity by the United St:tes, cannot change the character of past transactions. The jus postliminii does not apply to the case; and, goods prei oudy importea do notbecome liable to pay duties'tq the United States, by the resumption of their-
sovereignty over the conquered territory.

1819.
U. States V.
Rice.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Massachusetts. This was an action of debt, brought by the United States against the defendant, upon a bond -forthe penal sum of 15,000 dollars, dated the 17th of April, 1816, with the following condition: The condition .of this · obligation is such, that if the above bounden Henry, Rufus, and David, or either of them, or either of their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall and do, on or before the 17th day of October next, well and truly pay, or cause to be paid, unto the collector of the customs for the district of Penobscot,"for the time being, the sum of 7,500 dollars, or the amount of the duties to be ascertained as due and arising on certain goods, wares, and merchandises,.entered by the above bounden Henry Rice, as imported-into Castine, during its occupation by the British troops, as per entry dated this date, then the above obligation to be void, otherwise to remain in full force and virtue. Oyer of the cont'ition being had, the defendant pleaded as follows: That before the time of the making of the supposed writing obligatory, to wit, on the 18th of June, in the year of our Lord 1812, war was declared by the Congress of the said United States, to exist between the united kingdom of Great Britain. and Ireland, and the dependencies thereof,. and the said United States and their territo-

248

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURIT

[819. ties, and war and open hostilities existed, and wert

'U. States'carried

on between the said United States and the

v. said united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Rice. and the dependencies thereof, from the said 18th of

June, until the 17th of February, in the year of our Lord 1815, on which said last-mentioned day, a treaty of peace and amity between the said United
States and the king of the said united kingdom, was accepted, ratified, and confirmed. And the said Henry: farther says, that during the continuance of such war and hostilities as aforesaid, and before the

making of the said supposed writing obligatory, to

wit, on the 1st of September, in the year of our Lord
1814, the said king of the said united kingdom, in prosecution of said war against the said United Statesi
did, with a naval and military force, and in a hostile manner,' attack, subdue, capture, and take possession of the town and harbour of Castinie, situated in the
District of Maine, and continued to hold the excluive and undisturbed possession of the same by a naval and military force, and in a hostile manner, and secured his said possession by muniments and miliitaryworks, and had, and exercised the exclusive control and government thereof, from the day last afore-' said, continually,, until the said ratification of the treaty aforesaid. And immediately after the capture of said town and harbpur, and before the importation of -the goods and merchandises in the condition of said. writing mentioned, the said king of the said united kingdom caused a custom -house, or excise office, to be established at said Castine. and appointed a eollector of the customs there, who thereupon entered

OF THE UNITED STATES.

249

upon the discharge of the duties of his. said office, isig. and so continued to exercise the powers and dis- U. States charge the duties of said office during all the time that V. the said town and harbour were soopossesed as afore- Rico. said, by the military and naval forces of the said kingAnd the said Henry further says, that afterwards, and while the said town and harbour were so held and possessed by the military and naval forces aforesaid, and were under the control and government of the said king, to wit, on the I st of January, in the year of our Lord 1815, the goods and merchandises in the condition of said supposed writing obligatory mentioned, were purchased by Thomas Adams,,Samud Upton, and Greenleaf Porter, who were then and there merchants, resident and domiciled in said Castine, and there trading under the name and firm of Upton & Adams, having been citizens of said United States, resident in Castine, and there trading under said firm, before and at the time of said occupation, and still continuing to reside and trade in said Castine, and said goods were imported into the said town of Castine, by them the said Thomas, Samuel, and Greenleaf, and were by them duly entered in the. custom house, or excise office, so established as aforesaid in said Castine, and the duties thereon were paid to said collector, so appointed. as last aforesaid. And the said Henry further says, that at the time of the purchase and importation aforesaid, and during all the time that the said town and harbour were so held and possessed, as aforesaid, the said Thomas, Samuel, and Greenleaf, were inhabitants of the said town of Castine, and domiciled, and carrying on

VoL.. IV.

32

.250

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
U. States
u.a, .
Rice.

commerce in said town,,under the protection, government, and authority of the said king. And the said Henry further avers, that after the said goods and merchandises were so imported as aforesaid, after the

entry thereof with the collector of the district of Penobscot,' as hereinafter mentioned, and the making and executing of the said supposed writing obligatory, to wit, on the 127th of April, in the year of our Lord 1815, in pursuance of the said treaty so made and ratified as aforesaid, the said town of Castine was evacuated by the troops and forces of said king, and possession thereof was taken by the said United States. And he further avers, that after the ratification of the treaty aforesaid, and after hostilities had ceased between the said United States and the said united kingdom nd its dependencies, to wit, on the 15th day of April, in the year of our Lord, 1815, at
Castine, to wit, at said Boston, the said Thomas, Samuel, and Greenleaf, for a valuable consideration, then and there paid to them by the said Henry, bargained, sold, -and delivered to him, the said Henry, the goods and merchandises aforesaid, in the condition of said supposed writing obligatory mentioned, the same being then in said Castine. And he further avers, that after the making and ratification of the treaty aforesaid, and after the bargain, sale, and delivery aforesaid, to wit, on the 17th of April, in.jhe year last aforesaid, at Castine, to wit, at said Boston, Josiah Hook, then and ever since collector of the customs of the said United States for the district of
Penobscot, in which said district the said town of Castine is contained, acting under colour of the an-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

thority of the said United States, and of his said 1819.

office of collector, demanded and required of the said Henry, to enter the said goods and merchandises with him at his office in said Castine, and to pay, or to se'-

U". "St-ates.
V.
Rice,

cure to the said United States, the same duties there--

on, as though they had. been imported into the said.

United States, from a foreign port or place, on the.

said last-mentioned day, in a ship or vessel not of

the United States, and then and there threatened to.

seize and detain said goods and merchandises, and,

thereby to deprive the said Henry of all use an& be-

*nefit thereof, unless he would immediately pay or se-

cure to the United States such duties thereon as

aforesaid. Whereupon, to prevent the seizure and

detention of said goods and merchandises by. said.

collector, and the losses and damages that would

have ensued thereon, and that he, the said Henry,

might, without any lawful interruption, or molesta-

tion by said Collector, retain and .dispose of said

goods and merchandises, for his use and bene-

fit, he, the said Henry, then and there entered the.

said goods and merchandises with the said col-

lector, in the said custom house at Castine, and in

pursuance of the demand and requirement aforesaid,

of said collector, sealed and delivered- the' said sup-

posed writing obligatory, with said condition annex-*

ed, to said collector. And the said Henry avers, that

the goods and merchandises mentioned in the said

conditionare the same which were imported into the

said port and town of Castine, while the said port

and town wpre in the possession, and under the con-

trol and government of the said king, and which were

252

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

iei,. entered at the said custom house there, and not other
Sor different. And that the same goods and merchanU.states dises, at the time of the importation aforesaid, and
Rice. thence continually, until the sale and delivery there-

of, in manner aforesaid, to the said Henry, were in the possession, and subject to the control and disposal of the said Thomas, Samuel, and Greenleaf, and from the time of the sale and delivery aforesaid, until and at the time of making and executing the said supposed writing obligatory, were in the possession, .and subject to the control and disposal of the said Henry, at Castine, to wit, at said Boston. By means whereof the said goods, wares, and merchandises,
were not, at the time of'entering the same with the said Hook, or at any time before or since, goods, wares, or merchandises, brought into the said United States, .from any foreign port or place, nor upon which any sum or sums: of money whatsoever, were then and there due and arising, or payable to the said United States for duties, and this he is ready to verify. Wherefore he prays judgment,"1 &c.
There was a second plea, not varying materially

from the first. -Tothese pleas the Attorney for the .United States
demurred generally, and the defendant joined in de, murrer.
Judgment was rendered for the defendant in the Circuit Court, and the cause was brought by writ of errot to this Court.

Feb. 19h. The cause was argued, by the .Attorney General,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

253

for the United States, and by Mr. Webster, for the x11.

defendant.n

1U. Sttaetes ·

V.
Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Rice. Feb. 22d. Court.

The single question arising on the pleadings in

this case is, whether goods imported into Castine

during its occupation by the enemy are liable to the

duties imposed by the revenue laws upon goods im-

ported into the United States. It appears, by the pleadings, that on the first day of September, 1814,

Castine was captured by the enemy, and remained

in his exclusive possession, under the command and

control of his military and naval forces, until after

the ratification of the treaty of peace in February,

1815. During this period the British government exercised all civil and military authority over the

place ; and established a custom-house, and admitted

goods to be imported, according to regulations pre-

scribed by itself, and, among others, admitted the

a He cited Grotius, De J. I. ac. P. 1. 2. c. , s. 5, 4- seq. lb. 1. 3. c. 6. s. 4. lb. 1. 3. c. 9. s. 9. 14. Puffendorf, by Barbeyrac, 1. 7. c. 7. s. 5. lb. 1. 8. c. 11. s. 8. Bynkershoek, Q. J. Pub. 1. 1. c. 6. 16. Duponceau's Tranl. 46. 124. Poet ad Pandect., 1. 39. tit. 4. no. 7. De Vectigalibus. lb. 1. 19. tit. 2. no. 28. lb. 1. 49. tit. 15. no. 1. United States v. Hayward, 2 Gallis. 501. The Fama, Rob. 106. The Foltina, Dodson, 450. 30 Hogsheads of Sugar, Bentzon, Claimant, 9 Cranch, 191. Reeves' Law of Ship. 98. - seq. Vnited States v. Vowell, 5 Cranch, 368. United States v. Arnold, I Gallis. 348. S. C. 9 Cranch, 106. Empson v. Bathurst, Winch. Rep. 20. 50. Jfinch. Entries, 334. cited Poph. 176. S. C. Hutton, 52. Com. Dig. Qf/icer, ff.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. U. States
v. race.

goods upon which duties are now demanded. These goods remained at Castine until after it was evacuated by the enemy; and, upon the re-establishment of the American. government, the collector of the

customs, claiming a right to American duties on the goods, took the bond in question from the defendant, for the security of them.
Under these circumstances, we are all of opinion, that the claim for duties cannot be sustained. By the conquest and military occupation of Castine, the enemy acquired that firm possession which enabled him to exercise the fullest rights of sovereignty over that place. The sovereignty of the United States over the territory was, of course, suspended, and the laws of the United States could no longer be rightfully enforced there, or be obligatory upon the inhabitants who remained and submitted to the conquerors. By the surrender the inhabitants passed under a teroporary allegiance to the British govern-
ment, and were bound by such laws, and such only, as it chose to recognise and impose. From the nature o&f the case, no other laws could be obligatory upon-them, for where there is no protection or allegiance or sovereignty, there can be no claim td obedience. Castiae was, therefore, during this period, so far as respected our. revenue laws, to be deemed" a.foreign port; and goods imported into it by the, inhabitants, were subject to such duties only as the British government chose to require. Such goods vere in no correct sense imported into the United States. The subsequent evacuation by the enemy, and iesumpti6r of authority by ther United States,

'OF THE UNITED STATES.
did not, and could not, change the character of the previous transactions. The doctrines respecting the jus postliminii are wholly inapplicable to the case. The goods were liable to American duties, when imported, or not at all. That they are so liable at the time of importation is clear, from what has been already stated ; and when, upon the return of peace, the jurisdiction of the United States was re-assumed, they were in the same predicament as they would have been if Castine had been a foreign territory ceded by treaty to the United States, and the goods had been previously imported there. In the latter case, there would be no pretence to say that American duties could be demanded; and, upon principles of public or municipal law, the cases are not distinguishable. The authorities cited at the bar would, if there were any dyutbt, be decisive of the question. But we think"# too clear to require. any aid from authority.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

i8ig.
B
V.
Gilman.

(CHANCERY.)
BROWN et al. v. GILMAN.
The scrip or certificate holders, in the association called the NewEngland Mississippi Land Company, hold their shares under the Company itself, as a -part of the common Capital stock, and are not considered as holding derivatively, and solely as individual sub-purchasers, under the separate original titles of the original purchasers from the Georgia Mississippi Company, so as to be affected by any circumstances of defect in these separate original titles; these titles being, in'fact, now vested in the trustees of the New-England Miw'

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1819.
(cHANcERY.)
THE TRUSTEES OF THE PHILADELPHIA BAPTIST
ASSOCIATION et al. V. HIART'S EXECUTORS.
In the year 1790, S. H., a citizen of Virginia, made his last will, containing the following bequest: "Item, what shall remain of my military certificates at the time of my decease, both principal and interest, I give and bequeath to The Baptist .Association, that for ordinary meets at Philadelphia annually, which I allow to be a perpetual furd for the education of youths of the Baptist denomination, who shall appear promising for the ministry, always giving a preference to the descendants of my father's family." In 1792 tie legislature of Virginia passed an act repealing all English statutes. In 1795 the tesiator died. The Baptist Association in question had existed as a regularly organized body for many years before the date of his will; and in 1797 was incorporated by the legislature of Pennsylvania, by the name of " The Trustees of the Philadelphia Baptist Association."
Held, that the Association, not being incorporated at the testator's decease, could not take this trust as a society. VOL. IV.

CASES IN THE SUPREME' COURT

1610. That the bequest could not be taken by the individualswho composed

S the Association at the death of the testator.

Baptist As- That there were no persons to whom this legacy, were it nnt a charity.

sociation
V.

could be decreed.

Havrt'sx'rs. And, that it could not be sustained, in this Court, as a charity. Charitable bequests, where no legal interest is vested, and which are

too vague to be claimed by those for whom the beneficial interest

was intended, cannot be established by a Court of Equity, eitlher

exercising its ordinary jurisdiction, or enforcing the prerogative of

the king as parens patrice, independent of the statute 43 Eliz.

If, in England, the prerogative of the king, as parenspatritc,would,

independent of the statute of Elizabeth, extend to charitable bequests of this description: Qumre, How far this principle "ould

govern in the Cour's of the United States? Held, that it was unuecessary to enter into this inquiry, because it

could orly arise where the Attorney General is made a party.

IN the year 1790, Silas Hart, a citizen and resident of Virginia, made his last will in writing, which
contains the following bequest. " Item, what shall remain of my military certificates at the time of my decease, both principal and interest, I give and bequeath to the Baptist Association that for ordinary meets at Philadelphia annually, which I allow to be a perpetual fund for the education of youths of tlle Baptist denomination, who shall appear promising for the ministry, always giving a preference to the descendants of my father's family." In 1792 the legislature of Virginia passed an act, repealing all English statutes, including that of the 48 Eliz. c. 4. In the year 1795 the testator died. . The Baptist Association, which met annually at Philadelphia, had existed as a regularly organized body for many years before the date of this will, and was composed of the clergy of several Baptist churches of different States, and of an annual deputation of laymen from

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the same churches. It was not incorporated until the *819. year 1797, when it received a charter from the legis- B"ap' tist As-lature of Pennsylvania, incorporating it by the name sociatiou of " The Trustecs of the Philadelphia Baptist Asso- IHart'xI:,. ciation." The executors having refused to pay the, legacy, this suit was instituted in the Circuit Court for the district of Virginia, by the corporation, and by those individuals who were members of the Association at the death of the testator. On the trial of the cause, the judges of that Court were divided in opinion on the question, whether the plaintiffs were capable of taking under this will ? Which point was., therefore, certified to this Court.
The Attorney General, for the plaintiffs, argued, Ftb. 25th, that the peculiar law of charitable bequests did not originate in the statute of the 43d Eliz., which was repealed in Virginia before the death of the testator. If lands had been conveyed in trust, previous to the statute, for such purposes as are expressed in this will, the devise would have been held good at law: and, consequently, the court of chancery would have enforced the trust, in virtue of its general equity powers, independent of that statute. The statute does not profess to give any validity to devises, or legacies, of any description, not before valid; but only furnishes a new and more convenient mode for discovering and enforcing them; but the case before the court is such as requires the interposition only of the ordinary powers of a court of equity. Devises equally vague and indefinite, have been sustaiied in courts of common law. before the statute of Eliza-

CASES INNTHE SUPREME COURT
1819. beth, and. would, aforliori, have been supported in Baptist As- courts of equity.a And the Court of Chancery, ex-
sociation ercising the prerogative of the king as parenspatricv,
mart',x'rs. has been. constantly in the habit of establishing charitable bequests of this nature. " In like manner," says Lord Chancellor Macclesfield, "in the case of charity, the king, pro bono publico, has an original right to superintend the care thereof, so that, abstracted from the statute of Eliz. relating to charitable uses, and antecedent to it, as well as since, it has been every day's practice to file informations in Chancery, in the Attorney General's name, for the establishment of charities.'" So also, Lord Keeper Henly says, "and I take the uniform rule of this court, before, at,and after the statute of Elizabeth, to have been, that where the uses are charitable, and the person has in himself full power to convey, the court will aid a defective conveyance to such uses. Thus, though devises to corporations were void under statute Hen. 8., yet they were always considered as good in equity, if given to charitable uses."o The powers of the Court of Chancery over these subjects, are derived from,and exercised according to the civil lawA Lord Thurlow says, " the cases have proceeded upon notions adopted from the Roman and civil law, which are very favourable to charities, that legacies given to public uses, not ascertained, shall be applied to some.
a Porter's ease, 1 Co. Rep. 22. b. Plowd. 522. b Eyre v. The Countess of Shaftsbury. 2 P. Wins. 119. e Case of Christ's College, Cambridge, 1 Sir W. Bl. 91. d 3.B1. Com. 476. White.vi White, I Bro. Ch. Cas. 15. Moggridge v. Thackwell, 7 Ves. 36.

OF THE UNITED STATE5.
proper object T" By that law, bequests for'charita- 1819. ble purposes, ad- pios usos,--are not void for uncer- Baaptist Astainty.' 'But, even supposing all the powers of the sociation
V.
English Court of Chancery over charities to have Hart'sEx'ra. been originally derived froui the statute of Elizabeth, still it does not follow, that the courts of the United States have not all the powers which the English courts of equity possessed, when this country was separated from the Bri.ish empire. The chancery system originated in varioes sources ; in the peculiar jurisprudence of the court, which may be denominated its common law ; in statutes ; and in the authority of the Chancellor, as keeper of the king's "onscience. It is difficult to find any chancery decisions wholly purified from the influence of statutory provisions' The grant of equity powers in the constitution, to tii national judiciary, extends " to all cases in equity." It is not limited to those cases which arise under the ordinary jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery. This is not a question of local law, nor can the equity jurisdiction of the United States' courts depend upon the enactment or repeal of loeal statutes. This court, has already determined, that the remedies in the court of the United States, in equity, are to be, not according to the practice of State courts, but according to the principles of equity as known and practised in that pountry from which we derive a knowledge of those principles.. In England, this bequest would, unquestionably, be sustained. The Association, which was
i White v. White, 1 Bro., h. Cas. 15. b Swinb. part 1. sec. 16. Part'7.sec. 8.
Campbell v. ,Robinson, 3 Wheat. 212.'

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. the object of the testator's bounty, though unincorpo-

"

rated at the time, was certainly as definite a body as the

Baptist As-

sociVa.tion C6sixty pious ejected ministers," in one case,a or "the

Hart'sEx'rs. charitable collections for poor dissenting ministers living in any county in England," in another.' Nor

was it necessary that they should be incorporated, in

order to take. A devise by an impropriator, directly "to one who served the cure, and all who should serve

it after him," &c. has been carried into effect.c So, if

the devise be to a charitable use, though the object be

not in esse, and though it depend on the will of the

crown, whether it shall ever be called into existence,

equity will establishit.d

Mr. Leigh, contra, contended, that the Association could not take the bequest, neither in their individual nor in their collective capacity. Not as individuals; because the persons composing the Association were continually,. fluctuating, and were not designated, nor indeed known, at the time of the bequest. No personal benefit was intended to them. The testator's intent was to constitute the Association, in its collective capacity, trustee of the fund for this charitable purpose; and whether the trust can be carried into effect or not, they cannot take individu-

a The Attorney General V. Baxter, 1 Ven. 248. Attorney General v. Hughes, 2 Vern. 105.
b Walker v. Childs, .1mb., 524.
c Anon. 2 Vent. 349. d Lady Downing's case, Amb. 592. Ayliff v. Dodd, 2 Ak. 328. The Attorney General v. Oglander, 3 Bro. Ch. Cas. 166, The Attorney General v. Bowyer, 3 Ves. jun. 725.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ally to their own use." Nor can they so take in 1819. their collective capacity, because not incorporated at Baptist As. the time : and the subsequent incorporation does not ociation help their case.' Therefore, this is to be regarded l .art'sEx'-. as a bequest to charitable uses, without the intervention of trustees to take the legal estate and fulfil the
uses. According to the law of Virginia, which must govern in this case such a trust cannot be carried into effect by any court in any mode. Had such a case occurred in England, it is admitted that the Court of Chancery would carry the trust into effect by supplying legal and capable trustees to take and hold the fund for the objects of the testator's charity; or, if those objects were not designated in the testator's will with sufficient certainty, would execute it, upon the doctrine of cypres, for objects ejusdem generis, according to a scheme digested by the master. But the Court of Chancery in England exercises such powers solely in virtue of the statute of the 46d Eliz. All ancient precedents of the exercise of such powers, to effect such charitable uses, are expressly
stated to be founded on that statute.' As all the early decisions are founded on the statute, so the more modern cases are founded on the authority of the ancient; with this only extension of their principle, that although the statute merely provides that

a Morrice v. The Bishop of Durham, 9 Fes. 399. S. C. 10

Ves. 522. b 8 Vin. .br. tit. Devise, M. pl. 1.
roffe, Amb. 636. c The Attorney General v. Rye, 2

Woodmore v. WoodVern. 453. Rivett's

case, Moor, 890. Pigott v. Pearice, 2 Eq. Cas. Abr. 191. pl. 6.. The Attorney General v. Hickman, lb. 193. pl. 14.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819.: charitable donatiois shall be applied to such of the Baptist As~- charitable uses therein expressed, for which they
sociation were appointed by the donors or founders, the Court
Hart'sEx'rs. of Chancery-has gone a step farther, and held upon the equity of the statute, that where objects of charity are in any way pointed out, however vaguely and indefinitely, the Court will apply the hind to charitable uses of the same kind with those intended by the donor, according to a scheme digested by the Master." All the elementary writers and compilers. concur in deducing the jurisdiction of the English Court of Chancery over chdiritable bequests from the statute of Eliz. ; tracing all the powers of the Court, as a court of equity, over this subject, to that source ; its liberality and favour toward charitable donations; its practice of supplyipg all tile defects of conveyances to charitable uses; of substituting trustees where those named by the donor fail before the vesting of the legal estate; and of taking on itself the dxecution of the trust, where incapable, or no, trustees are appointed by the donors.' Indeed, no donation is considered in England as a donation to charitable uses, unless for such uses as are enumerated in the statute of Eliz., or such as are analogous.c The very signification of
a Barlis v. The Attorney General, 2 Attk. 239. White v. White, 1 Bro. Ch..Cas. 12. Moggridge v. Thackwell, 3 Bro. 4M. Cas. 517. S. C. I Ves. Jun. 464. S. C. 7 Ves. 36.
. b 2 Bl. Com. 376. 2 Fonbl. Eq. 213. Roberts on Wills, 213, 214. 1 Bac. .Abr. tit. Ch. Uses. 5 Vin. Abr. same tit. I Burn's Eccles. Law,.same tit.
c The Attorney General v. Hewer, 2 Vern. 387. Brown v. Yeale, 7 Ves. 50. note c. M6rrice v. The Bishop of Durham, 9 Ves. 399. S. C. 10 Ves. 540.

OF THE UNITEDr STATES.

the Words charity and charitableuse are derived from 1819.

that statute. In thecase last cited, Sir W. Grant said,

'

In this Court, the signification of charity is derived sociotion

pincipally from the statute of Elizabeth. Those Hat'aEz'6.

purposes are considered charitable which that statute

enumerates, or which by analogies are deemed within

its spirit -and intendment. M Lord Eldon, in rehear-

ing the same case, confirms the doctrine. " I say,

vith the Master of tle Rolls, a cjuse has not yet been

ecided, in which the Court has executed a charitable

purpose, unless the will contains a description of that

which the law acknowledges to be a charitable pur-

pose, or devotes the property to purposes of charity

in general.' 'In a previous case; Lord Loughbo-

rough had said, " It does not appear that the Court

before that period, (the 43d of Eliz.,) had cognizance

of informatious for the establishment of charities.

Prior to the time of Lord Ellesmere, as far as tradi-

tion in times immediately following goes, there were

no such informations, but they made out the case as

well as. they could at lawY1c The repeal of the

English statute of charitable uses by the legislature

of Virginia, must be considered as almost, if not en-

tirely, repealing that whole head of equity. The ef-

fect of this repeal may be estimated by recurring to the

history of the system of equitable jurisprudence.

Every part of that system has been built up since the

43d year of Elizabeth, and there is not a single chan-

cery case, touching charitable bequests, prior to the

a Mforrice v. The Bishop of Durham, 9 Ves. 399.

b S. C. 10. Ves. 540.

c The Attorney General v. Bowyer, 3 Ves..]un. 72.

VOL. IV.

2

.10

CASES IN THE. SUPREME COURT

is.9. statute of that year. The Court is then driven

Sto ascertain either the common law method of effect-

Baptist As-

c

sociation ing chartble uses, or thejurisdiction of the English

Hart'sEx'rs. Chancery, independent of thb statute. Lord Loughborough says, that it had no jurisdiction whatever

of the matter before the statute, and that they made

out the case as well as they could at law; and he

instances certain cases." The jurisdiction of the

Court of Chancery in England, abstracted from, and

independent of, the stature of the 43d Eliz., may be

inferred from the. course of the Court in cases where

the donors of charities, tailing to point out any ob-

ject of charity, or designating improper, impolitic,

or illegal objects, the statute gives the Court no au-

thority to direct the charity to any definite purpose.

In all such cases, the dispositiorl of the funds be-

longs to the king, as parenspatrie, and is made by

him under his sign manual. In Moggridge v. Thack-

well,b Lord Eldon, after reviewing all the cases, (ac-

knowledging that they conflicted with each other, and that his own mind was perplexed with doub!s,)

came to this general conclusion, which he deemed

the most recencileable to authorities; that when the

execution of the trust for a charity is to be by a trus-.

tee with general, or some objects pointed out, there

the Court will take upon itself the execution of the

trust : but where there is a general indefinite purpose, not fixing itself on any object, the.disposition is to be

made by the king's sign manual. A due attention to

a Porter's Case, I Co. Rep. 23 Sutton's Hospital Case,
AO Co. Rep. 1. b7 Vrs. 36.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the cases there collected by Lord Eldon, will show 1819.

that

the first class of

cases are those

over

which

the

' Baptist

As-

statute of the 43d Eliz. gives the Court a jurisdiction, sociVa.tion

and which it will consequently exercise; and that the Hart'sEx'rs.

second class consists of those which belong to its ju-

risdiction, abstracted and independent of the statute, and in which the disposition belongs to the king.5

So if the donation be to a charitable use, but one

which is deemed unlawful or impolitic, the disposi-

tion belongs to the king.' And were it not for the

statute, all charitable donations, whatever, would be

subject to the disposition of the king, as parenspa-

trie. It is true, there are some dicta, which at first

sight seem to support a different doctrine. Such is

that of Lord Keeper Henly, in the case of Christ's

College.c But this dictum is directly contradicted

by Lord Loughborough, in the Attorney General v.

Bowyer.d Lord Keeper Henly cites no authority for

this dictum; but Lord Chief Justice Wilmot having,

in the case of Downing College,' said something of

the same kind, cites the authority which, doubtless,

Lord Keeper Fe'nly had in his mind ; which is what

fell from Lord Macclesfield, in Eyre v. The Coun-

tess of Shaftsbury. " And in like manner, in 'case

of charity, the king, pro iono'publico, has an ori-

a The Attorney General v. Siderfin, I Vern. 224. Fiser v. Peacock, there cited. The Attorney. General v. Herrick, ,fmbl. 712.
6 The Attorney General v. Baxter, I Vern. 248. De Coita v. De Pas, JLnb. 228. Cary v. Abbott, 7 Veg. 490.
c W. B. 91. d 3 Ves.jun. 72C. P Wilm, Rep. I

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. ginal right to superintend the care thereof; so that,
Bapitist Ass.abstracted from the statute of Elizabeth relating to sociVa.tion charitable uses, and antecedent to it, as well as
Hart'SEx'rs. since, it has been every day's practice to file an information :in Chancery in the name of the Attorney General for the establishment of charities.,d Whence it appears, that the information which might be filed in the attorney general's name, for the establishment of charities, abstracted from, and independent of, the statute, related to such as depended on the disposition of the king as parens patria. Ti-s explanation is corroborated by what is said by Lord Soiers, in the case of Lord Falkland v. Bertie.' Lord Thurlow's dictum, in White v. White, that " the cases had proceeded on notions derived from the Roman and civil law," cannot be construed to extend to the entire adoption of the civil law on charities. By the civil law, if a man make a will containing a charitable bequest, and afterwards cancel the will, the bequest to charity is not thereby revoked. It is otherwise by the law of England. So, in case of a deficiency of assets, the civil law gave a preference to charitable legacies ; but in the English Court of Chancery they abate in proportion." The conclusion, then, is, that in every case of charity, wherein the English Court of Chancery has not jurisdiction to direct the application of the
a P. Wins. 118, 119.
b 2 Vern. 342.
c 1 Bro. Ch. Cas. 15.
d The Attorney General v. Hudson, I Coxe's P. Wins. 675. and note.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

charity, either by the words or the equity of the statute 43 Eliz., the disposition belongs to the king,
as parenspatrice, and the Court of Chancery is only
resorted to in order to enforce his disposition. That statute being repealed in Virginia, and no similar one enacted in that State, the disposition of all charitable donations is in the parens patrize of Virginia. The Courts of the United States cannot direct this charity, or carry it.into effect. It is the government of Virginia which is the parens patite of that State. At the revolution, all the rights of the crown devolved on the commonwealth; and still remain in the commonwealth, except such as are delegated to the United States by the national constitution. But none of the rights that appertain to the State government, as parens patrize, are delegated to the United States. Can this, or any other Court of the United States, pretend to the care or guardianship of infants, lunatics, and ideots ? If not, neither can they un-
dertake the direction of a charity, which stands on the same footing as belonging to that government which is parenspatrie. Even, therefore, if it were
admitted that the Court of Chancery of Virginia could carry this bequest to charitable uses into effect, the Courts of the United States cannot. Another objection to the jurisdiction of those courts is, that the Attorney General (that is, of Virginia) representing the parenspatri, must be made a party. But

ie19,
4ats D
]Baptist As-
sociation
Hart'sEz'rs.

a JMitf. Plead. 7. 93. Cooper'sPlead. 219. Ason. 3 Akt. ?77. 2 Atk. 87. Monell v. Lawson, 5 Vi,,. Abr. it. Char.
Uies, lb. pl. 11. The Attorney General v. Hewett, 9 Ves.
432.

CASES !N THE SUPREME COURT
1819. to makethe Attorney Gctjrai of Virginia, that is,
Baptist As- the State of Virgaila, a party defendant, would be sociVa.tion contrary to the couistioition of the United States. 9art'sEx'rs. There is a farther, and an insurmountable objection to the jurisdiction of the United States' Courts in cases of charity., where there is no trustee appointed, or (which is tie saine thing) unascertainable and incapable truste-es are appointed. If not the whole jurisdiction of the English Court of Chancery, at least so much of it as is abstracted from, and indepeade~nt of, the s~atute 43 Eliz., belongs neither to its or,.ioary nor extracrIiin-.ry jurisdiction, but to the Lord Chancellor personally, as delegate to The king. But by the constitution and laws of the United States, the only branch of the English, Chancery jurisdiction which is vested in the Courts of the United States, is the ordinary or equity jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery in England. Finally It is impossible to give effect to thischarity in any mode. Not only are the trustees uncertain and unascertainable, but the objects of the charity are also uncertain, and not ascertainable by this Court. The very idea of the Court attemp i, g to execute the trust,
ey pres, and referring it to the Master to digest a
scheme for that purpose, is absurd and impmcticable.
The Attoruey General,in reply, insisted, that if i were necessary to show the capacity of the plaintiffs as trustees, it could be done. Id certum est quod certum reddipotest: and the Court might direct the money to be paid to those who constituted the Association at

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ile time of the bequest. But this Association was 1s19. incorporated shortly after the death of the testator; Baptat Ai. and it is sufficient to support the charity, that its ob- sociatian jccts may be in esse. The first of the two cases, cited IHart'veLx'rs to show that the devise must take effect at the time, or not at all, was a devise of lands to the priestsof a chantry or college in the church of A.; and there were none such, neither chantry, college, nor priests. But suppose there had been, as in the case now before tile court, would their want of a corporate character have defeated the devise? But this case is entirely inapplicable. The objects designated did not exist even under the description which the testator used. Nor did they exist, at the time of the decision, so as to present the question as to the efficacy of the devise in that respect; and all that the court said upon this subject, must be regarded as extrajudicial. The whole question was on a devise of lands on the rigid rules of the common law. The case of Widmoro v. Woodroffe,b was a bequest of money to the corporation of Queen Anne's County to augment poor viearages, which was held to, be void by the statute of Mortmain, as the corporation were bound by their rules to lay out their donations in lands. It does not touch the question, whether a devise of a charity must take effect at the death of the testator, or not at all. But if the court should think, that the Baptist Association were incapable of taking, as trustees, at the death of the testator, and that there must be some person then in esse, to hold the legal estate, the

S8 Vin. .qbr. Tit. Devise. H. pl.

1PArab. 636

CAS96$IN TIlE SUPREME COVRT
1819. executors will be considered, by a court of equity, ag Ba"pptiisst AAs-t.'rustees, whether so named or not." So, also, the aociVa.tion court will regard the heir as a trustee for the same Hart'sEx'rs. purpose.' The case of the Attorney General v,
Bowyer, was decided on this very principle. The law had thrown the legal title on the heir, but he was held responsible Ibr the intermediate profits in the imputed character of a trustee. The position, that the English Court of Chancery derives the jurisdiction now in question from the statute of Eiiz., is denied. The title of the act is, " Commissioners, authorized to inquire of misemployment of lands or goods, given to hospitals,. &c which, by their orders, shall be refoimed." The preamble recites, that whereas lands, &c. had been theretofore given, limited, appointed, and assigned, to various objects which are specified, which lands, &c. had not been employed " according to the charitable intent of the givers and founders thereof, by reason of frauds, breaches of trust, and negligence in those that should pay, deliver, and employ the same." It is clear, from this preamble, that no new validity was intended to be given to, these donations. Their previous validity is admitted; and the mischief was, that they had been defeated by the frauds, breaches of trust, and negligence of those who should have paid them. Frauds and breaches of trust Were, at this time, known heads of the equitable jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery; but the statute proceeds to provide a new remedy for

a I Bridg. Index, 761. c 3 Ves. jun. 726.

b 2 Bridg. Index, 607.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the mischief announced in the preamble. This is .1819.

the appointment of commissioners, with powers to Baptist -As. institute an inquisition to detect the frauds which had sociVa.tion

been praotised ; authorizing the commissioners, coll Hart'sEVTs.

formably to the title of the act, to make orders to

carry tile intention' of the donor, into effect; and al-

lowing the party injured by such orders, to complain

to the Chancellor for an alteration or reversal of such

orders. Even supposing the statute did profess to

confer on the Court of Chancery a new jurisdiction,

it is merely an appeflate jurisdition from the decrees

of the commissioners; and this appeal is given to

one party only,.he-who'is charged,with the fraud. So

that, it is neither an originaljurisdiction, nor is it a

jurisdiction to enforce a charitabletrust. The eighth

and ninth sections of the act direct the Commission-

ers to certify their decrees into the high -Court of

Chancery of England, and the Chancery of the Pa-.

litinate of Lancaster, and direct the Chancellors to

-take such order for the due execution of the decrees

(of the commissioners), as to them shall seem fit and

convenient. This is not a power to make a decree,

but to execute the decrees made by the Commission-

ers. The 10th section reiterates the appellate power

of the Chancelldr, recognized by the Ist section.

The only principles the 10th. section prescribes for

the regulation of the Chancellor 6h these appeals,

are so far from being new to the court,, that they

have existed ever since its equitable jurisdiction com-

menced.-If, then, the 'jurisdiction of the Court of

-Chancery over charitable bequests, cannot be,derived

from the letter of the statute of Eliz., can it be sup

Vol. IV.

'3

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. ported from ancient adjudged cases. interpretative of

1
Baptist

As-

that statute?

Even if it coul, this would be but a

sociation frail support; because the Court of Chancery was

,vaxr'.t's. then in the infancy of its existence, ard grasping

at every, thing to enlarge that jurisdiction which time and usage have since consecrated; and because if its jurisdiction to- enforce a charity by original bill, is to depend upon the statute, it has been shown from the statute itself, that it cannot be sustained. But the adjudged cases do not support the position, that the jurisdiction of the Court over charities is deriged from the statute. It is necessary, however, to distinguish between the two questions, whether a particular charity is within the statute ? and, whether the original jurisdiction of the Court
of Ciancery is derived from the statute ? The first question properly arises, where the commissioners have acted, and the Court is reviewing their decree in its appellate character. As the commissioners derive their whole authority from the statute, and are therefore confined to the cases enumerated in it, the first question upon the threshold of the appeal is, whether the case on which they have acted, be within the statute. Of this description are the cases cited on the other side, as being the ancient cases, upon the authority of which the modern cases have been decided. The cases of the Attorney General v. Rye" and Rivett's Case,b are expressly stated by the reporters to have come before the Chancellor on exceptions to the orders of the

a 2 Pern. 453.

b Mfoor, 890.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

19

commissioners. Piggot v. Penrice,4 is given by the 1819. editor -on the authority of another reporter.b On .Baptist Aslooking into the original report, it will be seen that sociation. the question of the statute was not involved in the V. case as it stood- before the Chancellor. The only questions before him were, 1st. Whether any estate in lands passed to an executor by the words, " 1 make my niece Gore, since married to Sir Henry Penrice, executrix of all my goods, lands, and chattels" ? and, 2dly. What writing would amount to a revocation of a will ? At the end of the report there is a note in these words: " Note, thp testatrix, by her second will, gave part of these lands to charitable uses, and they were decreed at the rolls to be good, as an appointment upon the act of parliament, notwithstanding there was no revocation; but that point was not now in question. " How this question came before the Master of the Rolls does not appear; but all that is decided is, that the charity was within the statute, which leaves the question of the original jurisdiction of the Court over charities untouched. The last ancient case cited, is that of the Attorney General v. Hickman. A testator . gave his estate to B. and his heirs, &c. by'a will duly executed ; and by a codicil not attested by three witnesses, declared the use in these words: , I would have the same employed for the encouraging such non-conformist ministers as preach God's word, and in places where the people are not able to allow them a sufficient maintenance; and for encouraging the

a 2 Eq. Cas. .Abr. 191. C lb.

b Gia. Eq. Rep. 137. d 2 Eq. as. Abr. 19.

CASES IN THE SUPREME'COURT
1819.1 bringing dip some to the work of-the ministry who Baptist As- are designed to labour in God's vineyard among the
sociation "dissenters. The particular method how to dispose
Hart'sEx'rs. of it, I prescribe not but leave to their discretion, designing you (B.) to take advice of C. and D." This bequest, analogous to that now before the Court, though much more vague and general, was confirmed ; and the money decreed to be distributed immediately, and not made a perpetual charity. But nothing is said of tie statute of Elizabeth, either in the argument, or in the opinion 'of the Cobrt. The question was, whether B., and his testamentary advisers, C. and D., having all died before the testator, the Court could supply trustees. The cotsel who contended for this power in the Court,, supported it,. not by the statute, but by the general authority o( the Court'; instancing a legacy bequeathed in trust, and the death. of the trustee, which, in equity, would. not defeat the bequest. The Court sustained its authority without assigning any particular ground ; and it may, therefore, be fairly inferred, that the Court. adopted the ground assumed in the argument. The case is cited from a manuscript report, and another, note of the, case, in the margin,, goes no farther than to say, that it was considered as being within the description of the statute of Elizabeth, but does not profess to found the power of the Court over the case upon that statute.-Nor do the cases cited to show that the power of the Court to give effect to a vague devise by the rule of cy pres is founded upon the statute, support that position. In the case of Baylis v.

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

The Attorney General,a 2001. were given under the will of Mr. Church, "to the ward of Bread Street according to Mr. -, his will." Lord Hardwicke, after rejecting testimony to fill the blank, proceeds thus: " Though the alderman an'd inhabitants of a ward are not, in, point of law, a corporation, yet, as they have made the Attorney General a party, in order to support and sustain the charity, I can make
a decree that the money may, from time to time, be disposed of in such charities as the alderman, for the time being, and the principal inhabitants, shail think the most beneficial to the ward." Nothing is said of the statute; aiid -the circumstance of making the Attorney General a party points rather to the exercise of the king's prerogative, as parens patting, which is independent of the statute. In White v. White,' the testator· bequeathed one moiety of the
residue of his personal estate to the Foundling, and the other to the Lying-in Hospital, and if there should be more than one of the latter, then to such of them as his executors should appoint. The testator struck out the name of his executor, and never appointed another. Lord Thurlow held that this was no revocation of the legacy, and referred it to a master to which of the Lying-in hospitals it should be paid; but he does not countenance the idea of the power thus exercised by him being derived from. the statute of Eliz. On the contrary, he refers it to no-
tionsderived from the Roman and civil law. Moggridge v. Thackwell' was a gift of a residue to I.

1819.
Baptist As.
sociation Hart'sfx'rs.

a 2 .tik. 239.

b I Bro. Ch. Cas. 12.

r 3 Bro. QY. as. 517.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. Vaston, to such charitable uses as he should appoint;

".O"
Baptist

"
Ai-

but

recommending poor

clergymen

with

largefamilies

s~eiation and good characters. I. V. died in the testator's life-

V.
Hart',vx'rs. time. The charity was sustained and executed by

the Court; but there is no allusion to the statute in

the opinion of Lord Eldon. He says, "Vaston, if

alive, could not claim this properiy for his own use.

All the rules, both of the civil andcommon law, would

repel him from taking the property in that way. This

reduces it to the common case of the death of a trustee,

which cannot defeat the effect of a legacy." The se-

cond report of the same case does not vary the ground

taken by the Court." In the report of the case on the

rehearing, all the cases are collated, yet nothing is

delivered at tie bar or from the bench referring the

power of the court to the statute of Eliz. Lord

Eldon, speaking -of former decisions, says, "In what

the doctrine (of cypres) originated, whether as sup-

posed by Lord Thurlow, in White and White, in the

principles of the civil law as applied to charities, or in

the religious notions entertained in this country, I know not.""° A strange doubt, if the doctrine originated in

the statute !-Nor are the elementary writers and

compilers understood as deducing the jurisdiction from

the statute. Blackstone, who is cited for this purpose,

is treating of a different subject in the passage of his

Commentaries referred to.' Having stated in a prq.

ceding page that corporations were excepted from the

statutes of wills of 32 Hen. VIII. c. 1., and 34 Hen.

VIII. c. 5., he says in the page cited, that the statute

a 1 Ves. jpun. 464.' c Ib.69.

b 7 Ves. 36. 1 2 B1. Cor. 376.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of 43 Eliz. c. 4. is considered as having repealed that 1819. of Hen. VIII. so far as to admit a devise to a corpo- "Baptist Assration for a charitable use; he then speaks of the li- sociation beral construction which had been given to devises Hart'sEx'rs. under this statute by force of the word appointment; but does not even insinuate that it was. the origin of the chancery jurisdictioh. All the other elementary writers and compilers cited are equally remote from proving the position assumed. Their remarks are directed to the liberal construction put upon the word .appoint under the statute of Eliz.; but the principles to be extracted fronf all the cases cited by them are the principles of the civil law, by which the Court had been guided antecedent to and independent of, the statute. The-Attorney General v. Hever, which is cited to prove that no donation is considered in England as a charitable donation, unless for the uses enumerated in tle statute, or for analagous uses, was a devise to a school; and the Lord Keeper decided that not being a free school, the charity was not within the statute, and, consequently, the inhabitants had not a right to sue in the name of the attorney general. This is a very different position from that which the case was cited to prove; and it is an unfounded position : for the statute authorizes no proceeding in the name of the attorney general ; and it is admitted that the attorney general might, and had, informed in the name of the king as parenspatrie, previous to, and independent of, the statute. Brown v. Yeale is mer3ly stated in a note, and settles nothing.' Itis true, the

a. Vern..387.

6 7 Ves. 50. note, (e)

GASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT
.1819. statute .of Eliz., having 'enumerated charities, gave a
Baptist As- new technical name to a portion of the uses and trusts sociVation recognized by the civil law. It is this idea which Hart'sEx'rs. t&e Master of the Rolls pursues in Morrice V.The Bishop of Durham.' The trust before the Court was for such' objects of benevolence and libeiality, as her executor in his own discretionshould most approve of. Sir W., Grant determined that this was not within the description of charitable trusts under the statute; that purposes of liberality and benevolence do not necessarily mean the same as objects of charity. -With regard to charities, he says, that it had been -settled upon ·authorities, which it was too late. to controvert, that they should not fail on account of their, ,,generality, bu.t that in some cases their particular ,:application should be directed by the king, and in. others by the Court. But he does not say that the king or the Court derived this power of direction from 'the statute., The statute islooked at, to see if thbequest be a,charity within it ; but the powers of control and directionmh the king and the Court are derived from the original respective authority of the one as patens patriae, and of the other as a court of equity. It is admitted, by the clearest 'implication, that although the bequest was not a charity within the statute, yet if any' definite object had been indicated by the will f6r which the money could have been decreed, it would have been so decreed. On the 'rehearing of the same case, Lord Eldon merely confirms the same principles.? But Lord Loughborough is supposed to have

a 9 Ires. -399.

, 10 Ves. 25.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

attributed the jurisdiction to the statute, in express i819. terms, in the case of the Attorney General v Bowyer." Baptist &aBut to understand his words correctly, it is neces- sociatior4 sary to observe, that the 43d of Elizabeth's reign, Hart'sEx'n. was the year 1601, and that Lord Ellesmere received the seals in 1603, the epoch of her decease, and of the accession of James I. The point under Lord Loughborough's consideration was the title to intermediate rents and profits, in the case of a trust to take effect infuturo. He first considers the question as to the legaliright, and introduces Porter's case,b and that of the Sutton Hospitalc The case of, Porter,
he says, was upon a devise before the statute of wills, (32 Hen. VIII. c. 1,) and before the statute of uses, (27 Hen. VIII. c. 10.) and, consequently, before the statute of Eliz. " It does not appear, that the Court before that period had cognizance of informations for the, establishment of charities." At What period ? Not the 43d Eliz., as has been contended;
but either the period of the devise, which was in the 32d of Hen. VIII., or of the decision, which was
in 'the 34th of Elizabeth. The Chancellor proceeds, 44Prior to the time of Lord Ellesmere, as far as the tradition in times immediately following goes, there was no such information as that upon which I am now sitting, but they made out the case as well as they could at law." The phrase," prior to the time of Lord Ellesmere," cannot be considered as equivalent to prior to the 43d of Eliz. ; for there is no coincidence in point of time. The idea is singularly expressed, if he meant to deduce the practice and au,

a 3 Yes. 726, VOL. IV.

b I Co. Rep. 22. b. 4

cl 10 Co. Rep. 1

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. thority of informations from the statute of the 43d of Elizabeth. All that he really meant Was to
Baptist As-
sociation affirm, that the practice of proceeding on informations KaroE'i ira.by the Attorney General grew up in the time of
Lord Ellesmere. But this position is contradicted by Lord Keeper Henly,a by Lord Macclesfield,' by Lord Sommers,c by Lord Thurlow;d and, finally, by the admission on the opposite side, that the proceeding of the Attorney General, was as representing the king in his character of parenspatriev. The Chancellor next proceeds to establish the validity of these
devises at common law, and c'onsequently independent of the statute; and coming to the exercise of the equitable jurisdiction, he expressly founds it on the general power of the Court over trusts. It results, then, that by the civil law, devises to pious and public uses were liberally expounded, and not suffered to fail by their uncertainty ; that the Ecclesiastical
Courts, and Courts of Equity, acting on ecclesiastical subjects, when called upon to take cognizance of a devise to pious or public uses, exercised all the powers before the statute which have been since exercised : that the statute of Eliz. came, and following up the principle of the civil law, made an enumeration of those gifts to pious and public uses, under the new name of charitable- uses; not to give them ioew validity, but to discover them by inquisition, and to effectuate them upon civil law principles. After the statute, the new name Of charitableuses, became the fashion of the Court; and the word ap-

a I W. B1. 911. b 2 P. Wins. 119.

c 2 Vern. 342. d 1 Bro. Ch. Cs. 15.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
pointment was extended to produce the same effect 1819. whi:ch Swinburne had ascribed to the civil law before. Baptist AsIt became unnecessary to look back beyond the sta- sociVat.ioaj tute for the exercise of power over a charitable use : Hart'sEx'rs. the case was brought within the statutory description, and if found within it, the constructive power of the word appointment was brought to bear upon it. -Whatever be the origin of the powers of the Courtof Chancery in England, whether derived rfrom the peculiar law of the Court itself, from statutes, or from the extraordinary jurisdiction of the Chancellor, they are all vested in the Courts of the United States, by the constitution giving to them jurisdiction of all suits in equity between citizens of different States. There is no necessity that the Attorney General of Virginia should be made a party, because that is only required where the objects of the charity contravene the policy of the law; nor is it necessary that the Court should superintend the execution.of the trust, since the trustees are appointed by the testator; nor that the Court should refer it to a Master to digest a scheme for its application, as the objects are clearly designated in the will,

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion
of the Court. It was obviously the intentioi of the testator, that
the Association should take in its character as an Association ; and should, in that character, perform the trust created by the will. The members composing it must be perpetually changing ; but, however they might change, it is " The Baptist Association that

eb !2d, 1819.

UASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819, for ordinary meets at Philadelphia annually," which

baptist As- is to take and manage the "perpetual fund" intendsociation ed to be created by this will. This Association is
V4
llart'sExrs. described with sufficient accuracy to be clearly un-

derstood ; but, not being incorporated, is incapable

of taking this trust as a society. Cban the bequest

be taken by the individuals who composed the Asso-

ciation at the death of the testator ?

The bequest The Court is decidedly of opinion that it cannot.

Ctaokueil'ndilbYnot thb'6e No private advantage is intended for them. Nothing

Winhdoivicdoumaplsosed N

t i

s

''

o

the Asocia- was intended to pass to them but the trust; and that

tion.

they are not authorized to execute as individuals. It

is the Association for ever, not the individuals, who, at the time of his death, 'might compose the Association, and their representatives, who are to manage this " perpetual fund."
At the death of the testator, then, there were no persons in existence who were capable of taking this bequest.. Dpes the subsequent incorporation of the Association give it this capacity ? the sbse- The rules of law compel the Court to answer this
quent incorpo-
ration of the question in the negative, The bequest was intended
Association did
not give it the for a society which was not at the time, and might
ckainpga, tihtiys.f btae--
kist, bnever be, capable of taking it. According to law,
it is gone for ever. ,The legacy is void; and the property vests, if not otherwise disposed of by the will, in the next of kin. A body. corporate afterwards created, had it even fitted the description of the will, cannot devest this interest, and claim it for their corporation.
There being no persons who can claim the right to execute this trust, are there any who, upon the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

general principles of equity, can entitle themselves to i189.

its benefits ? Are there any to whom this legacy, Baptist --A5-

were it not a charity, could be decreed ?

sociation

This,question will not admit of discussion. Those Hart'sEx'rs.
for whose ultimate benefit the -legacy was intended,. p T'nhoenrse arweh.,oo are to be designated and selected by the trustees. It Coudentseitle

could not be intended for the education of all t·he twhiere iet gnaoctay,

youths of the Baptist denomination who were de- chrt.

signed for the ministry; nor for those who were the

descendents of his father, unless, in the opinion of.

the trustees, they should appear promising. These

trustees< being incapable of executing this trust, or

even of taking it on themselves, the selection can

never be made, nor the persons designated who might

take beneficially.

Though this question be answered in the negative, noTthsuest,aliengabalye;

we

must still

inquire,

whether the.character of

this inthis Court,
'as a charity.

legacy, as a charity) will entitle it to the protection of

this Court ?

That such a legacy would be sustained in England, cycywol Iwo.el. is admitted. But, it is contended for the executors, -staind ilk that it would be sustained in virtue of the statute of England.

the 43d of Elizabeth, or of the prerogative of the

crown, or of both ; and not in virtue of those rules

by which a Court of Equity, exercising its ordinary

powers, is governed. Should these propositions be

true, it is farther contended, that the statute of Eliza-

beth does not extend to the case, and that the equita-

ble-jurisdiction of the Courts of the Union does not

extend to cases not within the ordinary powers of a

Court of Equity.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

On the part of the plaintiffs, it is contended, that

Baptist As- the peculiar law of charities, does not originate in the sociation statute of Elizabeth. Had lands been conveyed in

Hart'sEx'rs. trust, previous to the statute, for such purposes as are

expressed in this will, the devise, it is said, would

have been good at law; and, of consequence, a

Court of Chancery would have enforced the trust in

virtue of its general powers. In support of this pro-

position, it has been said, that the statute of Eliza-

beth does not even profess to give any validity to

devises or legacies, of any description,, not before

good, but only furnishes a new and more convenient

mode for discovering and enforcing them ; and that

the royal prerogative Applies'to those cases only

where the objects of the trust are efitirely indefinite; as a bequest generally to charity, oi to the poor.

It is certainly true, that the statute does not, in

terms, profess to give validity to 'bequests acknow-

ledged not before to have been valid. It is also true,

that it seems to proceed on the idea that the trusts it

is intended to enforce, ought, in conscience,'inde-

pendent of the statute, to be carried into execution.

It-is, however, not to be denied, that if, at the" time, no remedy existed in any of the cases de-

scribed, the -statute gives one" A brief analysis of

the act will support this proposition.

It authorizeg the Chancellor to appoint commis-

sioners to inquire of all gifts, &c. recited in the act;

of the abuses, &c. of such gifts, &c. ; and upon such

inquiry to make such order as that the articles given, &c. may be duly and faithfully employed, to and

for ,the charitable uses and intents, before, rehearsed

OF THE UNITED STATES.

respectively, for which they were given, &c. The 1sio..-

statute then proceeds, " which orders, judgments, Baptist Asand decrees, not being contrary or repugnant to sociatiotk
V.
the orders, statutes, or decrees, of the donors, or Hart'aEx'rn.

founders, shall, by the authority of this present par-

liament, stand firm and good according to the-tenor

and purport thereof, and shall'be -executed accord-

ingly, until the same shall be undone 'or altered .by

the Lord Chancellor of England," &q.

Subsequent sections of the act direct these decrees,

&c. to be certified to the Chancellor, who is to take

such order for their execution as to him shall seem

proper ; and, also, give to any person aggrieved the

right to apply to Chancery for redress.

It is not to be de'nied, t'hat if any gifts are enume- staTtuhtee,E4n3gdisohf

rated in this statute, which~wgievresnot previously valid, Elizabetvha,lidity

or for which no previous remedy existed, th~etsota"tute tosomchedaerivtaibslees

makes them valid, and furnishes a remedy.

uses, which
were wotvalid,

That there were such gifts, and that th,e statute has itnhdaetpsteantdueten.tef

given them validity, has been repeatedly determined.

The books are full of cases, where conveyances to

charitable uses, which were void by the statute of

mortmain, or were, in other respects, so defective,

that, on general principles, nothing passed, have been

sustained under this statute. - If this statute restores

to its original capacity, a conveyance rendered void by

an act of the legislature, it will, of course, operate

with equal effect on any legal objection to the gift

which originates in any other manner, and which a

statute can remove.

The authorities to this point are numerous. In the

case of the Attorney General, n behalf of St. John's

. 32

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. College in Cambridge v. Platt," the name of the cor-, Baptist As- porate body was not fully expressed. This case was
sociation referred by the Chancellor to the judges, who certi-
Huat' 'r.8 fled, that though, according to the general principles of law, the devise was void ; yet it was good under
the statute of Elizabeth. This case is also reported in Cases in Chancery, 267. where it is said, the judges certified the devise to be void at law, but the Chancellor decreed it good under the statute.
So, in Chancery Cases, 134. it was decided, that a bequest to the parish of Great Creaton was good under the statute. Though this case was not fully nor clearly repbrted, enough appears to show that this bequest was sustained only under the statute pf Elizabeth. The objections to it were, that it was void on general principles, the parish not being incorporated; and that it would not be decreed under the statute, the proceedings not being before commissionters, but by. original bill. The Master of theRolls ordered precedents to be produced ; and, on finding one in which four judges had certified that a party
might, under the statute, proceed in chancery by original bill, he directed the legacy to be paid. Could this bequest have been sustained on doctrines applicable to charities independent of the statute, no question could have arisen concerning the rights to proceed by original bill.
In Collison's case,I the will made John Bruet and others, " feoffees of a home, to keep it in reparation, and to bestow the rest of the profits on reparation of

a Finch, 221.

b Hob. 136.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

certain highways." On a reference by the Chancel- 1819.

lor, the judges declared, that "this case was within Baptist As,

the relief of the 43d of Elizabeth ; for, though the Botation

devise were utterly void, yet it was within the words .Hajt'vx'r.

limited and appointed for charitable uses."

In these cases, it is expressly decided, that the be-

quests are void, independent of the statute, and good'

under it. It furnishes no inconsiderable additional

argument, that many of the gifts recited in the

43 Eliz., would not, in themselves, be considered as

charitable;' yet they are all governed by the same rule.

No dictum has been found -indicating an opinion

that the statute has no other effect, than to enable

the Chancellor to inquire, by commission, into cases

before cognizable in his Court by original bill. It

may, then, with confidence be stated, that whatever

doubts may exist in other points which have been

made in the cause, there is none in this : The statute

of the 43d of Eliz. certainly gave validity -to soma

devises to charitable uses, which were not valid, in-

dependent of that statute. Whether this legacy be

of that description, is a question of more difficulty. Charitable be.

The objection is, that the trust is void; and the .2e"ah,,e-
rest is vest-
description of the cestu·i qu"eI trust so vague, that no eadr,e atnood wvahgiuceh

pierson can be found whose interest can be sustained. to be claimed

by. those for

The counsel for the plaintiff insists, that cases wnehfoicmial-theinbtee-:

equally vague have been sustained in Courts of

rest
corst

was was

nin..

ofcr-tebnedeesdt,abclaisnhneodt

mon law, before the statute; and would, a foytiori, by a court of

eut, exer-

have been sustained in Courts of equity. kle relies eti., ,di-

on Porter's case, 'and on Plowden,,522..

nary juisdic.

ent of the sta-

Porter's case is this: Nicholas Gibson, in the 32d tute 43EIiz.

VOL., IV.

a 1 Co. Rep. .2. b.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. Hen. VIII., devised a wharf and house to his wife, Baptist A As-upon condition that she should, on advice of learn-
sociation ed counsel, in all convenient speed after his decease,
Hart'sEx'rs. assure, give, and grant the said lands and tenements, for the maintenance, for ever, of a free school the testator had erected, and, of alms men and alms women attached to it The wife entered into the property, and, instead of performing the condition, conveyed it, in the 3d of Edw. VI., by a lease for forty years. Afterwards, in the 34th of Eliz., the heir at law entered for a condition broken, and conveyed to the queen. On the validity of this entry and conveyance the cause depended. On the part of Porter, who claimed under the lease, it was contended, that the use was against the act of the 22d of Hen. VIII. c. 10. and, therefore, void, on which the estate of the wife became absolute. On the part of the queen, it was argued, 1st. That the statute of Hen. VIII. avoided superstitious, and not charitable uses. But if it extended to this, still, that it made the use, and not the conveyance, void. The devisee, there being no consideration, would stand seized to the use of the heir. 2d. That in case the devise is to the wife, on condition that she would, by the advice of learned counsel, assure his lands for the maintenance of the said free-School, and alms men and alms women; this might be done lawfully, by procuring the king's letters patent incorporating them, and, afterwards, a letter of license to assure the lands to them Upon these reasons the Court was of opinion, that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the condition was broken, and that the entry of the 1819.

heir was lawful.

Baptist Af.w

In this case no question arose concerning the pos- sociatioa

sibility of enforcing the execution of the trust. It 'Hart'sEx'rV.

was not forbidden by law; and, therefore, the trus-

tee might execute it. On failing so to do, the condi-

tion on which the estate was, given was broken, and

the heir might enter; but it is not suggested that the

cestui que trust had any remedy. An estate may be

granted on any condition which is not against law,

as that the grantee shall go to-Rome; and for breach

of that condition, the heir may enter, but there are

no means of compelling the journey to Rome. In

the argument of Porter's case, the only mode sug-

gested for assuring to the school the benefit intended,

is by an act of incorporation, and a letter of license.

in considering this case, it seems impossible to re-

sist the conviction, that Chancery could, then, afford

no remedy to the cestui que trust. It is not proba-

ble that those claiming the beneficial interest would

have waited, without an effort, from the 32d of Hen.

VIII. when the testator died, or, at any rate from the

3d of Edw. VI., when the condition was conclusively

broken by the execution of the lease until the 34th

of Eliz., and then have resorted to the circuitous

mode of making an arrangement with tile heir at

law, and procuring a conveyance from him to the

queen, on whose will the charity would still depend,

if a plain and certain remedy had existed, by a di-,

rect application to the Chancellor.

If, as there is much reason to believe, from this,

and from many other cases of the same character

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT

1819. which were decided at law anterior to the statute of Baptist As-Eliz., the remedy in Chancery-was not then afford-

soviation Hart'SX 'rs

ed, it would go far in deciding the present question; it would give much countenance to the opinion, that the original interference of Chancery in charities, where the cestui que trust bad not a vested equitable interest which might be asserted in a Court of Equity, was founded on that statute, and still depends on it.
These cases, and the idea they suggest, that at the time Chancery afforded~no remedy for the aggrieved, account for the passage of the statute of the
43d of Elizabeth, and for its language, more satisfactorily than any oiher cause which can be assigned.
If, as has been contended, charitable trusts; however vague, could then, as now, have been enforced
in Chancerywhy pass an act to enable the ,Cha.ncellor to appoint commissioners to inquire concerning them, and to make orders for their due execution, which orders were to be revised, i.tablished, altered, or set aside, by him ? If the Chancellor could accomplish this, and was in the practice of accomplishing it in virtue of the acknowledged powers and duties of his office, to what, purpose pass the act? Those who might suppose themselves interested in these donations, would be the persons to bring the case before the commissioners; and the same persons would have brought it before the Chancellor, had the law afforded them the means of doing so. The idea, that the commissioners were substituted for the Court as the means of obtaining intelligence .not otherwise attainable, or of removing inconveniences in prosecuting claims by original bill which had been found so

OF THE UNITED STATES.

great as to obstruct the course of justice, is not war- 1819.

ranted. by the ·language of the act, and is disproved Bpaa-ptsisttAAs

by the efforts which were soon made, and which soon iociation

prevailed, to proceed by way of original.

Hav'r

The statute recites,- that whereas lands, money,.

&c. had been heretofore given, &c. some for the re-

lief of aged, impotent, and poor people, &c. which

lands, &c. " nevertheless, have not been employed

according to the charitable intent of the givers and

founders thereof, by reason of"-what ? of the diffi-

culty of discovering that such trusts had been created .

or of the expensiveness and inconvenience of the

existing remedy'? No. " By reason of frauds,

breaches of trust, and negligence in those that should

pay, deliver, and employ the same." That is by'rea-

son of fraud, breach of trust, and negligence of the

trustees. The statute then proceeds to give a re-

medy for these frauds, breaches of trust, and negli-

gences, Their existence was known when the act

passed, and was the motive-for passing it. No negli-

gence or fraud is charged on the Court, its officers,

or the objects of the charity; only on the trustees.

Had there been an existing remedy for their frauds

and negligences, they could not, when known, have

escaped that remedy.

There seem to have been two motives, and they

were adequate motives, for enacting this statute:

The first, and greatest, was to give a direct remedy to

the party aggrieved, who, where the trust was vague,

had no certain and safe remedy for the injury sus-

tained; who might have been completely defeated

by any compromise between the heir of the feoffor

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. and the, trustee; and who had no means of cornBappti'st AAs.pelling the heir to perform the trust, should he enter .sociation for the -condition broken. The second, to remove
Hart'vx'rs. the doubts which existed, whether these charitable donations were included within the previous prohibitory statutes. We have no trace, in any book, of an attempt in the Court of Chancery, at any time anterior to the statute, to enforce one of these vague bequests to charitable uses. If we have no reports of the decisions in Chancery at that early period, we have reports of decisions at' common law, which. notice points referred by tle Chancellor to the judges. Immediately after the passags of the statute, we find, that questions, on the validity of wills containing charitable bequests, were propounded to, ind decided by, the law judges. Collison's case was decided in the 15th of James I., only seventeen years after the passage of the act, and the devise was declared to be void at law, but good under the'statute. Two years prior to this, Griffith Flood's 'case, reported in Hobart, was propounded by the Court of Wards to the judges ; and, in that case too, it was decided, that the will was void at law, but good under the statute. Had the Court of Chancery taken cognizance before the statute, of devises and bequests to charitable uses, which were void at law, similar questions must have arisen, and would have been referred to the Courts of law, whose decisions on them would be found in the old reporters. Had it been 'settled before the statute, that such devises were good, because the use was charitable, these questions could not have arisen

OF THE UNITED STATES.

39

alterwards; or, had they arisen, would have been 1819.'

differently treated.

Baptist As-

Although the earliest decisions we have, trace the sociation

peculiar law of charities to the statute of Elizabeth, and although nothing is to be found in our books to justify the opinion, that Courts of Chancery, in the exercise of their ordinary jurisdiction, sustained, anterior to that statute, bequests for charitable uses, which would have been void on principles applicable to other trusts, there are some modern dicta in cases

Hart'sEx'ri eCharitablebe-
no legal inter-
enstd iwshivchesteadr,e
toovaguetobe claimed by thosetor whom the beneficial
itnent edreeds,twcaansnino-t be established
by a court of

respecting prerogative, and where the proceedings' ecq~uiiety, tehneefoor-

are on the part of the king, acting as parenspatrie, ing. aspavres

which have been much relied on at the bar, and pendetoindthe

statute 43d of

ought not to be overlooked by the Court.

Elizabeth.

In 2 Peere Will. 119. the Chancellor says, "In

like manner, in the case of charity, the king, pro

bono publico, has an original right to superintend the

care thereof; so that, abstracted from the statute of

Elizabeth relating to charitable uses, and antecedent

to it, as well as since, it has been every day's prac-

tice to file informations in chancery, in the Attorney

General's name, for the establishment of charities."

" This original right" of the crown, " to super-

intend the care" of charities, is no more than that

right of visitation, which is an acknowledged branch

of the prerogative, and is certainly not given by statute. The practice of filing an information in the name of the Attorney General, if, indeed, such a practice existed in those early times, might very well grow out of this prerogative, and would by no
means prove, that, prior to the statute, the law respecting charities was what it has been since. These

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

181g., words were uttered for the purpose of illustrating

"'
Baptist

As-

the original

power of the crown over

the persons

and

sociation estates of infants, not with a-view to any legal dis-

xartsE'r.x

tinction between a legacy to charitable and other objects.
Lord Keeper Henly, in I Sir Win. Blackstone's Reports, 91., says, " I take the uniform rule of this Court before, at, and after the statute of Elizabeth, to have been, that where the uses are charitable, and the person has in himself full power to convey, the Court will aid a defective conveyance to such uses.

Thus, the devises to corporations were void under
the statute of Hen. VIII. ; yet they were always
considered as good in equity, if given to charitable
uses.))

We think we cannot be mistaken when we say, that no case was decided between the statute of mortmain, passed in the reign of Hen. VIII., and the statute of Elizabeth,' in which a devise to a corporation was held good. Such a decision would have overturned principles uniformly acknowledged in that Court. The cases of devises, in mortmain, which have been held good, were decided since the statute of Elizabeth, on the principle, that the latter statute repeals the former so far as relates to charities. The statute of Geo. If. has been uniformly construed to repeal, in part, the statute of Elizabeth, and charitable devises comprehended in that act have, ever since its passage, been declared void. On the same reason, similar devises must, subsequent to the statute of Henry VIII. and anterior to that of Elizabeth, have been also declared void. It is remarka-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ble that, in this very-case, the Lord Keeper declares 1819.

one of the charities to be void, because it is contrary Baptist As-

to the statute of mortmain, passed in the reign of sociation V.
Geo. It. All the respect we entertain for the Re- Hart'sEx'rm.

porter of this case, cannot prevent the opinion, that

the words of the Lord Keeper have been inaccurately

reported. If not, they were inconsiderately uttered.

The principles decided in this case are worthy of-

attention: "Two questions," says the report, "arose,

Ist. Whether this was a conveyance to charitable uses

under the statute of Elizabeth, and therefore, to be

aided ly this court. 2d. Whether it fell within the

purview of the statute of mortmain, 9th of Geo. IL,

and was therefore a void disposition."

It is not even suggested that the defect of the con-

veyance could be remedied otherwise than by the

statute of Elizabeth. The Lord Keeper says, " the.

conveyance of the 22d of June, 1721, is admitted

to be defective, the use being limited to certain

officers of the corporation, and not to the corpo-'

rate body; and therefore there is a want of persons

to take in perpetual succession." (The very defect

in the conveyance under the consideration of this

court.) " The only doubt," continues the Lord

Keeper, " is, whether the Court should supply this

defect, for the benefit of the charity, under the statute

of Elizabeth."

It is impossible, we think, to understand this decla-

ration, otherwise than as an express admission, that a

conveyance to officers, who compose the corporate

body, instead of the corporate body itself, or in other

words, a conveyance to any persons not incorporated

VOL. IV.

6

42

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. to take in succession, although for charitable purposes, Bapti'st As- would be void if not supported by the statute of Elisociation zabeth.
Hart'sEx'Vrs. After declaring the conveyance to be good, the Lord Keeper proceeds: "The conveyance, therefore, being established under the statute of Elizabeth, we are next to consider how it is affected under the statute of the 9th of Geo. II." The whole opinion of the Judge, in this case, turns upon the statute of Elizabeth. He expressly declares the conveyance to be sustained by that statute, and in terms admits it to be defective without its aid. The dictum, therefore, that before that statute, courts were in the habit of aiding defective conveyances to charitable uses, either contradicts his whole opinion on the point before him, or is misreported. The probability is, that the Judge applied this dictum to cases which occurre4, not to cases which were decided before the statute. This application of it would be supported by the authorities, and would accord with his whole opinion in the case. In the case of the Attorney General v. Bowyer,'
the Chancellor, speaking of a case which occurred before the passage of the statute of wills, says, " It does not appear that this Court, at that period, had cognizance upon information for the establishment of charities. Prior to the time of Lord Ellesmere, as far as tradition i?) times immediately following goes, there were no such informations as this on which I am now sitting, but they made out the case as well as they could by law."
a 3 Ves. Jun. 725.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Without attempting to reconcile these seemingly 1s9. contradictory dicta, the co'urt will proceed to inquire Baptist Aswhether charities, where no legal interest is vested, "Sociation and which are too vague to be claimed by those for Mat'sEx'rs. whom the beneficial interest was intended, c6uld be established by a court of equity, either exercising its ordinary jurisdiction, or enforcing the prerogative of the King as parens patrice, before the 43d of Elizabeth.
The general principle, that a vague legacy, the object of which is indefinite, cannot be established iii a court of equity, is admitted. It follows, that he who conteids that charities formed originally an exception to the rule, must prove the proposition. There being no reported cases on the point anterior to the statute recours6 is had to elementary writers, or to the opinions given by judges of modern times.
No elementary writers sustain this exception as a part of the law of England. It may be considered as a part of the civil code, on which our proceedings in chancery are said to be founded; but that code is not otherwise a part of the law of England than as it has been adopted and incorporated by a long course of decisions. The whole doctrine of the civil law, respecting charities, has certainly not been adopted. For example: by the civil law, a legacy to a charity, if there be a deficiency of assets, does not abate; by the English law, it does abate. It is not, therefore, enough to show that, by the civil law; this legacy would be valid. It is necibssary to go farther, and to show, that this principle of the civil law has been ea-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. grafted into the jurisprudence of England, and been B~aptist As- transplanted into the United States.
sociation In White v: White, ° the testator had given a legacy
Hart'sEx 'rs. to the Lying-in -1ospital which his executor should appoint, and afterwards struck out the name of the executor. The legacy was established, and it was referred to a Master to say to which Lying-in Hospital it should be paid. In giving this opinion, Lord Thurlow said, "the cases have proceeded upon notions adopted'from the Roman and civil law, which are very favourable to charities, that legacies given to public uses'not ascertained, shall be applied to some proper object." These expressions-apply, perhaps exclusively,to that class of cases in which legacies given to one charity have, since the statute of Elizabeth, been applied to another; or, in which legacies given so vaguely as that the object cannot be precisely defined, have been applied by the crown, or by the Court, acting in behalf of the crown, to some charitable object of the same kind. White v. White was itself a case of that description; and the words "legacies given to public uses not ascertained," "applied to some proper object," seem to justify this construction. If this be correct, the sentiment advanced by Lord Thurlow, would amount to-nothing more than that the cases in which this extended construction was given to the statute of Elizabeth proceed upon notions adopted from the'Roman and civil law. Butif Lord Thurlow used this language under the
a I Bro. Ch. Cas. 15.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

impression that the whole doctrine of the English 1819. Chancery, reJative to charities, was derived from the 3aptist As-
civil law, it will not be denied that his opinions, even sociation when not on the very point decided, are entitled to great Hart'sEx'rq. respect. Something like the same idea escaped Lord Eldon in the case of Moggridge v. Thackwell.a Yet upon .other occasions, different opinions have been advanced', with an explicitness which supports the idea, that the Court of Chancery in England does not understand these dicta as they have been understood by the counsel for the plaintiff. In the case of Morrice v. The Bishop of Durham,b where the devise was to the Bishop, in trust, to dispose of the residue "to such objects of benevolence and liberality as he, in his own discretion, should most approve," the bequest was determined to be void, and the legacy decreed to the next of kin. The. Master of the Rolls said, " I n this court, the signification of charity is derived principally from the statute of Elizabeth. Those purposes are considered charitable, which that statute enumerates, or which, by analogies, are deemed within its spirit and intendment." This case afterwards came before the Chancellor, who affirmed the decree, andsaid, "I 'say with the Master of the Rolls, a case has not yet been decided, in which the court. has executed a charitable purpose, unless the will contains a description of that
which the law acknowledges to be a charitable purpose, or devotes the property to purposes of charity in general. TM
The reference made bythe Chancellor to the words of the Master of the Rolls, whose language he adopts,

et 7 Ves. 36,

& 9 Ves. 399.

c 10 Ves. 540.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. proves that he uses the term "1law" as synonymous
Baptist As- with "the statute of Elizabeth." sociation Afterwards, in the same case, speaking of a devise
V.
Hart'sEx'rs. to charity generally, the Chancellor says, "it is the duty of the trustees, or of the crown, to apply the money to charity, in the sense which the determinations have affixed to the word in this Court: viz. either such charitable purposes as are expressed in the statute, or to purposes analogous to those." He adds, " charitable purposes, as used in this Court, have been ascribed to many acts described in, that statute, and'analggous to those, not because they can with propriety be called charitable, but as that denomination is, by the statute, given to all the purposes described.". It has been also said that a devise to a charity generally is good, because the statute of Elizabeth uses that term. These quotations show that Lord Eldon, whatever may have been the inclination of his mind when he determined the case of Moggridge v. Thackwell, was, on more mature consideration, decidedly of opinion, that the doctrines of the Court of Chancery, peculiar to charities, originated not in the civil law, but in the
statute of Elizabeth. This opinion is entitled to the more respect, because it was given after an idea, which might be supposed to conflict with it, had been insinuated by Lord Thurlow, and in some degree followed by himself; it was given in a case which required an investigation of the question; it was given, too, without any allusion to the dicta uttered by Lord Thurlow and himself; a circumstance which would

OF THE UNITED STATES.

47

scarcely have occurred, had he understood those dicta 1819.

as advancing opinions he was thep denying.

It "
Baptist As-

is the more to be respected, because it is sustained sociation

by all the decisions which took place, and all the opi- Hart' 'rs.

nions expressed by the judges soon after the passing

of the statute of Elizabeth. In 1 Ch. Cas. 134. a

devise to the Parish of Great Creaton, the Parish not

being a corporation, was held to be void independent

of the statute, but good under it. So, in the same

book, p. 267. on a devise to a corporation which was

misnamed, the Lord Keeper decreed the charity un-

der the statute, though before the statute no such de-

vise could have been sustained. The same point is

decreed in the same book, p. 195. and in many other

of the early cases. These decisions are totally in-

compatible with the idea that the principles on which

they turned were derived from the civil law.

There can be no doubt that the power of the crown

to superintend and enforce charities existed in very

early times; and there is much difficulty in marking

the extent of this branch of the royal prerogative be-

fore the statute. That it is a branch of the preroga-

tive, and not a part of the ordinary power of the

Chancellor, is sufficiently certain. Blackstone, in

v. 3. p. 47. closes a long enumeration of the extra-

ordinary powers of the Chancellor, with saying, "He

is the general guardian of all infants, idiots, lunatics;

and has the general superintendance of all charitable

uses in the kingdom ; and all this over and above the

vast and extensive jurisdiction which he exercises in

his judicial capacity in the Court of Chancery'" lit

the same volume, p. 487. hie says, "the king, as parens

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. patrce, has the general superintendance of all chariBaptist As- ties, which he exercises by the keeper of his con-
sociation science, the Chancellor ; and, therefore, whenever it is
Hart'sEx'rs. necessary, the attorney general, at the relation of some informant, files, ex officio, an information in the Court of Chancery, to have the charity properly established." The author of "A Treatise of Equity"' says, "so, anciently in this realm, there were several things that belonged to the king as parenspatria;,and fell under the care and direction of this Court: as, charities, infants, idiots, lunatics, &c." Cooper,in his chapter on the jurisdiction of the Court, says, "the jurisdiction, however, in the three cases of infants, idiots or lunatics, and charities, does not belong to the, Court of Chancery as a court of equity, but as administering the prerogative and duties of the crown. " " It would be waste of time to multiply authorities to this point, because the principle is familiar to the profession. It is impossible to look into the subject, without perceiving and admitting it. Its extent may be less obvious. We now find this prerogative employed in enforcing donations to charitable uses, which would not be valid if made to other uses; in applying them. to different objects thahi those designated by the donor; and in supplying all defects in the instrument by which the donation is conveyed, or in that by which it is administered. It is not to be admitted that legacies not valid in themselves, can be made so by force of prerogative,
a Cooper's Eq. Pl. 27.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

in violation of private rights. This superintending i819.

power of the crown, therefore, over charities, must be

7

Baptist As-

confined to those which are valid in law. If, before sociation

the statute of Elizabeth, legacies like that under consi- H .t'sExis.

deration would have been established, on information filed in the name of the Attorney General, it would

furnish a strong argument for the opinion, that some principle was recognised prior to that statute, which

gave validity to such legacies.

But although we find dicta of Judges, asserting,

that it was usual before the statute of Elizabeth, to

establish charities, by means of an information filed.

by the Attorney General; we find no dictum, that

charities could be established on such information, where'the conveyance was defective, or the donation was so vaguely expressed, that the donee, if not

a charity, would be incapable of taking; and the thing given would vest in the heir or next of kin.

All the cases which have been cited, where charities

have been established, under the statute, that were deemed invalid independent of it, contradict this

position. In construing that statute, in a preceding part-of

this opinion, it was shown, that its enactments are

sufficient to establish charities not previously valid. It affords, then, a broad foundation for the superstruc 7

ture which has been erected on it.' And, although. many of the cases go, perhaps, too far ; yet, on a review of the authorities, we think they are to be considered as constructions of the statute not entirely to be justified, rather than as proving the existence of

some other principle concealed in a dark and remoto,

VOL. IV.

.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. antiquity, and giving a rule in cases of charity which Baptist As- forms an exception to the general principles of, our
sociation law.
V.
Iart'sEx'rs. 1. But even if in England the power of the king as
But even if,
i,:lharEitnabgolalend,bea. parenspatrice would, independent of the statute, exqnauteusrte 6fcotuhlids tend to a case of this description, the inquihy would be enforced by stil] remain how far this principle would govern in
virtue of the
king's prerg- the courts of the United States. Into this inquiry,
ative as parms
Uhowfa.rfa1r .rtehis however, it is unnecessary to enter, because it can principle is ap. arise only where the' Attorney-General is made a
courts of the
United States? party. The Court has taken, perhaps, a more extensive
view of this subject, than the particular case, and the question propounded onit, might be thought to require. Those who are to take this legacy beneficially, are not before the Court, unless they are represented by the surviving members of the Baptist Association, or by the present corporation. It was, perhaps, sufficient to shov, that they are not represented by either. This bqing the case, it may be impossible that a party plaintiff can be made to sue the executor, otherwise than on the information of the Attorney General. No person exists who can aSsert any interest in himself. The cestui que tr~tst can be brought into being only by the selection of those who are named in the will to take the legacy iq trust, and those who are so named, are incapable of taking it. It is, perhaps, decisive of the question propounded to this Court to say, that the plaintiffs cannot take. But the rights of those who claim tle beheficial interest, have been- argued at great length, and with great ability; and there would have

OF THE UNITED STATES.
been some difficulty in explaining satisfactorily, the 1819. reasons why the plaintiffs cannot take, without dis- Baptist As" cussing also, the rights of those for whom they claim. sociation The Court has, therefore, 'indicated its opinion on llart'sEx'z!. the whole case, as argued and understood at the bar.
CERTIFICATE. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Court of the United States, for the Fifth Circuit, and the District of Virginia, and on the question therein stated,' on which the Judges of that Court were divided in opinion, and which was adjourned to this"Cburt, and was argued by counsel: On consideration whereof this Court is of opinion, that the plaintiffs are incapable of taking the legacy for which :this suit, wa instituted; which opinion is ordered to be certified to the said Circuit Court.a
a Vide APPENDIX. NTote I. on CharitableBequests.

OF THE UNITED STATES;

453

(CHANCERY.)
ORR v. HODGSON etux. et al.

Orr
V.
Hodgson-

-Bill for rescinding a contract for the sale of lands, on the ground of defect of title, dismissed with costs.
An alien may take an estate in lands by the act of the parties, as by purchase ; but he cannot take by the act of the law,. as by descent.
Where a person dies, leaving issue, who are aliens, the latter are not deemed his heirs in law ; but the estate descends to the next of kin who have an inheritable blood, in'the same manner as if no such alien issue were in existence.
The 6th article of the treaty of peace between the United States and Great Britain, of 1783, completely protected the titles, of British subjects to lands in the U. S. which would have been liable to forfeiture, by escheat, for the defect of alienage. That articlewas not meant to be confined to confiscations jure belli.
The 9th article of the treaty between the U. S. and G. B., of 1794, applies to the title of the parties, whatever it is, and gives it the same legal validity as if the parties were citizens. It is not necessary that they should show an actual possession or seizin, but only that the title was in them at the time the treaty was made.
The 9th article of the treaty of 1794 did not mean to include any other persons than such as were British subjects or citizens of the U. S.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
The appellant filed his bill in equity in the Court below, stating, that, on the 10th day of January, 1816, he purchased of the defendants, William Hoegson, and Portia, his wife, and John Hopkins, and Cornelia, his wife, a tract of land called Archer's Hope, situate, in the County of James' City, in the St-ate of Virginia, for the sum of 5,000 dollars, and gave his bond to the said I-Iodgson and Hopkins for

454
1819.
""Orr V.
HfoJgson,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.
the payment of the said purchase money. That, at
the time of the purchase, the defendants affirmed to
' n rg t-o h
the plaintif that they were seized in right of the said Portia and Cornelia, of a good, sure, and indefeasible estate of inheritance, in fee simple, in the said tract of land, and had full power and lawful authority to convey the same, and, in consequence of such affirmation, the plaintiff made the purchase, and gave his bond, as aforesaid. And further stating, that he had since discovered that the defendants had no title to -the said lands, but that the title thereto was either vested in the children of the Countess Barziza, or that the Commonwealth of Virginia was entitled to them by escheat. That Colonel Philip Ludwell, a native of the said Commonwealth, being seized in fee of the said lands, had. twq daughters, Hannah and Lucy, born of the same mother, in Virginia. That, some years before the year 1767, he
removed with his family, including his said two daughters, to England, where he died, in the year 1761, having, by his last will, devised all his estates to' his said two daughters, and appointed as their guardians, Peter Paradise, John Paradise of the city of London, and William Dampier. That, Hannah, one- of the -said daughters, married William Lee, a native of Virginia, and died, leaving issue, two daughters the said defendants, Portia Hodgson and Cornelia Hopkins, who are citizens of Virginia, residing. in the District of Columbia. ;That Lucy Ludwell, the other daughter abovementioned, during her infancy, to wit, in May, 1769, at the city of London, married the said John Paradise, a British subject. by

OF THE UNITED STATES.

14,55

whom she had issue, a daughter, by the name of Lucy, born in England, about the year 1770. That the said Lucy Paradise, daughter of the said John and Lucy Paradise, on the 4th of April, 1787, at the said city of London, married Count Barziza, a Venetian subject, by whom she had issue, a son, named John, born in the city of Venice, on the 10th of August, 1796. That the said John Paradise, in the year 1787, came to Virginia with his wife, and returned with her to England, in 1789, where he died, in 1796, having, by his last will, devised all his personal estate, charged with some pecuniary legacies, to'his wife, but making no disposition ofhis real estate, ,and. leaving no issue, but the Countess Barziza. That the said Countess Barziza died intestate, in Venice, on the 1st of August, 1800, leaving her said sons, John and Philip, her only issue; and that neither her sons, nor herself, nor her husband, were ever in the United States. That the said Count Barziza is also dead. Thai the said Lucy Paradise, after the death of the said John Paradise, her husband, treated the said lands.as her own, exercising acts of ownership over the same, and, about the year 1805, rereturned to Virginia, where she died intestate, in 1814, being in possession of said lands at her decease, and leaving no issue but the two sons of Countess Barziza above mentioned, who, at the time of her death, had not become citizens or subjects of any other state or power than Venice and Austria. That by marriage articles, made before the marriage of John Paradise and Lucy Ludwell, between the said John Paradise ef the first part, the said Peter Paradise, his father,

1s19.
V.
Hedgbon.

456,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
Or
V. Hodgsn.

of the second part, the said Lucy Ludwell of the
third part, the said William Dampier of the fourth part, and James Lee and Robert Carry of the fifth part, reciting the said intended marriage, and that

the said,.Peer Paradise had agreed to pay his son 4,0006. sterling at the marriage, and that his executors should pay 4,0001. sterling more to Lee and Carry upon the trusts therein after mentioned. And that the said John Paradise, and Lucy, had agreed,
that all the estates of the said Lucy Ludwell, should be settled as therein after mentioned, but that, by reason of her infancy, no absolute settlement of the same could then be made. It was witnessed, that in consideration of the marriage, and for making provision for the said Lucy Lud well, and the issue of the said John Paradise, on her body to 1ie begotten, and for the consideration of ten shillings to the said John Paradise, paid by the said Lee and Carry, and for divers other good causes and valuable considerations, him, the said John Paradise thereunto moving, he the said John Paradise covenanted with said Lee and Carry, that if the marriage took effect, he would - make, or cause to be made, such acts and deeds as would convey all the estates of the said Lucy Ludwell to the said Lee and Carry, upon trust, as to that part of the real property, which was situate in.
Virginia. .1. To the use of John Paradise for life, remainder'to the use of all or any of the children of the' marriage, for such estates (not exceeding estates tail) as John Paradise and the said Lucy Ludwell, by deed, during the coverture or as the survivor of them, by deed or will should appoint, and in default

OF THE UNITED STATES.

457.

of such appointment, to the use of all the children of
the marriage .astenants in common in tail %vithc. ross remainders in tail, remaind·er tothe use of such per-

1819.
Orr V.
Hodgson

son as the said Lucy Ludwell should appoint, and

in default of such appointment, to the use of the sur-

vivor of John Paradise anid Lucy Ludwell in fee simple. 2. With power to the husband and-wife, to make leases not exceeding twenty-one years. 3. With power to the trustees to sell any part of the estate,

and apply the proceeds to 'the purchase of other

lands in England, subject to the use of the marriage articles. And as to the personal estate of the said Lucy

Ludwel, to the use of John Paradise fbr life, remainder to Lucy Ludwell for life, remainder to the

children of the marriage as the parents should ap-

point, and in default of such appointment, to the use

of all the children of the marriage, share and share

alike: But if there should be no children of the

marriage, or being sucl, if all of them should die before the age of twenty-one, or marriage, then to the

use of such person as the said Lucy Ludwell should appoint, and in default of such appointment, to the

survivor of the said John Paradise and Lucy Ludwell in absolute property. And as to the second of

the said sums of 4,0001. to the trustees upon trust for the use of John Paradise for life, remainder to

Lucy Ludwell for life, remainder to the children of the marriage, in the same manner as the personal

estate of the said Lucy Ludwell was settled: Pro-

vided, that if there should be no issue of the marriage, then to the use of John Paradise in absolute property. Provided, also, that it should and might be

VOL. IV.

468
1819.
Orr
V.
Hodgson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURIT
lawful for the trustees, with the consent of the said John Paradise and Lucy Ludwell, or the survivor of them, and after the death of such survivor, of their or his own authority, to lay out the same in lands in England to the use of John Paradise for life, remainder to Lucy Ludwell for life, remainder to the children of the marriage in the same manner as the lands of the said Lucy Ludwell were settled. That after the death of the said Peter Paradise, tile said John Paradise, as his executor, paid the last mentioned 4,0001. to the trustees aforesaid, who invested it in the British funds, and by deed dated the 8th of December, 1783, and to which the said John Paradise and Lucy Ludwell were parties, they de.dared the same subject to the uses of the marriage settlement. The bill further alleged, that the plaintiffW upon discovering the foregoing circumstances, applied to the defendants, and requested them to rescind the contract, and to deliver up the bond to the plaintiff to be cancelled, the same having been obtained by misrepresentation or through mistake without any consideration valuable in law, and at the same time offered to convey back to them any title, interest or estate, which might have been conveyed to him by the defendants. But that the defendants refused, and threatened to bring a suit at common law'upon the said bond, and to enforce payment thereof, contrary to equity. Concluding with tht. usual. prayer for a discovery, &c. and for a decree rescinding the sale of lands, and that the defendants should be compelled to deliver up the bond to be caacelled, and for further relief, &c.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
To which bill the defendant. demurred. The bill was dismissed by the Court below with costs,, and the cause was brought by appeal to this
Court.

1819.
.rr
Hodgson.

The cause was argued by Mr. Jones for the de- Feb. 18th. fendants' and respondents, no counsel appearing for
the appellant.

Mr. Justice SToR Y delivered the opinion of the warch 1ta. Court, The whole merits of this cause rest upon the question, whether the defendants, Portia Hodgson, and Cornelia Hopkins, took an estate in fee simple, in one moiety of the land stated in the bill, by descent, as nieces"and heirs of Lucy Paradise, widow of John Paradise, upon her death in 1814. If they did, then the contract for the sale of the land to the' plaintiff ought to be fulfilled; if.not,, then-the con-
tract ought to be rescinded. Two objections are urged'against the title. First,
that Lucy Paradise, at the time of her death, was a British subject, and so not capable of passing the land in question by descent ; secondly, if so entitled, yet, upon her death, the land escheated to the commonwealth of Virginia, for want of heirs legally entitled to take the same by descent.
It appears, that Lucy Paradise took her moiety of
the estate in question by d'evise from her father, Philip Ludwell, who was a native of Virginia, where, also, his daughter Lucy was born. Sometime.' before the year 1767, he removed with his family, including this daughter, to England* where he died iia

460,
181g.
" Orr ' V,.
Hodgson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1767. In 1769, this daughter was married in Eng7 land to John Paradise, (a British subject,) by whom
e she had issue a daughter, Lucy, wh was born in England, about 17-0, and who, afterwards, in 1787,.

in England, married Count Barziza, a Venetian subject, by whom she had two sons, one born in Venice in lielruary, 1789, and the other in Venice, in August, 1796, both of whom are now living.' The C6ttess Barziza died in Venice, in August, 1800,
leaving no other issue except her twvo sons, and neither she, nor her husband, nor her sons, were ever in the United States. In the year 1787, John Paradise came with his wife to Virginia, and returned with her to England in the year 1789, where he 'died in 1796.' After the death of her husband, Lucy Para-. dise treated the land in controversy as her own, exercising acts of ownership, over it; and about the year 1805, returned to Virginia, where she died intestate, in ,possession of the land, in 1814, leaving no issue but her two grandsons, the children of the Countess Barziza, and the defendants Portia and Cornelia, her nieces, who would be her heirs at law if no such issue were living. taAkne albien,mpuayt'- From this summary statement, it is clear, that the ,hs.., tut not two sons of the Countess Barziza are aliens to the by descent commonwealth of Virginia, and, of course, cannot

take the estate in question, by descent from their grandmother, unless their disability is removed by the treaty of' 1794. .For though an alien may take Am .estate by the act of the-parties as by purchase; yet he can never take by the act of the law, as by,
descent, for he has no inheritable blood. But the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

objection now supposed to exist is, that under these 1819.

circumstances, although the grandsons cannot, as or aliens, take by descent; yet they answer in some ,.

sort, to the description of " heirs," and, therefore, Hodgeot.

prevent the estate from desconding to the nieces who

have a legal capacity to take, because, strictly speak-

ing, they are not heirs. The law is certainly other-

wise., Where a person dies, leavingZDissue, who are aliens, the latter are not deemed his heirs in law, for they have no inheritable blood, and the estate descends to the next of kin, who have an inheritable
blood, in the same manner as if no such alien issue were in existence.0 In the present case, 1therefore,

sWonhdeirees,al-paevr.. ianrge hisliseunes, wthhoe
,tter are not
deemed his btthe estat descends to the nwheo,,thoafve kiann, ibnlohoedritabinle the

the defendants, the nieces of Lucy Paradise, are her s.,e manner
as if no such
heirs at law, entitled to take by descent, whatever alien issue
were in exis-
estate could rightfully pass to her heirs, unless the tence.

British treaty of 1794 enlarged the capacity of her

grandsons to take by descent, a point which will be

hereafter considered. And this brings us to the other

question in the cause, whether Lucy Paradise, under

the circumstances of the case, had such an estate,

in the land, as could by law pass by descent to her

heirs.

There is no question that she took an estate in

fee simple by devise from her father; but it is

supposed, that although born in Virginia, by her re-

moval to England, with her father, before, and re-

maining there until long after, the American revolu-

tion, she must be considered as electing to remain a,

(a) 2 BL. Com. 249. Duroure v. Jones, 4 T. I. 300. Corn
Dig. .Alien. C. 1.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

19
V. Hodgsou.
'rhe 6th article
9f the British treaty of 17e3, wwaass noot mmeeaanntt
ttoocobneficscoantfiionneds
Jure belli ; but
completely
protected the
ttiihes souf jeBtri
from forfeiture bescheat
fr th defect
of alienage.

British subject, as well by operation of law, as by the statutes of Virginia on this subject, because an alien to that commonwealth. And if she became an alien, then the estate held by her could not pass by descent, but for defect of inheritable blood escheated to the government."
Admitting that Lucy Paradise did so become an alien, it is5 material to inquire what effect the treaty of peace of 1783 had upon her case ; and upon the
best consideration that we can give to it, we are of opinion that the sixth article of that treaty' completely protedted her estate from forfeiture by way of es-
J
cheat for the defect of alienage. That defect was a
disability solely occasioned by the war, and the separation of the colony from the mother country ; and under such circumstances, a seizure of the estate by the government, upon an inquest of office, tor the sup-
posed forfeiture, would have been a confiscation of the property in the sense in which that term is used in the treaty. When the 6th article of the treaty declared, "that no future confiscation should be made," it could not mean to confine the operation of the lan-
guage to confiscations jure belli; for the treaty itself

a Com. Dig, Alien. C. 2. Co. Litt. 2. b. b Which provides, " that there 'shall be no future confiscations made,'nor any prosecutions commenced, against any person or persons, for, or by reason of, the part which he or they may have taken in the present war; "and that no -person shall, on that account, suffer any future loss or damage, either in his person, liberty, or property ; and that those who may be in confinement on such charges, at the time of the 'ratification of the treaty in .America, shall be immediately set at liberty, and the
prosecutions so commenced be discontinued."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

463

eytinguished the war, and, with it, the rights grow- ini9.

ing out of war ; and when it further declared, that Orr no person should, on account of the part he had V. taken in the war, suffer any future loss or damage,

either in his person, liberty, or property, it must have

meant to protect him from all future losses of pro-

perty, which but for the war would have remained

inviolable. The fifth article of the treaty also*mate-

rially illustrates and confirms this construction. It

is there agreed, that Congress shall recommend to the

State legislatures to provide for the restitution of all

estates of British subjects, &c. which had been con-

fiscated. Yet, why restore such estates, if, eo instanti,

they were forfeitable on account of alienage ? This

Subject has been heretofore before us, and although

no opinion was then pronounced, it was most deli-

berately considered. We do not now profess to go

at large into the reasoning upon which our present

opinion is founded. It would requite more leisure

than is eonsistent with other imperious duties; and

we must, therefore, content ourselves with stating, that

the doctrine here asserted is the decided judgment

of the Court.

If the case were: not

protected

by the treaty

of The 9thseceon
of the British

1783, it might b·eco· m·e· . n.·ecessary to consider w- he- tarpepatyieosfto17t9h4e.

ther it is aided by the ninth article o' f the treat,y" of tpiat.rties,ofatththe

1794, which decla, res-,, that British subjects, who now*vwtiansetihnaedter,eaantydi
Coriin~ togives - it the
hold lands in the United States, shall continue toS.lidity as tifthteay-

hold them, according to the nature and tenure of wereitizfens.

It is not neces-

their

respective estates and

titles

therein,

and

that sary that they
should have an

as to such lands, and the legal remedies incident nctualseizinur

ihereto, neither they, nor thetpiorssehioeni.rs or assigns,

.464

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
,.
Hodgson.

-shall be regarded as aliens. It does not appear, by the bill in this case, that Lucy Paradise was in the actual possession or seisin of' the land at the time of the treaty. Nor is it necessary, because the treaty

applies to the title, whatever it is, and gives it the

same legal validity as if the parties were citizens."

But although it does not directly appear by the bill what the title of Lucy Paradise was, at the time of

the treaty ; yet, as the title is asserted in her, both

before and after the treaty, and there is no allegation of any intermediate transfer, it must be presumed in this suit, that She never parted with her title. It follows, that in this view also, her title was Completely confirmed, free from the taint of alienage; and, that

by the express terms of the treaty, it might lawfully pass to her heirs. The 9th article And here it becomes material to ascertain whether
of the British
tay of 1794, the treaty of 1794, under the description of heirs, meant
did not mean
toothiecrudpeersaonrs to include any other persons than such as were Bri-

than Britis4h
tsiu~ercntssofor tthie tish

subjects

or. American

citizens,

at the

time

of

the

United States. descent cast ; and it is our opinion, that the intention

was not to include any other persons. Itcannot be pre-

sumed, that the treaty stipulated for benefits to any

persons who were aliens to both governments. Such a construction would give to this class of cases privileges and immunities far beyond those of the natives of either country; and it would also materially interfere with -the public policy common to both. We have, therefore, no hesitation to reject any interpretation which would give to persons, aliens to both

a Harden v. Fisher, I Wheat. Rep. 300.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

governments, the privileges of both ; and in this predicament are the children of the Countess Barziza. The rule, then, of the common law, which gives theestate to the next heirs having inheritable blood, must prevail in this case.
We have not thought it necessary to go, into an examination of the articles for a marriage settlement entered into between Lucy Paradise and John Paradise, on their marriage, for two reasons : first, the articles were merely executory, and, being entered into by Mrs. Paradise when under age, and not after-
wards ratified: by her, they were not binding upon her; secondly, if they were binding, yet, inasmuch as the only persons in whose favour they could now
be executed, are aliens incapable of holding.the estate to their own use, no Court of Equity would, upon the general, policy of the law; feel itself at liberty to decree in their favour.

s9ig.
Orr
V. Hodgsog.

Decree dismissing the bill affirmed, with costs.a

Mr. Chief Justice MARBRALLdid not'sit in tlhis cause,.

VoL. IV.

1819.
U. States
V.
Howland.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(chANcEaRy.)
The UNITED STATES V. HOWLAND and ALLEN.

The Circuit Court has jurisdiction, on a bill in equity filed by the United States against the debtor of their debtor, they claiming a priority under the act of 1799, c. 128. s. 65. notwithstanding the local law of the State where the suit is brought allows a creditor to proceed against the debtor of lis debtor, by a peculiar process at law.
The Circuit Courts of the Union have Chancery jurisdiction in every
State; they have the same Chancery powers, and the same rules of decision in all the States. The United States are not entitled to priority over other creditors, under the act of 1799, c. i28. s.- 65. upon the ground of the debtor having made an assignment for the benefit of creditors, unless it is proved, that the debtor has made an assignment of ALL his property. -Wherethe deed of assignment conveys only the property mentioned Jn the schedule annexed, and the schedule does not purport to contain all the property of the party who made it, the onus probandiis
thrown on the United States to show that the assignment embraced all the property of the debtor. Upon a bill filed by the United States, proceeding as ordinary creditors against the debtor of their debtor for an account, 4'c. the original debtor to the United States ought to be made a party, and the account taken between him and his debtor.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of .Massachusetts. This was a bill in equity filed in the name of the United States,' in the Court below, stating, that several judgments bad been obtained by the United States on duty bonds, against Shoemaker & Travers, and Jacob Shoemaker and their sureties, amounting tothe sum of 5,292 dollars·; which judgments were obtained in the District Court. of Pennsylvania, at the February term of 1808, and upon which execu-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

109

-dons had issued, which remained in. the marshal's isig. hands unsatisfied; that after the execution of the U". -St"ates duty bonds, but before they were payable, to -wit), V on the 6th of December, 1806, Shoemaker and Travers became insolvent within the true intent and' meaning of the act " to regulate the collection of duties on imports and tonnage :" that on the first of
February, 1808, goods, effects, money and credit of Shoemaker & Travers, to the amount of 6,000 dolL lars, had come to the hands of Howland, & Allen, which, the bill alleged, they refused to subject to the executions of the United States; it prayed, that they
might be compelled' to account for, and deliver up, these goods, &c. in satisfaction of the claim of the United States, and for an injunction in the mean time to restrain them from disposing of, paying away, or in any manner applying the goods, &c. aforesaid, to
any other object. The injunction was, accordingly, awarded. An amendment to the bill stated, that after the. debts to the United States adcrhed by bond as aforesaid, and. after Shoemaker & Travers Ihad be-
come- insolvent, to wit, on the 6th day of December, 1806, they made a voluntary assignment- by deed,
of all their property, for the benefit of their creditors, within the true intent and meaning of the act of.Congress aforesaid, :and an exemplified copy of -thedeed of assignment was annexed tothe amended bill. The deed recited, that the parties being justly indebted to divers persons, whose names are mentioned in a list thereto annexed, and unable :at present to pay the said debts, they assign to trustees therein mentioned,

CASES I 'THE SUPREME COURT

,Bo., all and singular, the estate and effects contained in

a schedule annexed, in trust, to pay the debts due

'U.'States t e.....

r

V. rthe ennmeated creditors, and first, that due to the

IiWIand. United States. The schedule was entitled "'Sche-

dule of property assigned by Shoemaker'& Travers, and Jacob Shoemaker, to the creditors 'f Shoe-

maker and Travers," and contained many items of property, and among others, the proceeds of the cargo of the brig- Deborah, which vessel was then at sea i and belonging to Howland & .Allen, but had beep'_' chartered by Shoemaker & Travers. Howland,&. Allen, by their answer, admitted the receipt, on the 1st of January, 1807, of 4,000 Spanish dollars, the property of Shoemaker & Travers, and which the mas-

ter of the Deborah had received in Guadulope, for

Shoemaker & Travers; but insisted on their right to apply it to an unliquidated debt of-greater amount

(composed of freight, demurrage, damages, &c. the particulars of which are detailed by the answer),due4 as alleged, from Shoemaker & Travers to. them, and applied by an entry in their books, to. the credit of Shoemaker & Travers, at-the time of the receipt of

the money aforesaid. They iInsisted, therefore, on the right of retaining it. To this'answeri there was a general -replication, and the depositions of several

witnesses were taken. The Court below decreed, that the .said Shoemaker
& Travers were, and are, indebted to the. United States, and that they became insolvent, and made an assignment as alleged in the bill, and that there was an outstanding unsettled demand existing in their favour, at the time of their insolvency, against the-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

defendants, arising from the voyage of the brigantine Deborah, and which is s·till unsettled and unpaid, but the Court is not satisfied that the defendants, being merely debtors to said insolvents, are by law liable to this process, and thereupon decree, that the said bill be dismissed. From this decree the present appeal was taken.

1819.
U. States
V.

The Attorney General, for the appellants, argued, reb. 4tlt. I. That the prior right of the United States attached to all the property of Shoemaker & Travers, on the 6th of December, 1806, the time of their insolvency, and the date of the deed of assignment from them. It is immaterial whether the priority of the United. States, in any case, be asserted under the act of 1797,
c. 368. s. 5. or under that of 1799, c. 128. s. 65. rhe decisions, as to this point, under the one statute, are applicable to the other. It is-insisted, that this is one of the cases specified by Congress, in which the .debts due to the United States are to be first satisfied; a case in which the debtor, not having suffi-
cient property to pay all his debts, has made a volun. tary assignment thereof, for the benefit of- his creditors. This is the allegation of the bill, and it is supported by the deed itself. Although the granting clause does jnot literally express it to include all the property of the debtors, yet the clause which gives the power to sell, by using the- words " all the property of them, the said Shoemaker & Travers, and Jacob Shoemaker," clearly. shows, that the assign-
ment was intended to convey all their property. 'The
very objects of the deed, as set forth in: the recitaL

112

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. aids this constructin.-2. If, then, the priority of U. States the United States has attached, a Court of Equity is
V. ,the proper forum in which it should be asserted. A lowland. trust exists, and an account is to be taken. The

Court of Chancery is the only tribunal that can enforce the trust, and take the account, having also the power of calling all the parties before it. Nor are the Chancery powers of the Circuit Court at all affected by the statute of Massachusetts of 1794, c. 64., giving a peculiar process, in the nature of a fo-
reign attachment, by which the creditor may attach in the hands of the debtor of his debtor. The powers and practice of the Circuit Courts, in Chancery cases, are not to be controlled by the local laws of the states where those Courts sit. They are the same throughout the Union.-3. But even supposing that the United States have no priority in this case; they are, on the common footing of ordinary creditors, entitled to an account against Howland & Allen, and to the payment of any sum which, on a settlement of such account, may be found due from them
to Shoemaker & Travers.

Mr. Jones, contra, insisted, 1'That the act of Con-
gress only extended to executors and administrators, or to assignees, hut notto the debtors of the debtors
'of the United States. A Court of Equity cannot have power to settle an account in this way, without some statutory provision to authorize the proceeding. The act of Congress gives no such authority. Shoemaker 8z Travers are not made parties to the bill, and a decree between the United States and the pre-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

118

sen't defendants, would not bind in a suit between the .defendants, and Shoemaker & Travers. Nor is it too late, in the appellate Court, to take advantage of the want of parties.a 2. The cases are uniform,- that in order to enable the priority of the United States to attach upon this ground, the assignment must be of all the debtor's property.b There is here no evidence, either in the deed or in the depositions, that this assignment embraced all the property of Shoemaker & Travers. The power to sell all the property, cannot be construed to enlarge the granting clause, which merely refers to the property mentioned in the schedule anexed to the deed. The defendants claim 'I balance from Shoemaker & Travers, and the right to apply the money received to.the liqui. dation of that balance. They had acquired a special lien upon the money for the payment of this balance, long before the alleged act of insolvency. The Court has repeatedly determined, that if before the right of preference t(t;he United States has accrued the debtor has made a bona fide conveyance of his estate, or has mortgaged it, to secure a debt, the property is devested 'out of the debtor, and cannot be made liable to the claim of the United States.c The spirit of these decisions is, that any bona fide lien will be protected, and not merely an.actual mortgage or hypothecation. All specific liens are highly fa-

1819.
U..States
V.
Howland.

a Russell v. Clark"s Executors, 7 Cranch, 98.

b United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358. United States vi

Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. c United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch 390.

Vnited States -.

llooe, 3 Cranch, t0.

VOL. IV.

15

114

CASES IN TIlE SUPREME COURT.

.isig. voured by the law; such as that of a factor who has

Sadvanced

his money on the credit of the goods, or a

U'. States

,,. .ship-owner who having let out his ship for their trans-

Howland. portatibn, has a right to the same security. It is

true, that the Court has said, that the lien oi a judg-

ment creditor shall not be. protected as against the

prior righit of the United States. But that is upon the ground that the judgment is a mere general lien, not affecting the jus disponendiof the owner of the property, nor vesting any specific interest in the, creditor.

Feb. 171t&.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court. The bill in this case was filed by the United States in the Circuit Court for the district of Massachusetts, to recover from the defendants a sum of money in their hands, alleged to be the money of Jacob Shoemaker and Charles R. Travers, merchants and partners, who are stated to be insol:vents, and to be indebted to the Uhited States for duties.
It appears, that Shoemaker and Travers, on the
6th day of December, 1806, executed an indenture) in which, reciting that they are justly indebted to divers persons, whose riames are expressed in a list thereto annexed, and are unable at present to pay the
said debts, they assign to trustees therein-mentioned, all and singular the estate and effects contained in a sctiedule annexed, in trust, to pay the debt due to the enumerated creditors, and first that due to the United States. The schedule contains many items of property, and among others the proceeds of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

cargo of the'Deborah, then at sea. The Deborah i819. was the property of Howland and Allen ; and on U. States

her coming into port, her, captain delivered to hier V. owners a sum of money which he had received in Howland.

Gu~daloupe for Shoemaker and Travers, and which

is in the schedule annexed to the deed of assignment

already- mentioned. At the hearing the Circuit

Court dismissed the bill; in the opinion that it was

not sustainable. From this decree the United

States have appealed to this Court, and now insist,

1. That it is a case in which a Court of Equity has

jurisdiction.

2. That the United States are entitled to priority,

.this being a case within the provisions of the act of

Congress.

On the first point no difficulty would be found, had
bo A
the 'proper parties been before the Court. 'A trust exists, and an account would be proper, to ascertain· the sum due from Howland and Allen to Shoemaker
,and Travers. The case, even independent of these circumstances, would be proper for a Court of Chancery, but for the act of Massachusetts, which allows a

The right of the U. 8. 'to proceed, in equity, in the
Cagiarcinusitt Couthrte,
debtor of their
debtor, they cairituap.r
acfCon-
nbort ess,ofys
tohfe Mloacsaslachliauw-

creditor to sue the'·debtor of his debtor. Still the r"e- sthetetsc,readllitoowrintgo nedy in Chancery, where all parties' may be brought gainst ,p oceethedeb d at--
or of his debt-
before the Court, is more complete and- adequate, as or, atha, by

the sum actually due may. be there, in such cases, cps.liapro-

ascertained With more certainty and .facility ; and as The Ci uit the.Courts of the Union have a Chancery jurisdic- tCbhsaan-me
ryjurisdiction,

tion in every state, and the judici·ary act confers t.he· prouwleerso,f dcacnid. same Chancery powers on all, and gives, th·e same ssitoant,e.inevery

rule of decision, its jurisdicdon in Massachusetts

must be the same as In other States.-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

'.this being a case of which a Court of Chancery

U. States may take'jurisdiction, we are next to inquire, whe-
v. ther it is one in which the United States are entitled
Ilowland.
Where the to priority. U. S. clai,, This depends on the fact whether the deed cf as-
priority on the
doblatrdnhlavahs- ron fthe sigament executed by Shoemaker and Travers was Shiisgimpnrtoofpaellrtya,tchodneveyance of all their property. The words of

o,essthgdc the deed, after *reciting the.mnotives which led to it, oassinmt and the consideration, are " have granted, &c., and wO,,thc, by these presents, do grant," &c., " all and singular

is thrown uIo,
the U. S. to
show that it
does include all.

the estate and effeCts which is contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked A." The caption,
of the schedule is,. " schedule of property assigned by Shoemaker and Travers, and Jacob, Shoema*ker,to the creditors of Shoemaker and Travers."
The deed then conYys only the property contained in the schedule, and the schedule does not purport to contain all the property of the parties who made it. In such a case, the ppdsumption must -be, that there is property notcontained in the deed, unless the contrary appears.' .The onus probandi is thrown on the United States.
It is contended for the United States, that the clause which gives the power to sell, by using the words " all the property of them,'the said Shoemaker and Travers, and Jacob- Shoemaker," indicate clearly that this deed does 'convey.all their property. But these words are explained and limited by those which follow, so as to show that the word " all" is used in reference to the. schedule, and means all the property in the schedule. The depositions do not aid the deed. The question, whether the whole

OF THE UNITED STATES.

property is assigned, is still left to conjecture, and
this being the fact on which the preference of the. United States is founded, ought to be proved. Not being proved, the Court is of opinion, that thisis not

1819.
U . Howland.

a case in which it can be claimed.

But the United

States are

the creditors

of Shoe-

Upon . bill
filed by the U.

maker and Tramvakeersa,ndTraavrnsandd haavvee a rriihgt ht aa d ccrerietoditors tos so.rdp,inroacryeeding

proceed against their property in the hands of Howland and Allen. They have a right to so much of that property as remains after the debt due -to How-
land and Allen shall be satisfied. But to ascertain this amount, an account between Howland and Allen and the debtors to the United States should'be taken, and the persons against whom the account is to be taken should be parties to the suit. Although, if they

risto det.
or of their
debtor, for en
account, &c., the original debtor to the
u. s. ought K.
be made a par-
ty, and tibaccount talent
banetdwheiesndebthori, .

cannot be found within the district of Massachusetts,

the process of the Court cannot reach them, still they may appear without coercion. At any rate,

an account ought to be taken, since the matter controverted between the parties, is more proper to be

stated by a master than to be decided in Court with-

out stch report.

The decree is to be reversed, and the cause remanded, with directions to allow the plaintiffs to amend the bill and make new parties., The United

States will, of course, be at liberty to take testimo-
ny, showing the assignment to be of all the property of the parties who made it.a

DECREE. This cause came on to be heard on. the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for the district of Massachusetts, and was argued by counsel.
&.Mr. Justice STORY did not sit in the CoaA below in this cause.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
fr1819. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, IT. States ' that the Circuit Court erred in dismissing the bill of
v. the plaintiffs, and that their decree ought to be reIlowland. versed, nd it is hereby reversed and annulled : And
it is further ordered, that the said cause be remanded to the said, Circuit Court, with directions to allow the plaintiffs to amend their bill and make new parties.a
a Theact ofMarch3, 1797, c. 368. entitled," an actto-provide" more effectually for'the settlement of accounts between the United States and receivers of public money," declares, (s. 5.) "That where any revenue officer or other person, hereafter becoming indebted to the United States, by bond or otherwise, shall become insolvent, or where the estate of any deceased debtor, 'in th6 hands of executors or administrators, shall be insufficient to pay ailthe debts due from the deceased, the debt due to the United States shall be first satisfied ; and the priority hereby
established shall be deemed to extend, as well to cases in which a debtor, not having, sufficient property to pay all his debts, shall make a voluntary assignment thereof,, or in which the es.tate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall be attached by pi-ocess of.law, as to cases in which an act of legal bankruptcy shall be committed."
. The collection act of March 2, 1799, c. 128. s. 65. pro-
vid~s, that " in all cases of insolvency, orwhere any estate in the hands of executors, administrators, or assignees, shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt or debts due to the United States, on any such bond or bonds, shall be first satisfied ; and any executor, administrator, or assignee, or other person, who shall pay any debt due by the person or estate from whom, or for which,, they are acting, previous to the debt or debts due to the United States from such person or estate, being first duly satisfied and paid, shall become answerable, in their own person or estate, for the debt or debts so due to the United States, or so much thereof as-may remain due and unpaid, in the proper Court having cognizance thereof:" And, " Tha" if the principal in )ny bond whichshall be given to the United States for duties on goods, wares -

OF THE UNITED STATES.

119

or merchandize imported, or other penalty, either by himself, his factor, agent, or other person, for him, shall be insolvent, or if such principal being deceased, his or her estate and effects, which shall come to the hands of his or her executors, administrators, or assignees, shall be insufficient for the payment of his or her*debts, and if in either of the said cases, any surety on the said bond or bonds, or the executors, administrators or assignees of such surety, shall pay to the United States the money due upon such bond or bonds, such surety, his or her executors, administrators, or assignees, shall have and enjoy the like advantage, priority, or preference, for the recovery and receipt of said moneys, out of the estate and effects of such insolvent, or deceased principal, as are reserved and secured to the United States ; and shall and may bring and maintain a suit or suits, upon the said bond or bonds, in law or equity, in his, her, of their own name, or names, for the recovery of all moneys paid thereon. And the cases of insolvency mentioned in this section shall be deemed to extend, as well to cases in which a debtor, not having sufficient property to pay all his or her debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment thereof for the benefit of his or her creditors, or in which the estate and effects of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall have been attached by process of law, as to cases in which a legal act of bankruptcy shall have been committed."
Under these acts the followingpoints have been determined 1. That the preference given to the United States by the act of 1797, c. 368. s. 5. is not confined to revenue officers, and persons accountable for public money, but extends to debtors of the United States generally. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358. 391. 395. And that the collection act of 1799, c. 128. s. 65. does not repeal the 5th section of the act of 1797, c. 368. though the 65th section of the collection act applies only to bonds taken for those duties on imports and tonnage, which are the objects of the act. lb. 394. The United States are entitled to their preference on a debt due to them by the insolvent as endorser of a bill of exchange, as well as on any other debt. The United States v. Eisher, 2 Cranch, 358.

18.
U. SV.tates -owland.

120

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

U. States
V.
Howland.

2. The acts do not create a lien, nor extend to a bona fide Sconveyance by the debtor to a third person in the ordinary
course of business, or to a mortgage to secure a debt, or to a case where the debtor's property is seized under a fi.fa., before the right of preference has accrued to the United States. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 390. United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. 90. Thellusonv. Smith, ante, vol. 11.p. 396. 424. But the United States are not precluded from asserting their priority, by a voluntary assignment made by the debtor, under such circumstances as would be a fraud on the bankrupt laws. Harrison v. Sterry, 5 Cranch, 289. 301. A mortgage of part of his property made by a collecor of the customs to his surety in his official bond, to indemnify the surety thereon, and also to secure him from his existing and future endorsements for the mortgagor at the bank, is valid against the United States, although it turns out that the collector was unable to pay all his debts at the time the mortgage was given, and although the mortgagee knew at the time of taking the mortgage the mortgagor was indebted to the United States. United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. The priority of the United States is not affected by an assignment under a commission of bankruptcy. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358.
3. A mere state of insolvency or inability in a debtor of. the United States, to pay all his debts, gives no right of preference to the United States, unless it is accompanied by a voluntary assignment of his property for the benefit of his creditors ; or, unless his estate and effects shall be attached as those of an absent, concealed, or absconding debtor ; or, unless he has committed some legal act of bankruptcy or insolvency. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358. United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. Prince v. Bartlett, 8 Cranch, 431. Thelluson v. Smith, ante, vol. II. p. 396. 494. The priority is limited to some one of these particular cases when the debtor is hving; but it takes effect generally, if he is dead. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 390. In this last cited case, Mr. Chief Justiqe MARSHALL intimated his own opinion, that it did not create a devastavit in the administration of effects, and would require

OF TIHE UNITED STATES.

12-1

aotice in order to bind the executor, or administrator, or assignee. lb. 391. nota a.
4. The assignment must be of ALL the debtor's property. United States v. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. 91. If,however, a tri-vial portion of an estate should be left out for the purpose of evading the act, it would be considered as a fraud upon the law, and the parties would not be allowed to avail themselves of such a contrivance. But where a bona fide conveyance of part is made, not to avoid the law, but to secure'a fair creditor, the case is not within the acts. lb. 91.
5. The pri6rity attaches at the time of the insolvency manifested in any of the modes specified in the acts, whether a suit has been commenced by the United States or not. United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 395.
6. In the distribution of a bankrupt's effects in this country, the United States are entitled to a preference, although the debt was contracted by a foreigner in a foreign country, and although the United States had proved their debt under a commission of bankruptcy in this country, and had voted for an assignee. The law of the place, where the contract is made, is, generally speaking, the law of the contract ; i. e. it is the law by which the contract is to be expounded. But the right of priority forms no part of the contract itself. It is extrinsic, and is rather a personal privilege dependent on the law of the place'where the property lies, and where the court sits which is to decide the cause. Harrison v. Sterry, 5 Cranch, 289. 298.
7. Though a judgment gives to a judgment creditor a lien on the debtor's lands, and a preference over all subsequent judgment creditors, yet the acts defeat this preference in -favour of the United States in the cases specified. Thelluson v. Smith, ante, vol. II. p. 396. 423.

U. States
V. Howland.

VOL. IV

816

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

MICulloch
V.
Stauo f M;ryland.

4,coPFTITUTIOzi~AL LAW.)
IWCULLOCH V. 'The STATE -J1MARYLAND et al.

Congress has power to incorporate a Bank. The government of the Union is a government Qf the People' it
v anates from them; itspowers are granted by.them ;,and are to be e~ercised directly on them,. and for their benefit. The government of. the Union, though limited 'inits powers, is supreme within its sphere of action; and its laws,-when made in pursuance of the constitution, form the supreimie lKw of the land. .There is nothing in the- Cpnstitution of tbp Unitpd States, similar to the articles-of Confederation, which exclude incidental or implied powers. If the end be legitimate, and within the scope of the constitution, all
peeano which are appropriate, which are plainly adapted to that enid, and which are not prohibited, may constitutionally be erployed tocarry it'into effect. The power of establishing a c~rporation is not a distinct sovereign powr o #4 qf government, but only the mcaps of carrying into ect other-powers which are sovereign. - Whenever it becomes an appropriate means of exercising any of the powers given by te - constitution to the government of the Union, it may be exercised by thatgovernmdnt. If,"certain e~ens to arr ipt, effect any of the powers, . expresgy
fiven by the constitution to the government of the Union, be am appropiato measure., potprohibited bythe constitution, the degree of, its necessity is a question of legislative discretion, not of: 9dicial cegn'Lzanee.
The act of the 10th April, 1816, c. 44., to "incorporate the subscri-. bers to the Bank of the United States," is a law made. inpursuance of. the o6nstitution.
Tse Bank of the United States has, constitutionally, a right to establish its branches or offices of discount and deposit within any,State.
The State, within which such brafich may be established, cannot, witbut violating the constitutio'n, tax that branch;
The State. governments have no-right to tax any of tie constitutional
means employed, by the goverment of -theUnion to execute its coistitutiolial powers.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

317

'The States have no power, by taxation, or otherwise, to retard, im- 1819.

pede, burden, or in any manner controul the operations of the con-

stitutional laws enacted by Congress, to carry into effect the powers MICulloch

vested in the natioajal government.

State

V.
of

Ma-

This principle does not extend to a tax paid. by the real property of the Bank of the United States, in common with the other real

ryland.

property in a particular State, nor to a tax imposed on the proprie-

tary interest which the citizens of that State may hold in this in-

stitution, in .common with other property -of the same description

throughout the State.

ERROR to the Court of Appeals of the State of
Maryland. This was an -action of debt brought by the de-
fendant in error, John James, who sued as well for himself as for the State of Maryland, in the County Court of Baltimore County, in the said State, against the plaintiff in error, M'Culloch, to recover certain penalties under the act of the legislature of Maryland, hereafter mentioned., Judgment being rendered .against the plaintiff in error, upon the following
statement of facts, agreed and submitted, to the Court by the parties, was affirmed. by the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland, the highest Court of law of said State, and the cause was brought, by writ of error, to this Court.
It is admitted by the parties in this cause, by their counsel, that there was passed on the 1Oth day of April, 1816, by the Congress of the United States, 4n act, entitled, "1an act to incorporate the subscribers to the Bank of the United States;" and that there was passed, on the I lth day of February, 1818, by the General Assemblyof Maryland, an act, entitled, " an act to impose a tax on all Banks, or branches thereof,
inthe State of Maryland, not charteredby the legis-

318

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

o19.
MM'Cullloch
v.
State of Ma-
ryland.

,tre,w"hich said acts are made part of this state-

ment, and it is agreed may be read from the statute

books in which they are respectively printed. It is

further admitted, that the President, Directors and

Company of the Bank of the United States, incor-

porated by the act of Congress aforesaid, did organ-

ize themselves, and go into full operation n the City

of Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsylvania, in pur-

suance of the said act, and that they did on the

day of

eighteen hundred and, seventeen, es-

tablish a branch of the said Bank, or an office of

discount and deposit in the city of Baltimore, in the

state of Maryland, which has from that time until

the first day of May, eighteen hundred and eighteen,

Over since transacted and carried on business as a Bank,

or office of discount and deposit, and as a branch of

the said Bank of the United States, by issuing'Bank

notes an(d discounting promissory notes, and perform-

ing other operations usual and customary for Banks

to do and perform, under the authority and by the di-

rection of the said President, Directors and Company

of the Bank of the United Sates, established at Philadelphia'as aforesaid. It is further admitted, that the

said President,., Directors and Company of the said

Bank, had no authority to establish the said branch,

or office of discount and deposit at the city of Balti-

more, from the State of Maryland, otherwise than

the said State having adopted the Constitution of

the !inited-,States and composing, one-of the States

of the Union. It is further admitted, that James

William M'Culloch, the defendant below, being the

cashier of the said branch or office of discount and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

319

deposit, did, on the several days set forth in the de- 1819. slaration in thiscause, issue the said respective Bank M'Culloch notes therein described, from the said branch, or v. office, to a certain George Williams, ih the city of StSartyelaonfdMQ ' Baltimore, in part payment of a promissory note of the said Williams, discounted by the said branch or office, which said respective Baik notes were not, nor was either of them, so issued oi stamped paper in the manner prescribed by the act of Assembly aforesaid. It is further admitted, that the said President, Directors and Company of the Bank of the United States, and the said branch or office of discount and depo-
sit.have not, nor has either of them, paid in advance, or otherwise, the sum of fifteen thousand dollars, to the Treasurer of the Western shore, for the use of the State of Maryland, before the issuing of the said notes, or any of them, nor since, those periods. And it is further admitted, that theTreasurer of the Western Shore of Maryland, under the direction of the Governor and Council of the said. State, was ready, and offe-ed to deliver to the said President, Directors and Company of the said Bank, and to the said branch, or office of discount and deposit, stamped paper of the kind and denomination required and described in the said act of Assembly.
The question submitted to the Court for their-decision in this case, is as to the validity of the said act of the General Assembly of Maryland, on the ground of its being repugnant to the constitution of the United States, and the act of Congress aforesaid, or toone of them. Upon the foregoing statement of facts, and the pleadings in this cause, (all errors in,

320

ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

,s119w;hich' are hereby agreed to be mutually released,) if " the Court should be of opinion that the plaintiffs are
v. entitled to recover, then judgment it .is agreed shall ?yland. &ate of Ma- be entered for the plaintiffs for twenty-five hundred
dollars, and costs of suit. But if the Court should be of opinion that the plaintiffs are not entitled to recover upon the statement and pleadings aforesaid, then judgment of non pros shall be entered, with costs to the defendant.
It is 'agreed that either party may appeal, frov2 the decision of the County Court, to the Court of Ap,peals, and from the decision of the Court of Appeals to the Supreme Court of the United States according, to the modes and usages of, law, and have the
same benefit of this statement of facts, in the same manner as could be.had if a jury had been sworn and empannelled ihthis cause, and a special verdict had been found, or these facts had appeared and been stated in an exception taken to the opinion of the Court, and the Court's direction to,the jury thereon.

Copy of the Act of the Legislature%of the State of Maryland, referred to, in the prededing statement.

An Act to impose a Tax on all Banks or Branches thereof in the State of Maryland, not'charteredby the Legzslature.

Be it enacted by the General Assembly of Maryland, That if any Bank has established, or shall without authority from the State first had and ob-
tained, establish any branch, office -of discount and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

deposit, or office of pay and receipi, in any part Of this State, it shall not be lawful for the said branch, office of discount' and deposit, or office of pay 'andreceipt, to issue notes in any, manner, of any
other denomination than five, ten, twenty, fifty, one 'hundred, fiv.e hundred and one-thousand dollars, and no note shall be issued except upon stamped paper of the following denominations; that is to say, every five dollar note shall be upon a stamp of ten cents; every ten dollar note upon a stamp of twenty cents; every twenty dollar note, upon a stamp of thirty cents; every fifty dollar note, upon a stamp of fifty cents; every one hundred dollar note, upon a stamp of one dollar; every five hundred dollar note, upon a stamp of ten dollars; and, every thousand dollar note, upon a stamp of twenty dollars; which paper shall be furnished by the Treasurer of the Western Shore, under the direction of the Governor and .Council, to be paidfor upon delivery; Provided always, That any institution of the above description may relieve itself from the operation of the provi-

1819.
M'CuUoch
V.
State of Ma-
ryland.

sions aforesaid, by paying annually, in advance, to the Treasurer of the Western Shore, for the use of the State, the sum of fifteen thousand dollars.
·A-d be it enacted, That the President, Cashier,

each of the Directors and Officers of every institution established, or to be established as aforesaid, offending against the provisions aforesaid, shall forfeit a sum of five hundred dollars for each and every offence, and every person having any agency in circulating any note aforesaid, not stamped as aforesaid directed, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding one hurt,

VOL. IV.

41

3522,

.CASES 1N THE .SUPREME COURT

12i9. · ulic Statevof.M.a-
ryland.

dred dollars; every penalty aforesaid to be recovered
by, indictment, or action of debt, in the County Court of the county where the offence shall be cornmitted, one half to the informer, and the other half to t'he use of the State.
And be it enacted, That this act shall be in full
force and effect from and after the first day of May
next.

F27etbh., a2n2d6d- Mr. W-Vebster, for the plaintiff in error, L.stated,

Marchi-" that the question whether Congress constitutionally

3d.

possesses the power to incorporate a bank, might be

raised upon this record ; -and it was inthe discretion of the defendant's counsel to agitate it. But it might have..been hoped that it Was not now to be considered as an open question. It is a questiowof the utmost magnitude, deeply interesting to the, government itself, as well as to individuals. The mere discussion of such a question. may. most essentially
affect the value of a vast amount of private property. We are bound to suppose that the defendant in error is well aware of these consequences, and would not have intimated an intention to agitate'such a ques-' .tion, but with a real design to make it a topic 'of serioJs discussion, and with' a,view of demanding ,upon 'it the, solemn judgment of this Court. ,This

a.This case involving a constitutional question of great pub-
tic importance,. and th sovereign rights of-the United States and the State of Maryland ; and the government of the United States: having directed their Attorney' General 'to. appear for the;'plaintiff in error,' the Court dispensed with its general.rule, -permitting only two counsel to argue for each party.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

323

question arose early after the adoption of the consti- 1819. tution, and was discusstd, and settled, as far as legis- M'Cullooh lative decision could settle it, in the first CongrefsisS. tate vof.MiThe arguments drawn from the constitution in fa- rylaad. Your of this power, were stated, and exhausted, in that discussion. They were-exhibited, with characteristic perspicuity and force,,hy the first Secretary of the Treasury, in his report to the President of the United States. The first Congress created and incorporated a bank.a Nearly e~ich succeeding Congress, if not every one, has acted and legislated on the presumption of the legal existence of such a power in the government. hidividuals, it is true, haZ doubted, or thought otherwise ; bhut it cannot be shown that either. branch of the legislature has, at any time, expressed an opinion against the existence of the power.. The executive government has acted upon it; and the courts of law have acted upon it. Many of those who doubted or denied 'the existence of the power, when first attempted to be exercised, have yielded to the first decision, and acquiesced in it, as a settled question. When all branches of the government have thus been acting on the existence of this power nearly, thirty years, it would seem almost too late to call it~i question, unless its repugnancy with the constitution were plain and manifest. Congress, by the constitution, is invested With ,certain. powers; and, as to the objects, and within
the scope of these powers, it is sovereign. Even without the aid of the general clause in the constitu-

,z Act of February 5th, 1791, c. 84.

324

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. tion, empowering Congress to pass all necessary and
M'ollc proper laws for carrying its powers into execution, State V9f.Ma- the grant of powers itself necessarily implies the
ryland. grant of all usual and suitable means for the execution of the powers granted. Congress may declare
war: it may consequently carry on war, by. armies and navies, and other suitable means aiqd methods of warfare. So it has power to raise a revenue, and to apply it in the stipport of the government, and defence of the country. It may, of course, use .all proper and suitable means, not specially prohibited, in the raising and disbursement of the revenue. And if, in the progress of society and the arts, new means arise, either of carrying on war, or of raising revenue, these new means doubtless would be properly considered as within the grant. Steam frigates,
for example, were not in the minds of those who framed the constitution, as'among the means of na-
val warfare ; but no one doubts the power of Congress to use them, as means to an authorized end. It is not enough tosay, that it does not appear that -a bank was in the contemplation of the framers of
the constitution. It was not their intention, in these cases, to enum erate particular§. The true view of the subject is, that if, it be a fit instrument to an atnthorized purpose; it may be used, not being specially prohibited.. Congress is authorized to pass all laws "necessary and proper"1· to carry into execution the powers conferred on it. These words, "necessary and proPier ," in such an instrument, are probably to be considered as synonimous. Necessary pdwvers must hero intend,. such powers as : e suitdble and

OF THE UNITED STATES,

326

fitted to the object such as are best and most useful lm,' in relation to the end .proposed. - If this be not so, ' ,oh and if qongress could use no means but such as were , , v. absolutely indispensable to the exisince of a: granted State o Mapower, the government would hardly exist ; at least, it would be wholly inadequate to the purposes of its formation. A bank is a proper and suitable instrument to assist the operations of the government, in the collection and disbursement of the revenue ; in the occasional anticipations of taxes and imposts; and in the regulation of the actual currency, as being a part of the trade and exchange between the States. It is not for this Court to decide whether a bank, or such a bank as this, be. the best possible means to aid these purposes of government. Such topics must be left to that discussion which belongs to them in the two houses of Congress. Here, the only question is, whether a bank, in its known and ordi'narywoperations, is capable of beingso connected with the finances and revenues of the' government,. as to be fairly within the discretion of Congress, when selecting means- and instruments to execute its powers and perform its duties. A bank is not less the proper subject for the choice of Congress, nor thb. less' constitutional, because it. requires to be executed 6y granting a charter of incorporation. It is not, of itself, uticonstitutional in Congress to create
-a corporation. Corporations are but means. They are not ends and objects of government. No government exists for the purpose of creating corporations as one of the ends of its .being. They are iastitutions established to effect-certain beneficial purposes;

326

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. arid, as means, take their character generally from

- . their end and obiect. They are civil or eleemosynary,
M'Culloch
V. I public or private, according to the object intended by

ryland.

their creation. They are common means, such as all governments use. The State governments create

corporations to execute powers confided to. their

trust, without any specific authority in the State con-

stitutions for that purpose. There is the same rea-

son that Congress should exercise its discretion as to the means by which it must execute the powers con-

ferred upon it. Congress has duties to peiform and

powers to execute.. It his a right to the means by

which these duties can be properly and most usefully

performed, and these powers executed. Among other

means, it has established' a bank; and before the act

establishing it can be pronounced unconstitutional

and void, it must be shown,, that a bank has no .fair

.connection with the execution of any power or duty

of the national government, and that its creation is consequently a manifest usurpation.

:2. The second question is, whether, if the bank :be' constitutionally created, the State. governments have power to 'tax itv? The people of -the United :States have seen fit to divide sovereignty,' and to establisha complex system. They have conferred cer* tain powers on the State Governments, and certain. other powers on the National Government. As it was easy to foresee that qudstions must arise between .the'se governments thus constituted, it, became of :great moment to' determine upon what. principle these questions should be decided, and who shouild decide them. The constitution, therefore, declares, that the

OF THE UNITED STATE$.

"27

constitution itself, and. the laws passed, in.pursuance 1819.6f its prdvisions, s.ha.ll b.e ·the. s.u.pr.eme, la.w of the .,M-eulloch land, and shall control all State legislation and State !V.
State of Maconstitutions, which may be incompatible therewith ryland.
and it confides to this Court the ultimate power of deciding all questions, arising under the constitution and laws of the ·United States., The laws of the United States, then, made in pursuance of the constitution, are to be the supreme law of-the land , any thing in the laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding. The, only inquiry, therefore, in, this case is, whether the law of the State of Marylalid imposing this tax be consistent with the free operation of, the law establishing the bank, and the full enjoyment of the -privileges conferred ,by it ? If it be not, then it is void ; if it be,*then it may be valid. Upon the supposition that the bank is constitutionally created, this is the only question ; and this question .seems answered as soon as it is stated. If the States may tax the bank, to what extent shall they tax it, and where shall they stop ? An unlimited power to tax involves, necessarily, a power to destroy ;because there is a limit beyond which no institution and no property can bear taxation. A question of constitutibnal power can hardly be ,made to depend on a question of more or less. If the States .may tax, -theyhave no limit but their discretion; and the bank, therefore, must depend on the discretion of the State governments for its existence. This consequence is inevitable. Thq object in laying this tax, may 1ave been revenue, to the State. In the next case, the object may be to expel the bank from te State; but'

328

CASES IN-.THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
'judge
M'Culloch t.
ryland.

how is this object to be'ascertained, or who is to of the motives of legislative acts ? The go-
vernment of the United States has itself a great pecuniary interest in this corporation. 'Can the-States tax this property? Under the Confederation, when the national government, not having the power of
direct legislation, could not protect its own property by its own laws, it was expressly stipulated, that "no impositions, duties, or restrictions, should be laid by any State on the property of the United States." Is it supposed that property of the United States is now subject-to the power of the State governments, in a greater degree than under the Confederation ? If this power of taxation be admitted, what is to be its limit ? The United States have, and must have, property locally existing in all the States; and may the States impose on this property, whether real or personal, such taxes as they please ? Can they tax proceedings in the Federal Courts ? Ifso, they can expel those judicatures from the States. As Maryland has undertaken to impose a stamp tax on the notes of this bank, what -hinders her from imposing a stamp tax also on- permits, clearances, registers, and all other documents connected with imposts and navigation ? If by one she can suspend the operations of the bank, by the other she can equally well shut up the custom house.. The law of Maryland, in question, makes a requisition., The sum called for is not assessed on property, nor deducted from profits or income. It is a direct imposition on the power, privilege, or franchise of the corporation. - The act purports, also, to re-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

3W9

strain the circulation of the paper of the bank to bills 1819.

of certain descriptions. It narrows and abridges the M'Culloch

powers of the

bank

in· a

manner

which, it

would V.
Stateof wia.

seem, even Congress could not do. This law of ryand. be sustained but upon principles

Maryland cannot

and reasoning which would subject every important

measure of the national government to the revision

and control of the State legislatures. By the char-

ter, the bank is authorized to issue bills of any de-

nomination above five dollars. The act of Maryland

purports to restrainand limit theirpowers in this re-

spect.. The charter, as well as the laws of the Uni-

ted States, makes it the duty of-all collectors and

receivers to receive the notes of the bank in pay-

ment of all debts due the government. The act of

Maryland makes it penal, both on the person paying

and the peson receiving such bills, until stamped by

the authority of Maryland. This is a direct inter-

ference with the revenue. The legislature of Ma-

ryland might, With as much propriety, tax treasury

notes. This is either an attempt to expel the bank

from the State ; or it is an attempt to raise a reve-

nue for State purposes, by an imposition on property

and franchises holden under the national govern-

ment, and created by that government for purposes

connected with its own administration. In either

view there cannot be a clearer case of interference.

The bank cannot exist, nor can any bank established

by Congress exist, if this right to tax it exists in the

State governments. One or the other must be sur-

rendered; and a. surrender on the part of the go-

vernment of the United States would be a giving

VOL. IV.

42

WQ0

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'.

1319. up of those fundamental and essential powers with,
out which the government cannot- be maintained. hV.A lank may not be, and is not, absolutely essential
State of Ma-
ryland. .to the'existence and preservation of the government. But it is essential tothe existence and preservation of the government, that Congress. should be able to exercise its constitutional powers, at its own discretion, without being subject to the control of State legislation. The question is not whether a bank be
necessary, or useful, but whether Congress may not constitutionally judge of that necessity or utility; and whether, having so judged and decided, and having adopted measures to carry its decision into
effect, the State governments may interfere with that decision, and defeat ihe operation. of its.measures. "Nothing can be plainer than that, if the'law of Con-
gress establishing the bank be a 'constitutional "act, it must have its full and complete effects. Its operation cannot be either defeated or impeded by acts of State legislation. '1'o hold otherwise, would be t9 declare, that Congress can only exercise its con-,
stitutional powers subject to the controlling discretion, and under the sufferance, of the State govern-
men ts.

Mr. Hopkinson, for the defendants in error, proposed three questions for the consideration of the Court. 1. Had Congress a -constitutional power to incorporate the bank of the United States? 2. Granting this power to Congress, has the bank, of its own authority, a right to establish its branches in the several States? 3. Can the bank,' and its branches thus established, claim to be exempt from the ordi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

nary and equal taxation of property, as ssessed in the States in which they are placed ?

lS19. V,un h

1. The

first

question

has,

for

many

years,

divided

V.
State of Ma

the opinions of the first men of our country. He ryland.

did not mean to controvert the arguments by which

the bank was maintained on its original establish-

ment. The power may now be denied, in per-

fect consistency with thos,, arguments. It is agreed,

that no such power is expressly granted by the con-

stitution. It has been obtained by implication; by

reasoning from the 8th section of the 1st article of

the constitution ; and asserted to exist, not of and by

itself, but as an appendage to other granted powers,

as necessary to carry them into. execution. If. the

bank be not "necessary and proper" for this purpose,

it has no foundation in our constitution, and can have

no support in this Court. But it strikes us at once,

,that a power, growing out of a necessity which may not be permanent;may also not be permanent. It

has relation to circumstances which change; in a state of things which may exist at one period, and not at-another. The argument might have been perfectly good, to show the necessity of a bank for the operations of the revenue, in 1791, and entirely fail now, when so many facilities for money transaciions abound, which were wanting then. That some of the powers of the constitution are of this fluctuating character, existiNg, or. not, according to extraneous, circumstances, has been'fully recognized.by this Court
at the present term, in the'case of Sturges-v. Crowninshield. Necessity was the plea.7and justification

a Ante, p. 122.

S32

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1i1g. of the first bank of the United States. If the same:

MM'Cneuc1eloscshit-y

existed when the second was established,

V. it will afford the same justification; otherwise, it iv'ill
Stat' f Ma-
tylani, stand withputjustification, as no other ispretended.

We cannot, in making this inquiry, take a more fair

and liberal test, than the report of General Hamilton, the father and defender of this power. The uses and

advantages he states, as making up the necessity required by the constitution, are three. L, The augmen-

tation of the active and productive capital of the

country; by making gold and silver the basis of a

paper circulation. 2. Affording greater faciiity to

the government; in procuring pecuniary aids ; espe-

cially in sudden emergencies. This, he says, is an

indisputable advantage of public banks. 3. The fa-

cility of the payment of taxes, in two ways; by loan-

ing to the citizen, and enabling him to be punctual;

and by increasing the quantity of circulating medium,

and quickening circulation by bank bills,.easily trans-

mitted from place to place. If we admit. that these

advantages, or conveniences, amount to the necessity

required by the constitution, for the creation and ex-

ercise of powers not expressly given; yet it is obii-

"ous they may be derived from any public banks, and

do not call for a bank of the United States, unless there should be no other public banks, or not a suffi-

ciency of them for these operations. In 1791, when

this argument was held to be valid and'effectual,

there were but three banks in the United States,

with limited capitals, and contracted spheres of ope-

ration. Very different is the case now, when we

have a banking capital to a vast amount, vested in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

. 333

banks of good credit, and so spread over the coun- 1819. try, as to be. convenient and competent for all the AT 'Cullach purposes enumerated in the argument. General V. .Hamilton, conscious that his reasoning must fail, if StarteylaonfdM. a the State banks were adequate for his objects, proceeds to show they Were not. Mr. Hopkinson parti-
cularly examined all the objections urged by General Hamilton, to the agency of the State banks then in existence, in the operations required for the revenue; and endeavoured to show, that they had no application to the present number, extent, and situation of the State banks; relying only on those-of a sound and unquestioned credit and permanency., He also contended, that the experience of five years, since the, expiration of the old charter of the bank of the United States, has fully shown the competency of the State banks, to all the purposes and uses alleged as reasons for erecting that bank, in 1791. The loans to the government by the State .banks,'in the emergencies spoken of; the accommodation to individuals, to enable them to pay their duties and taxes; the creation of a circulating currency; and the facility of transmitting money from place- to place, have all been effected, as largely and beneficially, by %theS, tate banks, as they could have been done by a bank ircorporated by Congress. Tile change in the country, in relation to banks, and an experience that was depended upon, concur in proving, that whatever might have been the truth and force of the bank argument in 1791, they wcre.wholly wanting in 1816.

34

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

2. Ifthis bank of the United States has been lawful-

ly created and incorporated, we next inquire, whether
M'Culloch c
V,. it may, of its own authority, establish its branches in
State of Ma-
ryland. tie several States, without the- direction of Congress, or the assent of the States. It is true, that the

charter contains this power, but this. avails nothing,

if not warranted by the constitution. This power to

establish branches, by the directors of the bank,

must be maintained and justified, by the same neces-

sity. which supports the bank itself, or it cannot exist.

The power derived from a given necessity, must be

co-extensive with it, and no more. We will inquire,

1. Does this necessity exist in favour of the branches ?

2. Who should be the judge of the necessity, and

direct the manner and extent of the remedy to be ap-

plied ? Branches are not necessary for any of the enu-

merated advantages. Not for pecuniary aids to the

government; since the ability to afford them must be

regulated by the strength of the capital of the parent

bank, and cannot be increased, by scattering and

spreading that capital in the branches. Nor are they

necessary to create a circulating medium; for they

create nothing; butissue paper on the faith and re-

sponsibility of the parent bank, who could issue the

same quantity on the same foundation; the distribu-

tion of the notes of the parent bank can as well be

done, and, in fact, is done, by the State banks.

Where,' then, is that, necessity to be found for the

branches, whatever may be allowed to the bank it-

self? It is undoubtedly true, that these branchesi are

established with a single view to trading, and the pro-

fit of the stockholders, and not for the convenience

OF TffE UNITED STATES.
or use of the government; and, therefore, they are liuo. located at the. will of the directors, "who represent and MCulloch regard the interests of the stockholders, and are such StateVof.Mathemselves. If this is the case, can it be contended, ryland. that the State rights of territory and taxation are to. yield for the gains of a money-trading corporation; to be prostrated at the will of a Set of men who have, no concern, and no duty, but to increase their profits ? Is this the necessity required by the constitution for the creation of undefined powers? It is true, that, by the charter, the government may require a branch in any place it may designate, but if this power is given only for the uses or:necessities of the government, then the government only,should have the power to order it. In truth, the directors have exercised the power, and they hold it without any control from the government of the United States; and, as is, now contended, without any control of the State governments. A most extravagant power to be vested in a body of men, chosen annually by a very small portion of our citizens, for, the purpose of loaning and trading with their money to the best advantage A State will not suffer its own citizens to erect a, bank without its authority, but the citizens of another State may do so ; for it may happen that the State thus used by the bank for one of its branches, does not hold a single share of the stock. 2. fBut if these branches are to be supported', on the ground of the constitutional necessity, and they can have no other foundation, the question occurs, who should be the judge of the existence of the necessity, in any proposed case ; of the when and the where the power

336

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. shall be exercised, which the necessityrequires. As-

Msuredly,

the same tribunal which judges of the original

StateVof.Ma- necessity on which the bank is created, should also

ryland. judge of any subsequent necessity requiring the ex-

tension of the remedy. Congress is that tribunal

the only one in which it may be safely trusted; the

only one in which the States to be affected by the

measure, are all fairly represented. If this power

belongs to Congress, it cannot be delegated to the

directors of a bank, any more than any other legis-

lative power may be transferred to any other body

of citizens: if this doctrine of necessity is without

any known limits, but such as those who defend

themselves by it, may choose for the time to give it;

and if the powers derived from it, are assignable' by

the Congress to the directors of a bank; and by

the directors, of the bank to any body else ; we have

really spent a great deal of labour and learning to

very little purpose, in our attempt to establish a form

of government in which the powers of those who

govern shall be strictly defined and controlled; and

the rights of the government secured from the usur-

pations of unlimited or unknown powers. The esta-

blishment of a bank in a State, without its assent;

without regard to its interests, its policy, or institu-

tions, is a higher exercise of authority, than the crQa-

tion of the parent bank; which,- if confined to the

seat of the government, and to the purposes of the,

government, will interfere less with the rights and

policy of the States, than those wide 'spreading'

branches, planted every where, and influencing all the

business of the community. Such an exercise of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sovereign power, should, at least, have the sanction

of the sovereig0nM'Cleuglliosclhature to vouch that the good ,

of th4 whole requires it, that the necessity exists

which justifies - But will it e tolerated that

it.

u,

twenty directors of a trading corporation, having no

object but profit, shall, in the pursuit of it, tread

upon the sovereignty of the State ; enter it without

condescending to ask its leave; disregard, perhaps,

the whole system of its policy; overthrow its insti-

tutions, and sacrifice its interests?

3. If, however, the States of this Union have sur-

renderedthemseles in this manner, by implication,

to the Congress of the United State.s, and to such cor-

porations as the Congress, from time to time, may find

it necessary and proper" to create; if a State may

no longer decide, whether a trading association, with

independent powers and immunities, shall plant it-

self in its territory, carry on its business, make a

currency and trade on its credit, raising capitals for

individuals as fictitious as its own; if all this must be

granted,.the third and great question in this cause

presents itself for consideration; that is, shall this

association come there 'with rights of sovereignty,

paramount to the sovereignty . of the State, and. with

privileges possessed by no other, persons, corpora-

tions orproperty in the State ? in other words, can

the bank and its branches, thus established, claim

to be exempt from the ordinary and equal tax-

ation of property,'as assessed in the States in which

they are placed? As this overwhelming invasion

of Stae sovereignty is not warranted by any express

clause or grant in the constitution, and never was

1819.
V. eof Ma-
ryland.

Vo. IV.

43

338,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. imagined by any State that adopted and ratified that .M'Cullochconstitu' tion, it -will be conceded, that it must be StateVof.Ma- found to be necessarily and indissolzbly, connected ryland. with the power to establish the bank, or it must be
repelled. The Court has .always shown a just. anxiety to prevent any conflict between the federal and State powers; to construe both so as to avoid
an interference if possible, and to preserve that harmony of, action in both, on which the prosperity and happiness of all depend. · If, therefore, the right to-incorporate a national bank may exist, and be exercised. consistently with the right of the State, to tax the property of such bank within its territory, the Court will maintain both rights; although some inconvenience or diminution of advantage may be the consequence.. It is not for the direetols of the bank to say, you will lessen our profits by permitting us to be taxed; if such taxation will not deprive the government of the uses it derives from the agency and operations of the bank. The necessity of the government is the. foiandation of the charter; and beyond that necessity it can claim nothing in deroga·tion of'State authority. If the power to erect this
corporation were expressly given in the constitution, still it would, aot be construed to be an exclusion of any State right, not absolutely incompatible and re-
pugnant. The States need no reservation or ac-' knowledgment of their right; all remain that are not expressly prohibited,or necessarily excluded ; and this gives our opponents the broadest ground they can ask. The right now assailed by the bank, is. the right of taxing property within the territory of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M9

the State. This is the highest attribute of sove. : 1819. riegnty, the tight to raise revenue ; in fact, the right MCulloch to exist; without which no other right can be held V.
State of Ma-
or enjoyed., The general power to tax is not denied ryland. to the States, but the bank claims to be exempted from the operation of this power. If thisl claim is valid, and to be supported by the Court, it must be, either, 1. From the nature of- the property. 2. Because it is. a bank of the United States. S. From some express :provision of the: constitution;- or, 4, Because the exemption is indispensably necessary to the exercise 'ofsome power granted by the constitution.
'First. There is nothing in the nature of the propetty of bank stock that exonerates it from taxation. It' has been taxed, in some form, by every
State in which a bank has been incorp6rated; either annually and directly, or by a gross sum paid for the charter. The United States have not .only taxed the, capital or stock of the State banks,, but their business also, by imposing a duty-on all-notes discounted by them' The bank paid a tax for its capital; and every man who deals with the bank, by borrowing, patid another tax for the portion of the same capital he borrowed. This species of property, then, so far from, having enjoyed any exemption from the calls of the revenue, has been particularly burthened; and. been thought a fair subject of taxation both by the Federal and State governments.
Second. Is' it thefi exempt, as being a bank of the United States ? How is it such?. In name only.. Just as the Bank, of Pennsylvania, ot. the Bank of Mary-

0CASES

IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. land, are banks of those States. The property of

"
M'Culioch

the bank, real

or personal, does 'not belong to ,the

StateVof.*Ala- United States only as a stockholder, and as ,any

ryland. other sto'khpide rs. The United States might have

the sane interest in any other bark, turnpike,' or

ca al coimpany. So far as they hold stock, they'have

a'property in the institution, and no further ; so long

and no longer. Nor is the direction and manage-

ment of the bank under the control of the United

States. They are represented in the board by the

directors appointed by them, as the other stockholders

are represented by the directors they elect. A di-

rector of the government has no more power or right

than any other director. As to the control the government may have over the conduct of the bank,

by its patronage and deposits, it is precisely the same

it might have over any other bank, to'which that pa-

tronage would be equally important. Strip it of its

name, and we find it to be a mere association of in-

dividuals, putting their money into a common stock,

to "be loaned for profit, and to divide the gains. The

government is-a partner in the frm, for gain als9 ;

for, except a participation of the profits of ':he busi-

ness, the government could have every other use of

the bank without owning a dollar in it. It is j1 9t.

then, a bank of the .United States, if by that we

meadi an institutiofi belonging.-to,. tho government, directed by it..0r inwhich it has a permanent, in-

djs6lpble interest., The convenience it affords in the collection ad distfi~iution of the revenue, is collateral, secondary,"and may be transferred at pleasure.
to any other bank. It forms no part of the construe-

OF' THE. UNITED STATES.
tion or character of this bank ; which, as t9 all its 1819. rights and powers, would be exactly what it now is M'Culloch' if the government was to seek and obtain all this StateVof.Ma:convenience from some other source; if the.government ryland. were to withdraw its patronage, and sell otdt its stock. Howthen, can such an institution claim the immunities of sovereignty; nay, that sovereignty does not possess? for a sovereign, who places his property in the territory of another sovereign, submitsit to the demands of the ,revenue, which are but justly paid, in return for the protection afforded to the property. General Hamilton,. in his report on this subject, so far from considering the bank a-public institution,' connected with, or controlled by the government, holds, it to be indispensable that it should not be so. It must be, says he, underprivate, not public, direction; under the. -guidance of individual interest, not public policy. Still, he adds, the state may be holder of part of its stock; and, consequently, '(what! it .becomes public property? no!)-a sharerof the profits. He traces no other consequence to that circumstance. No' rights ·re founded on it; no part of its utility or necessity
·arises from it. Can an institution, then, purely private, and which disclaims any public character, be -- thed with the power and rights of the government i and demand subordination from theStategovernment in virtue' of the federal authority, which it undertakes to wield at its own will and pleastre ? Shall it be private in its direction and interests; public in its rights and privileges,: a trading money-lender in its business; an uncontrolled sovereign in its powers? If the Whole bank, with all its property and business,

342

CASES IN .THESUPREME COURT

1819. belonged to the United States, it would not, there-

MI'tulloch -fore, be exempted from the taxation of the States.

v.: To this purpose, the United States and the several

State of Ma-
rySad.

States

must be

considered

as sovereign

and

iinddeppenn-

dent; and the principle is clear, that a sovereign putting his property within the territory and jurisdiction of another sovereign, and of course under his protection, submits it to the ordinary taxation of the State,
and must contribute fairly to the wants of the revenue. In other words, the jurisdiction of the State extends over all its territory, and every thing within or upon it, with a few known exceptions. With a view to this principle, the constitution has" provided for those cases in which it was deemed neCessary and proper t6 give the United States jurisdiction within a State, in exclusion of the State authority ; and even in these cases, it will be seen, it cannot be done withOut the assent of the State. For a seat of govern-, ment, for forts, arsenals, dock-yards, &c. the assent of the State to surrender its jurisdiction is required ; but the bank asks no consent, and is paramount to all State authority, to all the rights of territory, and demands of the public revenue. We have not been told, whether the banking houses of this corporation, and any other real estate it may acquire, for the accommodation of'its 'affairs, are, also, of this privileged order of property. ' In principle, it must be the same; for the privilege, if it exists, belongs to the corporation, and must cover equally all its property. It is understood, that a case was lately decided by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, and fron which no;
appeal has been taken, on the part of the United

OF THE UNITED STATES.

343

States to this Court, to show that United States' pro- .1819. perty, as such, has no exemption from State taxa- M'Culloch tion. A fort- belonging to the federal government, StateVof.Ma, near Pittsburgh, was sold by public auction; the usual ryland. auction duty was claimed, and the payment resisted, on the ground that none could be exacted from the United States. The Court decided otherwise. ,In admitting Louisiana into the Union, and so, it is believed, with all the new States, it is expressly stipu4ated, "that no taxes shall be imposed on lands, the property of the United States." There can, then, be no pretence, that bank, property, even belonging to the United, States, is, on that account, exonerated from State taxation.
Third. If,then, neither the nature of the property)
nor the interest.the United States may have in the bank, will warrant the exemption claimed, is there any. thing expressed in the constitution to limit and control the. State right of taxation, as now contended for? .Wefind but one limitation to this essential right, 'of 'which the States were naturally and justly 'most jealous. In the 10th section of,the 1st article, it is declared' that "no- State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties, on imports or exports, except What may be absolutely necessary for executing.its inspection laws." And

there is a like'prohibition to laying'any duty of tonnage. Here, then, is the .whole restriction, 6r limitation, attempted tobe imposed by the 'constitution, on the'powei- of the States,to raise revenue, precisely int.he same manner, from the same subjects, and to the same extent, that any sovereign and indepeh-

344

CASES IN "THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
M, ICulloch v.
State of Ma ryland.

dent State may do; and. it never was understood by those who made,' or those who received the constitution, that any further restriction ever would, or could,
be imposed. This subject did not escape either the assailants or the defenders of our form of government ; and their arguments and commentaries upon the instrument ought not to be disregarded in fixing its construction. It was foreseen, and objected, by its opponents, that, under the general sweeping pow-' er. given to Congress, "To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper, for carrying into execution the foregoing powers," &c. the States might be exposed to great dangers, and the most humiliating and oppressive encroachments, particularlyin this very matter of-taxation. By referring to the Federalist,the great champion of the constitution, the objections will be found stated, together with the answers to them. It. is again and again replied, and most solemnly assert-
ed, to the people of these United States, that the right of taxation in the States is sacred and inviolable, with "the sole exception of duties on ihnports and exports ;", that "they retain the authority in the most absolute and unqualified. sense; and that an attempt on'the part of the national government to abridge them in the exercise of it, would be a violent assumption of power, unwarranted by any article or clause of its conistitution." With the exception mentioned, the Federal and State powers of taxation are'declared to be- concurrent; and if the United States are justified in, taxing State banks, the same equal and concurrent authority will justify the State in ,taxing the Bank of the United States, or any

OF THE UNITED STATE.
other bankd The author begins, No. 34, by saying, 1819. "I flatter myself it has been clearl·y shown, in my MICulloch last number, that the particular States, under ihe StatevOf. Mo-'_ proposed constitution, would have CO EQUAL autho- rylanc rity with the Union, in the article of revenue, except as to duties on imports.". Under such assurances from those who made, who recommended, and carried, the constitution, and who were supposed best to understand it, was it.received and adopted by the people of these Uni ed 'States ; and now, after a lapse of neatly thirty years, they are to be in-
formed that all this is a mistake, all these assurances are unwarranted, and that the Federal Government does possess most productive and important powers of taxation, neither on imports, exports, or tonnage, but strictly internal, whirh are ,prohibited to the States. The question then was, whether the United States should have any command of the inter,nal revenue; the pretension now is, that they shall enjoy exclusively the best portion of it. The question was then quieted by the acknowledgment of a co-equal right; it is now to be put at rest by the prostration of the State power. The Federal Government is to hold a power by implication and ingenious inference from general words in the constitution, which it can hardly be believed would have been suffered in an exp~ess grant. If, then, the people were not deceived. when they were told-that, with the exceptions mentioned, the State 'right of taxation is sacred and inviolable ; and it be also true

a Letters of Publius, or The -Federalist,Nos. 31-6.

VGD. IV.

44

346

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

that the Bank of the United States cannot exist unM'Culoch der the exercise of that right, the consequence ought ,tatevo.f Ma to be, that the Bank must not exist; for if it can &aofd. a- live only by. the destruction of such a right-if it
can live only by the exercise of a power which this Court solemnly declared to be a "violent assumption of -power, unwarranted by any clause, in the constitution"-we cannot hesitate to say, let it not live.
But in truth.this is not the state of the controversy. No such extremes are presented for our choice. We only require, that the bank'shall not. violate State rights, in establishing itsof, or its bran~hes ; that, it shall be submitted to the jurisdiction and laws of the State, in the same ,mAner with- other: corporations and other property,; and all this may be done withput ruining the institution, or destroying its national uses. Its profits will- he. diminished by contributing io'th revenue of -the State.;. and this is the whole effect that ought,,.in a fair and liberal spirit of reasoning,to be anticipated. But, at all events, we show, on the part of the State a clear, general, absolute, and uiqualified right of taxation, (with the exception stated ;) and protest against such a right being made to yieldto implications and obscure constructions Of indefinite clauses in the onstitution. Such a right must not be defeated by doubtful pretensions .of power, or arguments of convenience or. policy to ,the government ; much less to a private corporation. It ,is not, a little alarming to trace the progress of this argument ... The power to raise the bink is founded orpno provision of the consti-
tition that, has the most distant allusion to such an

'OF THE UNITED STATES.
,institution ; there is not a word in that instrument 1819. that would suggest the idea of a bank to the most M'Culloch fertile imagination; but the bank is created by im- V. plication and construction, made out by a very subtle Star~telaonfdM; .
course of reasoning; then, by another implication, raised on the former, the bank, this creature of construction, claims the right to enter the territory, of a State without its assent ; to carry on its business when it pleases, and where it pleases, against the will, and perhaps in contravention of the policy, of the sovereign owner of the soil. Having such great success in the acquirement of implied rights, the experiment is now pushed further; and not contented with, having obtained two rights in this extraordinary way, the fortunate adventurer assails the sovereignty of the State, and would strip from it its most vital and essential power. lItis thus with the famous fig tree of. India, whose branches shoot from the trunk to a considerable distance; then drop upon the earth) where.they take root and become trees, from t'hiCh also other branches shoot, and plant and propagate and ext6nd themselves in the same way, until gradually'a vast surface is covered, and every thing perishes in the spreading shade.
What have we opposed to these doctrines, so just and reasonable?- Distres~ing inconveniences ingeniously contrived; supposed dangers; fearful distrusts; anticipated violence and, injustice from the States, and consequent ruin to the bank. A right to tax is' a right to destroy, is the whole amount of the argument, however varied by inge.nuity, or embellishea by eloquence It is said the States'will- abuse the power; and its exercise will

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
M",C-u"llu'eh' Btat V-of Ma
ryla,,,

produce infinite inconvenience and embarrassment to the bank. Now if this were true, it cannot help our opponents; because if the States havelthe power
contended for, this Court cannot take itfrom them, under the fear that, they may abuse it ; nor indeed for its actual Abuse; aInd if they have it not, they may not use it, however moderately and discreetly. Nor is there any more force in the argument, that the bank property will be subjected to double or treble taxation. Each State will- tax:only the'capital really employed in it; and 'it is always in the :power of the bank to show, how its capital is distri-. buted. But it is feared'the capital inca State may be taxed ing'ross; and 'the individual stockholders
also taxed for the same stock.. Is this common case of a double taxation of the same article, to be a cause of alarn now? Our revenue laws abound 'with similar cases ; they arise out of the very nature of our double gbvernment. So Says the Federalist; and it is the first time it has been the ground of comjplaint.'. Poll taxes, are paid to the federal and State governments; licenses to retail. spirits; land -taxes; and .the whole round of internal duties, over which both governments have a concurrent, and, until now, itwas supposed, a co-equal right... Were not the

State banks taxed by the federal, and also by the State governments; in some by a bonus for the char'ter; ins6thers directly, and annually? The circumstance, that the taxes go to different.governments in .:these cases, is whol-ly immaterial to those, who,pay;
unless it, is that it increases the danger of excess and oppression; - It is justly remarked on this .sibject,by

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the Federalist, that our security from excessive bur- 1819.

thens on apy source of revenue, must be found in M"Culloch

mutual forbearance and discretion in the use of the State Vof .Ma-

power; this is the only security, and the authority

Ma.

of this Court can add nothing to it. When that fails,

there is an end to the confederation, which is founded

on a reasonable and honourable confidence in each

other. It has been most impressively advanced, that

the States, under pretence of taxing, may prohibit

and expel the banks; that in the full exercise of this

power, they may tax munitions of war; ships about

to sail and armies on their march; nay, the spirit of

the Court is to be aroused by the fear that judicial

proceedings will also come under this-all destroying

power. Loans may be delayed for stamps, and the

country ruined for the want of the money. But

whenever the States shall be in a disposition to up-

root the ,general government, they will take more

direct and speedy means; and until they have this

disposition, they will 'not use these. What power

may not be abused; and whom or what shall we

trust, if we guard ourselves with this extreme cau-

tion ? The common and daily intercourse between,

man and man; all our relations in societyj depend

upon a reasonable confidence in each other. It is

peculiarly the basis of our confederation, which lives

not a moment after we'shall cease to trust. each

other. If the two governments are to regard each

other as enemies, seeking opportunities of injury and

distress, they will not long continue friends. This

sort of timid reasoning about the powers of the go-

vernment, has not escaped the authors so often al-

550

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
MCulloch
state of Ma ryland.

luded to; who, in their 31st number, treat it, very
properly. Surely the argument is as strong agiiist giving to the United States the power to incorporate
esa bank with branches. What may be more' easily, or. more extensively abused ;, and what more powerlul engine can we imagine to be brought- into operation..
against the revenues and rights of the States? If the federal government must have ,a bank for the purposes of its revenue, all collision will be avoided by establishing the- parent bank in its own District, where it holds an exclusive jurisdiction ; and planting its branches in such States, as shall assent to it; and using State banks where such assent cannot be obtained. Speaking prnctically, and by our experience, it-may be safely-asserted, that all the use, of thc bank to the government might be thus obtained. Nothing would be wantitg but ptofits and lartge dividends to the stockholders, which are the:Teal ohjNect in this contest. Whatever may bethe right of the United States to establish a bank, it cannot be better than that of the, States., Their lawful power to incorporate such institutions7 has never yet been. questioned; whatever may be in reserve for them, when it may be found ' nbcqssary and proper", for the interests of the national bank to crush the State institutions, and curtail the State authority. Granting, that these rights.are equal in the two governments; and that the sovereignty of the State, within its territory, over this sufiject, is but equal'to that of the United States; and. that all -sove'relgn power remains undiminished in the State%;, except in -Mhosceases in which it has, by the constitution, been

OF THE UNITED STATES.
expressly and exclusively transferred to the United 1819. States: the sovereign power of taxation (except o'n M'Culloch foreign commerce) being, in the language of the v.
State of la.
Federalist, co-equal in the'two governments; it lfl- ryland. lows, as a direct and necessary consequence, that having equal powers to erect banks, and equal powers. of' taxation on property of that description, being neither imports, exports or tonnage, whatever jurisdiction the federal government may exercise in this respect, over a bank created by a State, any State. may exer'ise over a bank created by the United States. Now, the federal government has assumed the right of taxing, the State banks, precisely in the manner in which the State of Maryland has proceeded against the bank of the United States; and as -this right has never been resisted or questioned, it may 'be taken to be admitted by both parties; and must be equal and common to both parties, or.-the fundamental principles -of our confederation have been strangely mistaken, or are to be violently overthrown.. It has also been suggested that the bank may, claim a protection from this tax, under that clause, of the constitution, which prohibits the States froW passing laws, which shall impair the obligation of contracts. - The chaiter is said to be the contract between' the government and the stockholders; arid the interests of the latter will be injured by the tax which reduces their profits. Many answers offer themselves to !his argument. In the first place, the
United States cannot, either by a direct law, or by a .contract, with a third party, taken away aiy right from the States not granted by the Qoiistitutiou.; they

352,

5(7ASES. IN ,THESUPREME COURT

1810. cannot do collaterally and by implication, what cannot be done directly. Their contracts must conform to
M'C.ulloMch the constitution, and not the constitution to their conOryatod. " tracts. If, therefore, the States have, in some other
way, parted with this right of taxation, they cannot
be deprived of it by a contract between other ,parties. Under this doctrine, theUnited States might contract away every right of every State; and any attempt to resist it would be called a violation of the obligations of a contract. Again the United States have no more right to violate contracts than the States, and sirely they never imagined they were doing so, when they taxed so: liberally the stock of
,the State banks. Agairn; it might as well be said that a tax on real estate, imposed after-a sale of it, and not then perhaps contemplated,, or new duties imposed on merchandize after it is ordered, violates the contract between, the vendor, and the purchasgr, and diminishes the value, of the property. In fact, all contracts in relation to property, subject to taxation, are presumed to have in view the probability or possibility that they will be taxed; and the happeningof the .event never; was imagined to interfere 'with the contract,' or -itslawful -obligatiOns.

The Atorney- General,for the plaintiff in error, argued, 1. That the power of Congress to create a
bank ought not now to be questioned, after its exercise ever since the establishment of the constitution7 , sanctioned' fy every department of the government;
by the legislature, in the charter of the bank, and, other laws connected .with the incorporation ;:by the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

353

executive, in its assent to those laws; and by the 1810. judiciary, incariying them ·into..effect. After such MCulloch a lapse of time, and so many concurrent acts of the StateVof.Alapublic authorities, this exercise of power must be ryland. considered as ratified by the voice of the people,,and sanctioned by precedent. In the exercise of criminal judicature, the question of constitutionality could not have been overlooked by the Courts, who have so often inflicted punishment for acts which would be no crimes, if these laws were'repugnant to the fundamental law.
2. The power to establish such a corporation i$ implied, and involved in the-grant of specific powers in the constitution; because the end involves the means necessary to carry it into effect. A power without the means to use it, is a nullity. But we are not driven to seek for this power in implication:
because the constitution, after enumeratirng certain specific powers, expressly gives to Congress the power "to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the forpgoing powers, and-all other powets vested by this constitution in .the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof." If, therefore, the act of Congress establishing the bank was necessary and proper to carry into execution any qne or, more of the enumerated powers, the authority to pass it is expressly delegated to Congress by the constitution. We contend that it was necessary and proper to carry into execution several of the enumerated powers,
such 'as, the power of levying and'collecting taxes throughout this widely extended empire; of paying

Vox.. iv,

43

354

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
M'Cul"lclch rrtate,of.Ma-
ryland.

the public debts, both in the United States and in foreign countries; of borrowing money, at home and abroad ; of regulating commerce with foreign .na-
tions, and among the several States ;of raising and supporting armies and a navy ; and of carrying on war. That banks, dispersed throughout the country, are appropriate means of carrying into eiecution all these powers, cannot be denied. Our history furnishes abundant experience of the utility of a national bank as an instrument of finance, It will be
found in the aid derived to the public cause from the Bank of North America, established by Congress, during the war of the revolution ; in the great utility of the former bank of the United States; and in the necessity of resorting to the instrumentality of the banks incorporated by the States. during the interval between the expiration of the former charter of the United States Bankin 1811, and the establishment of the present bank in 1816; a period of wart the calamities of which were greatly aggravated by the want of this convenient instrument of finance. Nor is it required that the power Of establishing such a monied corporation should be indispensably necessary to the execution of any of the specified powers of the government. An interpretation of this clause of the constitution so strict and literal, would render every law which could be passed by Congress unconstitutional: for of no particular law can it be predicated, that it is absolutely and indispensably necessary to carry into effect any of the specified powers; since a different law might be imagined, which czould be enacted tending to the same object, though

OF THE UNITED STATES.

S5

not equally well adapted- to attain it. As the inevi- 1819. table consequence of giving this very restricted sense MICulloeh tothe word "necessary," would be to annihilate the v.
State of Ma-
very powers it professes to create; and as so gross ryland. an absurdity cannot be imputed to the framers of the
constitution, this interpretation, must be rejected. Another not less inadmissible consequence of this construction is, that it is fatal to the permanency of the constitutional powers; it makes them dependent for their being on extrinsic circumstances, which, as these are perpetually shifting and changing, must produce correspondent changes ini the essence of the powers on'which they depend. But surely the constitutionality of any act of Congress cannot depend upon such circumstances.. They are the subject of legislative discretion, not of judicial cognizance. Nor'does this position conflict with the doctrine of the Court in Sturges v. Crowninshield.a The Court has not said, in that case, that the powers of Congress are shifting powers, which may or may not be constitutionally exercised, according to extrinsic or temporary circumstances; but it has merely determined, that the power of the State legislatures over the subject of bankruptcies is subordinate to that of Congress on the same subject, and cannot be exercised so as to conflict with the uniform laws of bankruptcy thr6ughout the Union which Congress may establish. The power, in this instance, resides permanently in Congress, whether it chooses to exercise it or not ; but its exercise on the part of the States

a Ahnte, p. 122.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. is precarious, and dependent, in certain respects, upol , its actual exercise by Congress. The Convention
M.Culoeb well knew that it was utterly vain and nugatory to
state of Ma- give to Congress certain specific powers, without ryland. the means .of enforcing those powers. The auxiliary
means, which are necessary ,for this purpose, are those, whicb are useful and appropriate to produce the particular end. ".Necessary and proper" are, then, equivalent to needful and adapted. Such is the popular sense in which the word necessary is sometimes used. That use of it is confirmed by the best authorities among lexicographers. Among other definitions of the word ." necessary," Johnson gives "needful ;11 and he defines " need," the root of the latter, by the words "want, occasion." Is a law, then, wanted, is there occasion for it, in order to carry into execution any of the enumerated powers of the national government; Congress has the power of passing it. To make a law constitutional, nothing more is necessary than that it should be fairly adapted to carry into effect some specific power given to Congress. This is the only interpretation which can give effect to this vital clause of the constitution,; and, being consistent with the rules of the language, is not to bc-rejected because there is another interpretation equally consistent with the same' rules, but wholly inadequate to convey what must have been the intention of the Convention. Among the multittide of means to carry into execution the powers expressly given to the national government, Congress is to select, from time to time, such as are most lit.-for the purpose. It would have been impossible

OF THE UNITED STATES.-
to enumerate them all in the constitution.;. and a 1810. specification. of some, ·omitting. others, would have M'Culloch' been wholly-useless. The Court, in inquiring wte- V.
State of Ma-
ther Congress has made a selection of constitutional ryland. mqans, is to compare the law in question with the powers it' is intended to carry into execution; not in order to ascertain whether other or better means might have been selected, for that is the legislative province, but to see whether those which have been
chosen have .a natural connection with any specific power.; whether they are adapted to give it effect ; whether they are appropriate -means to an end. It cannot be denied, that this is the character of the Bank of the United States. But it is said, that the government might use private bankers, or the banks incorporated .by the States, to carry on- their fiscal operations. This; however, presents a mere question of political expediency, whi-ch, it is repeated, is exclusively for legislative consideration; which has
been determined by the legislative wisdom; and cannot be reviewed by the Court, It is objected, that this act creates a corporation; which, being an exercise of a fundamental power of sovereignty, can only be claimed by Congress, under their grant of specific pdwers. But to have enumerated the power of establishing corporations among the specific powers of Congress, would have been to change the whole plan of the constitution; to destroy its simplicity, and load it with all the complex details of a code of private jurisprudence. The power of establishing corporations is not one of the ends of government; it is only a class of means for accomplishing its ends. An enu-

Z58

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
MICulIhhoaclhl
V.
State of Ma-
ryland.

meration of this particular class of means, omitting others, would have been-a useless anomaly in the
constitution. It is admitted, that this is an act of sovereignty, and so is any other law. If the authority of
establishing corporations be a sovereign power, the United States are sovereign, as to all the powers specifically given to their government, and as to all others necessary and proper to carry into effect those specified. If the power of chartering a corporation be necessary and proper for this purpose, Congress has it to an extent as ample as any other sovereign legislature. Any government of limited sovereignty, can create corporations only with reference to the limited
powers that government possesses. The inquiry then reverts, whether the 'power of incorporating a banking company, be a necessary and proper means of executing the specific powers ,pf the national government. The immense powers incontestably given, show that there was a disposition,. on the part of the people, to give ample means to carry those powers
;qte effect. A State can. create a corporation, in virtue of its sovereignty, without any specific authority for that purpose, confer'ed in the State constitutions. The United States aie sovereign as to certain specific
objects, and may, therefore, erect a corporation for the purpose of effecting. those objects. If th- incorporating power had been expressly granted as an end, it would have conferred a power not intended; if granted as a means, it would have conferred nothing more than was before given by necessary implication. Nor does the rule of interpretation we cotitend for, sanction any usurpation, on the part of the 'national govrnment; since, if the argument be, that the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

implied powers. of the constitution may be assumed 1819.

and exercised, for purposes not really connected with: *M'Cuiloch

the powers specifially granted, under colour of some v.

imnaginary relation between them: the answer is -that State of Ma-

1.

1

yland.

this is nothing more than arguing from the abuse of

constitutional powers, which would equally apply

against the use of those that are confessedly granted

to the national government; that the danger of the

abuse will be checked by .the judicial department,

which, by comparing the means with the proposed

end, will decide whether the connection is real, or

assumed as the pretext for the usurpation of powers

not belonging to the government; and that whatever

may be the magnitude of the danger from this quar-

ter, it is not equal to that of annihilating the powers

of the government, to which the opposite doctrine

would inevitably tend.

3. If, then, the establishment of the parent bank

itself be constitutional, the right to establish the

branches of that bank in the different States of the

Union follows, as an incident of the principal pow-

er. The expediency of this ramification Congress is

alone to determine. To confine the operations of the

bank to the District of Columbia, where Congress

his the exclusive power of legislation, would be as

absurd as to confine the Courts of the United States to

this District. Both institutions are wanted, wherever

the administration of justice or of the revenue is

wanted. The right, then, to establish these branches,

is a necessary part of the. means. This right is not

delegated by Congress to the parent bank. The act

nf Congress for the establishment of offices of dis-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
'establishment
M'Culloch
V.ateloMh
ryland,

count and deposit, leaves thetime and place of their, to the directors, as a matter of detail.
When established, they rest, not on the authority of
the parent bank, but on the authority of Congress. 4. The only remaining question is, whether the act
of the State of Maryland, for taxing the bank thus incorporated, be repugnant to the constitution of the United States? We insist that any such tax, by authority of a State, would be unconstitutional, and that this act is so, from its peculiar provisions. But it is objected, that, by the 10th amendment of the constitution, all powers not expressly delegated to the United States, nor prohibited to the States, are re-
served to the latter. It is said, that this being neither delegated to the one, nor prohibited to the other, must be reserved: And it is also said, that t4je only prohibition on the power of State taxation, which does exist, excludes this case, and thereby leaves it to the
original power of the States. The only prohibition is, as to laying any imposts, or duties on imports and exports, or tonnage duty, and this not being a tax of that character,.is said not to be within the terms of the prohibition; and, consequently, it remains under the authority of the States. But, we answer, that this does not contain the wholesum of constitutional restrictions on the authority of the States. There is another clause in the constitution, which has the effect of a prohibition on the exercise of their authority, in numerous cases. The 6th article of the constitution of the United States, declares, that the laws made in pursuance of it, "shall be the siupreme law of ihe land, any thing in the constitution, or laws of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

361

any State to the contrary notwithstanding." By 1819. this declaratioinn, the States are p0rohibited from pass- ICulloch ing any acts which shall be repugnant to a law of the V. United States. The Court has already instructed Stat' ofM us in the doctrine, that there are certain powers, which, from their nature, are exclusively vested in Congress.a So we contend, here, that the only ground on which the constitutionality of the bank is maintainable, excludes all interference with the exercise of the power by the States. This ground is, that the bank, as ordained by Congress, is an instrument to carry into execution its specified powers; and in order to enable this instrument to operate effectually, it must be under the direction of a single head. It caniot be interfered'with, or controlled in any manner, by the States, without putting at hazard the accomplishment of the end, of which it is but a means. But the asserted power to tax any of the institutions of the United States, presents directly the question of
the supremacy of their laws over the State laws. If this power really exists in the States, its natural and direct tendency is to annihilate any'power which belongs to Congress, whether express or implied. All the powers of the natioral government are to be executed in the States, and throughout the States; and if the State legislatures can tax the instruments by. which those powers are executed, they may entirely
defeat the execution of the powers. If they may tax an institution of finance, they may tax the proceedings in the Courts of the United States. If they may

a Vide Sturges v. Crowninshield, ante, p. 122. VOL. IY.

362

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1811.
uloc State ofMa.
ryland.

tax to one degree, they may tax to any degree; and
nothing buL their own discretion can'impose a limit
upon this exercise of their authority. They may tax both the bank and the Courts, so as to expel them from the States. But, surely, the framers of' the constitution did not intend that the exercise of all the powers of the national government should depend upon the discretion of the State governments. This was the vice of the former confederation, which it was the object of the new constitution to eradicate. It is a direct collision of powers between the two governments. Congress says, there shall be a branch of the bank in the State of Maryland. That State says, there shall not. Which power is supreme? Besides, the charter, which is a contract between the United States and the corporation, is violated by this act of Maryland. A new condition is annexed by a so,ereignty which was no party to the contract. The franchise, or corporate capacity, is taxed by a legislature, between whom and the object of taxation there is no political connection.

'Mr. Jones, for the defendants in error, contended,
1. That this was to be considered as an open question, inasmuch as it had never before been submitted to judicial determination. The practice of the go.vernment, however inveterate, could never be considered as sanctioning a manifest usurpation; still
less could' the practice, under a constitution of a date so recent, be ]put in 'competition with the cotemporaneous exposition of its illustrious authors, as recorded for our instruction, in the "Letters of Pub-,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
lius," or Federalist. The interpretation of the 1819. constitution, which was contended for by the State uloc of Maryland, would be justified from that text book, StateVof Macontaining a 'commenfary, such as no other, age or ryland. nation furnishes, upon its public law.
2. is insisted, that the constitution was formed and adopted, not by, the people of the United States at large, but by the people of the respective States. To suppose that the mere proposition of this fundamental law tbrew the American people into one 'aggregate mass, would be to assume what the instrument -itself does not profess to establish.. It is, therefore, a compact between the States, and all the powers which are not expressly relinquished by it, are reserved to the States. We admit, that. the 10th amendment to the constitution is merely declaratory; that it was adopted ex abundanti cautela ; and that with it nothing more is reserved than would have been reserved without it. But it is contended, on the other side, tbat not only the direct powers, but all incidental powers, partake of the supreme power, which is sovereign. This is an inherent sophism in the opposite argument, which depends on the conversion and ambiguity of terms. What is meant by sovereign power ? It is modified by the terms of the grant under which it was given. They do not import sovereign power generally, out sovereign power limited to particular cases ; and 'the question again recursi, whether sovereign power was given inj this particular case. Is it true, that by conferring sovereign powers on a limited, delegated government, sovereiga means are also granted ? Is there no re-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

11i9. striction as to the means of exercising a general

MICpuolwloechr

? Sovereignty was vested in the former con-

Staat.e off MMa- federation as fully as in the present national governryland. ment. There was nothing which forbad the old

confederation from taxing the people, except that

three modes of raising revenue were pointed out,

and they could resort to no other. All the powers

given to Congress under that system, except taxa-

tion, operated as directly on the people, as the powers

given to the present government. The constitution

does not profess to prescribe the ends merely for

which the government was instituted, but also to de-

tail the most important means by which they were

to be accomplished. "1To levy and collect taxes,"

" to borrow money," "1to pay the public debts," "to

raise and support armies," " to provide and maintain

a navy," are not the ends for which this or any other

just government is established. If a banking cor-

poration can be said to be involved in either of these

means, it must be as an instrument to collect taxes,

to borrow money, and to pay the public debts. Is it

such an instrument? It may, indeed, facilitate the

operation of other financial institutions; but in its

proper and natural character, it is a commercial in-

stitution, a partnership incorporated for the purpose

of carrying on the trade of banking. But we con-

tend that the government of the United States must

confine themselves, in the collection and expendi-

ture of revenue, to the means which are specifically

enumerated in the constitution, or such auxiliary

means as are naturally connected with the specific

means. But what natural connection is there be-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

365

tween the collection of taxes, and the incorporation 1819. of a Company of bankers ? Can it possibly be said, M'Culloch that because Congress is invested with the power of StateV.
Saeof Ma-
raising and supporting armies, that it may give a ryland. charter of monopoly to a trading corporation as a bounty for enlisting men ? Or that, under its more analogous power of regulating commerce, it may establish an East or a West India company, with the exclusive privilege of trading with those parts of the world ? Can it establish a corporation of farmers of the revenue, or burthen the internal industry of the States with vexatious monopolies of their staple productions? There is an obvious distinction between those means which are incidental to the particular power, which follow as a corollary from it, and those which may be arbitrarily assumed as convenient 'to the execution of the power, or usurped under the pretext of necessity. For example: the power of coining money implies the power of establishing a mint. The power of laying and collecting taxes implies the power of regulating the mode of assessment and collection, and of appointing revenue officers; but it does not imply the power of establishing a great banking corporation, branching out into every district of the country, and inundating it with a flood of paper money. To derive such a tremendous authority from implication, would be to change the subordinate into fundamental powers ; to make the implied powers greater than those which are expressly granted; and to change the whole scheme and theory of the government. It is well knorn, that many of, the .powers which are, ex-

.36

CASES [N THE SUPREME COURT

IBID.
M'Culloch
V.
State of Ma. rylaud.

pressly granted to the national government in the consitution, were most reluctantly conceded by thd people, who were lulled into confidence by'the assurances of its advocates, that it contained no latent ambiguity, but was to be limited to the literal terms of the grant: and in order to quiet all alarm, the 10th article of amendments was added, declaring "that the powers not delegated to the United States
by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." It would seem that human language could not furnish words less liable to misconstruction! But it is contended, that the powers expressly granted to the national government in the constitution, are enlarged to an indefinite extent, by the sweeping clause, authorizing Congress to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers expressly delegated to the national government, or any of its departments or officers. Now, we insist, that this clause shows that the intention of the Convention was, to define the powers of the government with the utmost precision and accuracy. The 'creation of a sovereign legisla-
ture implies an authority to pass laws to execute its given powers. This clause is nothing more than a declaration of the authority of Congress to make laws, to execute the powers expressly granted to it, and the other departments of the government. But the laws which they are authorized to make, are to be such as are necessary and proper for this purpose. No terms could be found in the language more absolutely ex-
cluding a general and unlimited discretion thaft

OF THE UNITED STATES.

367

diese. It is not " necessary or proper," hut " neces- 1819.

sary and proper."' The reans used must have both M'Culloeh

these qualities. It must be, not merely convenient-

V.

State of Ma-
fit-adapted-proper to the accomplishment of the ryland.

end in view ,it must likewise be necessary for the

accomplishment of that end. Many means may

be proper which are not necessary; because the

end may be attained without them. The word ;Ine-

cessary," is said to be a synonyme of " needful."

But both these words are defined 1"indispensably re-

quisite ;" and most certainly this is the sense in which

the word " necessary" is used in the constitution.

To give it a more .lax sense, would be to altei the

whole character of tile government as a sovereignty

of limited powers. This is not a purpose for which

violence zhould be done to the obvious and natural

sense of any terms, used in an instrument drawn up

with great simplicity, and with extraordinary pref:i-

sion. The only question, then, on this branch of the argument, will be, whether the establishment of a

banking corporation be indispensablyrequisiteto exe-
cute any of the express powers of the government ? So far as the interest of the United States is concerned as partners of this company of bankers; or so far as the corporation may be regarded as an executive officer of the government, acquiring real and personal property in trust for the use of the government, it may be asked, what right the United States have to acquire property of any kind, except that purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State in which such property may be, for the erection of forts, magazines, &c.; and ships or muni-

368

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
MICi-lloch
V. rland.

tions of war, constructed or purchased by the United States,7 and the public treasure ? Their right of acquiring property is absolutely limited to the subjects specified, which were the only means, of the nalure of wealth or property, with which the people thought it necessary to invest them. The people never intend,:d they should . become bankers- or, traders of any description. They meant to leave to the States the power of regulating the trade of banking, and every other species of internal industry; subject merely to the power of Congress to regulate foreign c6mmerce, and the commerce between the different States, with which it is not pretended that this asserted power is connected. The trad6 of banking within the particular States would then either be left to regulate itself, and carried on as a branch of private trade, as it is in many countries; or banking companies would be incorporated by the State legislatures to tarry it on, as has been the usage of this country. But ,in either case, Congress would have nothing to do with the subject. The power of creating corporations is a distinct sovereign power, applicable to a great variety of objects, and not being exprepsly granted to Congress for this, or any other object, cannot be assumed by implication. If it might be assumed for this purpose, it might also be exercised to create corporations for the purpose of constructing roads and canals';' a power to construct which has been also lately discovered among other secrets of the constitution, developed ,by this dangerous doctrine of implied powers. Or it might be exercised to establish great trading mo-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

369

nopolies,'or to lock. up the property Of-the country in isi9.

mortmain, by sonle strained connection between the MI'UClch

exercise of such powers, and those expressly given StateVo'f M-

to the government.

ryland.

3. Supposing the establishment of such- a bank-

ing corporation,, to be implied as one of the means

necessary and proper to execute the powers expressly

granted to the national. government, it is contended

-by the' counsel opposed to us, that its property is ex-

empted from taxation by the State governments, be-

cause they, caifnot interfere with the exercise of any

of the powers, express or implied, with which Con-

gress is invested. ·But the radical vice of this argu-

ment is, that the taxing power of the States,, as'it

would exist, independent of the. constitution, is in

no respect limited or controlled by that supreme law,

except in the single case, of imposts and tonnage

duties, which the States cannot lay, unless for the

purpose of executing their inspection laws,. ,-Bt

their power, oftaxation is absolutely unlimited.in,

every other respect. Their power to ,tax the" pro-

perty, of this corporation cannot be denied "without

.atthe'same time denyingtheir right to tax any: pro-

.perty of the United States. The property of the'

bank cannot be. more highly privileged than.,that of

the government. But, they are not, forbidden from:

taxing the property of the governmnnt, and therefore

-cannot be constructively prohibited from taxiig that,

of the bank. Bleing prohibited from taxing. exports

and imports, and tonnage, and left free from any other

prohibition, in this respect; they, may tax every thing

else but exports; imports, and tonnage. The authority of

VoL, IV.

47

370

7ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. "the Federalist" is' express, that the taxing power of
Mm'Culiloch Congress does not exclude that of the States over any State Vof.Ma- other objects except these. If, then, the exercise of
rylamnL the taxing power of Congress does not exclude that of the States, why should the exercise of any other power by Congress, exclude the power of taxation by the States? If an express power will not exclude it, shall an implied power have that effect? If a power of the same kind will not exclude it, shall a power of A different kind ? The unlimited power of taxation results from State sovereignty. It is expressly taken away only in the particular instances mentioned. Shall others be added by implication ? Will it be pretended that there are two species of sovereignty inour government?. Sovereign power is absolute, as to the objects to which' it may be applied But the sovereign power og taxation in the States, may be applied to all other objects, except imposts and tonnage: Its exercise cannot, therefore, he limited and controlled by the exercise of another sovereign power in Congress. The right of
both sovereignties are co-equal and co-extensive. The trade of banking may. be' taxed by the State of Maryland; the, United.States iay incorporate a company to carry on the trade of banking, which may establish a branch in Maryland: The exerciso of the one sovereign power,, cannot be controlled by the exercise of the other. It can no more be controlled in this case, than if it were the power of. taxation in Congress, which was interfered with by the power of taxation 'in the State, both being exerted concurrently' on the same object. In both

OF THE UNITED STATES.

cases, mutual confidence, discretion, and forbearance', can alone qualify the exercise of the conflicting powers, and prevent the destruction of either. This is an anomaly, and perhaps an imperfection in our system of government. 13t neither Congress., nor this Court, can correcet it. That system was established by. reciprocal concessions and compromises between the State and Federal governments. Its harmony can only be maintained in:the same spirit. Even admitting that the property of the United States, (such as they have a right to hold,) their forts and dock yards, their ships and m;]*tary stores, their archives and treasures, public institutions of war, or revenue or justice, are exempt.by necessary implication'from State taxation; does it therefore follow, that this corporation, which is a partnership of bankers, is also exempt? They are not collectors of the revenue, any more than any State bank or foreign bankers,. whose'agency the government- may find it convenient to employ as depositaries of itsr funds. They may be employed to remit those funds from one place to another, or to Procure loans, or to buy and sell stock: but it is in a commercial, and 'not an admiriistrative character, that they are thus employed. The corporate character with Which these persons are cloathed, does not exempt them from State taxation. It is the nature of their employment as agents or officer's of the.government, if any thing, which must create the exemption., But the same employment of the State bank or private bankers, would equally 'entitle them to the same exemption. Nor can the exemption of the stock of this

189. "
taeVof .Ma. ryaSa.

372

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. M,uIcCuloch
; a.
taf.

corporation from State taxation, be claimed on the ground of the proprietary interest which the United States have in it as stockholders. Their interest is undistinguishably blended with the general capital stock; if they will mix theii funds with those of bankers, or engage as partners in any other branch 9 f commerce, their sovereign character and dignity are lost in the mercantile character which they have assumed ; and their property thus employed becomes subject to local taxation, like other capital employed
in trade.

Mr. Martin, Attorney General of Maryland, 1. read several extracts from the Federalist, and the debates of the Virginia and New- York Conventions, to
show that the cotemporary exposition of the constitution by its authors, and by those who supported its adop, tion1, was wholly repugnant to that now contended for by the counsel for the plaintiff in error. That it was then maintained, by the enemies of the constitution, that it contained a vast variety of powers, lurking under the generality of its phraseology, which would prove highly dangerous to the liberties of the people, hnd the rights of the States, unless controlled by some declaratory amendment, which'should negative their existence. This apprehension was treated as a dream of distempered jealousy. The danger was denied to exist; but to provide an assurance against the possibility of its occurrence, the 10th amendment was added to the constitution. This, however, could be considered as nothing more than'declaratory of the sense of the people, as to the extent of the powers

OF THE UNITED STATES.

373

conferred on the new government. We are now called upon to apply that theory of interpretation which was then rejected by the friends of the new constitution, and we are asked to engraft upon it powers of vast extent, 'which were disclaimed by them, and which, if they had been fairly avowed at thetime, would have prevented its adoption. Before we do this, they must, at leastj be proved to exist,

.1819.
'uv ch
V.
rylad.

upon a candid examination of this instrument, as if it were now for the first time submitted to interprepation. Although we cannot, perhaps, be allowed to say, that the States have been "deceived in itheir grant ;" yet. we may justly claim something like a
rigorous demonstration of this power, wich no Where- appears upon the face of the constitution, but which is supposed to be tacitly inculcated in its general object and spirit. That the scheme of the framers of the constitution intended to leave nothing to implication, will be,'evident from the.consideration,
that many of the powers expressly given are only' means to accomplish other powers expressly given. For example: The power to declare war involves, by necessary implication, if any thing was to be implied, the powers of raising and supporting armies, and providing and maintaining. a navy, to prosecute the War then declared. So, also, as money is the sinew of war, the powers, of loying and collecting taxes, and of borrowing money, are involved in that' of declaring war. Yit, all these powers are specifically enumerated. If, then, the Convention has specified some powers, which, being only means to ac.complish the.'ends of government, might have bee

374

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. ""'
M'Culloch
StateVof.Maryland.

taken by implication ; by what just rule of construc-
tion are other sovereign powers, equally vast and important, to be assumed by implication ? We insist, that the only safe rule is the plain letter of the constitution ; the rule which the constitutional legislators themselves have prescribed, in the 10th amendment,
which is merely declaratory ; that the, powers not delegated to the United States, nor prohibited to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. The power of establishing corporations is *notdelegated to the United States,' nor prohibited to the individual States. It is, therefore, reserved to the States,'or to the people. It is not expressly delegated, either as an end, or a means of national government. It is not to be taken by implicatign, as a means of executing any or all of th9 powers expressly granted ; because other means, not more important or more sovereign in their character, are expressly enumerated. We still insist, that the authority of establishing corporations is one of the great sovereign powers of government. - It may well exist in the State governments, without being expressly conferred in the State constitutions; because those governments have all the usual powers which belong to every political society, unless expressly forbidden,
by the letter of the State constitutions, from exercising them. The power of establishing corporations has been constantly exercised by the State governments, and-no portion of it has been ceded by them to the government of the United States.
.2. But, admitting that Congress has a right to in-. :orporate a banking company, as one of the means

OP THE UNITED STATES.

.575

-ecessary and proper to execute the specific powers

.

of the national. government ; we insist, that the re- M'Culloch

spective States have the right to tax the property of v.

that corporation, within their territory; that the,Uni- State of M-

ted States cannot, by such an act of incorporation,

withdraw any part of the property within the State

from the grasp of taxation. It is not necessary for us to contend, that any part of the. public property of

the United States, its munitions of war, its ships, and

treasure, are subject to State taxation. But if the United States hold shares in the stock of. a private

banking company, or any other trading company,

their property is not exempt from taxition, in com-

mon with the other capital stock of the company;

still less can it communicate to the shares belonging

to private stockholders, an immunity from local taxa-

tion. The right of, taxation by the State, is co-ex-

tensive with all private property. within the State. The interest of the United States in this bank is private property,, though belonging to public persons

It is held by .the government, as an undivided interest

with private stockholders. It. is employed in the

same .trade i subject. to. the same fluctuations. o value, and liable to the'osame contingencies of pro-

fit and loss." Thq shares, belonging to the United States, or of any other stockholders, are not sub-

jected to direct taxation by the iaw of Maryland.

The tax imposed, is a stamp tax upon the notes

issued by a banking house within the State of:Ma-

ryland. Because the United States happen to be

partially'interested, either as dormaht or active part-

ners, in that' house, is .no reason why the State should

refrain from laying a tax which, they have,. other-

376

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. wise, a constitutional right to impose, any more than

M'Culloch if they were to become interested in any other house

t. f State of Ma-

of trade,

which

should

issue

its notes, or bills

of ex-

ryland. change, liable to a stamp duty, by a law of the State.

But it is said that a right to taxr, in this case, implies

a right to destroy ; that it is impossible to draw the

line of discrimination between a tax fairly laid for

the purposes of revenue, and one imposed for the pur-

.pose of prohibition. We answer, that the same ob-

jection would equally ap)ply to the right of Congress

to tax the Statebanks; since, the same difficulty of.

discriminating occurs in the exercise of that right.

The whole of'this subject of taxation is full of diffi-

culties, whch the Convention found it impossible to

solve, in a manner entirely satisfactory. The first

attempt was to divide the subjects of taxation be-

tween the State and the national government. This

being found impracticable, or inconvenient, the State

governments surrendered altogether their right to tax

imports and exports, and' tonnage giving the autho-

rity to tax all other subjects to Congress,. but resery-

ing to the States a concurrent right to tax the same

subjects to an unlimited extent. This was one of the

anomalies of the government, the evils of which must

be endured, or mitigated by discretion an4 mutual

forbearance. The debates in the State conventions

show that the power of State taxation was under-

stood, to be absolutely unlimited, except as to im-

posts and:tonnage duties. The States would not

have adopted the constitution upon any other under-

standing. As to the judicial proceedings, and the

custom house papers of the United States, they are

OF THE UNITED STATES.

377

not property, by their very nature; they are not the .1. subjects of taxation';· they are the proper instruments lMWIGu-lloc.hc. of national sovereignty, essential to the exercise of V. its powers, and in legal contemplation altogethber ex- Syartyelaonf dM. a. tra-territorial as to State authority.

Mr. Pinkney, for the plaintiff in error, in reply, stated, 1. That the cause must first be cleared of a question which ought not to have been forced into the argument-!-whether the act of Congress establishing the bank was consistent with the constitution ? This question depended both on authority and on principle. No topics to illustrate it could be drawn from the confederation, since the present constitution was as different from that, as light from darkness. The former was a -mere federative league ; an alliance offensive and defensive between the States, such as there had been many examples of in the history of the world. It had no power of coercin but by arms. Its radical vice, and that which the new constitution was intended to reform, was legislation upon sovereign States in their corporate capacity. But the constitution acts directly on the people, by means of powers communicated directly from the people. No State, in its corporate capacity, ratified it; but it was pro*posed for adoption to popular conventions. It springs from the people, precisely'as the State constitutions spring from the people, and acts on them in a similar manner. It was adopted by them in the geographical sections into which the country is divided. The federal powers are just as sovereign as these of the States. The State -overeigniis are not the authors

VOL.. IV.

4P

378 1sig. ,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of-the constitution of the United States. They are preceding in point of time, to the national sovereignty,

Stt.e ryland.

.Mbut tey are postponed to it in point of supremacy, by the will of the people. The means of giving. efficacy to the sovereign authorities vested by the peo-
ple ig1 the national government, are those adapted to the end; fitted~to promote, and having a natural rela-

tion. and connexion with, tWre objects of that govern-
ment. The constitution, by which these authorities, and the-means of executing them, are given, and the laws made. in pursuance of it, are declared to be the :supreme law'of. the land; and they would have been
such, without the insertion of this declaratory clause. .They must be supreme or they would be nothing. The constitutionality of the establishment of the bank, as~one of the means necessary to carry into effect the authorities -vested in the national government, is no longer an open question. It has been long siuce settled by decisions of the most revered authority, legislative, executive, and judicial. A legislative .construction, in a doubtful case, persevered in fora course of years, ought to be binding upon the
Court.' This, however,.is not a question of construetion merely, but of political necessity, on Which Congress must decide. It is conceded, that a manifest usurpation cannot be maintained in this. mode; but, we contend, that this is such a doubtful "case, that Congress may expound the nature and extent of the authority under Which it acts, and' that this practical interpretation has-become .iilcorporated.into the constitution. There are two distinguishing points which .entitle it to great respect. The fAit is, that it was a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

379

cotemporaneous construction; the second is, that it 1819..was made by the authors of the constitution them- MCUlloch selves. The members of the convention who framed V. the constitution, passed into the first Congress, by ryland. which the new government was organized. They must have understood their own work. They determined that the constitution gave to Congress the power of incorporating a banking company. It Was not required that this power should be expressed in the text of the constitution ; it might safely be left to implication. An express authority to erect corporations generally, would have been perilous; since it
might have been constructively extended to the creation of corporations entirely unnecessary to carry into effect the other powers granted; we do not claim an authority in this respect, beyond the sphere of the specific powers. The grant of an authority
to erect certain corporations, might have been equally dangerous, by omitting to provide for others, which time and experience might show.to be equally, and even more necessary. It is a historical fact of great importance in this discussion, that amendments to the constitution were actually proposed, in order to guard against the establishment of commercial monopolies. But if the general power of incorporating did not exist, why seek to qualify it, or to guard against its abuse? The legislative precedent established in 1791, has been followed up by a series of acts of Congress, all confirming the authority. Political considerations alone might have produced the refusal to renew the charter in 1811 ; 'at any rate, we know that they mingled themselves in the debate, and the determina-

380

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

189.
MICulloch
V. ryland;

tion. In 1815, a bill was passed by the two houses of Congress, incorporating a national bank ; to which the President refused his assent, upon political con-
siderations only, waiving the question of constitutionality as being settled by cotemporaneous exposition, and repeated subsequent recognitions. In 1816, all branches of the legislature concurred in establishIng the corporation, whose chartered rights are now in judgment before the Court. None of these measures ever passed sub silentio; the proposed incorporation was always discussed, and opposed, and supported, on constitutional grounds, as well as on considerations of politicalexpediency. Congress is, pnmafacie,, a competent judge of its owfconstitutional powers. It is not, as in questions of privilege, the exclusive judge; but it must first decide, and that in a proper judicial character, whether a law is constitutional, before it is passed. It had an opportunity of exercising it.s judgment in this respect, upon the present subject, not only in the principal acts incorporating the former, and the present bank, but in the various incidental statutes subsequently enacted on the same subject; in all of which, the question of constitutionality was equally open -to debate, but in none of which was it agitated.
There are, then, in the present case, the repeated deter'minations of the three branches of the national
legislature, confirmed by the constant acquiescence of the State sovereignties, and of the people, for a considerable length. of time.. Their strength is, fortified by judicial authority. The decisions in
the Courts, affirming the constitutionality of these

OF THE UNITED STATES.
laws, passed, indeed, sub silentio; but it was the 1819. duty of the judges, espe·cial,ly in criminal cases, to M'Culloch have raised. the question;.and we are to conclude, StateV.f Mafrom this circumstance, that no doubt was entertained ryland. respecting it. And if the question be examined on principle, it will be found not to admit of doubt. Has Congress, abstractedly, the authority to erect corporations ? This authority is not more a sovereign power than many other powers which are acknowledged to exist, and which are but means to an end. All the objects of the government are national objects, and the means are, and must be, fitted to accomplish them. These objects are enumerated in the constitulion, and have no limits but the constitution itself. A more perfect union is to be formed ; justice to be established; domestic tranquillity insured ; the common defence provided for ; the general welfare promoted ; the blessings of liberty secured to the present generation, and to posterity. For the attainment of these vast objects, the government is armed with powers and faculties corresponding in magnitude. Congress has power to lay and collect taxes and duties, imposts and excises; to pay the debts, and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; to borrow money on the credit of the nation ; to regulate commerce; to establish uniform naturalization and bankrupt laws ; to coin money, and regulate the circulating medium, and the standard of weights and measures; to establish post offices and post roads; to promote thie progress of science and the useful arts, by .granting patents and copy-rights; to constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court, and to de-

382

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1819. fine and punish offences against the law of nations; ' to declare and carry on war; to raise and support M. armies, and to provide and maintain a navy ; to dis-
S-ate of Ma. cipline.and governthe land and naval forces; to call
forth the militia to execute the laws, suppress insur·rections, and repel invasions; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia;' to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases, over' the district -where the seat; of government is established, and over such other portions of territory as may be ce-
ded to the Union for theerection of forts, magazines, &c.; to dispose of, and make all needful rules and regulations respectingi the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and to make all 0laws which shall 'be necessary and proper for carrying into execution these powers and all other powers vested in the national government or any of its'departments- orofficers. The laws thus made are declared to be-. the supreme law of the, land ; and the, judges inevery- State are bound thereby, any thing 'inthe constitution or laws'of any State ,to the contrary notwithstanding. Yet it is doubted, whether a government invested with such immense powers has authority to erect a coi'poration within the sphere of its general objects, and in order to accomplish sodme of those objects ! The State powers are much less. in point of magnitide, though greater in number; yet it is supposed the States possess the authority of establishing corporations, whilst it is denied; to the general government. It is conceded to the State legislatures, though not specifically granted, because it is said to be an incident of State sovereignty ; but it

OF THE UNITED STATES.

W

is refused to Congress, because it is not specifically 1819. granted, though it may be necessary and proper to ", -
IM'CUllocha
execute the powers which are specifically granted. S.l But the authority of legislation in the State govern- State of Mament is not unlimited. There are several limitations ry to their legislative authority. First; from the nature of all government, especially of republican government, in which the residuary powers of sovereignty, not granted specifically, by inevitable implication, are reserved to the people. Secondly ; from the express limitations contained in the State constitutions. And, Thirdly; from the express prohibitions to the States contained in the United States' constitution. The power of erecting corporations is no where expressly granted. to the legislatures of the States in their constitlktions; it is taken by necessary implication: but it cannot be exercised to accomplish any of the ends which are beyond the sphere of their constitutional authority. The power of erecting corporations is not an end of any government; it is a necessary means of accomplishing the ends of all governments. It is an authority inherent in, and incident to, all sovereignty. The history of corporations will illustrate this position. They were transplanted from the Roman law into the common law of England, and all the municipal codes of modern Europe. From England they were derived to this country. But, in the civil law, a corporation could be created by, a mere voluntary association of individuals.a And, in England, the authority.of parlia-

a 1 Bl. Com. 471.

384.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. ment is not necessary to create a corporate body. M'Culloch The king may do it, and may communicate his power StateVof.Ma.I to a subject ;a so little is this regarded as a transcen-
ryland, dent power of sovereignty in the British constitution.
So, also, in our constitution it ought to be regarded as but a subordinate power, to carry into effect the great objects -of government. The State governments cannot establish corporations to carry into effect the national powers given to Congress, nor caii Congress create corporations to execute the peculiar duties of the State governments. But so much of the power or faculty of incorporation as concerns national objects has passed away from the State legislatures, and is vested in the national government. An act of incorporation is but a law, and laws are but means to -promote the legitimate end of all government-the felicity of the people. All powers are given to the national government, as the people will. The reservation in the 10th amendment to the constitution, of "powers not delegated to the United
States," is not confined to powers not expressly delegated. Such an amendmentwas indeed proposed; but it was perceived, that it would strip the government of some of its most* essential powers, and. it was rejected.- Unless a specific means be expressly prohibited to the general government, it has it,' within the sphere of its specified- powers. Many particular means are, of course, involved in. the general means necessary to carry into effect the powers expressly
granted, and, in that case, the general means become

a I..BL'Com, 474.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the end, and the smaller objects the means. It was impossible for the framers of the constitution to specify prospectively all these means, both because it would have involved an immense variety of details, and because it would have been impossible for them to foresee the infinite variety of circumstances in such an unexampled state of political society as ours, forever changing and forever improving. How unwise would it have been to legislate immutably for exigencies which had not then occurred, and which must have been foreseen but dimly and imperfectly! The security against abuse is to be found in the constitution and nature of the government, in.its popular character and structure. The statute book of the United States is filled with powers derived from implication. The power to lay and collect taxes will not execute itself. Congress must designate in detail all the means of collection. So, also, the power of establishing post offices and post roads, involves that of punishing the offence of robbing the mail. But there is no more necessary connexion between the punishment of mail robbers, and the power to establish post roads, than there is between the institution of a bank, and the collection of the revenue and payment of the publi> debts and expenses. So, light houses, beacons,
buoys, and public piers, have all been established under the general power to regulate commerce. But they are not indispensably necessary to commerce. It might linger on without these aids, though exposed to more perils and losses. So, Congress has authority to coin money, and to guard the purity of the.circulating medium, by providing for the punish-

1819.
' .
StateofMa.

VOL. IV.

49

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. ment of counterfeiting the current coin: but laws M'Culloch are also made for punishing the offence of uttering State-dfVM.a- and passing the" coin thus counterfeited. It is the
ryland. duty of the Court to construe the constitutional powers of the national government liberally, and to mould them so as to effectuate its great objects. Whence is derived the power to punish smuggling? It does not collect the impost, but it is a means more effectually to prevent the collection from being diminished in amount, by frauds upon the revenue laws. Powers, as-means, may then be implied in many cases. And if so,, why not in this case as well as any other? The power of making all needful rulesaqd regulations respecting the territory of the United-States, is one of the specified powers of Congress. Under this power, it has never been doubted, that Congress had authority to establish corporations in the territorial governments. But this power is derived entirely from implication, it is assumed as an incident to the principal power. If it may be assumed in that case, upon the ground that it is a necessary means of carrying Ijto effect the power ex.pressly granted, Why may it not be assumed in the present case, upon a similar ground ? It is readily admitted, that there must be a relation in the nature and fitness of things, between the means used and the end to be accomplished. But the question is, whether the necessity which will justi-fy a resort to a certain means must be an absolute, indispensable,. .inevitable necessity? The power of passing all laws necessary and proper to carry into effect the other powers specifically granted, is a political power; it

OF THE UNITED STATES.

337

is a matter of legislative discretion, and those who exercise it, have'aIVw.ide range of choice in selecting means. In its exercise, the- mind must compare means with each other. But absolute necessity excludes all choice; and therefore, it cannot be this
species of necessity which 'is required. Congress alone has the fit means of inquiry and decision. The more. or less of necessity never can enter as an
ingredient into judicial decision. Even absolute necessity cannot be judged of here; still less can practical necessity be determined in a judicial forum. The judiciary may, indeed, and must, see that what has been done is not a mere evasive pretext, under which the national legislature travels out of the proscribed bounds of its authority, and encroaches upon State sovereignty, or the rights of the people. For this purpose, it must inquire whether the means assumed have a connexion, in the nature-and fitness of things, with the end to be accomplished. The vast variety of possible means, excludes the practicability of judicial determination as to the fitness of a particular means. It is sufficient that it does not appear to be violently and unnaturailly forced into the service, or fraudulently assumed, in order to usurp a new sub, stantive power of. sovereignty. 'A philological analysis of the terms" necessary and proper" will illustrate the argument; Compare these terms as they are used in that part of the constitution now in question, with the qualified manner in which they are used in the 40th section of the same article. In the latter, it is provided that "no State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any imposts or duties, on ira-

181g.
MCuiocb
SttattYe ooaf Ma-
ryland.

388

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18 7.
M.Culi0ch State Vof.Ma-
ryland.

ports or exports, except what may be absolutely Be-
cessary for executing its inspection laws." In the clause in question, Congress is invested with the power "to make all laws which shall be necessary
andproper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers," &c. There is here then, no qualification of the necessity. It need not be absolute. It may be taken in its ordinary grammatical sense. The word necessary, standing by itself, has no inflexible meaning ; it is used in a sense more or less strict, according to the subject. This, like many other words, has a primitive sense, and another figurative and more relaxed; it may be qualified by the addition of adverbs of diminution or enlargement, such as very, indispensably, more, less, or absolutely necessary; which last is the sense in which it is used in the 10th section of this article of the constitution. But that it is not always used in this strict and rigorous sense, ;ay be proved by tracing its definition and etymology in every human language.
If, then, all the powers of the national govern-
ment are sovereign and supreme; if the power of incorporation is incidental, and involved in the others ; if the degree of political necessity which will justify a resort to a particular means, to carry into execution the other powers of the government, can never be a criterion of judicial determination, but
must be left to legislative discretion; it only remains to inquire, whether a bank has a natural and obvious connection with other express or implied powers, so as to become a necessary and proper means of .carrying thorn into execution. A bank

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-S89

might be established as a branch of the public ad- 1. ministration without incorporation. The* overn- M'culloch ment might issue paper upon the credit of the public - v.
State of Ma-
faith, pledged for its redemption, or upon the credit. rylan4. of its property and funds. Let the office where this paper is issued be made a place of deposit for the money of individuals, and authorize its officers to discount, and a bank is created. It onlywants the forms of incorporation. But, surely, it will not be pretended, that clothing it with these forms would make such an establishment unconstitutional. In the bank which is actually established and incorporated, the United States are joint stockholders, and appoint joint directors; the secretary of the treasury has a supervising authority over its affairs;, it is bound, upon his requisition, to transfer the-funds of the government wherever they may be wanted; it performs 'all the duties of commissioners of the loan office; it is bound to loan the government a certain amount of money on demand; its notes are receivable in payment for public debts and duties.; it is iitimately connected, according to the usage -of the whole .world, with the power of borrowing money, and with all the financial operations of the governnient. It has, also, a close connection with the power-of regulating foreign commerce, and that between the different States. It provides a circulating medium, by which that commerce can be more conveniently carried on, and exchanges may be facilitated. It is true, there are State banks by which a circulating medium to a 'certain extent is provided. But that only diminishes the quantum of necessity,

390

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
X-ICullocil
V;
State of Ma-
rand.

which is no criterion by which to test the constitutionality of a measure. It is also connected with the power of making all needful regulations for the
government of the territory, "and other property of the United States." If they may establish a corpo-
ration to regulate their territory, they may establish
oe to regulate their property. Their treasure is their propprty, and may be invested in this mode. Itisput in partnership; but not for the purpose of carrying on the trade of banking, as one of the ends for which the government was established ; but only as an instrument or means for executing its sovereign powers. This instrument could not be rendered effectual for. this purpose but by mixing the property of individuals with that of the public. The bank could not otherwise acquire a credit for its notes. Universal experience shows, that, if altogether a government bank, it could not acquire, or would soon lose, the confidence of the community.
2. As to the branches, they are identical with the parent bank. The power to establish them is that species of subordinate power, wrapped up in the principal power, which Congress may place at its discretion.
3. The last, and greatest,.and only difficult question in the cause, is that which respects the assumed right of the States to tax this bank, and its branches, thus established by Congress ? This is a question, comparatively of no importance to the individual States, but of vital importance to the Union. Deny this exemption to the bank as an instrument of government, and what is the consequence ? There is no express provi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
sion in the constitution, which exempts 'any of the 1819. national institutions orIproperty from State taxation. M'Culloch It is only by implication that the army, and navy, and V. treasure, and judicature of the Union, are exempt Statof M.; from State taxation. Yet they are practically exempt; and they must be, or it would be in ihe power of any one State to destroy their use. Whatever the United States have a right to do, the individual States have no right to undo. The power of Congress to establish a bank, like its other sovereign powers, is supreme, or it would be nothing. Rising out of an exertion of paramount authority, it .cannot be subject to any other power. Such a power in the States, as that contended for on the other side, is.manifestly repugnant to the power of Congress ; since a power to establish implies a power to continue and preserve. There is a manifest repugnancy between the power of Maryland to tax, and the power of Congress to preserve, this institution. A power to build up what another may pull down at pleasure, is a power which may provoke a smile, but can do nothing else. This law of Maryland acts directly on the operations of the bank, and may destroy it. There is no limit or check in this respect, but in the discretion of the State legislature. That discretion cannot be controlled by the national councils. Whenever the local councils of Maryland will it, the bank must be expelled from that State. A right to tax without limit or control, is essentially a power to destroy. If one national institution may be destroyed in this manner,
all may be destroyed in the same manner. If this power to tax the national property and institutions

592

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. exists in the State of Maryland, it is unbounded in

mM'Cexutlelonct.h

There can be no check upon it, either by

StateVof.Ma- Congress, or the people of the other States. Is

ryland. there then any intelligible, fixed, defined boundary of

this taxing power ? If any, it must be found in this

Court. If it does not exist here ,' it is a nonentity.

But the Court cannot say what is an abuse, and what

is a legitimate use of the power. The legislative

intention may be so masked, as to defy the scruti-

nizing eye of the Court. How will the Court as-

certain, a priori, that a given amount of tax will

crush the bank ? It is essentially a question of poli-

tical economy, and there are always a vast variety of

facts bearing upon it. The facts may be mistaken.

Some important considerations belonging to the sub-

ject may be kept out of sight. They must all vary

with times and circumstances. The result, then,

must determine whether the tax is destructive. But

the bank may linger on for some time, and that re-

sult cannot be known until the work of destruction

is consummated. A criterion which has been pro-

posed, is to see whether the tax has been laid, im-

partially, upon the State banks, as well as the Bank

of the United States. Even this is an unsafe test ;

for the State governments may, wish, and intend, to

destroy their own banks. The existence of any na-

tional institution ought not to depend upon so frail

a security. But this tax is levelled exclusively at

the branch of the United States' Bank established

in Maryland. There is, in point of fact, a branch of

no other bank within that State, ;nd there can legally

be no other. It is a fundamental article of the State

OF THE UNITED STATES.

393

constitution of'Maryland, that taxes shall operate on 1819. all the citizens impartially, and uniformly, in propor- MICuloch tion to their property, with the exception, however, v. of taxes laid for political purposes. This is a tax ryland. State of Malaid for a, political purpose; for the purpose of destroying a great institution of the national government; and if it were not imposed for that purpose, it would be repugnant to the State constitution, as not being laid uniformly on all the citizens, in proportion to their property. So that the legislature cannot disavow this to be its object, without, at the same time, confessing a manifest violation of the State constitution. Compare this act of Maryland with that of Kentucky, which is yet to come before the Couirt, and the absolute necessity of repressing such. attempts in their infancy, will be evident. Admit the constitutionality of the Maryland tax, and mat of Kentucky follows inevitably. How can it be said, that the office of discount and deposit in Kentucky
cannot bear a tax of sixty thousand (ollars per annum, payable monthly ? Probably it'could not; but judicial certainty is essential; and the Court has no means of arriving at that certainty. There is then, here, an absolute repugnancy of power to power; we are not bound to show, that the particular exercise of the power in the present case is absoluteiy repugnant. It is sufficient that the same power may
be thus exercised. There certainly may be some exceptions out of the
taxing power of the States, other than those created by the taxing power of Congress; because, if there were no implied exceptions, then the navy, and other

VOL., IV.

394

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. exclusive property of the United States, would be

M'Culloch liable to State taxation. If some of the powers of .V. Congress, other than its taxing power, necessarily

State of Ma-
rqland.

involve

incompatibility

with

the taxing power

of

the

States, this may be incompatible. This is incompa-

ble; for a power. to impose a tax ad libitum upon the

notes of the bank, is a power to repeal the law, by

which the bank was created. The bank cannot be

useful, it cannot act at all, unless it issues notes. If

the present tax does not disable the bank from issuing

its notes, another may; and it is the authority itself

which is questioned as being entirely repugnant to the

power which established, and preserves the bank.

Two powers thus hostile and incompatible cannot

co-exist. There must he, in this case, an implied

exception to the general taxing power of the States,

because it is a tax upon the legislative faculty of

Congress, upon the national property, upon the -na-

tional institutions. Because the taxing powers of

the two governments are concurrent in some respects,

it does not follow, that there may not be limitations

on the taxing power of the States, other than those

which are imposed by the taxing power of Congress.

Judicial proceedings are practically a subject of tax-

ation in many countries, and in some of the States

of this Union. The States are not expressly prohi-

bited in the constitution from taxing the judicial pro-

ceedings of the United States. Yet such a prohibi-

tion must be implied, or the administration of justice

in the national Courts might be obstructed by a prohi-

bitory tax. But such a tax is no more a tax on the

legislative faculty of Congress than this. The branch

OF THE UNITED STATES.

S95

bank in Maryland is as much an institution of the so- 1819. vereign power of the U'n"ion, as the Circuit Court of M'Culloch Maryland. One is established in virtue of an express V. power; the oth~eri-yblyanadn. implied authority; but both State ofIaare equal, and equally supreme. All the property and all the institutions of the United States are, constructively, without the local, territorial jurisdiction of the individual States, in every respect, and for every purpose, including that of taxation. This immunity must extend to this case, because the power of taxation imports the power of taxation for the purpose of prohibition and destruction. The immunity of foreign' public Vessels from the local jurisdiction, whether State or national, was established in the case of the Exchange," not upon positive municipal law, nor upon conventional law; but it was implied, from the usage of nations, and the necessity of the case. If, in :favour of foreign governments,-
such an edifice of exemption has been built up, independent of the letter of the constitution, or of any other written law, shall not a similar edifice be raised on the same foundations, for the security of our own national government? So, also, the jurisdiction of a foreign power, holding a temporary possession of a portion of national territory, is no where provided for in the constitution; but is derived from inevitable implication.b These analogies show, thatthere may be exemptions from State jurisdiction, not detailed in. the constitution, but arising out of general consideradons. If Congress'has power to do a particular. act,

n 7 cranch, 116. b The United States v. Rice, ante, p. 246.

396

CASES IN THE, SUPREME COURT

189.
'there
MICulIoch
t . rrt)alaroenfdM. a-

no State can impede, retard, or burthen it. Can be a stronger ground, to infer a cessation of
State jurisdiction ? The bank of the United States is as much an in-
strument of the government for fiscal purposes, as the Courts are its instruments for judicial purposes. They both proceed from the supreme power, and equally claim its protection. Though every State in the Union may impose a stamp tax, yet no State can lay astamp tax upon the judicial proceedings or custom-house papers of the United States. But there is no such express exception to the general taxing power of the States contained in the constitution. It arises from the general nature of the governmenti and from the principle of the supremacy of the na-
tional powers, and the laws made to execute them, over the State authorities and State laws.
It is objected, however, that the act of Congress, incorporating the bank, withdraws property from taxation by the State, which would he otherwise liable to State taxation. We answer, that it is immaterial, if it does thus withdraw certain property from the grasp of State taxation, if Congress had authoriiy to establish the bank, since the power of Congress is

supreme. But, in fact, it withdraws nothing from the mass of taxable property in Maryland, which that State could tax. The whole capital of the bank be-
longing to private stockholders, is drawn from every State in' the Union, and the stock belonging to the United States, previously constitued a part of the public treasure. Neither the stock belonging to citizens of other States, nor the privileged treasure

OF THE UNITED STATES. '

397

of the United States mixed up.with this private pro- i819. perty, Were previously ·l'iable to taxation in Mary- m'Culloch land; and as to the stock belonging to its own citi- State,of,M.a., zens, itstill continues liable to State taxation, as a ryland.
portion of their individual property, in common with all the other private property in the State. The establishment of the bank, so far from withdrawing any thing from taxation by the State, brings something into Maryland which that State may tax. It produces revenue to the citizens of Maryland, which may be taxed equally and uniformly, with all their other private property. The maierials of which the ships of war, belonging to the United States, are constructed, were previously liable to State taxation. But the instant they are converted into public property, for the public defence, they cease to be subject to State taxation. So here the treasure of the United States, and that ,ofindividuals, citizens of Maryland, and of
other States, are undistinguishably confounded in the capital stock of this great national -institution, which, it has been before shown, could be made useful.as an instrument of finance, in no other mode
than by thus blending together the property of the government and of private merchants, This partnership is, therefore, one of necessity, on the part of the. United States. Either this tax operates upon the franchise of the bank, or upon its property. If upon the former, then it come directly in conflict with the
exercise of a great sovereign authority of Congress ; if upon the latter, then it is a .tax upon the property of the United States; since the law does not, and

398

CASES IN THE SUPRESIE COURT

isig.
·M'CulIloch
State Vof.Maryland.,

cannot, in imposing a stamp tax, distinguish their in-

terest from that of private stockholders.

,

But it is said, that -Congress possesses and exer-

cises the unlimited authority of taxing the State banks; and, therefore, the States ought to have an

equal right to tax the bank of the United States.

The answer to this objection is, that,. in taxing the

State banks, the States in Congress exercise their

power of taxatiori. Congress exercises the power of

the people. The, whole acts on the whole. But

the State tax is a part acting on the whole. Even

if the two cases were the same, it would rather ex-

empt the State banks from federal taxation, than sub-

ject the bank of the United States to taxation by a

particular State. But the State banks are not ma-

chines essential to execute the powers of the State

sovereignties, and, therefore, this is out of the ques-

tion. The people of the United States, and the so-

vereignties of the several States, have no control over

the taxing power of a particular State. But they

have a; control over the taxing power of the United

States, in the responsibility of the members of the

House of Representatives to the people of the State

which sends them, and of the senators to the legis-

lature by whom they are chosen. But there is no

correspondent responsibility of the local legislature

of Maryland, for example, to the people of the other

States of the Union. The people of other States are

not represented in the legislature of 'Maryland,. and

can have no control, directly or indirectly, over its proceedings. The legislature of Maryland is respon-

sible only. to the people of that State.. The nation-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

399

al government can withdraw nothing from the tax- 1819. ing power of the States, which is not for the pur- M'Culloch pose of national benefit and the common welfare, V.
and within its defined powers. But the local inte- StartyelaonfdM. arests of the States are in perpetual conflict with the interests of the Union; which shows the danger of adding power to the partial views and local prejudices of the States. If the tax imposed by this law be not a tax on the property'of the United States, it is not a tax on any property; and it must, consequently, be a tax on the faculty, or franchise. It is, then, a tax on the legislative faculty of the Union, on the charter of the bank. It imposes a stamp duty upon the notes of the bank, and thus stops the very source of its circulation and life. It is as much a
direct interference with the legislative faculty of Congress, as would be a tax on patents, or copy rights, or custom-house papers, orj udicial proceedings.
Since, then, the constitutional government of this republican empire cannot be practically enforced, so as to secure the permanent glory, safety, and felicity of this great country, but by a fair and liberal interpretation of its powers; since those powers could not all be expressed in the constitution, but many of them must be taken by implication; since the sovereign powers of the Union are supreme, and, wherever they come in. direct conflict and repugnancy with
those of the State governments, the latter must give way; since it has been proved that this is the case as to the institution of the bank, and the general power of taxation -by the States; since this power, unlimited and unchecked, as it necessarily must be, by the

400

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. very nature of the subject, is absolutely inconsistent
mCulloc, with, and repugnant to, the rightof the United States Stlae of Ma- to establish a national bank; if the power of taxation
rylan(. be applied to the corporate property, or franchise,
or property of the bank, and might be applied in the same manner, to destroy any other of the great institutions and establishments of the Union, and the whole machine of the national government might be arrested in its motions, by the exertion, in other cases, of the, same power which is here attempted to be exerted upon the bank: no other alternative remains, but for this Court to interpose its authority, and save thp nation from the consequences of this dangercus attempt.

Sfarch 7a. Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi-
nion of the Court. In the case now to be determined, the defendant,
a sovereign State, denies the obligation of a law enacted by the legislature of the Union, and the plaintiff, on his part, contests the validity of an act which has been passed by the legislature of that State. The constitution of ourcountry, in its most interesting and vital parts, is to be considered ; the conflicting powers of the government of the Union and of its members, as marked in that constitution, are to be discussed ; and an opinion given, Which may essentially influence the great operations of the government. No tribunal can approach such a question without a deep sense of its importance, and of the awful responsibility involved in its decision. But it must be decided peacefully, or remain a source of

OF THE UNITED STATES,

401

hostile legislation, perhaps of hostility of a still more 1810. erious nature; and if it is to be so decided, by this
tribunal alone can the decision be made. On'the StateVof.MaSupreme Court of the United States has the consti- ryland.

tution of our country devolved this important duty. The first question made in the cause is, has Con-
gress power to incorporate, a bank ? It has been truly said, that this can scarcely be c6ii-
sidered as an open question, entirely unprejudiced by the former proceedings of the nation respecting it. The principle now contested was introduced at

a very early period of our history, has been recognised by many successive legislatures, and has been acted upon by thejudicial department, in cases of pec'uliar delicacy, as a law of undoubted obligation,
It will not be denied, that a bold and. daring usurpation might be resisted, after an acquiescence still longer and more complete than this.' But it is con-.

ceived that a doubtful question, one on.which human reason may pause, and the human judgment be suspended, "inthe decision of whilch the great principles of liberty are not concerned, but the respective powers of those who are equally the representatives of the people, are to beiadjusted; if not put at rest by the practice of the government, ought to receive a considerable impression from that practice, An exposition of the constitution, 'deliberately established by legislative acts, on -the faith 'of which an iriimense property has been advanced, ought not to -be lightly disregarded.
'The power now contested was exercised by the first Congress ele -cted under the -present constitution.

VOL.' IV.

.61

402

. CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. The bill for incorporating the bank of the United

MMISCtualtleosch

did no"t steal upon an unsuspecting legislature,

V. and pass unobserved. Its principle was completely
Rtate of Ma-
ryland, understood, and was opposed with equal zeal and

ability. After being resisted, first ir. the fair and

open held of- debate, and afterwards in the execu-

tive cabinet, with as much persevering talent as any

measure. has ever experienced, and being supported

by arguments which convinced minds as pure and as

intelligent as this country qan boast, it became a

law. The original at was permitted to expire; but a

shortrexperience of tile embarrassments to which the

refusal to revive it exposed the 'government, con-

vinced those who were most prejudiced against the

measure of its necessity, and induced the passage of

the present law. It would require no ordinary share

of intrepidity to assert that a measure adopted under

these circumstances was.a. bold and plain usurpation,:

to which the constitution gave no countenance.

These observations belong to the cause ; but'they

are not made under the impression that, were the

question entirely new, the law would be found irre-

concilable with the constitution.

In discussing this question, the counsel for the

State of Maryland have deemed it, of some impor-

tance, in the construction of the constitution, to yon.-

sider that instrument not as emanating from the peo-'

pie, but as the act of sovereign and independent

States. The powers of the general government, it

has been said, are delegated by the States, Who alone

are truly sovereign;- and must be exercised in subor-

dination to the States, who alone possess supreme

dominion.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
It would be difficult to sustain this proposition. 119. The Convention which framed the constitution was
indeed elected by the State legislatures. But theSStateVof.Mainstrument, when it came from their hands, was a ryland. mere proposal, without obligation, or pretensions to it. It was reported to the then existing Congress of the United- States, with a request that it might "be submitted to a Convention of Delegates, chosen in each State by the people thereof, under the recomr mendation of its Legislature, for their assent and ratification." This mode of proceeding was adopted; and by the Convention, by Congress, and by the State Legislatures, the instrument was submitted to the people. They acted upon it in the only manner
in which they can act safely, effectively, and wisely, on such a subject, by assembling inConvention. It is true, they assembled in their several States-and where else should they have assembled ? No political dreamer was ever wild enough to think of breaking .down the lines which separate the States, and of compounding the American people into one common,. mass. Of consequence, when they act,: they act in their States. But the measures they adopt do not, on that account, cease to be the measures of the people themselves, or become the measures-of the State governments.
From these Conventions the constitution derives its whole authority. The government proceeds directly from the people; is" ordained and established" in the name of. the people and is declared to be ordained. "in order to form a more perfect union, establish j 4stice,,ensure domestic tranquillity, and secure

40A

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

19. the blessings of liberty to themselves and to their

m['CullochosPterity." The assent of the States, in their sove-

V.
ryland.

reign capacity, is implied in calling a Convention,
and thus submitting that instrument to the peol:le. But the people were at perfect liberty to accept or

reject it ;.and their act was final. It required not

the affirmance, and could not be negatived, by the

State. governments. The' constitution, when thus

adopted, was of complete obligation, and bound the

State sovereignties.

'Ihtas been. said, that the people had already sur-

rendered all their powers to the State sovereign ties, anl had nothing more to give. But, surely, the

question whether they may resume and modify the

powers granted to government does not remain to

be settled in this country. Much 'more might the

legitimacy of the general government be doubted,

had it been created by the States. The powers de-

legated to the State' sovereignties were to be exer-

cised by themselves, not by a distinct and independent

sovereignty, created by themselves. Torthe forma-

tion of a league, such as was the confederation, the

State sovereignties were certainly competent. But'

when, inorder to form -amore perfect union," it

was deemed necessary to change, this alliance into an effective government, possessing great and sove-

reign powers, and acting directly on -the people, th9 necessity of referring it to the people, and of deriving its powers directly from them, was felt and ac-

.Rnowledged by all. The government of the Union, then., (whatever/
may be the. influence of this fact on :the case,)'is,'

OF THE UNITED STATES.

405

emphatically, and truly, a government of the people, - 119.

In form and in substance it emanates from them. M'Culloch

Its powers are granted by them, and are to be ex- v.

ercised directly on them, and for their benefit.

State of Ma-

i4rlan&.

This government is acknowledged by all to be one

of enumerated powers. The principle, that it can

exercise only the powers granted to it, would seem too apparent to have required to be enforced by all those

arguments which its enlightened friends, while it was

depending before the people, found it necessary to

urge. That principle is now universally admitted.

But the question respecting the extent of the powers actually granted, is perpetually arising, and will pro-

bably continue to arise, as- long as .our system. shall

exist.

Indiscussing these questions, the con flictingpowers

of the general and State governments must be brought

into.vieVv, and the supremacy of their respective laws,

when they are in opposition, must be settled. If any one proposition could command the univer-

sal assent of mankind, we might expect it'vould be..

'this--,that the government of the Union, though

limited in its powers, is supreme within its sphere of

action. 'This would seem -to result, necessarily from

its nature. It is the government of all; its powers

are delegated by all; it represents all, and acts for

all. Though. any one State may be willing to con-,

trol its operations, no State is willing to allow others

to control them. The nation, on those, subjects on

,which it can act, must necessarily bind its component

parts. But this question is not left to mere reason:

-thepeople have, in express terms, decided it, by, say-

4 0

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. ing, "t ht is constitution, and the laws of the United culoch States, which shall be made in pursuance thereof," StateVof.Ma- "shall be the supreme law of the land," and by reryland- quiring that the members of the State legislatures,

and the officers of the executive and judicial depaicments of the States, shall take the oath of fidelity
to it. The government of .the United States, then,
though limited in its powers, is supreme; and its laws, when made in pursuance of the constitution, form the supreme law of the land, "1any thing in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary not-
withstanding." Among the enumerated powers, we do not find that
of establishing a bank or creating a corporation* But there is no phrase in the instrument which, like the articles of confederation, excludes incidental or
implied powers ;and which requires that every thing granted shall be expressly and minutely, described.. Even the 1Oth amendment, which was framed for
the purpose of quieting the excessive, jealousies which had been excited, omits the word "expressly," and declares only that the powers ".not delegated to the -United States, nor prohibited to the States, are reserved to the States or to the people ;" thus leaving the question, whether the..particular power which
may become the subject of 'contest has been. delegated to the one government, or prohibited to the other,. to depend on a fair construction, of the whole instrument. The men who drew and adopted this
amendment .had experienced the embarrassments re" suiting. from the insertion of this word in the articles

OF THE UNITED STATES.

407

.of confederation, and probably omitted it to avoid those embarrassments. A constitution, to contain an accurate detail of all the subdivisions of which its great powers will admit, and of all the means by which they may be carried. into execution, would partake of the prolixity of a legal code, and could scarcely be embraced by the human mind. It would probably never be understood by the public. its nature, therefore, requiresy thatonly its great outlines should be marked, its important objects designated, and the minor ingredients which compose those objects be deduced from the nature of the' objects themselves. That this.idea. was entertained. by the framers of the American constitution, is not only to be inferred from the nature of the instrument, but from the language. Why else. were some of the limita-* tions,. found in the. ninth spction of the 1st article, introduced? It is also, in some degree, warranted by their .having omitted to use any restrictive term which might prevenf its receiving a fair and just interpretation. In considering this question, then,"we must never forget, that it is a constitution we are ex-. pounding.
Although, among the enumerated powers of g6vernment, we do not find the, word"bank".'or" in·eorporati6n,", we find the, great powers to lay and collect taxes; to borrow -money; to regulate commerce ; to dedlare and conduct a war; and to raise and support armies and navies. The sword and the p se, all the externial, relations, and no inconsiderable portion, of the industry of the. nation, are enirusted to its government. Itcan n.ever :be pretended

3819.
v. - R-

408

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. that these vast powers draw after them others of inMICullochhferior importance, merely because they are inferior° State o.f MMa-WSuch an idea can never be advanced. But it may
rylnd. with great reason be contended, that a government, entrusted. with such ample powers, on the due execution of which the happiness and prosperity of the
nation so vitally depends, must also be entrusted with ample means for their execution. The power being given, it is the interest of the nation to facilitate its execution. It can never be their interest, and
cannot be presumed to have been their intention, to clog and embarrass its execution by withholding the most appropriate means. Throughout this vast republic, from the St. Croix to the Gulph of Mexico, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, revenue is to be collected and expended, armies are to be marched anti supported. The exigencies of the nation may require that the, treasure raised in the north should be tradsported to the south, that raised in the east conveyed to the west, or that this order should be reversed. Is that construction of the constitution to be preferred which would render these operations difloultbhazardous, and expensive? Can we adopt that construction, (unless the words imperiously requite iQ) which would imput'e to the framers of that in-
strument, when granting these powers for the public good, the intention of 'impeding their exercise by withholding a choice of means? If, indeed, such be the mandate of the constitution, we have only to obey; but that instrument does not profess to enumerate the means by which the powers it confers may be executed ; nor does it prohibit the creation of a corpo-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

409

ration, if the existence of such a being be essential 1819.

to the beneficial exercise of those powers. It is, M .

then, the subject of fair inquiry, how far such means

State of Ma-

may be employed.

rylaud.

It is not denied, that the powers given to the go-

vernment imply the ordinary means of execution.

That, for example, of raising revenue, and applying. it to national purposes, is admitted to imply the

power of conveying money from place to place, as

the exigencies of the nation may require, and of employing the usual means of conveyance. But it is

denied that the government has its choice of means;

or, that it may employ the most convenient means,

if, to employ them, it be necessary to erect a corpora-

tion.

On what foundation does this argument rest ? On

this alone: The power of creating a corporation, is

one appertaining to sovereignty, and is not express-

ly conferred on Congress. This is true. But all

legislative powers appertain to sovereignty. The

original power of giving the law on any subject What-

ever, is a sovereign power ; and if the government of

the Union is restrained from creating a corporation,

as a means for performing its functions, on the single

reason that the creation of a corporation is an act of

sovereignty; if the sufficiency of this reason be ac-

knowledged, there would be some difficulty in sus-

taining the authority of Congress to pass other laws

for the accomplishment of the same objects.

The government which has a right to do an act, and has imposed on it the duty of performing that

Act, must, according to the dictates of reason, be al-

VoL. IV.

52

410-

.CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

119t. lowed to select the means ; and those who contend *that it may not select any.appropriate means, that one
MCulloh ..
t fa particular mode of effecting the object is excepted, tiItf, take upo themselves the burden of establishing that

exception. The creation of a corporation, it is said, appertains
to sovereignty. This is admitted. But'to what portion of sovereignty, does, it appertain ? Does it belong to one more than to another ? In America, the. powers of sovereignty are .divided between vthe government of the Union, and those o('the States. They are each sovereign, with espect to the objects committed to it, ,and neither sovereign with respect -to the objects committed' to the other. We cannot comprehend, that train of reasoning which would maintain, that the extent of power granted ,by the people is to be ascertained, not by the nature and terms of the grant, but by its date . Some State constitutions were formed before, some since thatof the Ubited'States. We cannot believe that their re-
lation to each other is in any degree dependent upon this circumstance. .T.heir respective .powers must,
-we think, be Iprecisely the same as 'if they had been
formed at the same time.. Had: they been:formed at the same time, and had., the people conferred on the general government 'the,: power contained, in, the constitution, and on the States the whole- residuum of power, would it have been asserted that the government of the Union was not sovereign with .respect to those objects which were entrusted to it, inr.elation to whieh its' laws were declared to be supreme -Ifthis .could not. have been asserted ,we cantiot well comprehend the process of reasoning

OF THE UNITED STATES.
which maintains, that a power appertaining to sove- 1819. reignty cannot be connected with that vast portion of . MI'Culloch it which is granted to the general government, so'far v. as it is calculaatsed to subserve the legitimate objects StartyelaonfdM. aof that government. The power of creating a corporation, though appertaining to sovereignty, is not, like the power of making war, or levying taxes, or of regulating commerce, a great substantive and independent power, which cannot be implied as incidental to other powers, or. used as a means of executing them. It is never the end for which other powers are exercised, but a means by which other objects are accomplished. No contributions are made to charity for the sake of an incorporation, but a corporation is created to administer the charity; no seminary of learning is instituted in order to be incorporated, but the corporate character is conferred 'to subserve the purposes of education. No city was ever built with the sole object of being incorporated, but is incorporated as affording the best means of being well governed.e The power of creating a corporation is never used for its own sake, but for the purpose of effecting something else. No sufficient reason is, therefore, perceived, why it may not pass as incidental to those powers which are expressly given, if it be a direct mode of executing
them. Butthe. congtitution of the United States has.not
left the right of' Cogress to employ the necessary means, for tie execution of the powers conferred on the government, to general reasoning. To its enumeration' of powers is added that of making "all

412

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

h0a19. laws which shall be necessary and proper, for carry-

'.MM''C-.urllloo.ch" ing into execution the foregoing powers, and all

S.ta other
State of Ma-,

powers

vested by this constitution,

in

the gq-

ryland. vernment of the United States, or in any department

thereof."

The counsel for the State of Maryland have urged

various arguments, to prove that this clause, though

in terms a grant of power, is not so in effect; but is

really restrictive, of the general right, which might

otherwise be implied, of selecting means for execut-

ing the enumerated powers.

In support of this proposition, they have found it

necessary to contend, that this clause was inserted

for the purpose of conferring on Congress the power

of making laws. That, without it, doubts might be

entertained, whether Congress could exercise its pow-

ers in the form of legislation.

But could this be the object for which it was in-

serted ? A government-is created by the people,' hav-

ing legislative, executive, ane judicial powers. Its

legislative powers are vested in a Congress, which is

to consist of a Senate and Jlouse of Representatives.

Each house may determine the rule of its proceed-

ings; and it is declared that every bill which shall

*have passed both houses, shall, before it becomes a law,. be presented eto the President of the .United

States. The 7th section describes the course of pro-

ceedings, by which a bill shall become a law; and,

then,. the 8th sectionenumerates the powers of Con-

gress.. Could -it be necessary, to say, that a legisla-

ture should exercise legislative powers, in the shape

of-legislation? After allowing each. house to pre-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.4113

scribe its own course of proceeding, after describing 18i19. the manner in which ·.a bill should become a law·2 M'Cuiloch would it have entered into the mind of a single mem- State Vof.Maber of the Convention, that an express power to make rylad. laws was necessary to enable the legislature to make, them? That a legislature, endowed with legislative powers, can legislate, is a proposition too self-evident
to have been questioned. But the argument on which most reliance is
placed, is drawn from the peculiar language of this clause. Congress is not empowered by it to make all laws, Which may have relation to the powers conferred on the government, but such only as may be "necessary and propere" for carrying them into execution. The word "necessary," is considered as co,. trolling the whole sentence, arid as li .ing the right to pass laws for the execution of the granted powers,
to such as are indispeisable, and without which the power would be nugatory. That it excludes the choice of. means, and leaves to Congress, in each case, tht only which is most direct and simple.
Is it true, that this is the sense in which the word inecessary" is always used ? Does it always import
an absolute physical necessity, so strong, that one thing, to which another may be termed necessary, cannot exist without that other ? We think it does not. If reference be had to its use,'in the commona affairs of the world, or in approved authors, we find that it frequently imports nomore than. that one thing .is convenient, or useful, or essential to another. To
employ the means'necessary to an end, is generally understood as employing any means calculated to

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1812;. produce the end, and not as being confined to those MCUIloch single means, without which the end would be enStateVo0.fMa_ tirely unattainable.. Such is the character: of human ryland. language, that no word conveys to the mind, in all
situations, one single definite idea; and nothing is more common than to use words in a figurative sense. Almost all compositions contain words, which, taken in their rigorous sense, would convey a meaning different from that which is obviously intended. It is.essential to just construction, that many words which import something excessive, should be understood in a more mitigated sense-in that sense which common usage justifies. The word "necessary" is of this description. It has not a fixed character peculiar to itself. It admits of all degrees of comparison; and is often connected with other words, which increase or diminish the impression the, mind receives of the urgency it imports. A thing may be necessary, very necessary, absolutely or indispensably ne'cessary. To no mind would the same idea be conveyed, by these several phrases. This comment on the word is well illustrated, by the passage cited- at the bar, from the 1Oth! section of the 1st article of the
constitution. It is, we think, impossible to compare the'sentence which prohibits a Stae from, laying "imposts, or duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws," with that which authorizes Coinigress "to make all laws which shall be necessary anad proper for carrying into execution" the powers of the general government, without feeling, a conviction. that the convention understood itself. to change ma-

OF, THE UNITED STATES.

.41.5

terially the meaning of the word "necessary'" by prefixing the word " absolutely." . This word, then, M'Culloo~h like others, is used in various senses; and, in its V.
State of M.-
construction, the subject, the context, the intention ryland. of the person using them, are all to be taken into view.
Let this be done in the case under -consideration.
The s.u1ject is the execution of those great powers oil which the welfare of a hation essentially depends. It must have been the intention of those who gave these powers, to insure, as far as human prudence could insure, their beneficial execution. This could ntt be done by confiding the choice of means to such narrow limits as not to leave it in the power of Congress to adopt any which might be. appropriate, and which were conducive to the end. This provision is made in a constitution intended to endure for' ages, to come, and,'consequently, to be adapted to' the va-
rious crises of human affairs. To have prescribed the means by which government should, in all future time, execute its powers, would have been to change, entirely, the character of the instrument, and give it the properties of a legal code. It would have been an unwise attempt to provide, by immutable-rules, for exigencies which,. if foreseen at all, must have been seen dimly, and which can be best provided'for as they occur. To have declared'that the best, means shall not be used, but those alone without Which -the power given would be nugatory, would have been to deprive the legislature of the capacity to avail itself of experience, to exercise its reason, and to accommodate its legislation to circum-

416

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. stances. If we apply this principle, of construction
ICuulloch to any of the powersof the governhlent, we shall V. find it so pernicious in its operation that we shall be
State of Ma-
ryland. compelled to discard it. The powers vested in Congress may certainly be carried into execution, without prescribing an oath of office. The power to exact this security for the faithful performance of duty, is not given, nor is it indispensably necessary. The different departments may be established ; taxes maybe imposed and collected; armies and navies may be raised and maintained ; and money may be borrowed, without requiring, an oath of office. It might be argued, with as much plausibility as other incidental powers have been assailed, that the Convention was not unmindful of this subject. The oath, which might be exacted-that of fidelity to the constitution-is prescribed, and no other can be re, quired. Yet, he, would be charged with insanity who should contend, that the legislature might not -superadd, to the oath directed by the constitution, such, other .oath of office as its wisdom might suggest'. So; with respect to the whole penal code of the United States :.whence arises 'the. power to punish in cases not prescribed by theconstitution ? All admit that ,the goverment may, legitimately, punish any violation of its laws; and'yet, this is not among the enumerated, powers of Congress. The right to
enforce the. observance.of law, by punishing itsinfraction, might be denied with. the more plausibility, becau.se iti.s expressly given in.. some cases,. Congress is empowered "to provide for the punishment

OF THE UNITED STATES.'

of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of 1819 the United States,".and " to define and punish pira- M'Culloc -.cies and felonies committed on the high seas, and V.
State of Ma-
offences against the law of nations." The several ryland.. powers of Congress may exist, in a very imperfect state to be sure, but they may exist and be carried into execution, although no punishment should be inflicted in cases where the right to punish is not expressly given.
Take, for example, the power "to establish post offices and post roads." This power is executed by the single act of naking the establishment. But, from this has been hWferred the power and duty of carrying the mail along the post road, froim one post office to another. And, from this implied power, has again been inferred the right to punith those who steal letters from the post office, or rob the mail. It may be said, with some plausibility, that the right to carry the mail, and to punish those who rob it, is not indispensably necessary to the establishment of a post office and post road. This right is indeed essential to the beneficial exercise of the power, but not indispensably necessary to its existence. So, of the punishment of the crimes of stealing or falsifying a record or process of a Court of the United States, or of perjury in such Court. To punish these offences is certainly conducive to the due administration of justice. But courts may exist, and may decide the causes brought before them, though such crimes escape punishment.
The baneful influence of this narrow construction on all the operations of the government, and the ab-

VOL. IV.

53

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1819. solute impracticability of maintaining it without reu-
M'Cllooh dering the government incompetent to its great obStateVof.Ma- .jects, mi,ight be illu.s.trat.ed by numerous Iexamples
ryolMja. ran from the constitution, and from our laws. The
good sense of the public has pronounced, without hesitation, that the power of punishment appertains to sovereignty, and may be exercised whenever the sovereign has a right to act, as incidental, to his constitutional powers. It is a means for carrying into execution all sovereign powers, and may be used, although not indispensably necessary. It is a right incidental to the power, and conducive to its -beneficial exercise.
If this limited construction of the word "necessary" must be abandoned in order to punish, whence is derived the rule which would reinstatejt, when the government would carry its powers into execution by means not vindictive in their nature? If the word " necessary" means " needful," " requisite," " essential," " conducive to," in order to let in the power of punishment for the infraction of law; why is it not equally comprehensive when required to au-. thorize the use of means which facilitate the execution of the powers of government without the infliction of punishment ?"
In ascertaining the'sense in which the word "necessary" is used in this clause of the constitution, we may derive some aid from that with which it is associated. Congress shall have power "to make all: laws which shall be necessary and proper to carry into 'execution" the powers of the governinent.. If the word "necessary" was used in that strict and rigorous sense for which the Counsel for the State of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

411-9

Maryland contend,-it would be an extraordinary de- 1819. parture from the usual course of the human mind, as MICulloeh, exhibited in composition, to add! a-word, the only . v. possible effect of which is to qualify that strict and Stateofarigorous meaning; to present to the mind the idea of some choice. of means of legislation not straitened and compressed within the narrow limits for which gentlemen contend.
But the argument which most conclusively demonstrates the error of the construction contended for by the counsel for the State of Maryland, is founded on the intention of the Convention, as manifested in the whole clause. To waste time and argument in proving that, without it, Congress might carry its powers into execution, would be not much less idle than to hold a lighted taper to the sun. As little can it be required to prove, that in the absence of this clause, Congress would have some choice of
-means. That it might employ those which, in its judgment, would most advantageously effect the object to be accomplished. That any means adapted to the efid, any means which tended directly to the execution of the constitutional powers of the government, were in themselves Constitutional. This clause, as' construed by the State of Maryland, would abridge, and almost annihilate this useful and necessary right of the6 legislature to select its means. That this could not be intended, is, we should 'think, had it not been already controverted, too apparent for controversy. We think so for the following reasons :
Ist. The clause is placed among the powers of Congress, not aniong the limitations on those powers,

420

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
m'Culloch
.V.
tryland.

2nd. Its terms purport to enlarge, not to diminish the powers vested in the government. It purports to be an additional power, not a restriction on those al-ready granted. No reason has been, or can be assigned for thus concealing an intention to narrow the discretion of the national. legislature under words which purport to enlarge it. The framers of the constitution wished its adoption, and well knew that it would be endangered by its strength, not by its weakness. Had they been capable of using language which would convey to the eye one idea, and,' after deep reflection, impress on the mind another, they would rather have disguised the grant of power, than its limitation. If, then, their intention had been, by this clause, to restrain tile free use of means which might otherwise have been implied, that intention would have been inserted in another place, and would have been expressed in terms resembling these. "In carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all others," &c. " no laws shall be passed but such as are necessary and proper." Had the intention been
to make this clause restrictive, it would unquestionably have been so in form as well as in effect.
The result of the most careful and attentive consideration bestowed upon this clause is, that if it does not enlarge, it cannot be' construed to restrain the powers of Congress, or to impair the right of the legislature to exercise its best judgment in the selection of measures to carry into execution the constitutional powers of the government. If no other motive for its insertion can be suggested, a sufficient one
is found in the desire to remove all doubts respecting

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the right to legislate on that vast mass of incidental 1819.

powers which must be involved in the constitution,

if that instrument be not a splendid bauble.

VM.Cilioch

We admit, as all must admit, that the powers of State of Ma-

rylanD.

the government are limited, -andthat its limits are not

to be transcended. But we-think the sound con-

struction of the constitution must allow-to the na-

tional legislature that discretion, with respectto the

means by which the powers it confers are to be car-

ried into execution, which will enable that body to

perform the high duties assigned to it, in the man-

ner most beneficial to the people. "Let the end be

leoitimate, let it be within the scope of the consti-

tution, and all means which are appropriate, which

are plainly adapted to that end, which are not pro-

hibited, but consist with the letter and spirit of the

constitution, are constitutional.

'rhat a corporation must be considered as a means

not less usual, not of higher dignity, not more re-

quiring a particular specification than other means,

has been sufficiently proved. Ifwe look to the-

origin of corporations, to the manner in which they

have been framed in that government from which

we have derived most of our legal principles, and

ideas, or to the uses to which they have been ap-.

plied, we find no reason to suppose that a constitu-

tion, omitting, and wisely omitting,' to enumerate

all the means for carrying into execution the great

powers vested in government, ought to have spe-

cified this. Had it been intended to grant this

power as one which should be distinct and inde-

pendent, to be exercised in any case whatever, it

422

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

Ja19. would have found a place among the enumerated VuV'.,,' powers of the government. But being considered
MV'Culloch
V merely as a means, to be employed only for the pur-
State of Ma-
ryland. pose of carrying into execution the given powers, there could be, no motive for particularly mentioning it. The propriety of this remark would seem to be
generally acknowledged by the universal acquiescence in the construction which has. been uniformly put on the Srd section of the 4th article of the coustitution. The power to "make' all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States," is not more comprehensive, than the power "to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution" the powers of the government. Yet all admit the constitutionality of a territorial govern-
ment, which is a corporate body. If a corporation may be employed indiscriminately
with other means to carry into execution the powers of the government, no particular reason can be assigned for excluding the use of a bank, if required for its fiscal operations. To use one, must be within -the discretion of Congress, if it be an appropriate mode, of executing the powers of government. That it is a convenient, a useful, and essential instrument in the prosecution of its fiscal operations, is not now a subject of controversy. All those who have been concerned in the administration of our finances, have concurred in representing its importance and necessity; and so strongly have they been felt, that statesmen of the first class, whose previous opinions

OF THE. UNITED STATES.

2*23.

ngainst it had been confirmed by every circumstance '1819.

which can fix the human judgbm..ent, havee' yi.elded MM,'CCvu.1loch,

those opinions to the exigencies of the nation. Un- St.atevp.f Ma.-

der the confederation, Congress justifying the. mea-S rSla .

sure by its necessity, transcended perhaps its powers,

to obtain the. advantage of a bank ; and our own le-

gislation attests the universal convictifn of the utility..

of this measure. The time has passed away when

it can be necessary to enter. into. any, discussion in

order to prove the importance of this instrument, as a

means to effect the legitimate objects of the govern-

merit.

.,

But, were its necessity less apparent, none can denr its being an appropriate measure; and if it is, the degree of its nec..essity, as has been very justly observedlis to 'be discussed in another place., Shoild Congress, in the execution of it' powers, adopt measures which are proh ibifed by the constitution; or should Congress, under the pretext of executing its powers, pass laws for the accomplishment of objects not entrusted to the government.; .it would become the painful duty of this tribunal, should a case requiring, such a decision .como before it, to say that' such an act was not the law of the land. But where the law is not prohibited, and is really calculated to effect any of the objects entrusted to the government, to undertake here to inquire intG the degree of its necessity, would be to pass the line which'circumscribes the judicial department, and to tread on legislative ground. This court disclaims all prkten-:
sions to such a Dower.

424

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
MM'tCoulloch
State Vof.Maiyland.

After this declaration, it can scarcely be necessary
say, that the existence of State banks can have no possible' influence on the question. No trace is to be found in the constitution of an intention to create a dependence of the government of the Union on those of the States, for the execution of the great powers assigned to it. Its means are adequate to its ends and on those means alone was it expected to rely for the accomplishment of its ends. To impose on it th6 necessity of resorting to means which it cannot control, which another government niay furnish or withhold, would render its course precarious, the result of its measures uncertain,. and create a dependence on other governments, which might disappoint its most important designs, and is incompatible with the language of the constitution. But were it otherwise, the choice of means implies a right to choose a national bank in preference to State banks, and Congress alone can make the election.
After the most deliberate consideration, it is the unanimous and decided opinion of this Court, that the act to incorporate the Bank of the United States is a law made in pursuance of the constitution, and is a part of the supreme law of the land.
The branches, proceeding from the'same stock, and being conducive to the complete accomplishment of the object, are equally constitutional. It would have been unwise to locate them in the charter, and it would be unnecessarily inconvenient to employ the legislative power in making those subordinate arrangements. The great duties of the bank are prescribed;
those duties require branches; and the bank itself

OF THE UNITED STATES.

4253

may, we think, be safely trusted with the selection 1s19. of places where those branches shall be fixed; re- -*IO serving always to the government the right to require St.
Saeof Ma-
that a branch shall be located where it may be ryland. deemed necessary.
It being the opinion of the Court, that the act in-
corporating the bank is constitutional ; and that the. power of establishing a branch in the State of Maryland might be properly exercised by the bank itself,, we proceed to inquire-
2. Whether the State of Maryland may, without violating the constitution, tax that branch ?
That the power of taxation is one of vital importance ; that it is retained by the States ; that it is not abridged by the grant of a similar power to the government of the Union ; that it is to be concuriently exercised by the two governments : are truths which have never been denied. But, such is the paramount character of the constitution, that its capacity to withdraw any subject from the action of even this power, is admitted. The States are expressly -forbidden to lay any duties on imports or exports, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing their inspection laws. If the obligation of this prohibition must be conceded-if it may restrain a State from the exercise of its taxing power on imports and exports; the same paramount character would seem' to restrain, as it certainly may, restrain, a State from such other exercise of this power, as is in its nature incompatible with, and repugnant to, the constitutional laws of the Union. A law, absolutely repugnant to another, as entirely

VOL. IV.

54

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT

1810. repeals that other as if express terms.of repeal were

Sused.

.M'CuIochOn this ground the counsel for the bank place its

State ocMa-
ryland...

claim to be exempted

from

the

power of a'Stat,e .to

tax its operations. There is.no express provision for the case, but the claim has been sustained on a principle which so entirely pervades the constitution, is so intermixed with the materials which compose it, so interwoven with its web, so blended. with its texture, as to be incapable of being separated from it, without rending it into shreds.
This great principle is, that the constitution and the laws made ii pursuance thereof are supreme ; ,that they control the constitution and laws of the respective States, and cannot be controlled by them. From this, which may be almost termed an axiom, -other propositions are deduced as corollaries, on the -truth or error of which., and on their application to.'this' case, the cause has been supposed to de-. -pend. These are, 1st. that a power to create im.plies -a power to preserve. 2nd. That a power to
.destroy, if wielded by a different hand, is hostile -to, and incompatible with these powers to create and

to preserve. 3d. That where this repugnancy exists, that' authority which is supreme must 'control, not yield to that over which it is supreme.

These.propositions, as abstract truths, would, per-' .:haps,- never be controverted. " Their. application to this'case,' however, has been denied; and, both in maihtaining the affirmative and the negative, a splendoi of eloquence, and strength. of argument, sel-. ,dom, if ever, surpassed, have been displayed.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

427

The power of Congress to create, and of course 1819.

to continue, the bank, was the subject of the pre- .M'Culloch

ceding part

of this opinion;

and

is

no

longer

to be

V.
State of Ma-'

considered as questionable.

ryland.

That the power of taxing it by the States may be

exercised so as to destroy it, is too obvious to be de-

nied. But taxation is said to be an absolute power,

which acknowledges no other limits than those ex-

pressly prescribed in the constitution, and like so-

vereign power of every other description, is trusted

to the discretion of those who use it. But the very

terms of this argument admit that the sovereignty of

the State, in the article of taxation itself, is subor-

dinate to, and may be controlled by the constitution 9f

the United States. How far it has been controlled

by that instrument must be a question of construc-

tion. In making this construction, no principle not

declared, can be admissable, which would defeat

the legitimate operations df a supreme government.

It is of the very essence of supremacy to remove all

obstacles to its action within its own sphere, and so

to modify every power vested in subordinate govern-

ments, as to exempt its own operations from their

own influence. This effect need not be stated in

terms. It is so involved in the declaration of supre-

macy, so necessarily implied in it, that the expres-

sion of it could not make it more certain. We must,

therefore, keep it in view while, construing the con-

stitution.

The argument on the part of the State of Mary-

land, is, not that the States may directly resist a

law of Congress,. but that .they may exercise their

428

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. MM'Culloch
V.
ryland.

acknowledged powers upon it, and that the constitution leaves them this right in the confidence that they will not abuse it.
Before we proceed to examine this argument, and to subject it to the test of the constitution, we must be permitted to bestow a few considerations on the nature and extent of this original right- of taxation, which is acknowledged to remain with the States. It is admitted that the power of taxing the people and their property is essential to the very existence of government, and may be legitimately exercised on the objects to which it is applicable, to the utmost extent to which the government may chuse to carry it. The only security against the abuse of this power, is found in the structure of the government itself, In imposing a tax the legislature acts upon its constituents. This is in general a sufficient se-
curity against erroneous and oppressive taxation. The people of a State, therefore, give to their go-
vernment a right of taxing themselves and their property, and as the exigencies of government cannot be limited, they prescribe no limits to the exercise of this right, resting confidently on tha interest of the legislator, and on the influence of the constituents over their representative, to guard them against its abuse. But the means employed by the government of the Union have no such security, nor is the right of a State to tax them sustained by the same theory. Those means are not given by the people of a particular State, not given by the constituents of the legislature, which claim the right to tax them, but by the people of all the States. They are given by all,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

429

for the benefit of all-and upon theory, should be 1819.

.subjected to.that gove"rnment only which belongs MICu1loch

to all.

V.

It may be objected to this definition, that the power StartyelaonfdM. a

of taxation is not confined to the people and property

of a State. It may be exercised upon every ob-

ject brought within its jurisdiction.

This is true. But to what source do we trace this

right? It is obvious, that it is an incident-of sove-

reignty, and is co-extensive with that to which it is

an incident. All subjects over which the sovereign

power of a State extends, are objects of taxation;

but those over which it does not extend, are, upon

the soundest principles, exempt from taxation. This

proposition may almost be pronounced self-evident.

The sovereignty of a State extends to every thing

which exists by its own authority, or is introduced

by its permission; but does it extend to those means

which are employed by Congress to carry into exe-

cution powers conferred on that body by the people

of the United States ? We think it demonstrable

that it does not. 'Those powers are notgiven by the

people of a single State. They are given by the.

people of the United States, to a government whose

laws, made in pursuance of the constitution, are de-

clared to be supreme. 'Consequently, the people of

a single State cannot confer a sovereignty which will

extend over them.

If we measure the power of taxation residing in

a State, by the extent of sovereignty which the peo-

ple of a single State possess, and can confer on its

government,. we have an intelligible standard, appli-

430

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819. cable to every case to which the power may be ap-

MS.Culoloch polfietda.xinWg tehehave a principle which leaves the power

State of Ma-

people and property of a $tate unim-

ryland.

paired; which leaves to a State the command of all its resources, and which places beyond its reach, all those powers which are Conferred by the people of the United States on the government of the Union, and all those means which are given for the purpose of carrying those powers into execution. We have a principle which is safe for the States, and safe for the Union. We .are relieved, as we ought to be, from clashing sovereignty ; from interfering powers ;

from a repugnancy between a right in one government to pull down what there is an acknowledged right in

another to build up ; from the incompatibility of a

right in one government to destroy what there is a right in another to preserve. We are not driven to the perplexing inquiry, so unfit for the-judicial, de-

partment, what degree of taxation is the legitimate use, and. what degree may amount to the abuse of the power. The attempt to use-it on the means employed by the government of the Union, in pursu-

ance, of the constitution, is itself an abuse, because it

is the. usurpation of a power which the people of a single State cannot give.
We find) then, on just theory, a total failure of this

original right to tax the means employed by the go-

vernment of the Union, for the execution of its pow-

ers. The right never existed, and.the question whe-

ther it has been surrendered, cannot arise. But, waiving this theory for the present, letus re'-

sume the inquiry, whether this Power can be exercised

OF THE UNITED STATES.

431

by the, respective States, consistently with a fair con- msg.

struction of the constitution ? ·

M'Culloch

That the"power to tax involves the power to de- V.
State of Ma-
stroy ; that the power to destroy may defeat and ren- ryland.

der useless the power to create ; that there is a plain

repugnance, in conferring on one government a pow-

er to control the constitutional measures of another,

which other, with respect to those very measures, is

declared to be supreme over that which exerts the

control, are propositions not to be denied. But all

inconsistencies are to be reconciled by the magic of

the word CONFIDENCE. Taxation, it is said, does

not necessarily and unavoidably destroy. To carry it

to the excess of destruction would be an abuse, to pre-

sume which, would banish that confidence which'is

essential to all government.

But is this a case of confidence? Would the

people of. any one State trust those of another

with a power . to control the most insignificant

operations of their State government,? We know

they would not. Why, then, should' we suppose

that the people of any one State should be wil-

ling to trust those of another with a power to control

the operations of a government to which they have

confided their most important and most valuable in-

terests ? In the legislature of the Union alone, are all

represented. The legislature of the Union alone,

therefore, can be trusted by the people with thepow-

er of controlling measures which concern all, in .the

confidence that it will not be abuseid. This, then, is

not,a case of confidence, and we must consider it as

it really is,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.

If We apply the principle for which the State of

MMIC'u1loch ' Maryland contends, to the constitution generally, we StateVof.Ma- sh-all find it capable of chang_ing totally the character
ryland. of that instrument. We shall find it capable of arresting all the measures of the government, and of

prostrating it at the foot of the States. The Ameri-

can people have declared their constitution, and the

laws made in pursuance thereof, to be supreme ; but

this principle would transfer the supremacy, in fact,

to the States.

If the States may tax one instrument, employed by

the government in the execuion of its powers, they

may tax any and every Other instrument. They

may tax the mail; they may tax the mint; they may

tax patent rights; they may tax the papers of the

custom-house; they may tax judicial process; they

may tax all the means employed by the government,

to an excess which would defeat all the ends of go-

vernment.' This was not intended by the American

people. They did ,not design to make their govern-

ment dependent on the States.

Gentlemen say, they do not claim the right to

extend State taxation to these objects. They limit

their pretensions to property. Eut on what principle

is this distinction made ? Those who make it have

furnished no reason for it, and the principle for which

they contend denies it. They contend that the power

of taxation has no other limit than is found in the

10th section of the 1st article of the constitution;

that, with respect to every thing else- the power of

the States is supreme, and admits of no control. If

this be true, the distinction between property and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

other subjects to which the power of taxation is ap- 1819.
plicable, i3 merely arbitrary, and can never be sus- M.CuIoeh tained. This is not all. If the controling power of V.
State of Ma-
the States be established ; if their supremacy as to ryiaod. taxation be acknowledged; what is to restraiiq their exercising this control in any shape they may please to give it ? Their sovereignty is not confined to taxation. That is not the only mode in which it might be displayed. The question is, in truth, a question of supremacy'; and if the right of the States to tax the means employed by the general government be conceded, the.declaration that the constituti6n, and the laws made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme law of the land, is empty and unmeaning, declamation.
In the course of the argument, the Federalist has been quoted ; and the opinions expressed by the authors of that work have been justly'supposed to be entitled to great respect in' expounding the constitution. No tribute can be paid to them which exceeds their merit; but in applying their opinions to the cases which may arise in the progress of our government, a right to judge of their correctness must be retained; and, to understand the argument, we must examine the proposition it maintains, and the o1jections against which it is directed. The subject of those numbers, from which passageg hrave been ci led,

is.the unlimited power of taxation ihich is vested in the general government. The objection to this Un-
limited power, which the argumentseek -to remove, is stated with fullness and clearness. It is, " that an indefinite power, of taxation in the latter'(the go-

VOL. IV.

55

434

I CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i819. vernment of the Union),might, and probably would,
MM'GuUlcoinch t.i·me, deprive the former (the government of the
Va States) of the means of providing for their own neryland. cessities; and would subject them entirely to the
mercy of the national legislature. As the laws of the Union are to become the supreme law of the land;' as it is to have, power to pass all laws that may be necessary for'carrying into execution the authorities with which it is proposed to vest it; the national government might at any time abolish the taxes imposed for State objects, upon the pretence ofan interference with its own. It might allege a necessity for doing this, in order to give efficacy to the national revenues; and thus all the resources of taxation might, by degrees, become the subjects of.federal monopoly, to the entire exclusion and destruction of the State governments.")
The objections to-the constitution which are noticed int.hese numbers, were to the undefined power of the government to tax, not to the incidental privilege of exempting its .ownmeasures from State taxation, The consequences apprehended from this
undefined power were, that it would absorb all thLobjects of taxation) C to the exclusion and destruction of the State governments." The arguments of the Fede'alist are intended to prove'the fallacy Of these apprehensions; not to prove that the government was incapable of: executing any of its powers,. without exposing themeans :it employed to -the embarrassments of State taxation. Arguments, urged against these objections, and these apprehensions, .are to be understood as relating to the points they

OF THE UNITED STATES.
mean to prove. Had the authors of those excel- 1819. lent -essays been asked, whether they contended'" " for that. construction of the constitutioti, which StateVof.Mab would place within., the reach of the States those ryland. measures which the government might adopt for 'the execution of its powers; no .man, who has.. read their instructive pages, will hesitate to admit, that their answer must have been in the negative.
It has also been insisted, that, as the power of taxation in the general and State governments is ackndwledged to be concurrent, every argutnent which would sustain: the right of the general. government to tax banks chartered by the States, will. equdally sustain the right of the States to tax banks chartered by the general government.'
But the two cases are not on the same reason. The people of all the States have created 'the general government, and have conferred upon it the general power of taxation. The people of all the, States' and the States themselves, are represented in Congress, and,.by their representatives, exercise this power. When they tax the chartered institutions of, the. States, they, tax. their 'constituents and these taxes, must be' uniform. But, when a State taxes. the operations of. the government of the United States, it acts uponinstitutions 'created, not' by their own 'constituents, but by people over whom they claim no 'control. 'It acts upon the measures.of a government created by others as, well as themselves, dr. the benefit of others in common with themselves. The difference is that.which 'always exists, and always
t- exist, between the .action .of the whole, on a

4,56

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1819.
m'Culloch,
State vof. Ma-
ryland.,

part, and the action of a part on the whole-between the laws of a government declared 'o be supreme, and those of a government which, when in
opposition to those laws, is not supreme. But if the full application of this argument could
be admitted, it might bring into ques.ion the right of Congress to tax the State banks, and could nor prove the right of the States to tax the Bank of the United States.
The Court has bestowed on this subject its most
deliberate consideration. The result is a conviction ihat the, States have no power, by taxation or otherwise, to retard, impede,, burden, or in any manner control, the operations of the constitutional laws enacted by Congress to carry into execution the powers vested in the general government. This is,
.we think, the unavoidable consequence of that supremacy which the constitution has declared.
We are unanimously of opinion, that the law passed by the legislature of Maryland, imposing a tax on the Bank of the United States, is .unconstitu·tional and void.
This opinion' does not deprive the States of any resources which they originally possessed. It does not. extend to a tax paid by the real prop'erty of the bank, in common with the other real property within the State, nor to a tax imposed on the interest which the citizens of Maryland may hold in this institution, in, common with other property of the same description throughout the State. But this is a tax on the operations of the bank, and is, consequently, a tax on. the operation of an .instrument employed by the go-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

437

vernment of the Union to carry its powers into exe- 1819.

cution. Such a tax must be unconstitutional.

MICulloch

V.
.JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on State of Mathe transcript of the record of the Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland, and was argued by coun*sel. . On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that the Act of the Legislature of Maryland is contrary to the Constitution of the United States, and void ; and, therefore, that the said Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland erred in affirming the judgment of the Baltimore County Court, in which judgment was rendered against James W. M'Culloch ; but that the said Court of Appeals of Maryland ought to have reversed the said judgment of the said Baltimore County Court , and ought to have given judgment for the said appellant, M'Cul-

loch. It is, therefore, Adjudged and Ordered, that the said judgment of the said Court of Appeals of the State of Maryland in this case, be, and-the same bereby is, reversed and annulled. And this Court, proceeding to render such judgment as the said

Court of Appeals should have rendered; if is. further Adjudged and Ordered, that the judgment of the, said Baltimore County Court be reversed and annulled, and that judgment be entered in the said Baltimore County Court for the said ..James ,

M'l'Culloch.-

