OF THE UNITED STATES.
(L ooAzLAw.) PoiL s LESSEE v. WENDELL et al.

1820;
Polk's Leos
see
V.
Wendell.

There are cases in which a grant is absolutely void; as where the State has no title to the thing granted, or where the officer had no authority to issue the grant, c: In such cases, the validity of the grant is necessarily examinable at law.
A grant raises a presumption that every prerequisite to its issuing was coibplied with, and a warrant is evidence of the existence of an entry; but where the entry has never in fact been made, and the warrant is forged, zo right accrues under the act of North Carolina of 1777, and the g.ant is void.
Where a party, in order to prove that there were no entries to authorize the issuing of the warrants, offered to give in evidence certified copies of warrants from the same office, of the same dates and numbers, but to different persons, and for different quantities of lands: Held, that this was competent evidence to' prove the positive fact of the existence of the entrios specified in the copies; but tlat in order to have a negative 'effect in disproving the entries alleged to be spurious, the whole abstract ought to.be produced in Court, orinspected under 'acommission, or the keeper of the document examined as a witness, from vhio' the Court might ascertain the fact of the'nonexistence of the contested entries.
In such a casq certificates from the Secretary's office of North Caro-
lina, introduced to prove that on the entries of the same dates with those alleged to be spurious, other warrants issued, and other grants were obtained in the name of various individuals, brit none to the party claiming under the alleged spurious entries, is competent circum.stantial eyvdence to be left to the jury. In such a case, parol evidenee, that the warrants and locations had been rejected by the
entry-taker as spurious, is inadmissible. It sems, that, whether a grant be absolutely void, or voidable only, a
junior grantee is not, by the law of Tennessee, permitted to avail himself of its nullity as against an innocent purchaser without no-. tice.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Wdst Tennessee. This was an action of ejectment, for five thousaRd

294

2ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Polk's Lessee
V.
Wendell.

acres of land, in the State of Tennessee, granted by the Governor of North Carolina, to Polk, the lessor of the plaintif on the 6th of May, 1800, on a warrant
from John Armstrong's office, dated May 25th, 1784. The defendants, who were proved to be in possession of part of this tract, claimed title under a grant from the Governor of North Carolina to John Seveir, for twenty-five thousand and sixty acres, bearing date on the 28th of August, 1795. This grant appears by the annexed certificate of survey to be founded on forty land warrants of six hundred and forty acres each, numbered from 1634 to 1676, and surveyed in one entire tract. The land in dispute was proved to lie within the lines of Seveir's grant. The plaintiff having proved that John Carter was entry-taker of Washington county until February 28th, 1780, and that Landon Carter was then appointed, offered in evidence an office copy of an abstract (marked K. in the transcript) of the warrants, on which Seveir's survey and grant were founded ; the original book of entries being destroyed. From this copy it appeared, that all the warrants were issued from the Washington county office, in April or May, 1780, to the surveyor of Sullivan county, and purported to be founded on entries which bore date on tile 16th of September, 1779. They were all signed "Landon Carter, Entry-taker." He also produced, and offered to give in evidence,
office copies of warrants from the same office, (marked H. and L. in the transcript,) of the same dates and numbers, but to different persons, and for different quantities of land. These warrants ap-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

peared to be issued by John Carter; and were of- 18-o.

fered, 'like Seveir's warrants, for the purpose of Polk's Lesshowing that .the latter were spurious, and, conse- see

quentlyi that Seveir's grant was void. The plaintiff Wvdell. also offered in evidence a grant to Seveir for 32,000

acres, dated. 27th of November, 1795, which pur-

ported to be founded on thirty-six warrants, all of

them except the two first on alleged entries, dated

on the same 16th Of September, 1779. He als6 of-

-fered to prove, that the two first warrants had been

^satisfied by prior grants, and in respect to the others,

.that warrants for the same numbers issued .to other

pdrsonsand were recognised in the abstract of Carter's

entry book, but noneof.Sev.eir's, The plaintiff also

offered to prove, .that the warrants and locations of

.Seveir. had been insinuated, in 1794 or 1795, into

. the entry taker's office without his knowledge; that

they were rejected by the entry-taker as spurious.;

and that the locations were in Seyeir's hand-writing.

The plaintiff also offered to give in evidence a report

to the legislature of Tennessee,. of November 8th,

1803, declaring all Seveir's warrants to be fraudulent

fabrications. All this testimony was overruled and

-rejected by the Court, to which the plaintiff except-

ed. A verdict*was taken, and'judgment rendered for

-the defendants, anid the cause was brought by writ of

. error to this Court.

Mr. Harper,and Mr. .Gaston, for the plaintiff, ar-

1Tagt. rcf

*gued, 1. That it was competent for the plaintiff to

.show, that no entries had been made in the land of-

fice of North Carolina, and that, therefore, the Go-

vernor had no.power to issue the grant. *The act

of 1777, e. 1. s. 3. makes the entry the first esmenfiat

djASES -IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
2Pos-
see
V.
Wendell.

and indispensable .requisite to obtaining ti"dae4t va-
cant land. The bth section points out the .differnmce -between location, .entry, and -warrant. The ealmies
are the foundatiorn:of the claim, and are all to'be numbered in the order in which they are-made. The 9th section declares .every right obtained in any other manner, 4"utterly void." This seotion follows the -directions in regard to :the entry, and :makes a valid entry the one 1hing needful. In the -construetion of this statute, it.has ,been setfed inthe~ours of North Carlina,thatno legaltitle ,is created -until -the grant; and that theiekder grantt :hough founded on a junior -entry, is,.at law,:to be prefered toa .junior-grant on -an elder. title ; -that an equitable inte-
rest is.acquired 'by the first entry,-,which-is -to- be en-forced as other iequitable 4ites are-enforced. -It is also setled,-that when a -gtant 'issues; -it :furnishes stfufieient ptimafacie.eidence,.that all. the -piereqnisites -6f the law -have been. etimplied 'with.; and ,that it cannot ,be-avoided by showing -irregtlariti'es in the -conduct -of the officers who -superintendedthe pro-gress of the claim :from -the-entry to thegrant. There have been loose .dieta,'unsatisfactory and -inconclasime -reasonings, from whieh.other inferences ,hnge -been drawn: But -itis-denied, that it ever was law in North Carolina, ,that a -grant should :be-good if- it could be clearly shown that it was-not.fotded on an entry, hut was wholly 'fraudul eat. -It.would have been impossible to pronounce such a decision without a violation of the plain, strong words ofthe 9th section of the act, " shall :be deem4 ,.and -are hereby declared utterly void." Such a decision too,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

297

would have beln inconsistent with the first princi- 1s2o. ple's or the common lah,, fraud being the object of Poik's Lesits peculiar abhorrence, and contaminating every see act.a Courts of common law have a concurrent Wendell. jurisdiction with Courts of Equity, in all cases of frauds.b It is' impossible that a grant, begun and ended inf"raud, where there has been no claim entered, nor purchase made from the State, should be valid.- If, however, a doubt could exist in the case
of a grant issuing before the year 1789, assuredly -nonecan be entertained on a grant made by the governor of North Carolina since the cession of the 'territory, which now forms the State of Tennessee, -tothe United States. By the act of cession, the sd-vereignty and domain are relinquished by North Carolina, and a mere ministerial power is reserved to the -Governor of that State to perfect grants, "where entries have been made agreeably to law, and the titles not -perfected." The State has no longer authority to dispose of the lands. She is no longer their proprietor. The Governor has a mere flaked power, unconnected with an interest, to make grants where entries have been previously made. A grant issued where no entry has been made, is an act wholly unsupported by the power, and cannot possibly transfer at interest. The whole question has, in fact, been already settled by the reasoning and decision of this
Court, when this case was formerly before it.c

a Fermor's case, 3 Co. Rep. 77.

b 3 Bl. Com. 431. Bates v. Graves, 2 Fes.jun. 295.

jun. 283. Arthur Legat's case, 10 Co. Rep. 109.

c 9 Cranch, 87.

VoL V

t88

8 V'es.

298

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

.. ...s,2..ob. w 2. The evidence offered by the plaintiff was proper Polk's Les- in itself, and relevant to show, that no entries had
se. been made, prior to the cession, authorizing the Go-
Wendell. vernor of North Carolina to make a grant to Sevier.
The best evidence was offered of the pretended warrant on which his grant was founded, and, also, to show, that other warrants existed of precisely the same numbers. This alone raised a presumption, that one or the other must have been spurious. According to the act of 1777, c. 1. s. 5. there could not possibly be two sets of entries of the same numbers, without the most extraordinary negligence. This testimony ought to have gone to thejury, even if there had been no other. It should have been left to them to decide which of the two sets of warrants was spurious under the peculiar circumstances of the case. But it was supported by corroborating evidence of great weight; by the abstract of Carter's entries. The competency of this evidence may be maintained both on the ground of common law principles, and on special enactments of the local legislature. It is the best which the nature of the case admits of. Works compiled by authority and order of the government of the country, on public occasions, and on subjects of public interest, are recognized as authentic documents in courts of justice, and admitted as evidence in matters of private right. Such are, in England, the celebrated Doomsday Book; the Survey of the King's Ports; the Valor Beneficioruin;a copies of Surveys of Church and Crown Lands:

a Gilb. Law of Evid. 69. Phillips on Evid. 303, 301.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
kept in unsuspected repositories.a The day book of a prison, containing a narrative of the transactions there,. is proof of the tine of a prisoner's commitment.b So, terriers are evidence of manorial boundaries, either when found in the regular repositories, or in places where the custody can be satisfactorily explained.c But, in this case, there are positive statutes of the legislature of Tennessee, by which this book of entries and copies from it are made evidence.' In addition to all this, was the parol evidence. The introdjuction of these locations and warrants into the office in 1795, in a secret manner, betrayed a consciousness that they had not before existed there. This accumulation of proof fully es: tablished the plaintiff's allegation ; or, at all events, it had a tendency to establish it, and its sufficiency ought to have been left to the jury. As to the legislative report ; there is some reason to believe, that the legislature of Tennessee intended, by their act of 1807, c. 82., to make it evidence. At least it might have been proper evidence to bring home notice to the defendants, prior to their purchase.

299
182o. " see
V.
Wendell.

The Attorney General,and Mr. Williams, contra, insisted, 1. That the proceedings on which a grant issues, are to be presumed to be correct. They constitute a question between the State and the giantee

a Phillips,304. 11 East, 234. 1 M]aul: 4- elw. 294. b King v. Aikley, cited Phillip, 313.
c Phillips, 316, 317. d. Laws of Tenn. 261.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1s20. only. Between private parties, evidence dehors the Polk's Les- pptantent isswowholly inadmissible at law.a 2. The tes-
see timony offered in this case was clearly inadmissible WendH. upon the principles of the former decision of this
Court ; in .hich, it may be added, that the Court has gone farther than the local Courts in permitting inquiries into facts occurring prior to the issuing of a grant." The Court below gave no opinion upon any specific evidence, but on the general question, and rejected the whole testimony, which was offered to prove that the warrants were forged. But in order to prove this, the production of ihe warrants was indispensable, and no inferior proof ought to have been received. The abstract is defective, because it is only of a part of a record, when it ought to be of the whole, and so certified. It is. a part only of a copy of a copy. The attempt to infer the spuriousness of the warrants from the identity of the -numbers, was justly repelled, because the same numbers are often given to many warrants, and it can seldom be shown on what entry the grant issued. The report of the-select committee, of the legislature was also inadmissible as evidence ; both because there is no proof that it was ever acted on by the house, and because the State of Tennessee had, at the time, no authority over the lands, North Carolina having retained the right of completing titles originating before the cession. 3. But, even supposing the grant under
a Spalding v. Reeder, Marfyl. Rep. 187. 1 Hay,. 108. Id. 135. Id. 359. Id. 4.D7 3 Ha'. 215. 1 Tenn. Rep. 318 2 Tenn. Rep. 25. Id. 47.
6 9 Cranch, 98.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

which the defendants claim t have been fraudulently obtained by the original grantees, as they are bona fide purchasers without notice, they are entitled to the protection of the Court.a The Courts of Tennessee have established the doctrine, that even in the case of a void grant, a junior grantee shall not avail himself of its nullity as against an innocent purchaser
without notice.'

1820.
P-oIl's Les,e
Wendell.

Mr. Justice JOHNsoN delivered the opinion of the MAarch 91h. Court. Both these titles are founded on what are called removed warrants, and priority of entry is
altogether immaterial to the issue. But the existence of an entry, it is contended on behalf of the plaintiff, is indispensable to the issuing of a warrant of survey, and to the validity of grants, which ought by law to have -their origin in such entries. With a view, therefore, to impeach the prior grant to Sevier, under which these defendants claim, the plaintiff proposes to prove, that there never were in fact any entries made to justify the issuing of the warrants under which their title had its inception. It has been also suggested, that his intention further was to prove the warrants themselves forgeries. But this does not appear from the bill of exceptions, as will be more particularly shown when we come to analyze it, with a view of determining what evidence appears to have been rejected in the Circuit
Court.

a Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch, 133. h, Miller v. Holt, I Tenn. Rep. 111.

302

CASES IN THP SUPREME COURT

1820.

The evidence offered in the Court below, with a

Polk's Les- view to invalidating Sevier's grant, was rejected, see and ogneethendwwrrit of eerrrror to thhis CCoourrttonoenge eneral

Wendell. question arises, whether any, and if any, what evidence of facts, prior to the issuing of a grant, shall be received to invalidate it ?
.caAl ntdoe.ciit,ionrsf When the case was before this Court, in the year upon l'aew: 1815, the same question was brought to its notice,
S proper.
IT in tir and received its most earnest and anxious attention.

Lonig experience had satisfied the mind of every. member of the Court, of the glaring impolicy of ever admitting an inquiry beyond the dates of the grants under which lands are claimed. But the peculiar situation of Kentucky and Tennessee, with relation 4o the parent States of Virginia and North Carolina, and the statutory provisions and course of decisions that have grown out of that relation, has imposed upon this Court the necessity of pursuing a course which nothing but necessity could have reconciled to its ideas of law or policy. The sole object for yhich jurisdiction of cases, between citizens of different states, is vested in the Courts of the United States, is to secure to all the administration of justice, upon the same principles on which it is administered between citizens of the same State. Hence, this Court has never hesitated to conform to the
settled doctrines of the States on landed property, where they are fixed, and can be satisfactorily ascertained ; nor would it ever be led to deviate from them, in any case that bore the semblance of impar-

1hiDsecCisoiourt, oS.f tial justice. c., 9 cna It has been supposed, that in the former decision
87, reconciled
with the pre. alluded to in this case, this Court has gone beyond
tent case

OF THE UNITED STATES.

305

the decisions of the Courts of Tennessee, in opening 182o.

the door to inquiries into circumstances occurring Polk's Les-

prior to the issuing of a grant.

see
V.

An attentive perusal of that decision will detect the Wcud..

error; or prove, if it has done so, it has done it oR

principles that cannot be controverted.

It is obvious from the report of the decision, that

it was at that time presented under an aspect some-

what different from that in which it now appears.

The forgery of the warrants constituted a part of the

case which the plaintiff was precluded from making

out in evidence. And to collect the purport of the

decision, at that time rendered, the best resort will be

to the words in which it is delivered.

Two sentences will give the substance of that de-

cision. They are expressed in the following words.

C, But there are cases in which a grant is absolutely

void; as where the State has no title to the thing

granted, or where the officer had no authority to issue

the grant. In such cases, the validity of the grant is

necessarily examinable at law." And "If, as the

plaintiff offered to prove, the entries were never

made, and the warrants were forgeries, then no right

accrued under the act of 1777 ; no purchase of the

land was made from the State ;and independentofthe

act of cession to the United States, the grant is void

by the express words of the law."

These two sentences comprise the substance of

that decision. For, as to the doubts expressed in the

last paragraph of the opinion, relative to the incep-

tion of a right in the ceded territory prior to the ces-

sion, it is but a doubt, and is remved by a reference

804

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1820. to the 6th section of the act of 1784. As to the
polk's Les- question what evidence shall be sufficient to prove see the existence of the entry, the Court is silent. As
V.
Wendell. to what validity sha!l be given to the grants emanating from North Carolina, the decision places it upon the statutes of North Carolina. And although an opinion is expressed that North Carolina could make
no new grants after the cession, who could have entertained a doubt upon that question ? The right reserved to her was to perfect incipient grants ; but what restraint is imposed upon her discretion ? or what doubt suggested of her good faith in executing that power ?
It will be perceived, that as to irregularitiescommitted by the officers of government prior to the grant, the Court does not express a doubt but that the government, and not the individual, must bear the consequences resulting from them. On the contrary, it declares, that the existence of the grant is, in itself, a sufficient ground, from which every man may infer that every prerequisite has been performed. All, then, that it decides is, that an entry was indispensable as the inception of a title to Sevier; that if an original grant had issued to him after the cession, or a title had been perfected where there was no incipient title before the cession, as in the case of a grant on a forged warrant, and no entry, that it would be void. But, in admitting that the grant shall support the presumption that every prerequisite existed, it necessarily admits, that a warrant shall be evidence of the existence of an entry. Nor is it by any means con, clusive to the contrary, that the entry does not appear

OF THE UNITED STATES.

305

upon the abstract of entries in Washington county, recorded in the Secretary's office. On the contrary, if the warrants issued are signed by the entry-taker, it is conclusive that the locations were received by him, and if he omitted to enter them, his neglect ought not to prejudice the rights of him in whose favour the warrants were issued.
That an entry is necessary to give validity to these grants, we think not only perfectly deducible from the statutory provisions in force in Tennessee, but also, from the legal adjudications of their Courts. Nay, they have not'assumed the prhiciple, that the issuing of the grant shall be deemed a recognfition of the legal sufficiency of an entry; but have decided a grant void which emanated from an entry not sanctioned by the statutes of North Carolina, though the grant was issued when it might have lawfully issued. (Jackson v. Honeycut, I Tenn. Rep. 30.) And in the case of Dodson v. Cock and Stewart, so much relied on in the argument, the legal validity of a grant is expressly referred to the validity of the entry at the time it was made. (1d. 232.) It would indeed, be wonderful if it were otherwise, since it is the acknowledged law of Tennessee, that a prior entry will give precedence to a junior grant: a principle which obviously supposes the entry to be of the essence of the transfer of property ; the grant, that which gives it palpable existence ; or, at least, that it holds the freehold in abeyance, ready to vest upon the contingency of the expected grant.
It has, also, been asserted, that the Courts of the State of Tennessee have fretuently, and uniformly:

1820. Polk's Les-
see Wendell.

Vor,. V:

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1o. decided directly the reverse of the opinion of the
Polk's Les- Supreme Court. This assertion has reference to see that part of the opinion which declares, that a grant
V.
Wendell, issuing ," without entry, and on forged warrants," is a void grant. Such an idea could only have resulted from inattention to the obvious distinction between the acts of the State's agents or officers, and the impositions practised upon them: between the case of a right really incipient, and that where no right ever did exist. How could the State of North Carolina have been performing an act toward perfecting a roht, where, by the supposed case, no right could possibly have existed, no entry ever was made, and the warrant forgedA new grant, it must be admitted,
she could not have made: but would not this have been a new -grant? We will respect the decisions of the State tribunals, but there are limits which no Court can transcend.
But the Courts of Tennessee have not'so decided. In the case of Dodson v. Cocke and Stewart, it will be found that the marginal note of the decision is too general in its expression, and that the Court decides nothing but what has been expressly admitted by this Court, since the legal validity of the entry is made the very basis of that decision. So of the case of Sevier .nd Anderson v. Hill, the only point on which the judges seem to have coincided was, that no other consideration should be proved than what, the grant expressed on the ,face of it, (see the opinion of Judge Humphreys.) If any other point is decided, it is immaterial to the present question.

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

This Court disavows having ever decided more
than that an entry, or other legal incipiency of title, was necessary to the validity of a grant issued by North Carolina, for lands in Tennessee, after the separation. They have never expressed an inclination to let in inquiries into the frauds, irregularities, acts of negligence, or of ignorance of the officers of government, prior to the issuing of the grant; but, on the contrary, have expressed the opinion, that the government must bear the consequences. But while they admit that a genuine warrant shall be in itself the evidence of an entry, they cannot yield to the absurdity of attaching that effect to a forged war-
rant. With regard to the decisions of the State of North
Carolina, it is a well known fact, that on the subject of the effect of entries, the Courts of the two States are at direct variance. And, singular asit may seem, opposite constructions of the same laws constitute rules of decision to their respective Courts. And if it is the law upon their own citizens, we are willing to apply the same rules of property to all others. But even the Courts of that State, in their rigid adherence to the dates and effect of grants, and the principle that they are not void but voidable, are sometimes driven to the most awkx'ard shifts in adjudicating on cases affected by the act of 1777. Thus, in the Trustees of the University v. Sawyer, (Taylor's Rep. 114.) they have said, that although "they cannot declare a grant void, they will adjudge that the grantee takes nothing under it." And in a case decided in 1802, (N. CarolinaRep. 441.) they

1820.
'* s
see
Wendell.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

S'20. have found themselves compelled, under their acts of

-. Les- 1777, 1778, and 1783, to declare a grant absolutely

See
1,

void, on the ground of the invalidity of the entry with

Wedell. reference to facts that required the intervention of a

jury. So that it would seem even in North Caro-

lina, a valid entry was indispensable to a valid grant. That priority of ctry would not give priority to a junior grant, is certainly decided in the case of Wil-

liams v. Wells, reported in the Ndrtlt CarolinaLaw

Repository, "383. But even that point, it would

seem, had not been well established as a principle of

law, since the jury in that case, (which is a recent

one,) manifested their dissatisfaction with the charge

of the Court, by finding against it.

Bon f d.,u.- There was one point made in the argument of this

chaser without

rpnml

notice,
a voi

under
yrant,

case,

which,

friom

its

general

importance,

merits

our

;ttheectr taw of serious attention, and which may have entered into

Tcnuxtsce. the views of the Circuit Court in making their deei-

Sion. It was, whether, admitting this grant to be

void, innocent purchasers without notice, holding under it, should be affected by its nullity ?
This would seem to depend on the question, whether we shall, as to innocent purchasers, view it as a void or voidable grant.

On general principles, it is incontestable, that a grantee can convey no more than he possesses. Hence, those who came in under the holder of a

void .grant, caa acquire nothing. But it is clear that the Courts of.the State of Tennessee have held otherwise. In Miller v. Holt, (1 Tenn. Rep. 11.) it is expressly adjudged, that whether a grant be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

309J

void or voidable, a junior grantee shall not avail 18i2o.

himself

of

its nullity

as

against

an
?13

innocent

pur-

rolk's

Les-

chaser without notice. Yet the North Carolina seVe.

act of 1777, certainly declares grants, obtained by Wendell.

fraud, to be absolutely void. And the same result

must follow, where the State has relinquished its

power to grant, or no law exists to support the va-

lidity of a grant. But it seems that the Courts of

Tennessee have adopted this distinction, that grants

in such cases shall be deemed void only as against

the State, and not then until adjudged so by some

process of law. That as between individuals, the

title shall be held to vest sub zraodo, and innocent

purchasers, without notice, shall ndt be ousted by

the intervention of a subsequent grantee.

If this be the settled law of Tennessee, we are

satisfied that it should rest on the authority of adju-

dication. There is certainly a palpable distinctiont

between the cases of an original grantee, and a sub-

sequent purchaser without notice.. There can be no

reason. why the grantee should be favoured by the leaning of Courts; but the latter, finding the grantee

in possession of the patent of the State, which on its face presents nothing to put him on his guard, has
strong claims upon the favour of Courts, and thejus-
tice of the country. Upon analysing the bill of exceptions, it will be
foupd, that the plaintiff does not propose to prove in
express terms, that the warrants in this case were forgeries. But, with a view to proving that there were no entries to authorize the issuing of the warrants, he tenders various certified documents from

rrphje~cete,cdn, ehdow
.r:XLt.

310

'CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT -

1820. the several offices of North Carolinaand Tennessee, Sfrom which he would raise an inference, that it was
rowks Les-
see impossible that such entries could have existed ; and
Wendell. then tenders parol evidence to prove, that the locations on which the warrants purport to have issued
had never been passed to entry, and together with the warrants and surveys founded upon them had been rejected by a particular entry-taker, (the successor of him who is supposed to have issued these -warrants,) on the ground of their being spurious and invalid. Also, that they had been re-
ported as spurious by a committee of the Tennessee legislature.
As the exception does not come up, on a misdirection of the Court, but generally on the rejection of
the evidence offered, the only remaining questions
arise on its legal competency. And, first, we are of opinion, that the document
marked K. in the transcript of the record, was comp6tent evidence to prove the fact of the existence of th6 entries therein specified, and so far it ought to
have been admitted, because it is expressly made evidence by the act of the 21st of September, 1801. But, as far as a negative use was intended to be made of that abstract, we are of opinion, the certificate of the officer was properly rejected. There is no such effect given either to that document, or the clerk's certificate, by any legislative act, and such an effe'ct could only be given to the production of the whole abstract, from which the Court might, by inspection, have ascertained the fact of the non-existence of the contested entries; or from an exami-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

nation of the keeper of that document as an ordina- 182o.

ry witness, or inspection of it made under a commis- Pols Les:

Sion.

see

V.

The documents offered, marked H. and L. were Wendell.

numerous certificates from the secretary's office of

North Carolina, of ·warrants and grants, introduced

to prove, that on the entries of the dates specified as

the dates of the entries to Sevier, other warrants is-

sued, and other grants were obtained in the name of

various individuals, but none to Sevier. This evi-

dence, also, we are of opinion, was competent cir-

cumstantial evidence, and ought not to have been

wholly rejectQd,

With regard to the report of the committee of the

Ihouse, we can hardly think it could have been seri-

ously offered ; and the parol evidence respecting the

rejection by the subsequent entry-taker, was, also,

properly rejected, inasmuch as the rejection of the

return of these warrants and surveys, was a perfectly

immaterial circumstance upon this issue. It might

as well.have been the result of that eitry-taker's

folly; or- his wrong, as -of any other cause. The

emanation of the grant is sufficient evidence that the

claim of Seveir must have met with a more favour-

able reception from a higher quarter. Upon, the

whole, the only ground on which we could sustain

the decision in the Court below is, that a subsequent

purchaser without notice is not to be affected by any

legal defects in a grantwhich niight have issued con-

formably to existing laws. For, in that case, all the

evidence rejected may have been immaterial to the

isue. .Bat, non constr. that the evidence rejected

312

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
' Polk's Les-
see
V.

was not connected with proof to rebut that defence. It is, therefore, not necessary here to decide defini-
tively on that point of the law. If it is the received doctrine of the Tennessee Courts, we have expressed
our inclination not to shake it. But the cause must necessarily be sent back upon the rejection of the documents marked H. K. & L.

Judgment reversed.

JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for the district of West Tennessee, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that there is error in the proceedings of the said Circuit Court, in rejecting the documents marked in the transcript of. the record with the letters H. K. and L., as incompetent evidence. It is, therefore, ADJUDGED and ORDERED, that the judgment of the Circuit Court, for the district of West Tennessee, in this case, be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And it is further ordered, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to award a venire facias de noro.

374

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Handly's Lessee
Anthony.

JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on Sthe transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for the district of West Tennessee, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the Circuit Court for the district of West Tennessee erred in instructing the jury, that they might use the demarcation, in the bill of exceptions and opinion of the Court mentioned, for the purpose of ascertaining the land contained in
the grant under which the defendant claimed. It is, therefore, ADJUDGED and ORDERED, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this case be, and the same is, hereby reversed and annulled. It is further ORDERED, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to issue a venirefaciasde novo.

(LoCAL LAW.)
HANDLY'S Lessee v. ANTHONY et al.
The boundary of the State of Kentucky extends only to low water mark on the western or northwestern side of the river Ohio; and does not include a peninsula, or island, on the western or northwestern bank, separated from the main land by a channel or bayou, which is filled with water only when the river rises above its banks, and is, at other times, dry.
When a.river is the boundary between two nations or states, if the original property is in neither, and there be no convention respecting it, each holds to the middle of the stream. But when, as in this

OF THE UNITED STATES.

37.

tase. one State (Virginia) is the original proprietor, and grants the territory on one side only, it retains the river within its own domain, and the newly erected State extends to the river only, and the low water mark is its boundary.

1820.
Handly's Lessee
v.

Anthony.

THIs cause was argued by the Attorney- General March 4th for the plaintiff, and by Mr. B. Hardin for the de-

fendants in error.

Mr. Chief Justice MAr.SHALL delivered the opinion of the Court. This was an ejeetment brought in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, to recover land which the plaintiff claims under a grant from the State of Kentucky, and which the defendants hold under a grant from the United States, as being part of Indiana. The title depends upon the question whether the lands lie in
the State of Kentucky, or in the State of Indiana. At this place, as appears from the plat and sur-
veyor's certificate, the Ohio turns its course, and runs southward for a considerable distance, and then takes a northern direction, until it approaches within less than thtee miles, as appears from the plat, of the place where its southern course commences. A small distance above the narrowest part of the neck of land which is thus formed, a channel, or what is commonly termed in that country a bayou,
makes out of the Ohio, and enters the same river a
small distance below the place where it resumes its westward course. This channel, or bayou, is about nine miles by its meanders, three miles and a half in a straight line, and from four to five poles wide. The circuit made by the river appears to be from

Jrark 14t,

676

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. fifteen to twenty miles. About mid-way of the

'

'channel

two branches empty into it from the north-

Handly's

Lessee west, between six and seven hundred yards from

Anthony. each other; the one of which runs along the chan-

nel at low water, eastward, and the ofher westward, until they both enter the main river. Between them is ground over which the waters of the Ohio do not pass until the river has risen about ten feet above its lowest state. It rises from forty to fifty feet, and all the testimony proves that this channel is made
by the waters of the river, not of the creeks which empty into it. The people who inhabit this peninsula, or island, have always paid taxes to Indiana, voted in Indiana, and been considered as within its jurisdiction, both while it was a Territory, and since it has become a State. The jurisdiction of Ken-
tucky has never been extended over them. The question whether the lands in controversy
lie within the State of Kentucky or of Indiana, depends chiefly on the land law of Virginia, and on the cession made by that State to the United States.
Both Kentucky and Indiana were supposed to be comprehended within the charter of Virginia at the commencement of the war of our revolution. At an early period of that war, the question whether the immense tracts of unsettled country which lay within the charters of particular States, ought to be considered as the property of those States, or as an acquisition made by the arms of all, for the benefit of all, convulsed our confederacy, and threatened its existence. it was probably with a view to this question that Virginia, in 1779, when she opened her

OF THE UNITED STATES.

land office, prohibited the location or entry of any

land "on the northwest side of the river Ohio."

In September, 1780, Congress passed a resolution,

recommending "to the several States, having claims-

to waste and unappropriated lands in the western

country, a liberal cession to the United States, of a

portion of their respective claims, for the common

benefit of the Union." And in January, 1781, the

Commonwealth of Virginia yielded to the United

States "all right, title, and claim, which the said

Commonwealth had to the territory northwest of the

river Ohio, subject -to the conditions annexed to the

said act of cession." One of these conditions is,

4' that the ceded territory shall be laid out and formed

into States." Congress accepted this cession, but

proposed some small variation in the conditions,

which was acceded to; and in 1783 Virginia

passed- her act of coinfirmation, giving authority to

her members in Congress to execute a deed of con-

veyance.

It was intended then by Virginia, when she made

this cession to the United States, and most probably

when she opencd her land office, that the great river

Ohio should constitute -a boundary between the

States which might be formed on its opposite banks.

This intention ought never to be disregarded in con-

struing this cession. At the trial, the counsel for the defendants moved

the Court to instruct the jury, 1. That the lessor of the plaintiff cannot recover,

the land in contest not being at any time subject to

'the laws of Kentucky, but to those of Indiana.

VOL. V..

4R

isio. H
Lessee
4thoq#.

378
3820.
Handly's
Less"
V.
Amtbony.

37ASE IN THE SUPr-EMIE CO tUItT
2. Because the evidence does not show that the
land is within the limits of the State of Kentucky. The Court instructed the jury that, admitting that
the western and northwestern boundary of Kentucky
included all the islands of the Ohio, and extended to the western and northwestern bank of the Ohio, yet no land could be called an island of that river, unless it was surrounded by the waters of the Ohio at low water mark; and to low water mark only, on the western or northwestern side of the Ohio, did the boundaries of the State of Kentucky extend.
The counsel for the plaintiff excepted to this opinion, and then moved the Court to instruct the jury, that if they found the land in question was covered. by the grant to the lessor of the plaintiff, and that it was surrounded by a regular water channel of the .Ohio on the northwestern side, and was, at the middile and usual state of the water in the Ohio, embraced and surrounded by the water of the Ohio, flowing in said channel, it was an island, and within the State of Kentucky. But the Court refused to give the instructions aforesaid, but instructed the jury, that if the water did not run through said channel at low water, but left part thereof dry, it was not an island, nor within the State of Kentucky.
To this opinion, also, the counsel for the plaintiff excepted. The jury found a verdict for the defendant.,bn which the Court rendered judgment; which judgment is now before this Court on a writ of error.
The two exceptions present substantially the same eluesfions to the Court, and may therefore be con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

379

sidered together. They are, whether land is pTo- isw. perly denominated an island of the Ohio, unless it "IHtndly's be surrounded with the water of the river, when Lessee low? and whether Kentucky was bounded on the AntT ny. west and northwest by the low water mark of the river, or at its middle state? or, in other words, whether the'State of Indiana extends to low water mark, or stops at the line reached by the river when
at its medium height? In pursuing this inquiry, we must recollect that
it is not the bank of the river, but the river itself, at which the cession of Virginia commences. She conveys to Congress all her right to the territory d situate, lying, and being, to the northwest of the
river Ohio." And this territory, according to express stipulation, is to be laid off into independent States. These States, then, are to have the river itself, wherever that may be, for their boundary. This is a natural boundary, and in establishing it, Virginia must have had in view the convenience of'the future population of the country.
When a great river is the boundary between two nations or states, if the originai prpperty is in neither, and there be no convention respecting it, each holds -to the middle of the stream. But when, as in this ease, one State is the original proprietor, and grants the territory on one side only, it retains the river within its own domain, and the newly-created State extends to the river only. The river, however, is
its boundary. "In case of doubt," says Vattel, "every country
lying npon a river, is prespmed to have g other

380

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
H-Atdly's
Lesee
Antaony.

limits bit the river itself; because nothing is more
.'naturthaaln to take a river for a boundary, when a state is established on its. borders; and wherever
there is a doubt,'that is always to be presumed which is most natural and most probable."
'"If," says the same author, "the country whicb. borders on a river, has no other limits than the river itself, it is in the number of territories that have natural or indetermined limits, and it enjoys the right
"a
of aIuvion. Any gradual accretion of land, then, on the Indi-
ana side of the Ohio, would belong to Indiana, and it is not very easy to distinguish between land thus formed, and land formed by the reeeding of the water.
If,. instead of an annual and' somewhat irregular rising and falling of the river, it was, a daily and almost regular ebbing and flowing of the tide, it would -not-be doubted that a country bounded by the river would extend to low water mark. This rule has been established by the common consent of mankind. It is founded on common convenience. Even when a State retains its dominion over a river which constitutes the boundary between itself and another State, it would be extremely inconvenient to extend its dominion over the land on the other side, which was left bare by, the receding of the water. "And this inconvenience is not less where the rising and falling is annual, than where it is diurnal., Wherever the river is a boundary between States, it is the main, the permanent river, which constitutes that boundary; and the mind will- find

a1.1. e. 22. 6 268.

OF THE UNITED STATES%

itself embarrassed with insurmountable difficulty in attempting to draw any other line than the low water mark.
When the State of Virginia made the Ohio the boundary of States, she must have intended the great river Ohio, not a narrow bayou into which its waters occasionally run. All the.inconvenience which would result from attaching a narrow strip of country lying on the northwest side of that noble river to the States on its southeastern side, would result from attaching to Kentucky, the State on. its southeastern border, a body of land lying northwest of the real river, and divided from the main land only by a narrow channel, through the whole of which the waters of the river do not pass, until they rise ten feet above the low water mark.
The opinions given by the Court must be considered in reference to the case in which they were. given. The sole question in the cause .respected the boundary of Kentucky and Indiana; and- the title depended entirely upon that question. The definition of an island which the Court was requested to give, was eiiher.an abstract proposition, which it was uhnecessary to answer, or -one which was to be answered according to its bearing on the facts in the, cause. The definition of an island was only material, so far as that definition might aid in fixing the boundary of Kentucky. In the opinion given by the Court on .the motion made by the counsel for the-defendants, they say, that "no land.can be calle.d an island" of the Ohio, unless it be surrounded by the waters of that river at low water mark." We

1829.
Handly's
Lessee
V.
Anthony.

582
1a2o.
Ilandly's Lesses A-thony.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
are not satisfied that this definition is incorrect, as
respected the subject before the Court; but it is rendered unimportant, by the subsequent member of
the sentence, in which they say, "1 that to low water mark only, on the western and northwestern side of the Ohio, does the State of Kentucky extend."
So, in the motion made by the counsel for the plaintiff, the Court was requested to say, that if the waters of the Ohio flowed in the channel, in its middle and usual state, it was not only an island, but "within the State of Kentucky."
If the land was not within the State of Kentucky, the Court could not give the direction which was requested. The Court gave an instruction substantially the same with that which had been given on the motion of the defendant's counsel.
If it be true, that the river Ohio, not its ordinary bank, is the boundary of Indiana, the limits of that State can be determined only by the river itself. The same tract of land cannot be sometimes in Kentucky, and sometimes in Indiana, according to the rise and fall of the river. It must be always in the one $tate, or the other.
There would be little difficulty in deciding, that in any case other than land which was sometimes an island, the State of Indiana would extend to low water mark. Is there any safe and secure principle, on which we can apply a different rule to land which is sometimes, though not always, surrounded by water?
So far as respects the great purposes f6r which the river was taken as the boundary, the two case%

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-seemto be within the same reason, and to require the same rule. It would be as inconvenient to the people- inhabiting this neck of land, separated from Indiana only by a bayou or ravine, sometimes dry for six or seven hundred yards of its extent, but separated from Kentucky by the great river Ohio, to form a part of the last mentioned State, as it would for the inhabitants of a strip of land along the whole extent of the Ohio, to form a part of the State on the opposite shore. Neither the one nor the other can be considered as intended by the deed of cession.
If a river, subject to tides, constituted the boundary of a State, and at flood the waters of the river flowed through a narrow channel, round an extensive body of land, but receded from that channel at ebb, .so as to leave the land it surrounded at high water, connected with the main body of the country-; this portion of territory would scarcely be considered as belonging to the State on the opposite side of the river, although that State should have the property of the river. The principle that a country bounded by a river extends to low water mark, a principle so natural, and of such obvious convenience as to have been generally adopted, would, we think, apply to that case. We perceive no sufficient reason why it should not apply to this.
The case is certainly not without its difficulties; but in great questions which concern the boundaries of States, where great natural boundaries are established in general terms, with a view to public convenisnce, and the avoidance of controversy, we think the great object, where it can be distinctly perceived,

1820.
I
Handly's Lesee
Anthony.

384
1820. Handly's Lessee
V. Anthony.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ought not to be defeated by those technical perplexities which may sometimes influence contracts between individuals, The State of Virginia intended
to make the great river Ohio, throughout its extent, the boundary between the territory ceded to the United States and herself. When that part of Virginia, which is now Kentucky, became a separate State, the river was the boundary between the new States erected by Congress in the ceded territory, and Kentucky. Those principles and considerations which produced the boundary, ought to preserve it. They seem to us to require, that Kentucky should not pass the main river, and possess herself of lands lying on the opposite side, although they should, for a considerable portion of the year, be surrounded by the waters of the river-flowing into a narrow channel.
It is a fact of no inconsiderable importance- in tbi case, that the inhabitants of this land have uniformly considered themselves, and have been uniformly considered, both by Kentucky and Indiana, as belonging to the last mentioned State. No diversity of opinion appears to have existed on this point. The water on the north western side of the land in :'6oitroversy, seems not to have been spoken of as a part of the river, but as a bayou. The people of the vidinage, who'viewed, the river in:all its changes, seem not to have-considered this land as being an island of thd Ohio, and as a part of Kentucky, but as lying on thd north western side of the Ohio, and being a part of Indiana.

t) THE UNITED STATES.

885

The compact with Virginia, under which Kentucky became a State, stipulates, that the navigation of, and jurisdiction over, the river, shall be concurrent between the new States, and the States which may possess the opposite shores of the said river. This term seems to be a repetition of the idea under which the cession was made. The shores of a river border on the water's edge.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

i8-2o. "'
La Amistad
ae rues.

(enIzE.)

LA AmiSTAD DE Ru s.-Almiral, Libellant.
Qucere, Whether, where a prize has been taken by a privateer fitted out in violation of our neutrality, the vessels of the United States have a right to recapture the prize and bring it into our ports for adjudication?
in cases of marine torts, the probable profits of a voyage are not a fit rule for the ascertainment ofdamages.
In cases of violation of our neutrality by any of the belligerents, if the prize comes voluntarily within our territory, it is restored to the original owners by our Courts. But their jurisdiction for this purpose, under the law of nations, extends only to restitution of the specific property, with costs and expenses, during the pcndency of the suit, and does not extend to the infliction of vindictive damages as in ordinary cases of marine torts.
Where the original owner seeks for restitution inour Courts upon the ground of a violation of our neutrality by the captors, the onus pro. bandi rests upon him, and if there be reasonable doubt respecting the facts, the Court will decline to exercise its jurisdiction,]

APPEAL from the District Court of Louisiana.

VOL. V.

49

t) THE UNITED STATES.

885

The compact with Virginia, under which Kentucky became a State, stipulates, that the navigation of, and jurisdiction over, the river, shall be concurrent between the new States, and the States which may possess the opposite shores of the said river. This term seems to be a repetition of the idea under which the cession was made. The shores of a river border on the water's edge.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

i8-2o. "'
La Amistad
ae rues.

(enIzE.)

LA AmiSTAD DE Ru s.-Almiral, Libellant.
Qucere, Whether, where a prize has been taken by a privateer fitted out in violation of our neutrality, the vessels of the United States have a right to recapture the prize and bring it into our ports for adjudication?
in cases of marine torts, the probable profits of a voyage are not a fit rule for the ascertainment ofdamages.
In cases of violation of our neutrality by any of the belligerents, if the prize comes voluntarily within our territory, it is restored to the original owners by our Courts. But their jurisdiction for this purpose, under the law of nations, extends only to restitution of the specific property, with costs and expenses, during the pcndency of the suit, and does not extend to the infliction of vindictive damages as in ordinary cases of marine torts.
Where the original owner seeks for restitution inour Courts upon the ground of a violation of our neutrality by the captors, the onus pro. bandi rests upon him, and if there be reasonable doubt respecting the facts, the Court will decline to exercise its jurisdiction,]

APPEAL from the District Court of Louisiana.

VOL. V.

49

386

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. La Amistad
doeRues.

This was the case of a Spanish ship.captured by

the Venezuelan privateer La Guerriere, on the high seas, in November, 1817, and afterwards forcibly

taken possession of near the mouth of the Mississip-

pi, by a detachment from the United States ketch

Surprise, and brought into the port of New-Orleans.

A libel was there filed in the District Court, in be-

half of the original Spanish owners, claiming resti-

tution of the property, upon the ground, (among

other things,) that the privateer had augmented her

crew in the United States, during the cruise, and be-

fore the capture. A claim was given in by the origi-

nal captors, denying the allegations in the libel, and

praying restitution of the property as lawfully cap-

tured. At the hearing in the District Court, the

cause turned almost entirely upon the question of

the augmentation of the crew, and the Court de-

creed restitution of the property to the original Spa-

niish owners with damages, which were ordered to

be ascertained by assessors. The assessors reported

damages as follows: to the owners of- the ship for

loss by plunder,

$625 00

and to the owners of the cargo for loss of

market by the capture,

4000 00

and loss by plunder,

575 00

in the whole,

$5,200 00

The report was confirmed by the Court, and dama-

ges decreed accordingly. From this decree, the cap-

tors appealed to this Court.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Mr. C. 3. Ingersoll, for the appellants, argued upon the facts, to show that there was no sufficient evidence to prove that the privateer had augmented her force in the ports of the United States. He insisted, that the burthen of proof to establish this fact rested with the original Spanish owners, who claimed restitution upon it; and that they 4ad not shown, beyond all reasonable doubt, to the satisfaction of the
Court, that the captors bad increased their armament in violation of our neutrality. lie also argued, that supposing the misconduct on the part of the captors ever so clealy established by the evidence, the jurisdiction. of our Courts does not extend to the infliction of vindictive damages for their offence, but is limited by the law of nations to restitution of the specific property illegally captured. To carry it further, wouldbe to assume the entire prize jurisdictiou with all its incidents, which is exclusively vested in the Courts of the captor's country. At all events, it is well established, that the probable profits of a
voyage is not a fit rule for the assessment of daroages in cases of marine torts, and even upon that ground alone the decree must be reversed.

1820.
La Amistad
de Rues. Xarrh 8th.

The Attorney- General, contra, insisted, that the evidence of an illegal augmentation of the force of the privateer in our ports,. was sufficiently established bythe evidence. He argued, that where the neutrality of our ports is violated in this manner, and the property captured is brought within our territory, the Courts of this country, proceeding in rem, are bound not merely to restore the specific property

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
LAmista de Rues.

to the original owners, but to restore it with costs
and damages, as in an ordinary case of illegal sei.. zure. Being possessed of the principal question of
prize or no prize, that necessarily draws after it all incidental questions; and the one is no more an invasion of the exclusive jurisdiction of the belligerent Prize Courts than the other. The neutral tribunal having taken jurisdiction for the purpose of vindicating the neutrality of its own country, by placing things in the same state they would have been in, had not that neutrality been violated,-can only do complete justice between the parties, by inflicting upon the captors such damages as will afford the original owners an indemnity for the loss they have sustained.

Mavch 14th. Mr. Justice STORy delivered the opinion of the Court, and, after stating the facts, proceeded as follows. We pass over the question, whether, supposing there was an illegal augmentation of the crew of the privateer in our ports, the American captors had any right forcibly to bring in the prize for adjudication. It is an important question, and when it shall be necessary to decide it, it will deserve serious consideration. The present cause may well be disposed of without any discussion concerning it. Two questions have been made at the bar. 1. Whether, in point of fact, the illegal augmentation of the crew is so established as to entitle the Spanish libellants to restitution. 2. If so, whether the damages were rightfully awarded.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

589

The last question will be first considered. And as to the item of damages for loss of market, we are all of opinion that it is clearly inadmissible. In cases of marine torts, this Court have deliberately
settled, that the probable profits of a voyage are not a fit mode for the ascertainment of damages. a It is considered that the rule is too uncertain in its own

1820.
L"-aa AAm"isst"ad
Tdhee Rpruoebsa.ble
profit.ofav.
age not a pro.
pehrearsocleertaifnorment of dama-
ges in cases of marine tort.

nature, and too limited in its applicability, to entitle it to judicial sanction. The same principle must

govern in the present case.

But a more general objection is to the allowance j.uErxistdeincttioonf tohi e

of any damages in cases of this sort, as between the pineuctarsaelsCooufrtas

belligerents. beTllgheerntdsaoscstsrine

heretofore

assert~ee d

in nirliof
inneutrality

this Court is, that whenever a capture is made by

any belligerent in violation of our neutrality, if the prize come voluntarily within our jurisdiction, it

shall be restored to the original owners. This is done upon the footing of the general law of nations; and the doctrine is fully recognised by the act of

Congress of 1794. But this Court have never yet been understood to carry their jurisdiction, in cases of violation of neutrality, beyond the authority to de-

cree restitution of the specific property, with the costs and expenses during the pending of the judicial proceedings. We are now called upon to give general damages for plunderage, and if the particular circumstances of any case shall hereafter require it, we

may be called upon to inflict exemplary damages to the same extent as i the ordinary cases of marine torts. We entirely disclaim any right to inflict such

a The Amiable Nancy, 3 Wheat. 546,

1990

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. damages; and consider it no part of the duty of a
LaAmistad neutral nation to interpose, upon the mere footing of de Rues. the law of nations, to settle all the rights and wrongs
which may grow out of a capture between belligerents. Strictly speaking, there can be no such thing as a marine tort between the belligerents. Each has an undoubted right to exercise all the rights of
war against the other ; and it cannot be a matter of judicial complaint, that they are exercised with severity, even if the parties do transcend those rules
which the. customary laws of war justify. At
least, they have never been held within the cognizance of the prize tribunals of neutral nations. The captors are amenable to their own Government exclusively, for any excess or irregularity in their pro ceedings; and a neutral nation ought no otherwise to interfere, than to prevent captors from*obtaining any unjust advantage by a violation of its neutral jurisdiction. Neutral nations may, indeed, inflict pecuniary, or other penalties, on the parties for any such- violation; but it then does it professedly in vindication of its own rights, and not by way of compensation to the captured. When called upon by either of the belligerents to act in such cases, all that justice seems to require is, that the neutral natioti should fairly execute its own laws, and give no asylum to the property unjustly captured. It is bound, therefore, to restore the property if found within its own ports; . but beyond this it is not obliged to interpose between the belligerents. If indeed it were otherwise, there would be no end to the difficulties and embarrassments of neutral prize

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tribunals. They would be compelled to decide in 18o. every variety of shape upon marine trespasses in rem, )La Amistad and in personam, between belligerents, without pos- de Rues. sessing adequate means of ascertaining the real facts, or of compelling the attendance of foreign witnesses; and thus they would draw within their jurisdiction almost every incident of prize. Such a course of things would necessarily create irritations and animosities, and very soon embark neutral nations in all the controversies and hostilities of the conflicting parties. Considerations of public policy come therefore in aid of what we consider the law of nations on this subject; and we may add, that Congress in its legislation has never passed the limit which is here marked out. Until Congress" shall choose to prescribe a different rule, this Court will, in cases of this nature; confine itself to the exercise Qf the simple authority to decree'restitution, and decline all inquiries into questions ofdamageis for asserted wrongs. The decree for damages is, therefore, unhesitatingly
reversed. The other question presents more difficulty. It doi,nuisnprocbaase,..,
must be admitted, that there is positive testimony tiohne is crlaeimsedtlitudirectly to the point of the illegal augmentation, of by heoriin.a the crew of the privateer; and if it stood uncontra- tnhgarou2of dicted, and were liable to no deduction, the libellant pame'rt r would certainly be entitled to restitution. But the uponthem. testimony as to the augmentation, comes chiefly from very obscure persons, and is, in itself, in many respects, loose and equivocal; and"that of one? at least. of the principal witncsses, is, in a most material fact,

392

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
LAmistd
de tues,

directly contradicted by a written document, whose
verity has not been questioned. It is proved, by the report of an inspector made to the custom house,
that at the arrival of the privateer in port, she had on board 49 men; yet, the witness alluded to, expressly alleges, that at the time of her arrival atNewOrleans, she had not more than ten or twelve persons on board. It appears, too, that the crew of the privateer was wholly composed of foreigners, princi-
pally persons from the Spanish Maine, and from St. Domingo. Being arrived at New-Orleans in the course of a cruize, which is not proved to have ended there, the natural presumption is, that her, original crew continued attached to her; and this presumption is considerably fortified by the fact, that though the officers of the custom house of that port vigilantly inquire into cases of this nature, there is nothing in their testimony, that in the slightest degree affects the conduct of the privateer in an unfavourable manner. It certainly cannot be said, that the evidence is free from all reasonable doubt. And, in cases of this nature, where the libellant seeks the-aid of a neutral Court to interpose itself against a belligerent capture, on account of a supposed violation of neutrality, we think the burthen of proof rests upon him. To justify a restitution to the original owners, the violation of neutrality should be clearly made out. If it remains doubtful, the Court ought to decline the exercise of its jurisdiction, and leave the property where it finds it. We cannot say that the present case is clear from reasonable doubt; and,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

therefore, we reverse the decree of the District Court, and order restitution to be made to the origintaDl captors ; but, under all the circumstances, the parties are to bear their own costs.

1820. La
La 2. siastad
de -ues.

Decree reversed.

DF.ca.ap. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the District Court of the United States for the district of Louisiana, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is DECREED and ORDERED, that the decree of the said District Court, in this case, be, and the same is, hereby reversed and annulled. And this Court, proceeding to pass such decree as the said District Court should have passed, it is further DECREED and ORDERED, that the libel be dismissed, and the said ship La Amistad, her tackle, apparel, and-furniture, and cargo, be restored to the claimants. And it is further ORDEAED, that each party pay their own costs.

VOL. V.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.69

not encroach upon the rights of third parties. (Erskine's Inst. B. 3. tit. 10. s. S.) A bastard is not only excluded, I. From his father's succession, because the law knows no father who is not -marked but by lawful marriqg ; and, 2. From all heritable succession, whether by the father -or mother ; because he cannot be pronounc'ed lawful heir by the inquest, in terms of the Brie; but, also, 3. From the ndveable succession of his mother ; for, though the mother be known, the bastard is not her lawful child, and legitimacy is implied in all succession deferred by law. But though he cannot succeed jure sanguinis, he may succeed by destinatlion,where he is specially called to the snc, cession -by an entail or testament. (lb. s. 4.)
The laws of England respecting illegitimate children, are too
well known to render any particular account of Them necessary in this place. Vide 1 Bl. Comm. 454. et seq. Co. Litt. by HIargr. 8y Butler, 3 6. note 1. Id. 123. a. note 8. Id. 123. b. note 1,'!. 1d.J243. b. note '. Id. 244. a. note 1, 2. 79. 244-
-b. note 1.

1820. %..,v .'
PerVk.ins
llamsey.

(LocAL LAw.)
13EluXNs et -at. v. RAM 5E-Y Ctal
The-following -enryis invalia for want of t0t -certaintyand precision required by law: " William Perkins and William Hoy, enter 6,714 acres of land on a treasury warrant, No. -10,692, to join Lawrence Thompson and Jlames NI'Millan's entry of 1,000 acres that is laid on the adjoining-idge between Spencer's-creek and lingston's fork of 'Licking on the east, and to ran east and south for quantity." The entry referred to in the foregoing was as follows: "9th of December, 1782, Lawrence Thompson and James 'IMillan, assignee of Samuel Vaker, eiter 1,000 acres on alreasury warrant, No. 4,222, on the dividing ridge between Kingston's fork of Licking andSpencer's creek, -awest branchofsaidfork, to includealarge pond .in the centre of a square, and a white oak tree'marked X, also an elm tree marked "VS,near the side ofthe pond."
Tais cause was argued by Mr. B. Hardin,for the F 171t. appellants, and by Mr. Trimble, for the respondents.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUIV

1820.
Perkins at
Rlamsey.
.March 61h.

Mr. Justice TODD delivered the opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from the decree of the seventh Circuit Court in the district of Kentucky, and is a controversy between conflicting claims to land originating under the land law of Virginia.
The respondents relying on their elder legal titles, and denying the validity of the entries, under which the appellants derive their titles, it is necessary to examine those entries only.
The entry under which the appellants derive title is in the following words, as it stands amended, viz. " William Perkins and William Hoy enter 6,714 acres of land on treasury warrant No. -10,692, to .join Lawrence Thompson and James M'Millan's eniry of 1,000 acres that is laid on the dividing ridge, between Spencer's creek and Hingston's fork of Licking, on the east, and to run east and south, for quantity."

The entry referred to in the foregoing one, is in the following words, viz : " 9th of December, 1782, Lawrence Thompson and James M'Millan, assignee of Samuel Baker, enter 1,000 acres on a treasury warrant, No. 4,222, on the dividing ridge between 1-ingston's fork of Licking and Spencer's creek, a west branch of saidfork, to include a large pond in the centre of a square, and a white oak tree marked X, also, an elm tree marked V S, near the side of the pond."
On reading this last entry, the impression would be strong, that the dividing ridge, Spencer's creek, and the large pond, were all to be found on the west side of Hingston's fork of Licking : a subsequent

OF THE UNITED STATES.

locator, or those desirous of ascertaining the land embraced by this entry, on making inquiry for the objects called for, would be informed that Spencer's creek is not a water of Hingston's fork; but is a water of Slate creek, and lies on the east, and not on the west side of Hingston. Each of those creeks was, at the date of this entry, generally known by their respective names. There is, then, in this entry a mistake in describing Spencer's creek as a west branch of Hingston's. fork. If this mistake can be corrected according to legal principles, and well settled rules of construing entries, it should be done, if by the correction the entry can be sustained. It is stated to be a rule of construction adopted in the Courts of Kentucky, that where there are repugnant, false or mistaken calls in an entry, they may be rejected. Admitting the correctness of this rule, the call for Spencer's creek as being a west branch of Hingston's fork, is not a repugnant, but is a mistaken
one. This mistake being corrected, the entry would then read, "Lawrence Thompson and James M'Mil]an, assignee of Samuel Baker, enter 1,000 acres on a treasury warrant, on the dividing ridge between Hingston's fork of Licking, and Spencer's creek, to include a large pond in the centre of a square, and a white oak tree marked X, also, an elm tree marked
VS, near the side of the pond." Those who were acquainted with Hingston's fork, and -Spencer's creek, would know, and the connected platt before -the Court shows, that there is a dividing ridge extending in a northern and southern direction, between those water courses. A subsequent locator might

s!o:
Perkiua
V.
Ramsey.

1820.
' Perkins
v.
Ramsey.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
thus have ascertained three of the objects called for in this entry, viz. the dividing ridge, Hingston's fork, and Spencer's creek; but the large pond and marked trees are still wanting to ascertain the specialty
and precision of this entry. The most diligent inquiry and laborious research would not enable him to find them, on, or near this dividing ridge. Here another false call or description is discovered. How is this to be corrected? It is contended, that Slate creek must be substituted for Hingston's fork, by doing which, all mistakes will he corrected, and every object called for in the entry may be easily found, land correctly ascertained. Waiving for the present all objection to this substitution, let it be examined how the entry would then stand. The description would then be " on the dividing ridge between Slate creek and Spencer's creek, a west branch thereof, to include a large pond in the centre of a square, and a white oak tree marked X; also, an elm tree marked V S, near the side of the pond." With'this correction, a subsequent locator being placed at the mouth of Spencer's creek, would naturally look for the dividing ridge to conduct him -to the pond, and marked trees. The connected platt exhibits three ridges, one extending in a northern -direction, between Slate, and a branch of Spencer's creek; a second, extending westwardly up Spencer's creek, on the south side thereof, which is a dividing ridge between Spencer's creek and Greenbrier creek, also a water of Slate; and a third, extending westwardly up Greenbrier on the south side thereof, which is a dividing ridge between Greenbrier and Brash

OF THE UNITED STATES.

273

creek, also a witer of Slate. Which of these would lie decide to be the dividing ridge between Spencer's creek, and Slate ; or can either of them be properly so called? It is contended on the part of the appellants, that the ridge on the upper, or soufh side of Spencer's creek would, in the general, and common acceptation of men, be considered as the proper one. It may be admitted, that in many, perhaps in most cases, a call for the dividing ridge between two streams would generally be considered as designa.tirng that point above the one, and adjoining the other; but it must also be admitted, that in some cases it would not be so considered ; it would depend on the direction -or course of the streams, .and the manner in which they are united with each other. If the general course of the one was south, and the other north, and the other running south, should turn east to form the junction, and -the one running north should continue its course, then the land below the junction, would by every .person be considered as dividing the one stream from the other. Take as an example that branch of Spen.cer's Creek, called Harper's Fork; suppose it the main stream, and that it formed a junction with Slate Creek instead of Spencer's Creek, could a doubt - exist that the land on the lower side was the dividing ridge between that stream and Slate Creek ? The dividing ridge -on the south side of Spencer's Creek, -is, in truth and in fact, a dividing ridge between that .creek and Green-brier, another water of Slate, running nearly parallel with Spencers's Creek, and .forming ajunction with Slate above.it. The same

Vor. V,

5

182o0.
Perkins
V.
R~amsey.

274

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. fact exists as to the dividing ridge between GreenPerkins ~ brier and Brush Creek. Tie ridge, then, extending
V. northwardly from the mouth of Spencer's Creek amso,-. might, with equal probability, be pursued aseitherof

the others; it would lead to a pond, as designated on the connected platt B2. It is true, this pond is not proved to be a large one, and a subsequent locator on a view of it might conclude it did not answer the description of that called for in the entry. If he returned and pursued the ridge between Greenbrier and Brush Creek, he would be conducted to a. pond, designated on the connected platt 38. This also is not a large pond, and may be considered as not answering the description. But supposing he should pursue the ridge on the south side of -Spencer's Creek, would it conduct him certainly to the pond No. 1., as designated on the connected platt ? We think it very doubtful, from the proofs in the cause. It is not situate on the dividing ridge, but is nearly surrounded by the drains and branches of Green-brier, is from 50 to 80 poles distant from the ridge, was nearly surrounded by high, strong, and thick canes ; and, although from the testimony, there appears to have been a good deal of conversation among the reiidents at Boonesborough respecting a large pond in this section of country, yet its precise situation was known only to a few, among some of whom existed an agreement to conceal their knowledge of it, and many of the residents at that place and its vicinity knew not, nor had heard any thing respecting it: to which may be added, that the pond designated on the connected platt 37., is a large

OF THE UNITED STATES.

27h

pond, was also known to many, and possibly may have been the one spoken of in some of the general and loose conversations at Boonesborough; and it may be further observed, that the residents at Strode's and M'Gee's stations, (which were the nearest ones,) as well as many others, who were conversant in that section of country, had never seen, and did not know of, the pond No. 1. until a consi-derable time after the date of the entry. The Court is, therefore, of opinion, that this pond was not so .generally known, or could be so readily found, as to support and uphold this entry ; and that it would be requiring more than ordinary and reasonable diligence to traverse and search all the dividing ridges represented on the connected platt.
But weare not satisfied that, according to the legal principles or well settled rules for construing entries, Slate creek, can be substituted for Ilingston's fork : on the contrary, we believe it would be making, rather than construingan entry. No case has been produced, where this has been permitted, and it is believed none such exists. The counsel for the appellants contends, that as from the proofs in the cause, it appears that Slate creek was by many supposed to be Hingston, this circumstance would authorize such substitution; to this it may be answered, that this mistake existed among the hunters and locators at Boonesborough only, and that among them, there were several'who knew Slate creek by its appropriate name; to which it may be added, that all the hunters and locators at Strode's and M'Gee's stations, as well as rmany others, also knew Slate creek, and that it was

1820.
Perkins
RamVs.ey

76 1820.
Perkins V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
not a water of Hingston's fork ; so that a majority of those conversant in that section of country did
not labour under the mistake. We are therefore of opinion, that it would be extending the rules of construction too far to make this substitution, in support of the mistake. of the few, against the knowledge of the majority ; if a substitution could be permitted in any case. We are farther of opinion, that - ingston's fork, was of more general notoriety than any of those streams, and ouight not to be disregarded in construing this entry ; that it is one of the prominent calls to ascertain its situation ; and that a subsequent locator having arrived at Hingston's fork, and finding the pond designated on the platt 37, which is proved to have been known to many, and isliitle inferior in size to the-pond 1, mightrationally conclude, that the locator of the entry under consi.. deration, had mistaken some western branch of flingstoni for Spencer's creek; thus situated, he would conjecture, that an entry containing such incorrect, mistaken, or false calls, and requiring so much diligence and labour, was so doubtful and Uncertahi, as to induce him to abandon further research. This entry, therefore, from a full view of all the proofs and circumstances, is deemed invalid, for want
of that certainty and precision required by law. In accordance with this opinion, is the decision of
*the Court of Appeals of the State of Kentucky, in the suit of Dunleary against Reed and others, wherein the same entry was examined upon substantially fhe same evidence.
Decree affirmed with costs.

1820. U. tae
.

CASES IN THE SUPREME GOURI
litia act of Pennsylvania now in question, are repugnant to the constitutional laws of Congress on the samne subject, and are utterly void ; and that, therefore, the judgment of the State Court ought to be
reversed. In this opinion I have the concurrence of one of my brethren.
Judgment affirmed.

(COs sTTUTTo .RALLAW.)
The UNITED STATES v. WILTBERGER.
The Courts of the United States have no jurisdiction, under the act o1 April 30th, 1790, c. 36. of the crime of manslaughter, committed by the master upon one of the seamen on board a merchant vessel of the United States, lying in the river Tigris, in the empire of China, 35 miles above its mouth, off Wampoa, about 100 yards from the sbore, in four and a half fathoms water, and below low water mark.
Though penal laws are to be construed strictly; yet the intention of the legislature must govern in the construction of penal, as well as other statutes, and they are not to be construed so strictly as to defeat the obvious intention of the legislature.
In the act of April 30th. 1790, c. 36. the description of places contained in the 8th section, within which the offences therein enumerated must be committed, in order to give the Courts of the Union jurisdiction over them, cannot be transferred to the 1 th section, so as to give those Courts jurisdiction over a manslaughter committed in the river of a foreign country, and not on the high sets.
THIS was an indictment for manslaughter, in the
Circuit Court of Pennsylvania. The jury found the defendant guilty of the offence with which he

OF THE UNITED STATES.

stood indicted, subject to the opinion of the Court, whether this Court has jurisdiction of the case, which was as follows:
The manslaughter charged in the indictment, was committed by the defendant, on board of the American ship the Benjamin Rush, on a seaman belonging to the said ship, whereof the defendant was master,
in the river Tigris, in the empire of China, off Warnpoa, and about 100 yards from the shore, in four and a half fathoms water, and below the low water mark, thirty-five miles above the mouth of the river. The
water at the said place where the offence was committed, is fresh, except in very dry seasons, and the tide ebbs and flows at, and above the said place. At the mouth of the Tigris, the government of China has forts on each side of the river, where customhouse officers are taken in by foreign vessels to prevent smuggling. The river at the mouth, and at Wampoa, is about halfa mile in breadth.
And thereupon, the opinions of the Judges of the Circuit Court, being opposed as to the jurisdiction of the Court, the question was by them stated, and directed to be certified to this Court.

1820. u. t
V. Wiltberger.

Mr. C.J. Ingersoll,for the United States, argued, that by the Constitution the judicial power extends to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, and Congress is invested with authority to define and punish piracies and other felonies committed on the high seas. The judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. s. 11. gives jurisdiction over these offences to the Circuit Court. The act of April 30th, 1790. c. 36. for

Fe5. 14th.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
18z0. the punishment of certain crimes against the United
U. States States, s. 12. provides for the punis6hment of man1,. slaughter committed on the high seas. But it is un-
Wiltberger.
a The sections of this act commented on in the argument, are as follows :
SEc. I. '1hat if any person or persons, owing allegiance to the United States of America, shall levy war against them, or shall adhere to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States, or elsewhere, and shall be thereof convicted, on confession in open Court, or on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act of the treason whereof he or they shall stand indicted, such person or persons shall be adjudged guilty of treason against the United States, and shall suffer death.
SEc I1. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons, having knowledge of the commission of any of the treasons aforesaid, shall conceal, and not as soon as may be disclose and make known the same to the President of the United States, or some of the Judges thereof, or to the President or Governor of a particular State, or some one of the Judges or Justices thereof, such person or persons, on conviction, shall be adjudged guilty of misprision of treason, and shall be imprisoned not exceeding seven years, and fined not exceeding one thou-
sand dollars. SEC. III. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons
shall, within any fort, arsenal, dockyard, magazine, or in any other place or district of country, under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, commit the crime of wilful murder, such person or persons, on being thereof convicted, shall suffer death.
SEC. VI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons, having knowledge of the actual commission of the crime of wilful murder, or other felony, upon the high seas, or within any fort, arsenal, dockyard, magazine, or other place or district of country, under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, shall conceal, and not, as soon as may be, disclose and make known the same to some one of the Judges, or other

OF THE UNITED STATES.
derstood to be objected, 1. That the civil, or Roman 1820. law, which is the admiralty code, does not recognise k. State
V.
persons in civil or military authority under the United States, Wiltberger. on conviction thereof, such person or persons shall be adjudged guilty of misprision of felony, and shall be imprisoned not exceeding three years, and fined not exceeding five hundred dol. lars.
SEC. VII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall, within any fort, arsenal, dockyard, magazine, or other place or district of country, under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, commit the crime of manslaugh. ter, and shall be thereof convicted, such person or persons shall be imprisoned not- exceeding three years, and fined not exceeding one thousand dollars.
SEC. VIII. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons shall commit, upon the high seas, or in any river, haven, basin, or bay, out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, murder or robbery, or any other offence, which, if committed within the body of a county, would, by the laws of the United States, be punishable with death; or, if any captain or mariner of any ship or other vessel, shall piratically and feloniously run away with such ship or vessel, or any goods or merchandize, to the value of fifty dollars, or yield up such ship or vessel voluntarily to any pirate ; or if any seaman shall lay violent hands upon his commander, thereby to hinder and prevent his fighting in defence of his ship, or goods committed to his trust, or shall make a revolt in the ship ; every such offender shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be, a pirate and felon, and being thereof convicted, shall suffer death : and the trial of crimes committed on the high seas, or in any place out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, shall be in the district where the offender is apprehended, or into which he may first be brought.
SEC. IX. And be it enacted, That if any citizen shall commit any piracy or robbery, aforesaid, or any act of hostility against the United States, or any citizen thereof, upon the high seas, under colour of any commission from any foreign prince

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

i2o.
U. Satates
V.
Wiltberger.

or define the offence of manslaughter." To which it is answered, that Congress, having declared that
or State, or on pretence of authority from any person, such

offender shall, notwithstanding the pretence of authority, be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a pirate, felon, and robber, and on being thereof convicted, shall suffer death.
SEc. X. And be it enacted, That every person who shall either upon the land or seas, knowingly and wittingly aid and assist, procure, command, counsel or advise, any person or persons to do or commit any murder or robbery, or other piracy aforesaid, upon the high seas, which shall affect the life of such person, and such person or persons shall thereupon do or commit any such piracy or robbery, then all and every such person, so as aforesaid aiding, assisting, procuring, commanding, counselling, or advising the same, either upon the land or the sea, shall be, and they are hereby declared, deemed, and adjudged. to be, accessary to such piracies before the fact, and every such person, being thereof convicted, shall suffer death.
Sxc. XI. And be it enacted, That after any murder, felony, robbery, or other piracy whatsoever, aforesaid, is or shall be committed by any pirate or robber, every person who, knowing that such pirate or robber has done or committed any such piracy or robbery, shall, on the land or at sea, receive, entertain, or conceal, any such pirate or robber, or receive or take into his custody any ship, vessel, goods, or chattels, which have been, by any such pirate or robber, piratically and feloniously taken, shall be, and are hereby declared, deemed and adjudged, to be accessary to such piracy or robbery, after thL fact; and on conviction thereof, shall be imprisoned, not exceeding three years, and fined, not exceeding five hundred
dollars. SEc. XII. And be it enacted, That if any seaman or other per-
son shall commit manslaughter upon the high seas, or confederate, or attempt or endeavour to corrupt any commander, master,

a 1 Bro. Civ. and Adm. Law, 422. 2 Bro. 460.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

any person convicted of manslaughter, shall be punished in the manner provided by the act, the cornmon law may be referred to for a definition of the offence.a Neither robbery, murder, mayhem, nor many other offences, made punishable by the statute laws of the United States, are defined by those laws. The distinctions of homicide, as marked out by the
common law, are unknown to the civil Or Roman law. But when jurisdiction is given of murder committed on the high seas &c. to a Court of Admiralty, the law defining the crime is to be derived from the common, and not from the civil law.' It is also objected, 2. That the local jurisdiction of the Chinese empire over the offence charged by the indictment, if found by the jury to have been committed within its territorial limits, necessarily excludes the jurisdiction of the Courts of this country over the offence.

1820.
t. States.
V.

officer or mariner, to yield up or to run away with any ship

or vessel, or with any goods, wares, or merchandize, or to

turn pirate, or to go over to or confederate with pirates, or

in any wise trade with any pirate, knowing him to be such,

or shall furnish such pirate with any ammunition, stores,

or provisions, of any kind; or shall fit out any vessel, know-

ingly, and with a design, to trade with or supply or correspond

with any pirate or robber upon the seas; or if any persons

shall any ways consult, combine, confederate, or correspond,

with any pirate or robber on the seas, knowing him to be guilty of any such piracy or robbery; or if any seaman shall confine

the master of any ship or other vessel, or endeavour to make revolt in such ship; such person or persons, so offending,

and being thereof convicted, shall be imprisoned, not exceeding

three years, and fined, not exceeding one thousand dollars.

a The United States v. Palmer, 3 Wheat. 626.

6 The United States v. M'Gill, 4 Dal!. 426. 429.

VOL. V.

11

6ASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1820.
USates V.
Wiltberger.

To this objection, it is answered, that by tie principles of universal law, a qualified national jurisdiction and immunity extends to the ships of the nation, public and private, wherever they may be. As to

pmblic vessels, this immunity is unquestionable.a And even private vessels, though from the necessity of the casc, subject to the revenue laws of the country where they may be, are yet in many respects exempted from the local jurisdiction. Minor crimes, which do not offend the safety or dignity of the local sovereignty, are usually left to the cognizance of the government to whose subjects the vessel belongs. Nor does this, in the slightest degree, affect the eminent domain and sovereignty of the foreign nation over its harbours and rivers.' But China herself disclaims jurisdiction in such cases, and renvoysthem to the forum of the offending party.c The offence here1 being

a Vattel, L. 1. c. 19. s. 216. The Exchange, 7 Cranch, 116. Case of Nash, alias Robbins, Bee's Adrn. Rep. 266. Vide ArraNDnx, Note 1.
b 2 Bro. Civ. 4- Jdm. Law, 468. 484. M'Gill's case, .1 Dall. 4-27. United States v. Ross, 1 Gallis. 627. United States v. Smith, I Mlason, 147. United States v. Hamilton
1 Mlason, 152. c Sir George Staunton's Translationof the Laws of China, 36.
523. The following extracts from this work were read at the argument, and it is thought their insertion here will not be unacceptable to the learned reader.
Offences committed by foreigners.(*) In general all foreigners who come to submit themselves to the government oi the empire, shall, when guilty of offences, be tried and sentenced according to the established laws. The particular decisions, however, of the tribunal Lee-Fan-Yuen,(1) shall be guided

OF THE UNITED STATES.
committed by a citizen of the United States upon 1020. another citizen, on board a merchant vessel of this U. States
V.
according to regulations framed for the government of the Wiltberger, Mongol tribes.
Note (*)-'This section ofthe code has been expressly quoted by the provincial government of Canton, and applied to the case of foreigners residing there and at Macao for the purposes of trade. The laws of China have never, however, been attempted to be enforced against those foreigners, except with considerable allowances in their favour, although, on the other band, they are restricted and circumscribed in such a manner, that a transgression on their part of any specific article of the laws, can scarcely occur ; at least, not without at the same time implicating and involving in their guilt some of the natives, who thus in most cases become the principal victims of offended justice. The situation of Europeans in China is certainly by no means so satisfactory on the whole as mightbe desired, or even as it may "bereasonably expected to become in the progress of time, unless some untoward circumstance should occur to check the gradual course of improvement. It must be admitted, however, that the extreme contrariety of manners, habits, and language, renders some such arrangement, as that now subsisting for the regulation of the intercourse between the Europeans and the natives, absolutely indispensable, as well as conducive to the interests of both parties.'
Note (t)-''bis tribunal might be stiled the office or deparEment for foreign affairs, but its chief concern is with the tributary and the subject States of Tartary." p. 36.
" The foregoing being thq substance of the report of the viceroy to his imperial majesty, we have deliberated thereon, and have ascertained that, according to the preiminary book of the penal code, all persons from foreign parts committing. Qffences, shall undergo trial, and receive sentence according to the laws of the empire : Moreover, we find it declared in th. same code, that any person accidentally killing another, shipll.be allowed to redeem himself from punishment, bT!the payment of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. country, lying in the waters of a foreign country,
U. States which expressly disclaims jurisdiction of the case, V. it is dispunishable, unless it he punishable in the
Wiltberger. Courts of this country ; and it appears at least questionable, whether there isany constitutional power in Congress to punish it, except in the mode already provided for, as an offence committed on the high seas. This brings us to the 5d objection, which is, that the offence was not committed " on the high seas," within the true intent and meaning of the act of April, 1790. c. 36. s. 12. In answer to this objection, it is insisted, that before the adoption of the present
a fi'e ; lastly, we find, that on the eighth year of Kien-Lung, (1'743,) it was ordered, in reply to the address of the viceroy of Canton, then in office, that thenceforward, in all cases of offences by contrivance, design, or in affrays happening between foreigners and natives, whereby such foreigners are liable, according to law, to suffer death by being strangled or beheaded, the magistrate of the district shall receive the proofs and evidence thereof, at the period of the preliminary investigation, and after having fully, and distiictly inquired into the reality of the circumstances, report the result to the viceroy and sub-viceroy, who are thereupon strictly to repeat and revise the investigation If the determination of the inferior Courts, upon the alleged facts, and upon the application of the laws, is found to have been just and accurate, the magistrate of the district shall, lastly, receive orders to proceed, in conjunction with the chief of the nation, to take the offender to execution, according to his sentence.
" In all other instances of offences committed under what the laws declare to be palliating circumstances, and which are, therefore, not capitally punishable, the offender shall be sent away 'to be punished in his own country. February, 108 " P. 523.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
constitution, the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction 1820. extended every where on tide waters below low wa- U.States ter mark.o The same extension has been given to V. the admiralty jurisdiction under the c;onstitution.b Wiltberger. The opposite argument is founded on the expression
,highseas," as contradistinguished from that portion of the sea, where the tide ebbs and flows, but which is enclosed by head lands, or forms parts of rivers above their mouths. But the celebrated statutes of Richard II., regulating the admiralty jurisdiction, allow the Admiral to have cognizance of things done on the sea, " sur le meer," without the addition of high. The stat. 27 Eliz. uses the expression " main sea." The 28 Hen. VIII. c. 15., concerning the trial of crimes committed within the admiralty jurisdiction, uses the terms, " in and upon the sea, or in any other haven, creek, river, or place, where the Admiral hath, or pretends to have, power, authority, orjurisdiction? :c The act of Congress of 1790. c. 9. uses the terms promiscuously, "high seas (s. 8. s. 9.) " the seas," (s. 10.) "1 the sea," (s. 11.) " high seas and seas," (s. 12.) The term "csea" is water, as contradistinguished from land. The term " high sea," does not necessarily import deep sea; although the classical writers frequently use the correspondent Latin word in that figurative
a See authorities cited, 3 Urheat. 357. Note b. to United States v. Bevans. De Lovio v. Boit, 2 Gallis. 470. Note 47.
b United States v. La Vengeance, 3 Dall. 297. The Sally, e Cranch, 406. The Betsey and Charlotte, 4 Cranch, 443. The Samuel, I Wieat. 9. The Octavia, ib.20.
c See The King v. Bruce, cited 3 J1I'icat. 371. Note a.

CASES IN THL SUPREME COURT

1820. Wilthcrger.

sense; as altum tsquor, altissinum flunen, &c. It
is a common expletive applied, in both languages, to sea," " road," " crime," and many other.things.
The contrary acceptation of the term " high sea,'

would exclude bays, arms of the sea, coves, belts, straits, estuaries, great rivers, and lakes. There is iio other limit to the sea, but that where the tide ceases to ebb and flow, whether on the sea coast, or in bays and rivers. Even the English statutes of Richard II., made to restrict the admiralty jurisdiction, and in derogation of its ancient authority, give it cognizance of murders, &C. committed on board great ships in the streams of great rivers below the first bridges. So the French law gives the admiralty the same jurisdiction, as to rivers, for which we contenda The case of the United States v. Bevans,' does not stand in our way, for the point now in question was not determined in that case.

Mr. Srgeant, contra, stated, that the indictment ia this case, pursuing the words of the act, charges the offence to have been committed upon the " high seas." It is of no consequence what may be the extent of the power given by the constitution to the government of the Union. The question is, to what extent has the power so given been exercised ? It is not necessary, therefore, to inquire whether this was an offence within the admiralty jurisdiction. The only question is, whether it is within the true mean-

a 1 Valin, Com. surl'Ordon. l'ii1.. tit. 2. art. 5.
b 3 WIq7eat. 336.

De la Cwnrrmratc

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ing of the act of Congress.4 The offence in ques- 1s0. tion, if committed at all, was not committed upon the U. States high seas: whether these terms be considered in their V. ordinary sense; as used in foreign authorities of the Wiltberger. law; as employed in acts of Congress; as used in the act in question; or as expounded by our own judicial decisions. 1. The national character of the ship or vessel in which the offience was committed, makes no difference in this case. A public armed vessel is a part of the national sovereign force, clothed with the sovereign character, and wherever she goes entitled to immunity. She is subject only to the jurisdiction of her sovereign, and is a part of his territory ;b is exempt from visitation and search, and governed by such lavws as her sovereign may choose to give her. Tie immunity she enjoys does not depend upon thc civil or admiralty law ; but, like the privilege of an ambassador, or the immunity of troops on their passage, depends upon the law of na-' lions. Every sovereign may refuse admission, but having admitted, is bound to respect. Still, it does not follow, that the Courts of her own country have jurisdiction on board of her. Be this as it may, a private ship has no such immunity. On the oceam she is bound to submit to visitation and search. In port, she is bound to submit to the local jurisdiction, and entitled to the benefit of the laws of the place. Those who are on board of her, incur the obligation
a The United States v. Bevans, 3 W17heat. 336. Sc.. b The Exchange, 7 Cranch, 110" Speech of' Mr. (now Chief Justice) MAIISUALL, in the case of Na.h alias Robbins, APPENDIx. Note I.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'J
1820. of a temporary allegiance, and are, in all respects U. States amenable to the laws of the country in which they
V.- are found; to its penal laws especially. The ocean, Wiltberger. the high seas, are a common domain ; and every ship,
private as well as public, is there upon the territoryof her sovereign; and amenable to no laws, but the laws of her sovereign, and the law of nations. It is from this principle that every nation derives its jurisdiction over the persons on board its ships: the spot they occupy in the common domaiu, is its own territory, and it has a right to give the law to it.a 2. The national character of the offender, or of the person offended, makes no difference. If the crew had all shipped in England, and been English subjects, they would have been equally entitled to protection, and equally amenable to our laws. If, upon the ocean, or high seas, a foreigner had been murdered, his death would have been equally avenged by our laws. If a foreigner on board this ship, had committed an offence, he would equally have been liable. It is not correct, then, to say, that personal jurisdiction is universal, as to citizens; nor that it does in no case extend to foreigners. 3. In the next place, the extent or true nature of the constitutional power is wholly immaterial in this case. That instrument had in view, 1st. To partition powers between the Union and the States; 2dly. To distribute powers among the different branches of the national government. The judicial power, in its exercise, is subordinate and auxiliary to the power of Congress. The whole
a I Sir L. Jenkins' Works, 91.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
jurisdiction has never been exercised. But the prin- 1820. ciple, in its application to the very case, has been de- ku. States cided in the case of the United States v. Bevans.a It V. follows, therefore, that the judicial authority is of no avail, unless there be a corresponding power in Congress; that as the judicial authority is unavailing without a legislative act, it is to the act of Congress alone we must look for the extent of the jurisdiction. When, therefore, the authority of the judiciary is declared to extend to all cases of " admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," it is to be extended only to such cases as Congress have power to provide for. The same power might be exercised through the medium of the State Courts, or omitted altogether. It follows, also, most indubitably, that the powers exercised by Congress, can receive no illustration from the powers given to the judiciary by the constitution; and we are thus happily relieved from the necessity of exploring the distant speculation of the ancient jurisdiction of the admiralty. 4. What, then, is the true meaning of the terms, on the " high seas," as used in the act of Congress ? In their ordinary sense, they mean the open ocean, as distinguished from creeks, rivers, ports, and other bodies of water, inclosed and infra-territorial. The flow of the tide cannot be the true test; for then the sea would flow to the falls of Schuylkill and Delaware, and would comprehend a vessel moored at the wharf. If we refer to the authorities

Vo.. V

S Wheat. 336. 38G. 12

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
u. States V.

of the English law, they are clear and unifora. The common lawyers never at any period denied the admiralty jurisdiction upon the " high seas." The civilians claimed a jurisdiction beyond what was con-
ceded to them by the common lawyers, beyond the " high scas :" in rivers, bays, &c. Thus, the very contest, in its origin, admitted that the "' high seas" were distinguishable from other waters. The statute 13 Richard 11. confined the admiralty to things done upon the " sea." The 15 Richard II. gave it criminal jurisdiction in homicide and mayhem on great rivers, &c.' The 27 Eliz. c. 11. is conclusive of the question.0 Sir Leoline Jenkins makes the distinction expressly, So, also, we have the authority of Lord Hale in many places ;- and all the authorities agree that the divisum imperium is only upon the sea coast. The distinction is also perfectly understood and maintained in our own legislation ; and the act now in question furnishes the clearest recognition of it, as will appear by a comparison of the 8th with the 12th section. In the 8th section, the distinction is made between the " high seas," and 4'a river, haven, basin, or bay." The latter expressions can never, by any fair rule of construction ap-
plied to penal statutes, be transferred from the 8th to the 12th section. In criminal cases, a strict construction is always to be preferred; and if there be

a 4lnst. 136.

b 4 Inst. 137.

c 4 Inst. 137.

d I Life of Sir L. J. 17.

e Hale, De Jure Jlars, c. 4. 2 East's C. L., 304. 2 Hal(

P. C ch.3.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
doubt, that is of itself conclusive. In Bevan's case, 1820. the distinction between the high seas and other enclosed parts of the sea, was not denied by the coun- v. sel for the United States, and the Court do not even Wiltberger. mention it as at all doubtful.a But, it is asked, whether the criminal jurisdiction of the admiralty is not as extensive as the civil ? To which it is answered, that the criminaljurisdiction depends upon the place where the offence is committed; the civil, upon the nature of the subject; and there can, therefore, be no comparison of their extent.
The Attorney General, in reply, insisted, that although penal laws are to be construed strictly, the intention of the legislature must govern in their construction. .If a case be within the intention and reason, it must be considered as within the letter, of the statute. This act having been passed by Congress on the first organization of the government, it must have been their intention to make the exercise of their power co-extensive with their jurisdiction; and to punish all the crimes enumerated, in every place within their jurisdiction. The act must, therefore, be construed so as to engraft the words of the 8th section, descriptive of the place in which murder may be committed, on the 12th section, which describes the place in which manslaughter may be committed. After expressing themselves fully in the previous section as to the places in which one of the crimes intended to be punished by the act must be committed, it was natural that the legislature
a 3 Wicat. 336.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. U. States
V.

should suppose the language engrafted into a subse-
quent section on a subject of the same class. Thus, the 1st section of the act defines the crime of treason, and provides, "that if any person or persons
owing allegiance to the United States of America, shall levy war," &c. "such person or persons shall be adjudged guilty of treason," &c. The 2d section defines misprision of treason, and in specifying the persons who may commit the crime, omits the words " owing allegiance to the United States," and uses without limitation or restriction the general terms "' any person or persons." Yet these general terms were obviously intended to be restrained by the words " owing allegiance to tile United States," which are used in the preceding section. The crimes of murder and manslaughter are kindred offences, and are parts of the same general offence of homicide. Congress must have intended to make the same provision for their punishment, as to the places within which they must be committed in order to give jurisdiction to the Courts of the Union. Thus, the 3d section of the act describes the places on land in which murder must be committed in order to give
those Courts jurisdiction of the offence; and the 7th section describes in tile very same terms the places on land in which manslaughter must be committed in order to give them jurisdiction. Observe the consequences of a contrary construction as to murder alone. The 9th section extends the guilt of the offences enumerated in it to a citizen of the United States committing them under colour of a foreign commission. But this section, in describing

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the place where the offence may be committed, omits 1820. the words " in any river, haven, basin, or bay," and U. States uses the words " high seas" only. It is incredible v. that it was the legislative intention to distinguish be- Wiltbirger. tween the same crime, committed under the pretext of authority by a foreign. commission, on the high seas, and on the waters of a foreign State, or of the United States. So, also, the 10th section provides, "that every person who shall, either upon the land or the seas, knowingly and wittingly aid and- assist, procure, command, counsel, or advise, any person or persons, to do or commit any murder or robbery, or other piracy, aforesaid, upon the seas, which shall affect the life of such person, shall," &c. Here Congress cannot have intended to exempt from punishment those persons who shall be accessaries before the fact to a murder or robbery committed " in a river, haven, basin, or bay,"1&c. A -similar argument is applicable to the 11th section. As to the 12th section, beside the offence of manslaughter, the other offences which it enumerates are all accessorial to those mentioned in the 8th. It is, therefore, evidently connected with the 8th.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court. The indictment in this case is founded on the 12th section of the act, entitled, "1an act for the punishment of certain crimes against the United States." That section is in these words: "And
be it enacted, that if any seaman, or other person, shall commit manslaughter on the high seas, or confederate," &c. "1such person or persons so offending,

Feb. 18ak.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
LStes
V.
Wiltberger.

and being thereof convicted, shall be imprisoned not exceeding three years, and fined not exceeding one thousand dollars."
The jurisdiction of the Court depends on the place

in which the fact was committed. Manslaughter is not punishable in the Courts of the United States, according to the words which have been cited, unless it be committed on the high seas. Is the place described in the special verdict a part of the high seas?
If the words be taken according to the common
understanding of mankind, if they be taken in their popular and received sense, the " high seas," if not in all instances confined to the ocean which washes a coast, can never extend to a river about half a mile wide, and in the interior of a country. This extended construction of the .words, it has been insisted, is
still farther opposed, by a comparison of the 12th with the 8th secti6n of the act. In the 8th section, Congress has shown its attention to the distinction between the "1 high seas," and " a river, haven, basin, or bay." The well known rule that this is a penal statute, and is to be construed strictly, is alsQ urged upon us.
On the part of the United States, the jurisdiction of the Court is sustained, not so much on the extension of the words " high seas," as on that construction of the whole act, which would engraft the words of the 8th section, descriptive of the place in which murder may be committed, on the 12th section, which describes the place in which manslaughter may be committed. This transfer of the words of one section to the other, is, it has been contended. in pursu-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ance of the obvious intent of the legislature ; and in 1820. support of the authority of the Court so to do, cer- u.States tain maxims, or rules for the construction of statutes, V. have been quoted and relied on. It has been said, Wiltberger. that although penal laws are to be construed strictly, the intention of the legislature must govern in their construction. That if a case be within the intention, it must be considered as if within the letter of the statute. So if it be within the reason of the statute.
The rule that penal laws are to be construed strictly, Rcounsetrsucfotiront oei. is perhaps not much less old than construction *itself.penal statnt,.
It is founded on the tenderness of the law for the rights of individuals; and on the plain principle that the power of punishment is vested in the legislative, not in the judicial department. It is the legislature, not the Court, which is to define a crime, and ordain its punishment.
It is said, that notwithstanding this rule, the intention.of the law maker must govern in the construction of penal, as well as other statutes. This is true. But this is not a new independent rule which subverts the old. It is a modification of the ancient maxim, and amounts to this, that though penal laws are to be construed strictly, they are not to be construed so strictly as to defeat the obvious intention of the legislature. The maxim is not to be so applied as to narrow the words of the statute to the exclusion of cases which those words, in their ordinary
acceptation, or in that sense in which the legislature has obviously used them, would comprehend. The intention of the legislature is to be collected from the words they employ. Where there is no ambiguity irt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o. U. States
v.
Wiltberger.

the words, there is no room for construction. The case must be a strong one indeed, which would justify a Court in departing from the plain meaning of words, especially in a penal act, in search of an in-

tention which the words themselves did not suggest.

To determine that a case is within the intention of

a statute, its language must authorise us to say so.

It would be dangerous, indeed, to carry the principle,

that a case which is within the reason or mischief of

a statute, is within its provisions, so far as to punish

a crime not enumerated in the statute, because it is

of equal atrocity, or of kindred character, with those

which are enumerated. If this principle has ever

been recognized in expounding criminal law, it has

been in cases of considerable irritation, which it

would be unsafe to consider as precedents forming a

general rule for other cases.

The escription of place contained in the 8th section of the act of 17110, C.36., is
nraotte.do iinntcoorpthoe.
12th section, as to give the Courts of the Unionjuriodic-
slao,, orn.-
mnitted in a f-
reiintrnoetiraivtehre,
bigh.tes.

Baving premised these general observations, the Court will proceed to the examination of the act, in order to determine whether the intention to in-
corporate the description of place contained in the 8th section, into the 12th, be so apparent as to justify the Court in so doing. It is contended, that
throughout the act the description of one section is full, and is necessarily to be carried into all the other sections which relate to place, or to crime.

The Ist section defines the crime of treason, and

declares, that if any person or persons owing alle-

giance to the United States of America shall levy

war,) &c. "such person or persons shall be adjudged

guilty of treason," &c. The second section defines

misprision of treasou ; and in the description of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

persons who may commit it, omits the words 11owing 1820. allegiance to the United States," and uses without ". st limitation, the general terms " any person or per- V. sons." Yet, it has been said, these general terms were obviously intended to be limited, and must be limited, by the words "owing allegiance to the United States," which are used in the preceding section.
It is admitted, that the general terms of the 2d

section must be so limited; but it is not admitted, that the inference drawn from this circumstance, in favour of incorporating the words of one section of this act into another, is a fair one. Treason is a breach of allegiance, and can be committed by him only who owes allegiance either perpetual or temporary. The words, therefore, " owing allegiance to

the United States." in the first section, are entirely surplus words, which do not, in the slightest degree,

affect its sense. The construction would be precisely the same were they omitted. When, therefore, we give the same construction to the second section, we do not carry those words into it, but construe it

as it woull be construed independent of the first.

There is, too, in a penal statute, a difference between

restraining general words, and enlarging particular

words. The crimes of murder and of manslaughter, it

has been truly said, are kindred crimes; and there is much reason for supposing, that the legislature in-

tended to make the same provision for the jurisdiction of its Courts, as to the place in which either might be committed. In illustration of this positior, the 3d and 7th sections of the act have been cited.

VOL. V.

13

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
U.aStates
v.
Wiltberger.

The 3d section describes the places in which murder on land may be committed, of which the Courts of the United States may take cognizance; and the 7th section describes, in precisely the same terms,

the places on land, if manslaughter be committed in whichb, the offender may be prosecuted in the federal Courts.
It is true, that so far as respects place, the words of the 3d sectioii concerning murder, are repeated in the 7th, and applied to manslaughter ; but this circumstance suggests a very different inference from that which has been drawn from it. When the legislature is about to describe the places in which manslaughter, cognizable in the Courts of the United States, may be committed, no reference whatsoei,er is made to a prior section respecting murder; but the description is as full and ample, as if the prior section had not been in the act. This would rather justify the opinion, that in proceeding to manslaughter, the legislature did not mean to refer us to the section on murder for a description of the place in which the crime might be committed, but did mean to give us a full description in the section on that subject.
So, the 6th section, which punishes those who have knowledge of the commission of murder, or other felony, describes the places on land in which the murder is to be committed, to constitute the crime, with the same minuteness which had been before employed in the 3d, and was, afterwards, employed in the 7th section.
In the 8th section, the legislature takes up the sub-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ject of murder, and other felonies, committed on the 1820. water, and is full in the description of place. "1If any U. States person or persons, shall commit upon the high seas.2WiltbVer.ger. or in any river, haven, basin or bay, out of the jurisdiction of any particular State, murder," &c.
The 9th section of the act applies to a citizen who shall commit any of the offences described in the 8th section, against the United States, or a citizen thereof, under colour of a commission from any foreign Prince or State.
It is observable, that this section, in its description of place, omits the words, ",in any river, haven, basin, or bay," and uses the words " high seas" only. It has been argued, and, we admit, with great force, that in this section the legislature intended to take from a citizen offending against the United States, under colour of a commission from a foreign power, any pretence to protection from that commission; and it is almost impossible to believe that there could have been a deliberate intention to distinguish between the same offence, committed under colour of such commission, on the high seas, and on the waters of a foreign State, or of the United States, out of the jurisdiction of any particular State. This would unquestionably have been the operation of the section, had the words, "on the high seas," been omitted. Yet it would be carrying construction very far to strike out those words. Their whole effect is to limit the operation which the sentence would have without them; and it is making very free with legislative language, to declare them'totally useless, when they are sensible, and are calculated to have a de-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
U. States
WTiltb--erger.

cided influence on the meaning of the clause. That
case is not directly before us, and we may perhaps be relieved from ever deciding it. For the present purpose, it will be sufficient to say, that the determi-
nation of that question in the affirmative, would not, we think, be conclusive with respect to that now under consideration. The 9th section refers express.. ly, so far at least as respects piracy or robbery, to the 8th; and its whole language shows that its sole object is to render a citizen who offends against the United States or their citizens, under colour of a foreign commission, punishable in the same degree as if no such commission existed. The clearness with which this intent is manifested by the language of the whole section, might perhaps justify a latitude of construction which would not be allowable where the intent is less clearly manifested ; where we are to be guided, not so much by the words in which the provision is made, as by our opinion of the reasonableness of making it.
But here, too, it cannot escape notice, that the legislature has not referred for a description of the place to the preceding section, but has inserted a description, and by that insertion has created the whole difficulty of -the case.
The 10th section declares the punishment of accessories before the fact. It enacts, " that every person who shall either upon the land or the seas, knowingly and wittingly, aid and assist, procure, command, counsel, or advise any person or persons to do or commit any murder or robbery, or other piracy,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

aforesaid, upon the seas, which shall affect the life is20.

of such persons, shall," &c.

U-.State

Upon this section, also, as on the preceding, it has been argued, that the legislature cannot have intended Wiltberger.

to exclude from punishment those who shallbe acces-

sories before the fact to a murder or robbery committed

" in a river, haven, basin, or bay, out of the jurisdic-

tion of any State ;" and now, as then, the argument

has great weight. But it is again to be observed,

that the legislature has not referred for a description

of place to any previous parts of the law, but has

inserted a description, and by so doing, has materi-

ally varied the obvious sense of the section. " Every

person who shall, either upon the land or the'-seas,

knowingly and wittingly aid," &c. The probabi-

lity is, that the legislature designed to punish all per-

sons amenable to their laws, who should, in any

place, aid and assist, procure, command, counsel, or

advise, any person or persons to commit any murder

or piracy punishable under the act. And such would

have been the operation of the sentence, had the

words, " upon the land or the seas" been omitted.

But the legislature has chosen- to describe the place

,where the accessorial offence is to be committed, and

has not referred to a description contained in any other

part of the act. The words are, "1upon the land or

the seas." The Court cannot reject this description.

If we might supply the&words " river, haven," &c.

because they are stated in the 8th section, must we

supply "fort, arsenal," &c. which are used in the

3d section, describing the place in which murder

may be committed on land ? In doing so, we should

102

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
kwe
U. States
V.
Wiltberger.

probably defeat the will of the legislature. Yet if depart from the description of place given in
the section, in which Congress has obviously intended to describe it, for the purpose of annexing to the
word " seas," the words "river, haven, basin, or bay," found in the 8th section, there would be at least some appearance of reason in the argument, which would require us to annex also to the word " land,"
the words "fort, arsenal," &c. found in the 3d
section. After describingthe place in which the "aid, assist-
ance, procurement, command, counsel, or advice,11 must be given, in order to give to the Courts of the United States jurisdiction over the offence, the legislature proceeds to describe the crime so to be commanded or procured, and the place in which such crime must be committed. The crime is, "any murder or robbery, or other piracy, aforesaid." The place is ",upon the seas."
In this section, as in the preceding, had the words
"upon the seas" been omitted, the construction would have been that which, according to the argument on the part of the United States, it ought now to be. But these words are sensible and are material. They constitute the description of place which the legislature has chosen to give us ; and Courts cannot safely vary that description, without some sure guide to direct their way.
The observations made on this section apply so precisely to the 1 th, that they need not be repeated.
The legal construction of those sections is doubtful, and the Court is not now, and may perhaps ne-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

103

ver be, required to make it. It is sufficient to say, 1820. that should it even be such as the Attorney General U. states contends it ought to be, the reasons in favour of that V.
not apply conclusively to the 12th Wltberger. construction do section. They both contain a direct reference to the 8th section. They describe accessorial offences, which from their nature are more intimately connected with the principal offence, than distinct crimes are with each other.
The 12th section takes up the crime of manslaughter, which is not mentioned in the 8th ; and, without any reference to the 8th, describes the place in which it must be committed, in order to give jurisdiction to the Courts of the United States. That place is "'on the high seas." There is nothing in this section which can authorize the Court to take jurisdiction of manslaughter committed elsewhere.
To prove the connection between this section and the 8th, the attention of the Court has been directed to the other offences it recapitulates, which are said to be accessorial to those enumerated in the 8th. They are admitted to be accessorial ; but the Court draws a different inference from this circumstance. Manslaughter is an independent crime distinct from murder, and the legislature annexes to the offence, a description of the place in which it must be committed in order to give the Court jurisdiction. The same section then proceeds to enumerate certain other crimes which are accessorial in their nature, without any descrip-
tion of places. To manslaughter, the principal crime, the right to punish which depends on the place in which it is committed, Congress has annexed a description of place. To the other crimes enu-

104

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. U. States
V.-

merated in the same section, which are accessorial in
their nature, and some of which at least may be committed any where, Congress has annexed no description of place. The conclusion seems irresistible,
that Congress has not in this section inserted the limitation of place inadvertently ; and the distinction which the legislature has taken, must of course be respected by the Court.
It is the object of the law, among other things, to pu-. nish murder and manslaughter, on land, in places within the jurisdiction of the United States ; and also to punish murder and manslaughter, committed on the ocean. The two crimes of murder and manslaughter, when committed on land, are described in two distinct sections, as two distinct offences; and the descriptiork of place in the one section, is complete in itself, and makes no reference to the description of place in the other. The crimes of murder and manslaughter, when committed on water, are also described as two distinct offences, in two sections, each containing a description of the place in which the offence may be committed, without any reference in the one section to the other. That section which affixes the punishment to manslaughter on the seas, proceeds to describe other offences which are accessorial in their nature, without any limitation of place. In every section throughout the act, describing a crime, the right to punish which depends on place, and in some instances where the right of punishment does not depend upon place, the legislature has, without any reference to a preceding section, described the place in which it must be committed, in order to bring the offender within the act. This characteristic feature

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the law now to be expounded, deserves great con- 182o. sideration, and affords a powerful reason for restrain- U. States. ing the Court from annexing to the description con- W . tamined in one section, parts 'of the description con-. tained in another. From this review of the examination made of the act at the bar, it appears that the argument chiefly relied on, to prove that the words of one section descriptive of the place ought to be incorporated into another, is the extreme improbability that Congress could have intended to make those differences with respect to place, which their words import. We admit that it is extremely improbable. But probability is not a guide which a court, in construing a penal statute, can safely take. We can conceive no reason why other crimes which are not comprehended in this act, should not be punished. But Congress has not made them punishable, and this Court cannot enlarge the statute.
After giving the subject an atfentive consideration, we are unanimously of opinion, that the offence charged in this indictment is not cognizable in the Courts of the United States; which opinion is to be certified to the Circuit Court for the district of Pennsylvania.

CERTIFICATE. This cause came on to be heard

on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for the district of Pennsylvania, and on the question on which the Judges of that Court were divided,

and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, the .Court is of opinion, that manslaughter com-

mitted in a river such as the river Tigris is described

VOL. V.

14

7101

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. to be, is not punishable by the laws of the United N " States and that the Circuit Court of the United
U. States
V. States, for the district of Pennsylvania, has no jurisWiltberger. diction over the offence. All which is ordered to be

certified to the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Pennsylvania."

a The Constitution of the United States declares, that the judicial power of the Union shall extend, (among other things,) -1to all cases of admiraltyand maritimejurisdiction;" and this Court has determined, that the power thus granted belongs exclusively to the Courts of the United States. (Martin v. Hunter, ante, vol. 1. p. 333. 337.) It is not the purpose of this note to consider what cases- of a civil nature are properly included within the terms, " cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction." As to the criminal jurisdiction of the admiralty, there is no doubt that it is defined by local limits ; and in order to ascertain these: it becomes necessary to inquire into the ex-
tent of the admiralty jurisdiction of England, from which ours was derived, as that was from the maritime States on the continent of Europe.
Both in England and the other countries of Europe, the Court of Admiralty is a branch which has sprung from that ancient and venerable stock, the office of admiral. The etymology of the word serves to indicate the origin of the office, and the time when it was introduced, at least under that name, into Europe. ThA word admiral or ammiral, is doubtless derived from the Arabic word emir or amira, signifying a general officer or commander in chief, dominum v-el prcefectum. (Du Cange. Glossary. Verbo .Admiralius. In the time of the crusades, by means of which so many oriental usages were brought into the west of Europe, it was introduced into France as the title of a commander in chief, either of land or sea forces. Accordingly, we find that the office, with that title, was unknown until the third, race of French kings, under Charles IV., about the end of the thirteenth century, and it appeared in England about the same period in the reign of Edward I. After the term thus came to be exclusively applied to the commander in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

107

chief of naval forces in France, the station was filled with several illustrious characters, and in the scale of civil and military dignities ranked immediately after the office of constable.
The person who filled this high station had jurisdiction by him-

I8o.
'-v"
U. States
V.
Wiltberger.

self or his deputies, of all crimes and offences committed on the sea, its port, harbours, and shores. (ValiS. CoM. 3ur l'Or-

don. 1. 1. tit2.. art. 10. De la Competence.)

In England, the office subsisted with the same title of high

admiral, until the reign of Charles II., when it was filled by his

brother, the Duke of York, (afterwards James II.) who being

excluded from office as a Catholic by the test act in 1673, it was.

executed by commissioners, with the same power and authority

as belonged to the Lord High Admiral : and since the acces-

sion of the house of Hanover, the office has also been vested

in commissioners, who are styled the Lords Commissioners of

the Admiralty. But the king is said-still to hold, for certain pur-

poses, the office of Lord High Admiral, though in a capacity distinguishable from his regal character; a distinction of prac-

tical importance in the law of prize, but immaterial to the present purpose. The judge of the High Court of Admiralty ilk

England formerly held his place by patent from the Lord High Admiral, but since that office has only existed in contemplation of

law, he holds it by direct commission from the crown. The an-

cient criminal jurisdiction of the Court was modified by the statute of the 28th of Henry VIII. c. 15. which enacted-, that.offences upon the seas, and in havens, rivers, &c. should be tried by.

the admiral or his deputy, and-three or four more, among .whom

two common law judges are. usually appointed, the'judge-of.the

High Court of Admiralty presiding. (2 B 'o. Ci,. and Adm. Law, 458.) IaScotlan&, the Court ish-eld before the delegate of the-

High Admiral-, who may also name other-inferior local depu-

ties, and who is declared to, be the king's Justice General upon the seas, or fresh water within flood and mark, and in- all har-

bours and creeks. (2 Bro. Ci-. and M1dm. Law. 30.).

This remarkable conformity between the origin, history, an&-

nature of the Courts of Admiralty in France and Great Britain,

renders it highly probable that their jurisdiction, both civil and?

criminal, however it may have been shifted frona. its ancien,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. foundations, was originally the same; and this supposition deSrives additional strength from the manner in which the history'
U. States of the two countries is blended together during the middle .
Wiltberger. ages, and from the circumstance of both having derived their maritime institutions from the shores of the Mediterranean. There appears to be no question, that the admiralty jurisdiction of England originally extended to all crimes and offences committed upon the sea, and in all ports, rivers, and arms of the sea, as far as the tide ebbs and flows. This is established by the ancient inquisitions, the records of which still remain in the black book of the admiralty, and by the articles given in charge at the admiralty sessions, as early as the reign of Edward III. (Clerk's Praxis. Rougton's articles, passim. Exton, c. 11, 12, 13. Selden, de Dom. Afar. 1. 2. c. 24. p. 209.) But
Lord Coke, in 4 Inst. 135. et seq. after admitting, that the admiralty had jurisdiction of all things done upon the sea, endeavours to establish the doctrine, that the sea, ex vi termini, did not include any navigable waters within the body of any county of the realm; and for proof of this, he mainly relies on certain authorities in Fitzherbert'sAbridgment, (Xvowry, 192.
Corone, 699.) which, when carefully considered, will not support his position. The hostility of Lord Coke to the admiralty, and indeed to every other jurisdiction rivalling the com-
mon law Courts, is well known; and Mr. Justice Buller has observed, that " with respect to what is said relative to the admiralty jurisdiction in 4 Inst. 135. that part of Lord Coke's work has been always received with great caution, and frequently contradicted. He seems to have entertained not only a jealousy of, but an enmity against, that jurisdiction." All the authorities cited by Lord Coke, will be satisfactorily disposed of upon the supposition (which Lord Hale asserts to be the fact,) that before the thirty-fifth year of Edward III. the common law exercised, even upon the narrow seas, as well as in ports and havens within the ebb and flow of the tide, a concurrent jurisdiction with the admiralty. (2 Hale's, P. C. 13. etseg.) Neither does the case itself in Fitz. Atbr. Corone, 399. 8 Edw. 2. warrant Lord Coke's assertion. Stanton, J. is there reported to bave said, that it is not an arm of the sea where a man can see

OF THE UNITED STATES.

what is done on the one side of the water and the other; and 1820.

that the coroner, in such cases, shall exercise his jurisdiction

there. This dictum, taken literally, cannot be considered as U. States

law,

for

in the

year books (22 Assisarum,

93.)

it

is

expressly

V.
Wiltberger.

held, that every water which flows and reflows, is called an

arm of the sea, so far as it flows. "1Que chescun ewe, queflow et

reflow, estappelle bras de mer cy tantauntcome el flowe." The

same doctrine is quoted and confirmed by Lord Hale, who

states, that the sea is either that which lies within the body of

a county, or without; and that an arm or branch of the sea

which lies within the fauces terre, where a man may reasona'-

bly discern between shore and shore, is, or at least may be,

within the body of a county. (Hale, De J.ure Mar. c. 4. p. 10.)

So that there is the strongest reason to question Lord Coke's

authority in this respect, and to adhere to the evidence furnish-

ed by the records of the admiralty, of its ancient jurisdiction in

ports and havens within the ebb and flow of the tide.

How far this ancient jurisdiction has been altered by statutes,

is another question. The statute 13 Richard II.c. 5. enacts,

" that the admirals, and their deputies, shall not meddle hence-

forth of any thing done within the realm, but only of a thing.

done upon the sea, according as it hath been duly used in the

-time of the noble King Edward, (III.) grandfather of our Lord

the King that now is." The statute 15 Richard II. c. 3. enacts,

"that of all manner of contracts, pleas and quereles, and of all

other things done, or arising within the bodies of counties, as

well by land as by water, and also of wreck of the sea, the

Admiral's Court shall have no manner of cognizance, power,

nor jurisdiction ; but all manner of contracts, pleas and que-

reles, and all other things rising within the bodies of counties,

as well by land as by water, as afore, and also wreck of the

sea, shall be tried, determined, discussed, and remedied, by the

laws of the land, and not before, or by the admiral, nor his

lieutenants, in any wise. Nevertheless, of the death of a man,

and of a maihem done in great ships, being hovering on the

main stream of great rivers, only, beneath the bridges of the

same rivers nigh to the sea, and in none other places of the

same rivers, the admiral shall have cognizance; and also, to

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
-
U. States v.
Wihberger.

arrest ships in the great flotes for the great voyages of the King, and of the realm ; saving always to the King all manner of forfeitures and profits thereof coming and be shall also
n have jurisdiction upon the said flotes during the said voyages,
only saving always to the lords, cities, and boroughs, their liberties and franchises." The true limit of the admiralty jurisdiction under these statutes was long a subject of angry contention between the civilians and the common lawyers. But it is admitted on all sides, that on the main or high seas, (which, as
Blackstone states, begin at the low water mark, (I Bl. Comm. 110.) the admiralty has jurisdiction exclusive of the common law; and that, between high water mark and low water mark, where the sea ebbs and flows, (which is technically the shore of the sea, or littus maris,) (Hale de Jure Jar.c. 4. p. 12.) the
common law and'the admiralty have a divided empire (divisum imperium) or alternate jurisdiction, one upon the water when it is full sea, the other upon the land, when it is an ebb. (I Bl. Comm. 11 0. Constable's case, 5 Co. Rep. 106, 107. Barber v. Whanton, 2 Lord Ragm. 1452. 2 East's P. C. 803. 4 Bl. Comm. 268.) Upon the sea coast, therefore, it is incontestible, that the body of every county bordering on such coast, is bounded by the shore of the sea, and at no time extends below low water mark.
But what constitutes the boundary of counties bordering orr arms of the sea, and navigable rivers, is a question concerning
which great differences of opinion have been expressed. It has been strenuously insisted by the judges of the admiralty, that, notwithstanding the statutes of Richard, the admiralty still continues to possess jurisdiction in all ports, havens, and rivers, where the sea ebbs and flows, below the first bridges. (1 Sir L. Jenlins' Life, xcii. Exton, b. 2. c. 3. et seq. Zouch, 92.) And Sir
Henry Spelman adopts the same opinion. (Spelm. Reliq. 226.) The ground of this opinion is, that the same rule exists
at the common law in respect to the bounds of counties on navigable waters and arms of the sea as is applied by the same law to the sea coast, viz. that they are limited by the ebb and flow of the tide ; and that the statute of Richard was in-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
lenaed no further to restrict the admiralty, than as to crimes 1820. committed above the first bridges. (1 Sir L. Jenkins' Life, Mcii. Exton, c. 10. to 20. Zouch, 92.) And it cannot be denied, that V. U. States the agreement of the twelve judges in 1632, (cited at large, Wiltberger. ante, vol. III. p. 365. Note a.) strongly countenances this pretension. In Rex v. Soleguard (Aindrew's Rep. 231.) also, Sir Edmund Isham cited an opinion delivered as recently as 1713, on a reference to all the judges, in which ten of them (against Ward, C. B. and Gould, J.) held, " that the admiralty bath a jurisdiction in all great navigable riversfrom the bridges to the sea." And in that case, the Court did not deny the jurisdiction, but founded their judgment upon a supposed concurrent jurisdiction of the common law. On the other hand, Lord Coke, principally on the authority of the two cases before cited, (4 Inst. 140. Fitz. br. Avorwry, 192. and Corone, 399.) maintains that the bodies of counties comprehend all navigable waters where persons can see from one side to the other; or rather, as other authorities, with more accuracy, state it, the point, where a man standing on one side of the land, may see what is done on the other side. (Hawkins' P. C. c. 9. s. 14. 2 East, P. C. 804.) Lord Hale appears to speak with great doubt and hesitation on this subject, merely asserting that " an arm or branch of the sea, where a man may reasonablydiscern between shore and shore, is, or at least may be, within the body of a county." And it may fairly be inferred as well from this cautious expression, as from his commentary on the statute of the 28th Hen. VIIL.-c. 15. (2 Hale's P. C. 16, 17.) that Lord Hale was not satisfied with Lord Coke's exposition of the common law boundary of counties. The whole question, however, became
in a great degree unimportant in England after the enactment of the statute of the 28 Hen. VIII. c. 15. which gave to the High Commission Court, (of which the admiral or his deputy is the presiding judge,) cognizance of " all treasons, felonies, robberies, murders and confederacies committed in or upon the sea, or in any other haven, river, creek, or place, where the admi-
ralor admiralshave, or pretend to have, jurisdiction." In the exposition of this statute, Lord Hale says, " this seems to me to extend to great rivers where the sea flows and reflows below

1 12

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
* U. States V.
Wiltberger.

the first bridges, and also, in creeks of the sea at full water, where the sea flows and reflows, and upon high water upon the shore, though these possibly be within the body of the
country, for there at least by the statute of 15 Rich. II. they [the admirals] have a jurisdiction ; and thus accordingly it has been held at all times even when the Judges of the common law have been named, and sat in the commission; but we are not to extend the words (pretend to have) 'to such a pretence as is without any right at all ; and, therefore, although the admiral pretend to have jurisdiction upon the shore, when the tide is reflowed, yet he bath no cognizance of a felony committed there." (2 Hale's P. C. 16, 17.) This construction of the statute, in opposition to Lord Coke's, was solemnly adopted in a very recent case by the twelve judges; and sentence of death accordingly passed .,pon the prisoner upon a conviction under the statute. (Rex v. Bruce, 2 Leach's C. C 1093. 4th Ed. cited at large, ante, vol. III. p. 371. Note a.) Sir Leoline Jenkins, in his charge given at the Admiralty Sessions at the Old Bailey, speaking of the commission given to the Judges under the statute, says: " But the commission itself explains the word (pretend) in a more particular manner in directing the idquiry to be of things done, not only upon the sea, and in havens, creeks, and rivers, as in the statute, but also in all places whatsoever within the flowing of the water, to the full sea mark; and in all great rivers from those bridges downwards that are next the sea: which words, being in the commission, are the best comment upon the statute, it having so often passed the great seal in these last seven score years, under the view and approbation of so many Lords Chancellors and Keepers, and of so many Attorney Generals, men of the greatest eminency in the laws of the land, so that the words of the statute, and the commission, being taken together, do not only ascertain the power of this Court to hear and determine offences done in all, or any of those places, but do also declare all, and every of the places themselves, to be within the jurisdiction of the admiralty; for otherwise, the jurisdiction of the commissioners since the statute, would be of larger extent, and in more places than the jurisdiction of the Admiral was before the sta-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

11s

tute, which *ift is clear was not intended by the law makers." 1820.

(ISir L. Jenkins, xci.) But where such havens, creeks, and ri- U.States

vers, &c. are within the body of a county, it seems now gene-

V.

rally agreed, that the Courts of Common Law have a concurrent Wiltberger..

jurisdiction over the same offences. (2 Hale's P. C. 15. 16.

Rex v. Bruce, 2 Leach's C. C. 1093, 4th ed.)

Supposing, however, Lord Coke's view of this matter to be

correct, the limits of a ccunty .vvistlilll be confined to places in

rivers, creeks, and arms of the sea, which are so narrow as

that a person on one side can reasonably discern and attest

upon oath any thing done on the other side ; for the reason as-

signed for this rule of limitation is, that the pais may there

come and take inquisition of the facts. (4 Inst. 140. 2 East's

P. C. 804.) And, in England, the Admiralty bath by the ex-

press provisions of the statute 15 Rich. 11. c. 3. cognizance

of every description of homicide and mayhem, " happening in

great ships being and hovering in the main stream of great

rivers below the bridges of the same rivers, which, (as Black-

stone observes,) are then a sort of port or haven ; such (to

use his own illustration,) as are the ports of London and Glou-

cester, though they lie at a great distance from the sea, (4 Bl.

Comm. 268.) and though they he within the body of a coun-

ty. (2 Hale's P. C. 16.)

But it is certainly very questionable how far the statutes of

Richard I. are to be considered as restrictive of the grant of

admiralty and maritime jurisdiction contained in the constitution

of the United States. These statutes were never designed to

apply to the colonies, for at that time the colonies did not exist;

and in point of fact, the admiralty jurisdiction in the colonies

has always depended entirely upon-the royal commission, and

upon acts of parliament expressly extending to them. Hence,

the colonial Vice Admiralty Courts have constantly exercised

jurisdiction in many cases, such as revenue cases, of which the

High Court of Admiralty in England has not recently taken

jurisdiction. I say, recently, because it seems that formerly

the Admiralty in England did take jurisdiction of the breaches

of the navigation laws, and other laws of trade; either by the

express provisions of those statutes, or in virtue of its original

VOL. V.

15

114

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT"

1820. maritime jurisdiction. (I Sir L. Jenkins' Life, lxxii. xcv. et seq. U. States -2 SirL. J. p. 745. 746.) But it appears that the colonial Vice
V. Admiralty Courts have uniformly exercised a jurisdiction over Wiltberger. revenue cases upon their original inherent powers by virtue of
their commissions, independent of any statute. (See a case cited in the Fabius, 6 Rob. 245,) Beside the restrictions contained in the statutes of 13 and 15 Rich. 11. as to criminal jurisdiction, are purely arbitrary, and 'cannot be considered as declaratory of the pre-existing law. What reason is there why the Admiralty should have jurisdiction of homicide and mayhem in 'rivers, ports, and creeks of the sea, and not of other crimes in the same places ? Such a limitation has no foundation in the ancient constitution of the Court, and never at any time existed independent of the statute. It is also a well established rule in the construction of English statutes, that they are not to be considered as extending to the colonies, unless included by express words, or by inevitable implication; (1 Bl. Comm. 107, 108.) and it cannot be pretended, that the colonies are within the purview or the word,. of the statutes of the 13 and 15 Richard II. Why, then, should they be considered as extending to the colonies, which did not then exist, any more than to Scotland, which was not then united to the crown. but in which country the Admiralty still retains its ancient jurisdiction undiminished ?
The commissions issued by the crown to the Vice Admiralty
Courts in the colonies, were entirely inconsistent with the limitations imposed upon the Admiralty in England. One of the latest, which is probably copied from the others, is that issued to the Governor of New Hampshire, in 6 Geo. 1Il. It empowers him" to take cognizance of, and proceed in, all causes, civil and maritime, and in complaints, contracts, ofences or suspected offences, crimes, pleas, debts, exchanges, accounts, charter parties, agreements, suits, trespasses, inquiries, extortions, and demands, and all business, civil and maritime, whatsoever, &c. throughout all and every the sea shores, public streams, ports, fresh waters, rivers, creeks, and arms, as well of the sea, as of the rivers and coasts, whatsoever, of the province, &c. and territories dependent thereon, and maritimeports, whatsoever of the same, and thereto adjacent;" and in this commission

OF THE UNITED STATES.

115

those places are referred to as within " our maritime jurisdic- 1820. ion." (De Lovio v. Boit, 2 Gallis. 470. Note 47.) It seems highly probable that the expression " maritime jurisdiction," in U. States
V.
the constitution, was borrowed from the language of those corn- Wiltberger. missions, and was introduced ex abundanti cautela, and superadded to the term " admiralty," in order to obviate any doubt as to the full extent of the authority meant to be conferred. I Indeed it has already been, in effect, decided by this Court, that the statutes of Richard are not in-force in the United States, as limitations of the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction granted in the constitution. By the judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. s. 9. seizures under laws of impost, navigation, and trade, on waters navigable from the sea by vessels of ten or more tons burthen, as well as seizures on the high seas, are expressly included in the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction of the District Courts. It is evident that Congress could not give the District Courts, acting as Courts of Admiralty, cognizance of any causes which were not " of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," within'
the true meaning of the constitution ; because, it would deprive the parties of their constitutional right of trial by jury. The objection was, therefore, very early taken, that seizures in ports, and in such navigable waters, as above stated, were not causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, because those places were not, according to the common law interpretation in England of the statutes of Richard II. within the jurisdiction of the admiralty. But this Court has repeatedly overruled the objection, (La Vengeance, 3 Dall. 297. The Sally, 2 Cranch, 406. The Betsey and Charlotte, 4 Cranch, 443. The Samuel, Xlnte, vol. I. p. 9. The Octavia, lb. p. 20.) and thereby established the doctrine that the constitutional admiraltyjurisdiction includes ports, arms, and creeks of the sea, as far as the tide ebbs and flows.
The learned reader will observe, that this position is not dis-
turbed by the decision of this Court in the case in the text, (The U. S. v. Wiltberger,) or by that of the United States v. Bevans; (Ante, vol. II. p. 336. 387.) the only question in those cases being, not what was the constitutional authority of Congress, but how farit had been exercised; not what was the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. IV'Clung
V. C' Ross.

extent of the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction granted in the

Sconstitution,

but how far it had been conferred by Congress

upon any particular Court of the Union.

(LOCAL LAW.)
M'CLUNG V. Ross.
Under the laws of Tennessee, where lands are sold by a summary pro. ceeding for the payment of taxes, it is essential to the validity of the sale, and of the deed made thereon, that every fact necessary to Xive the Court jurisdiction should appear upon the record.
Under the statute of limitations of Tennessee, the running of the statute can only be stopped by actual suit, if the party claiming under it has peaceable possession for seven years. But such a possession cannot exist if the party having the better right takes actual possession in pursuance of his right.
Onetenant'in common may oust his co-tenant, and hold in severalty; buta silent possession, unaccompanied with any act amounting to an ouster, or giving notice to the co-tenant that his possession is adverse, cannot be construed into an adverse possession.
Feb. loLh. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Williams" for the plaintiff in error, and by the Attorney- General, and Mr. F. Jones,' for the defendant.
a He cited 2 Tenn. Rep. 44. 218. 186. 365. 358. 242. 1 Tenn. Rep. 362. 467. 545. 1 Hayw. Rep. 24. 62. 65. 95. 2 Hayw. Rep. 80. 3 Mass. Rep. 379. 2 Tidd's Pract.936. 2 Binney, 223. 329. 1 Binney, 40. 4 Dall. 226. 1 Wash. Rep. 313. 9 Johns. Rep. 58. 179.
b They cited 1 Tenn. Rep. 119. 126. 436. 2 Tenn. Rep. 40t 5 Hayw. Rep. 294. 1 Hayw. 176. 4 Wheat. 77.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1sn. district of Georgia, and on the farther proof exhibited The London in this cause, and was argued by counsel. On con-
racket. sideration whereof, it is DECREED and ORDERED, that the decree of the Circuit Court for the district of Georgia in this case, condemning the cargo of the ship Venus, be, and the same is, hereby reversed and annulled. And this Court, proceeding to pass such decree as the said Circuit Court should have passed, it is further DECREED and ORDERED, that the said cargo of the ship Venus be restored to the claimant; and it is further decreed, that the said claimant pay to the libellants the costs and expenses incurred in the prsecution of this suit.
(PRIZE.)
The LONDON PACKE.-Merino, Claimant.
A question of proprietary interest on farther proof. Restitution decreed, with costs and expenses to be paid by the claimant.
In general, the circumstance ofgoods being found on board an enemy's ship raises a legal presumption that they are enemy's property.
THis was the claim of a Spanish subject, to a parcel of hides laden on board of the London Packet, a British ship, at the port of Buenos Ayres, in South America, in the month of June, 1813. The London Packet, on her voyage to London, was captured by the private armed brig the Argus, and carried

OF THE UNITED STATES.
into Boston for adjudication. On beinglibelled in the 182o. District Court as prize of war, the consul of his The London Catholic Majesty filed a claim for the property in .,Paokot. question in favour of Don Jeronimo Merino, a Spanish subject. The District Court condemned the vessel and the whole of the cargo, except these hides, which were restored to the claimant, the Court being satisfied there was not such proof of enemy's property therein, as to authorize a decree of condemnation. For the ship and residue of the cargo no claim was interposed. From this decree, as to the hides, there was an appeal by the captors to the Circuit Court, where the same was reversed. The Court, although it reversed the sentence which had been pronounced .below, expressed its entire satisfaction as to the national character and domicil of the claimant, and .that the hides had been originally shipped by him; but condemned the property, because, on the order for farther proof, no affidavit had been offered, either of the claimant or his confidential agent, or clerk, of his interest in the cargo at the time of the shipment. It was considered, that the'absence of such a document, so universally expected and required by prize tribunals, unavoidably threw a suspicion over the cause, and being wholly unaccounted for, it atithorized a belief that there had been a voluntary, if not a studied omission on the claimant' part. At the same term in which the. sentence of reversal -was. pronounced, but not until after such sentence wag known, the affidavit of the claimant, which had been received since the last adjournment of the Court, was produced by the Spanish Consul, with a petition

13,4

CASES IN THE SUPREIME COURT

1820. that the decree might be rescinded, for the purpose

'eodo The London

of

admitting

it

into

the

case,

or

that

the

same might

Packet. be so far opened, for the consideration of the Court,

as to make the affidavit of Merino a part of the evi-

dence therein, so as to accompany the other testimo-

ny in the appeal to this Court. Upon this applica-

tion the Circuit Court ordered, that the affidavit should be received by the clerk, and sent up with

the other papers de bene esse, subject to the direc-

tions of this Court. The affidavit had been taken

on an order below for farther proof, but had not been

received, as has been stated, when the decree of con-

demnation was pronounced.a

Mr. Webster and Mr. Pitman, for the captors, argued, that it was a well-settled principle in the Prize Court, that the onus probandi,lies on the claimant. "In the Prize Court," says Sir Wm. Scott, "where special reasons for deception are perpetually occurring, and where the Court exercises a much more unconfined jurisdiction on questions of property than it exercises in its civil forum, proof of property lies generally on the claimant, and he may be called upon to support the prima facie evidence of a good title which is already exhibited.' b This burden would lave rested on the claimant in the present case if the goods in question had been found on board of a neutral ship ; but it is increased by the fact that the property was found on board an enemy's ship, and an enemy's

a Vide S. C. I Mason's Rep. 14: Ante, vol. II. 371. b The Countess of Lauderdale, 4 Rob. 234-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

185

armed ship. The maxim as laid down by Grotius, iso. is: " Res hostium navibuspresumunturesse hostiur, The LondoU donec contrariumprobetur." A presumption which, Packet.nevertheless, may be destroyed by strongproofs to the contrary.a In this case, the property was not only found on board an enemy's armed ship, but was unaccompanied by the documentary evidence required.to prove its neutrality. No papers were found at the time of capture relating to the cargo, except the bills of lading; and all the letters and invoices were sunk by the order of the master of the London Packet, in the letter bag, as sworn by two of the crew upon their examination on the standing interrogatories. The spoliation of papers, is, therefore, superadded to the fact of the property being found on board a ship of the enemy, destined to an enemy's port; and the claimant is called upon to produce the strongest, and most satisfactory proof to destroy the many presumptions arising from these facts, that, in truth, the property belongs to the enemy. The claimant has had abundant opportunity afforded him to produce this proof. The first order for further proof was made in the District Court the 26th of November, 1813, and the claimant was indulged until nearly the close of the year 1815, in the Courts below, to establish the verity of his claim. Having failed so to do, this Court afforded him further time,
and he has had from February,-1816, until this term, a period of four years, to produce plenary proof in

a De Jure Belli ac Pac. b. 3. c. 6. s. 6. 1. 1. c. 13. Loccenius, 1.2. c. 4. n.I1.

Birnk. Q. .L Piel.

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1820. reference to a claim so much indulged, and surround-

The0ondon The London

ed

with so many

circumstances of

suspicion.

If the

Packet, claimant has failed to produce this proof, the pre-

sumption is irresistible, that his claim must be false.

In such a suspicious case too, something more is to be expected from the claimant himself, than "a mere test affidavit, which is all the evidence (coming from himself) which the claimant has yet furnished.

Mr. D. B. Ogden and Mr. Winder, contra, admitted the rule of the Prize Court, that property found on board an enemy's vessel is presumed to be enemy's property: but, for this very reason, they insisted, such a vessel would seldom be made the
vehicle of enemy's property intended to be covered as neutral.- The records of the Court would show that in a great majority of the cases, where attempts have been made to disguise enemy's property, such attempts have been made by lading the goods on board a neutral vessel, in order to avoid that suspicion on which the rule of law is founded. But in this case, the presumption itself can have but little weight; because it appears in evidence that the
claimant'was compelled, by necessity, to lade his goods on board an enemy's vessel, there being, at
that time none but British ships, at Buenos Ayres, destined for Europe, for which market his goods were intended. Some indulgence is due to the subjects of neutral States, who not having sufficient shipping of their own to carry on their trade, are compelled to resort to the navigation of other coun-

a The Magnus, I Rob. 31.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tries, which may happen to be belligerent. Nor can th6 circumstance of a spoliation of papers by the enemy master hake any unfavourable effect upon the claim of a neutral shipper conducting, bona ficle.
Even the actual resistance of the enemy master will not preclude the neutral shipper from receiving restitution, unless he participates in such resistance, and thus forfeits the privileges of his neutral cha-
racter.b The counsel on both sides also argued upon the facts, with great minuteness and ability.

182o. The Londft
P'acket.

Mr. Justice LI 'NGSTON delivered the opinion of Feb. 20th.

the Court. In the argument of this cause, the counsel

have not confined themselves to the effect which the

affidavit of the claimant ought of itself to have upon

the decision of itbut have animadverted on all the tes-

timony below. The Court has, therefore, also ex-

tended its examination to all the proofs in the causes

and will now pronounce its judgment on them.

The captured vessel was confessedly British pro- ariPsirn-g-umrionn

perty, as well

as a

great

part

of its cargo,

and its des*-

the fact of the goods being

tination was to a port in the enemy's country, which foundonboar,

raises a legal presumption, that the property claimed ,,o.,eL.

was not neutral; It is not denied, that a neutral may

use the vessel of a belligerent, for the transportation

of his goods, and whatevei presumption may arise

from the ciicumstance; that it is not of itself a cause

of condemnation. In this case, it does not appear,

nor was it probably the fact, that any nehtral vessel

a The Friendschaft, 3 W'heat. 14. 48. b The Nereide, 9 Cranch,388. 423. VOL. V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
182o0. bound to London, was then at Buenos Ayres, and,
Thc London therefore, this presumption ought to have but little Packet. influence on the present decision. If the proprietary
interest be satisfactorily made out, the claimant is entitled to restitution.
There was no letter found on board from Merino to his correspondent in London, nor any invoice of this property. The only document relating to it was a bill of lading in Spanish, dated.the 19th of June, 1813, purporting that 6,276 hides had been shipped on board the London Packet, by Jeronimo Merino, on his account and risk, to be delivered to Antonio Daubana, or in his absence to William Heiland, they paying the freight therein stipulated. This bill of lading was not signed by the master. To the omission of a signature to this bill of lading, much importance cannot be attached. It was found in possession of the master, and serving only as a memorandum for him of the cargo on board; and not being intended to pass into the hands of any other persons, it was a matter of indifference whether he put his name to it, or not. Of seven bills of lading which were found on board, no less than three were without his signature. Those which were delivered to the shippers, were, no doubt, signed, which was all that was necessary for their security. If this bill of lading be compared with the one produced, and proved by Daubana, it is impossible not to be struck with the exact similarity between them. They correspond in all respects, excepting only that one has not the signature of the captain, and appears most manifestly to have been filled up with the same ink, and in the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
same hand-writing, and at the same time; which is 1820. no small proof of their being cotemporaneous acts, Th"e"LI'ondon and of the authenticity of the one which is now Vak,. produced by the consignee. But no letter from Merino to his correspondent, nor any invoice, nor any bill of lading for the consignee, being found on board, it is urged, that the proof of proprietary interest is defective, and that the sentence of condemnation ought, therefore, to be affirmed. Had no farther proof been introduced, relieving the case from this difficulty* the argument would be entitled to great consideration. But the absence of those papers is now accounted for. It appears by the testimony of Stephenson, a passenger on board the London Packet, who was examined by the captors, that a large bag, containing a great number of private letters, and other papers, was sunk by order of the master
,of the London Packet, about half an hour before his vessel was taken. It is then but a fair presumption, that the letter, invoice, and bill of lading trans-. mitted by Merino to his correspondent in London, were among the papers thus destroyed. The loss of these papers being thus accounted for, and the master of the captured ship not being brought in as he ought to have been, there was a propriety under the peculiar circumstances <of this case, in affording, as the Court below did, an opportunity to the Spanish owner, of offering subsidiary proof respecting the property mentioned in the bill of lading found ork board, and which was claimed by him. This farther proof, which consists of documents from tho custom house at Buenos Ayres, of the positive testi-

CASES IN T1E SUPREME COURT

1820.
The London Packet.

mony of Mr. Daubana, the consignee in London,
and of the test-affidavit of Mr. Merino himself, is satisfactory, that the proprietary interest of these hides was, at the time of shipment and of capture, in the claimant. That they belonged to Smith notwithstanding the mark of S. on some of them, as has been suggested, cannot be believed. On that supposition, his conduct is utterly inexplicable. If the adventure was on his account, the disguise of the shipment could have been intended for no other purpose than to impose, as to them, on the Courts of the United States; for this contrivance or cover could not protect his vessel from capture and condemnation. Yet, if we believe some of the witnesses, Smith declared, that the whole of the cargo belonged to himself, and some merchants in London. These declarations of Smith, as lie was set at liberty by the captain of the Argus, and, of course, not examined on the standing interrogatories, ought not to militate against the integrity of the present claim but if they were really made, they afford strong evilence, that if this bill of lading were designed as a cover for belligerent property, some other person, and not Smith, was to be benelitted by it. For if he were the real owner, why, it may be asked, did he voluntarily abandon the property, (for he was put on board of another vessel, at his own request,) at the very moment when this fraud, if he ever intended to avail himself of it, was to be consummated ? Why did he not remain in his vessel until her arrival in the .United States, and apply to a Spanish Consul, or some other gentleman, to prefer a claim in favour of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the pretended Spanish owner? Why did he not sup- 1820. port this claim with his own oath, as he must have in- The Lonaon tended to do if he ever intended to derive any advan- Packet. tage from a contrivance which must have had its inception at Buenos Ayres, at his instigation, and for his emolument ? There is no accounting for his conduct on any other hypothesis, than that he had no interest in this property, and was, therefore, willing to leave it to its fate.
The counsel for the captors, aware of the full and conclusive nature of the proof, so far as it establishes Merino's interest in the merchandize claimed by him, have endeavoured to show that Merino was not at Buenos Ayres when this shipment took place, and if he was, that it is impossible that his letter, which bears date the 10th of July, 1813, could have been put on hoard of the London Packet, which had sailedon the 24th of June, fourteen days before. If this be so, a gross attempt has been made to impose on the Court, which ought to be followed with consequences fatal to the present claim. But the Court is not of opinion that either of these suppositions is supported by the evidence. Not a single witness whose testimony is relied on to establish the fact of Merino's not being at Buenos Ayres at the time of the shipment, speaks with any certainty, or tells us affirmatively where he then was. This negative testimony, which, if it stood alone and uncontradicted, might excite a strong suspicion, is rendered of very little consequence, by much proof of a contrary character. The custom house document which has "alreadybeen referred to, establisles the residence of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1o.
rbe London
Packet.

Merino at Buenos Ayres at the date of the shipment "
so does the affidavit of Merino himself, who is proved to be a gentleman of character, of property, and re-
spectability. Daubana also swears to the same fact, with as much certainty as one correspondent can establish the domicil of another residing at so great a distance from each other. He proves that Merino remained there until the 15th of August following, at least, that he received a letter from him, dated at Buenos Ayres, on that day. Another witness, who saw him at Rio Janeiro in the year 1814, says, that he did not leave Buenos Ayres until after the middle of the year 1813. The weight of testimony, therefore, may be considered as in favour of the claimant
being at Buenos Ayres when this shipment was
made. Nor is it so certain, as seemed to be taken for granted at the bar, that the London Packet sailed on her voyage for Europe on the 24th of June, 1813. It is true, that the cook, and some others who were examined in preparatorio, fix the time of her departure to that day ; but the second mate, and only officer of the captured vessel who was examined, and who was most likely to know, says that she sailed in the month of July. Under this uncertainty respecting a fact which is deemed so material, and to which the claimant's attention has never been called, it cannot be expected that the Court should not only act upon it, as positively proved, but follow it up with the condemnation of property so clearly proved to belong to a neutral. It would be more charitable, and not unreasonable, even if the fact were proved, to presume that witnesses were speaking of the time

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the London Packet's first weighing anchor at Bu- is2o. enos Ayres, and that she may for some reason or other The Landon have been detained in the river until the Oth of July, Packet. which is the date of Merino's first letter to his correspondent in London. It may be added, that it is not easy t6 believe, that if a fraud were intended, care would not have been taken to make the letter of advice, and all the other papers, correspond with the time of the departure of the vessel.
Upon the whole, a majority of the judges are of w Restittion opinion, that upon the farther proof the sentence of peaxipdensebsy totbhee the Circuit Court should be. reversed, and the pro- claimant. perty restored to the claimant. But as the captors have been put to great expense in consequence of the imperfect documents found on board, and the great delay which has attended the production of the farther proof, they are of opinion that their costs and expenses must be paid by the claimant.
Decree reversed.
DECREE.-This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Massachusetts, and the farther proof exhibited in this cause, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is DECREED and ORDERED, that the Decree of the Circuit Court for the District of Massachusetts in this case, condemning six thousand two hundred and seventy-six ox hides, as good ald lawful prize to the libellants, be and the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And this Court, proceeding to pass such

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. U. States
V.

Decree as the said Circuit Court should have passed, it is further DECREED and ORDERED, that the said six thousand two hundred and seventy-six ox hides, be restored to the claimant: And it is further DECREED,
that the said Claimant pay to the Libellants the costs and expenses incurred in the prosecution of this suit.

The UNITED STATES V. KLINTOCK.
A commission issued by Aury, as "Brigadier of the Mexican republic," (a republic wnose existence is unknown and unacknowledged,) or as " Generalissimo of the Floridas," (a province in the possession of Spain,) will not authorize armed vessels to make captures at sea.
Qumre-Whether a person acting with good faith under such a commission may be guilty of piracy?
However this may be, in general; under the particular circumstances of this case, showing that the seizure was made, not jure belli, but animo furandi,the commission was held not to exempt the prisoner from the charge of piracy.
The act of the 30th of April, 1790, c. 36. s. 8. extends to all persons, on board all vessels, which throw off their national character by cruizing piratically, and committing piracy on other vessels.
Tins was an indictment in the Circuit Court of Virginia, against Ralph Klintock, a citizen of the United States, charging him with a piracy committed on the high seas, in April, 1818, on a vessel called the Norberg, belonging to persons to tle jurors unknown. He was found guilty generally.
The facts stated were, that the prisoner is a citizen of the United States; that the vessel in which he sailed as first lieutenant was called the Young

338

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
The Josefa Segunda.

facts are necessarily inquirable into by a Court and jury; and this inquiry is not confined to written instruments, (to which alone the principle contenoed
for could apply,) but to any act with, or without writing, within the scope of the power or confidence reposed in the agent; as, for instance, in the case of money credited in the books of a teller, or proved to have been deposited with him, though he omits to credit it.
Judgment affirmed.

(PaIzE AND INSTANCE COURT.)
The JOSEFA SEGUNDA, Carricaburaet al. Claimants.
An information under the act of the 3d of March, 1807, c. 77. to prevent the importation of slaves into the United States. The alleged unlawful importation attempted to be excused upon the plea of distress. Excuse repelled, and condemnation pronounced.
Upon a piratical capture, the property of the original owners cannot be forfeited for the misconduct of the captors in violating the municipal laws of the country where the vessel seized by them is carried.
But where the capture is made by a regularly commissioned captor, he acquires a title to the captured property, which can only be devested by recapture, or by the sentence of a competent tribunal of his own country ; and the property is subject to forfeiture for a violation, by the captor, of the revenue or other municipal laws of the neutral country into which the prize may be carried.
APPEAL from the District Court of Louisiana. From the proceedings in the Court below, it appear-

OF T HE UNITED STATES.

199

ed, that the brig Josefa Segunda being Spanish pro- 1820. perty, and on a voyage from nthe coast of Africa to The Josefa the island of Cuba, with a cargo of negroes, was Segu~da. captured on the lIth day of February, 18 18, off Cape Tiberon in St. Domingo, by the Vcnmzuelan privateer, the General Arismendi. On the 24th of April following, she was seized in the river Mississippi, by certain custom house officers, and conducted to New-Orleans, where a libel was filed against her in the District Court for the Louisiana district.
The libel contained four counts. The first alleged, that the said negroes were unlawfully brought
into the United States from some foreign country in the said brig, with intent to hold, sell, or dispose of them as slaves, or with intent that the same should beheld to service or labour, contrary to the act of Congress in such case made and provided.
The second .count alleged, that these negroes were taken, received and transported on board the said brig, from some, of the coasts or kingdoms of Africa, or from some other foreign; kingdom, place, or country, for the purpose of selling them in some port or place within the jurisdiction of the United States, as slaves, or to be held to service or labour, contrary, &c. In the third count it was charged, that the said
brig was found.in some river, port, bay, or harbour of the United States, or on the high seas, within the
jurisdictional limits of the United States, or hovering
on the coast thereof, to wit, in the river Mississippi, having on board some negroes, mulattoes, or people of colour, for the purpose of selling them as slaves, or with an intent to land the sdrhe, in some port or

840

CASES IN TIIE SUPREME COURT *

38,20. place within the jurisdiction of the United States,
TThoe Josefa%contrary, &c. The fourth allegation or count was, Seguanda. that one hundred and seventy-five persons of colour,
not being native citizens, or registered seamen of the United States, or natives of countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, were landed from said brig, in a port or place, situate in a State which, by law, had prohib'ted the admission or importation as aforesaid, to wit, at or near the Balize in the State of Louisi-
ana, contrary, &C. This libel was filed on the 29th of April, 1818,
and on the 5th of May following, a claim was interposed by Messrs. Carricabura, Arieta & Co. merchants of the Havanna, which stated, that they were owners of the said brig, which, with the said negro slaves, was on the high seas, while pursuing a lawful voyage, captured and taken from them by a certain Rene Beluche, and the crew of the armed ship or vessel called the General Arismendi, sailing under the flag of the revolted colonies of Venezuela and New-Grenada; that the said brig put into the Balize in very great distress, and without any intention on the part of the crew, or any other person on board, toinfringe or violate any law of the United States. That whatever may have been the conduct of the prizc crew, or of any other persons on board, the claimants insist, that they cannot be made responsible for any of their acts, because the said brig, with her cargo. was taken from their possession unlawfully, and in iolation of the law of nations, inasmuch as the captors had no legal authority to take the same ; and if they had any commission, the capture

OF THE UNITED STATES.

was illegal, because the privateer the General Aris-
mnendi, was armed and fitted out, or her armament or equipment increased, in a port of the United States, in violation of the laws thereof.
On this libel and claim, it appeared in evidence that the capture of the brig Josefa Segunda, with a cargo of slaves, was made off Cape Tiberon, in the Island of St. Domingo, on the I1th of FebruaTy, 1818, on a voyage to the Havanna, from the coast of Africa, which she had left in the preceding month of December or January. The capture was made by a Ven'ezuelan brig, the General Arismendi. This vessel was commissioned as a privateer, by John Baptista Arismendi, who styled himself commanding General of Venezuela, and Captain General of the Island of Marguerita. The caption of the commission was, "1 Republic of Venezuela ;1 and it purported to have been given in the Island of Marguerita, the 1st of February, in the year 1818, and to be sealed with the great seal of the State. At the time of capture, there were from two to three hundred slaves on board ; some of these, but what number does not appear, afterwards died; others, but how many is not stated, were sold at the Jardias de ]a Reine. on the south side of the Island of Cuba, in order to purchase provisions. T oward the end of the month of February, the prize master of the brig received written orders from the Captain of the privatee" to conduct the prize to the Island of Marguerita ; and always steered, a he says, eastward, the winds being always ahead, The prize master had no log book on board; he wrote every day's octcuirrences on

182o.
The Josefn
Segunda.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. a slate, effacing what had been written the day before, The Josefa~ On the 18th of April, 1818, in the morning, the brig -Segunda. was boarded by a pilot, about 40 miles from the
Balize, and arrived there at 4 o'clock, P.x. About 25 miles from the Balize, the brig fell in with the American ship Balize, from which no provisions were asked, but from whom he received six bags of rice. On the 24th of April, the brig was seized by the custom-house officers, and conducted to NewOrleans. On the 27th of April, 1818, Laporte, who was the agent of Beluche at New-Orleans, wrote a letter to the prize master of the brig, containing, -anong others, these expressions, "Maintain always your declaration of being forced into port."--" Take care that your sailors neither say, nor do any thing, -which may prejudice the interest of Venezuela." The privateer, after the capture of the brig, went to Jamaica for provisions. The pilot who first boarded the-brig stated, that her mainmast was sprung, her ropes were all bad, the sails not fit to go to sea ; that they were pumping the last cask of water on board. Her spars were middling, except the mainmast; there were no provisions on board-the men were in a state of starvation-that the slaves had nothing but skin upon their bones. A witness, who was on board in her passage .up the river, stated that the brig sailed equal to any thing in the river-that he would not be afraid to make a voyage in her--,.her tackle, ropes, &c. were as good as usual-she was pumped out but once while he was on bard-they carried-topsails coming up-the spars were gene.ally good. He saw nothing in the appearance of

OF *THE UNITED STATES.

M

the crew of their having been starved. It also appeared that the agent of th6e claimants in~NThewe -Orleans, received letters from the owners of the brig sometime prior to her arrival at New-Orleans, and that one of the owners had arrived in that city, while this cause was depending, and before the 19th of
June, 1818. It was admitted by the claimant, that there exist-
ed an understanding between them and the captors ; that the tbrmer were to render to the latter a compensation for their not interposing any claim, which was so far ascertained, that the sum which the captors were to receive, was not to be less than six, nor more than eight thousand dollars, to depend on the expense and trouble incident to the prosecution, and the repairing of the vessel; that this arrangement
was made by the advice of the captor's counsel, from a conviction on his part, that they could not recover on account, as he conceived, of the illegality of the commission. It was also admitted, that the claimants were the original owners of the -brig and slaves
on board. On this testimony, the District Court condemned
the brig, and effects found- on board, to the Uited
States, and the cause was brought by appeal to this Court.

1820. T Joseefa Seunda.

Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, for the appellants and claimants, argued, L. That the vessel was compelled by necessity to enter the Mississippi, and, therefore, was not liable to forfeiture under the acts of Congress for suppressing the slave trade. 2. That the com-

march 9La.

.3"4

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
The Joseefa
Segundu.

mission of General Arismendi, under which the original capture was made, was unlawful, he having no authority to issue it as Governor of the island of Marguerita, a dependent province of the new State of Venezuela. The owners were, therefore, entitled to restitution under the 9th article of the Spanish treaty of 1795, as well as under the general law of
nations; the right of property not being changed by a piratical seizure.a 3. But supposing it to have
been a regular capture in the exercise of the rights of war, and supposing the captors to have entered the waters of the United States with the intention of violating the -acts of Congress; it is insisted, that the prize thus carried into a neutral port, before udjudication, cannot be forfeited to the neutral State for a breach of its municipal laws committed by the captors, without the consent or collusion of the original owners. It has been repeatedly determfined,
that when captures are made in violation of our neutral rights, as ascertained by the law of nations, the acts of Congress, and treaties with foreign powers, restitution of the captured property will be decteed by our tribunals to the original owners.' Why ? Because it is the right as well as duty of 'the nation to -prevent its neutral territory and resources from
being used for the purposes of hostility by either belligerent. It will, therefore, restore in two cases:

a Grotius, de T.B. ac P. 1. 3. c. 9. s.17. Bynk. Q.J. Pub. 1. 1. c. 17. Valin, sur I'Ordon. 1. 3. tit. 9. art. 10.. 2 -Bro.
Civ. 4-Adm. Law, 461. b The Divina Pastora, 4 Wheat. 52. 55.and the caecs cited in.
]Rote.(a)

OF TH UNITED STATES.
First, where the capture is made within its territorial is2. limits; and, secondly, when made by a vessel armed The Josefa or re-equipped in its ports. The same principles Segund-. apply where the captor violates the laws of police, or the revenue laws of the neutral State. The infringement of the one is as injurious to that State, and to the captured belligerent, as the infringement of the other. The injury to the original owner is equally great, whether the privateer was fitted in the neutral ports, or is permitted to carry his prizes into those ports for sale. The spes recuperandiis gone; and will the neutral sovereign condescend to avail himself, as against an innocent friend, of the forfeiture incurred by the misconduct of the enemy of the latter ? The captor cannot sell ; he cannot completely devest the original owner of his remaining right to the captured property before its lawful condemnation: shall he then be permitted to do so by smuggling, or even by attempting, or barely intending to smuggle it in a neutral port? It is the well estabushed doctrine of public law, that belligerents have no right to sell or dispose of their prizes in a neutral port, before they are judicially condemned in a competent Court of the captor's country ; unless in case of necessity, or when the right is secured to them by treaty, or by the express permission of the neutral government; or in case of the intervention of peace.a If, then, the captor has not such an

a Bee's 4dm. Rep. 263. The Flad Oyen, 1 Rob. 114. The Purissima Conception, 6 Rob. 45. The Scboone Sophie, b. 138. 2 Bro. Cir. 4. 4tdm. Law, 255. 1 Peters' Adm. Dec. 24. 2 Peters' A. D. 345. The Kierlighett, 3 Rob. 82. Wheel-

VOL. V.

44

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. Teofhim The Josefa
Segunda.

interest in his uncondemned prize, as will enable tooddiisppsose of it by sale to another, how can he
be said to have such an interest as will enable him
to forfeit it to the neutral State for a breach of its municipal laws ? This is a novel question, both here and in the European Courts of prize. It is indeed settled, that the Prize Court may dismiss the claim
of a citizen, violating the law of his own country where the court sits ; or of an ally or neutral violating the treaties between his own country and that of the Court; and that it may dismiss the libel of a captor (of the country where the Court sits,) for a collusive capture, or for a violation of the laws of trade. But the moment the neutral Court, in the
present case, ascertained that this was a capture jure beifi, or piratical, it had nothing to do but to restore it to the original possessor. The captor had not such a proprietary interest as rendered him capable of forfeiting it to the United States. The first case of a forfeiture in the Prize Court for a breach of municipal law, which is reported, is that of the Walsingham Packet :4 that was the case of a British packet, retaken from the enemy, wherein a claim was given for the cargo as the property of British and Portuguese merchants, and resisted on the part of the captors, on the ground that such trade was prohibited by act of Parliament. Here the jurisdiction of the

right v. Depeyster, 1 Johns. Rep. 471. 481. 2 Vatn. Com.
Sur l'Ord. 272. and seq. Vattel, 1. 4. c. 2. s. 22. Marten's Law of Nations, 323. Wheat. on Capt. 262.
a 2 Rob. 64.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Court, with respect to the thing recaptured, was unquestionable; and Sir W. Scott rejected the claim on account of the claimants own personal misconduct,' reserving the ultimate question, to whom the property should be condemned. In the case of the Etrusco,a it was subsequently determined, that condemnation in such cases should be, not to the captors, but to the crown. In the case of the Recoveryb Sir W. Scott determined, that the claim of a neutral could not be rejected in a Prize Court of the captor's country, for violating the municipal law of that country. Why ? Because, as to him, it was a mere Court of the law of nations, though as to British subjects it was also a Court of municipal law. As to him, the offence was merely nalum prohibitum; as to British subjects, it was 2nalum in se : and they had no right to complain if they were punished for it in any tribunal of their own country, however constituted. The cases of the Bothnea and the Jahnstaffe and of the George, d in this Court, were also cases where the Court had undoubted prize jurisdiction, and the original owner being an enemy, could interpose no claim. The captor had been guilty of collusion with the public enemy, and had assisted him in violating the non-importation act. The Court, therefore, dismissed his libel, and condemned the property to the United

182o.
The Jeo"se'afa Segunda.

a 4 Rob. 256. Note. b 6 Rob. 341. c 2 Wheat. 169. d ib. 278.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. States. A similar observation is applicable to the The Josefa case of the Venusa in which the joint claim of a citiSegunda. zen, and an alien, to the vessel, was rejected, on the
ground that the former bad made a false oath, in order to obtain a register, whereby she became liable to forfeiture under the registry act. The District Court of Louisiana, beside its Circuit Court powers, may exercise jurisdiction as a Prize Court, or an Instance Court of Admiralty. In neither of these capacities could it take cognizance of the present case. Not as a Prize Court: for the jurisdiction belonged exclusively to the Venezuelan tribunals. Nor as an Instance Court of the law of nations: since, as such, its decree could only be for restitution to the captors or to the original owners, according as our neutrality had or had not been violated. Nor as an Instance "Court of municipal law, could it condemn the captured property of a friend before it had been declared good prize by a competent prize tribunal ; unless perhaps where the owner or his agent had subjected his property to such a forfeiture by an offence against the municipal law, consummated before the capture. The proper course of proceeding, where there is no collusion between the captor and the former owner, is to punish those captors who attempt to violate our municipal laws in th same manner as those who violate our neutrality; that is, by dispossessing them of their prizes, and restoring them to the original proprietors. Such was the conduct of Holland on a similar omission, as
a 8 Cranch, 253.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
stated by Bynkershoek.a It is true, that he animadverts upon these ordinances of the States General; but his reflections will be found to be solely applicable to his own favourite notion of the right of belligerents to carry their prizes into neutral ports, and to

349
1820.
h
Segu-da.

a The passage of Bynkershoek here alluded to is as follows: He begins by observing: " Although it be lawful, on national principles, to carry a prize into neutral territory, and there to sell it, if the captor thinks proper, laws have, nevertheless, more than once been made to the contrary." He then pro-, ceeds : " The States General, on the 9th of August, 1658, issued an edict, by which they ordered, that no foreign captor who might be compelled by stress of weather, or some other reasonable cause, to bring his prize into the ports of this country, should presume to sell any part of it, or even to break bulk, but that he should inform the bailiff of the place -of his arrival, who, having placed a guard on board of the ship, should keep a strict watch over her, until her departure: inflicting, moreover, a discretionary penalty, and a fine of one thousand florins, on any one that should assist in unloading, or purchase any thing out of her. To which edict, the said States General, on the 7th of November, in the same year, enacted a supplement, by which it was ordered, that no prize ship should be brought into the port itself, but merely into the outer roads, where she might be sheltered from danger, and that nothing should be unladen or sold out of her; and ifany one should act to the contrary, theprize should be restored to the former owner, as though it hadnever been taken, and the captor himselfshoulid be detained,and his own vessel seized and confiscated. The remainder of the edict merely confirms that of the 9th of August above mentioned. Whether those edicts were extorted from the States General by fear, or by any other cause, I do not know; but lest they should hereafter militate against national principles, we must declare, that we rather believe them to have been temporary than perpetual laws." Bynk. Q. J. Pub. L. 1. p. 121. of Mr. DTonceau's translation.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Th oe' Segunda.

sell them there, which has long since been exploded.
The force of this historical example is not diminished by his criticism, founded, as it is, upon a false
theory. In the case now before the Court, there can be no objection to restitution, on the ground of the traffic in which the original owners were engaged, being prohibited by the laws of their own country ; for it is notorious, that Spain tolerates the trade. The principle, therefore, applied by the Lords of Appeal in England, to an American slave trader, in the case of the Amediea does not apply to this case. And Sir Win. Scott, since the determination of the Lords, has decided, in the -case of a Swedish vessel, that he would not condemn, because there was no positive proof, that Sweden had pro-
hibited the trade, although it did not appear, that this State had ever sanctioned it, or that her subjects had been in the habit of carrying it on.b If it be said, that the condemnation rests on the act of Congress, and that this act is general in its terms, and makes no distinction as to the manner in which vessels violating the law may have been brought into our waters; it is answered, that, like all other penal laws, it must receive an equitable and liberal construction, and cannot be applied to cases of distress, or other cases of vis major.

The Atorney General, contra, argued principally upon the facts, to show, that the capture was collu-

a Acton's Rep. 240. Edinburgh Retv 436. Wheat. on Capt. 227.
b The Diana, Dodson, 9K.

Pot. 16. .No. XXI.p.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sive, and that, consequently, the Court had jurisdiction to condemn the property to the United States, in a case where the captor and captured had combined in a scheme of fraud to defeat the execution of our municipal laws. He insisted, that even if this were not the fact, that the captors had by possession, jure belli, such a title to the property as rendered it liable to confiscation for any breach of our laws by the captors. Their title could only be devested by recapture, or by the sentence of a competent prize Court of their own country; and how improbable it was that such Court would dispossess them of it, is shown by the proofs and the pleadings in this cause, by which it appears, that the property was Spanish, and, therefore, liable to condemnation in the Prize Courts of Venezuela. The establishment of a contrary doctrine by the Court, would furnish an effetual recipe by which all our laws of trade might be violated with impunity; since it would be extremely difficult in many cases to show, that the capture was collusive, and in case of detection in the attempt to smuggle, the claimant would have nothing to do but to throw the blame upon the pretended captor, whilst in case of success, he would reap the fruits which
might attend it. However ingeniously contrived such a scheme might be, it was the duty of the Court to penetrate through it, and when detected, to visit it with the penalty of confiscation.

1820. The Josefa Segunda.

Mr. Justice LIVINGSTON delivered the opinion of .rarcl Ni,. the Court, and after stating the facts, proceeded as follows: The third count of the libel is the only one

352

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. The Josefa Segunda.

that has any bearing on the present case. It alleges
a violation of the seventh section of an act of Congress, prohibiting the importation of slaves into the
United States, after the first day of January, in the year 1808, and which passed the 3d of March, 1807.
By this section it is enacted, "1That if any ship or vessel shall be found, from and after the first day of January, 1808, in any river, port, bay, or harbour, or on the high seas, Within the jurisdictional limits of the United States, or hovering on the coast thereof, having on board any negro, mulatto, or person of colour, for the purpose of selling them as slaves, or with intent to land the same in any port or place within the jurisdiction of the United States, contrary to the prohibition of this act, every such ship or vessel, together with her tackle, apparel, and furniture, and the goods or effects which shall be found on board the same, shall be forfeited to the use of the United States, and may be seized, prosecuted, and condemned, in any Court of the United States having jurisdiction thereof. And the proceeds of all such ships and vessels, their tackle, apparel and furniture, and the goods and effects on board of them, which shall be so seized, prosecuted, and condemned, shall be divided equally between the United States
and the Officers and men who shall make such seizure, or bring the same into port for condemnation, and the same shall be distributed in like manner, as is provided by law for the distribution of prizes taken from an enemy: provided that the officers and men to be entitled to one half of the proceeds aforesaid,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

9"51

shall safe-keep every negro, mulatto, or person of colour, found on board of any ship or vessel so seized by them, and deliver them to such persons as shall be appointed by the respective States to receive the same," &c.
It is not denied, that the brig Josefa Segunda, shortly before her seizure, had been hovering on the coast of the United States, having on hoard a large number of persons of the description of those whose importation into this country is prohibited by the act: nor can there be any doubt, from the situation and circumstances under which she was found, and the mniner in which she came within the jurisdictional limits of the United States, which appears to have been a voluntary act on the part of the prize master, that there is at least priafaicieevidence of an intention to dispose of these people as slaves, or to land them in some port or place within the jurisdiction of the United States.
The claimants, aware of the necessity of accounting for circumstances, which, unexplained, could not

but prove fatal to their interests, contend, in the first place, that the coming into the Mississippi was a matter of necessity, produced by the perilous situation of the vessel, and the famishing condition of the people on board: and that, therefore, neither she nor her cargo can be obnoxious to the provisions of the act of Congress. If the claim be not sustained on

this plea ; it is insisted, In the next place, that the capture being illegal or

piratical, the original owners cannot be affected by any of the acts of the prize crew; and,

VOL. V.

45

1820.
The Jnsefa Segunda.

354

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.

In the third place, it is asserted, that the vessel

T' he Josefa having been ransomed, and taken out of the hands gunda of the captors, the claimants are restored to all their

original rights, unimpaired by any acts on the part of

the former. Each of these claims for restitution will now be

examined.

When any aet is done, which of itself, and unex-

plained, is a violation of law, and a party to extricate

himself, or his property, from the consequences of it,

resorts to the plea of necessity or distress, the burthen of proof is not only thrown upon him; but

when the temptation to infringe the law is great,

and the alleged necessity, if real, can be fully and

easily established, no Court should be satisfied with

any thing short of the most convincing and conclu-

sive testimony. The proofs before us. are so far

from being of this character, that we look in vain for

testimony of any serious disaster having befallen this

vessel in her voyage from the Island of Cuba, to the

.Mississippi,-or for a calamity of any kind, which

might not have been averted or prevented, had the

master seriously and honestly endeavoured to reach

the Island of Marguerita, which is now pretended to

have been her real port of destination. That neither

he, nor his employer, should have any great solici-

tude for the arrival of the prize at Marguerita, is

easily accounted for, when it is recollected that this

island, as well from its small extent, being not more

than forty miles in length, and perhaps not more than half as broad, as from the scantiness and poverty of its population, could afford but a wretched, if

OF THtE UNITED STATES.
any market at all for slaves; while at New-Orlean, 1820. each of them would produce the extravagant and The rosea tempting sum of one thousand dollars. It has not Segunu-. escaped the observation of the Court, that the General Arismendi, made the passage from Marguerita to the place of capture off the Island of St. Domingo, in the short space of nine days; for the owner's letter of instructions to the Captain bears date at Marguerita on the 2d day of February, 1818, and on the IIth of the same month, the capture was made; and yet with the important fact before us, it is seriously contended, that a voyage which had just been made in nine days, could not be performed back again in six weeks. This is a possible case ; but we ought not to be expected on slight grounds to believe that a vessel after leaving the Island of Cuba, in the latter end of February, should, on the 18th of April following, be found, not only several miles farther from h*er destined port than at the time of sailing, but that she had pursued this circuitous route in search of provisions: a story so improbable could hardly, under any circumstance, be entitled to belief; but it becomes absolutely incredible, when so many ports, more contiguous, and where supplies might easily have been obtained, were passed in her way to the Balize, without a single effort to procure a supply at any of them. Why not go to Kingston, in Jamaica, which was in the neighbourhood of the
place where the capture was made, and to which port, the privateer went after making the capture ? Her not going there can be accounted for on no supposition other than that of her being well 9uppli-

356

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
T~hIet Josefa
Segunda.

ed with provisions at the time of her leaving Cuba. is vain then to urge a plea, which is contradicted
by the internal evidence of the case. If, however,
it can be made out, that an attempt were really made to reach Marguerita, which was frustrated by adverse winds, or by any one of those disasters which so frequently occur on the ocean, or that the Josefa was forced by stress of weather so very far from the track of a direct voyage. to that island, the claimant might still contend, that their plea of necessity had been made out. But, on this subject, there is an impenetrable obscurity, which it was their duty to remove. What winds, or what weather were encotintered, we are not informed. No log book, from which alone, accurate and safe knowledge might be derived, is produced. A journal of that kind was not even kept, a circumstance which, of itself, excites a suspicion, which none of the testimony in the cause is calculated to dispel. But it is not necessary to pursue this inquiry farther, or to take notice of several minor circumstances which are relied on, and which so far from making out a case of real distress, only serve to confirm the view which has already been taken of the other evidence, and leave no reasonable doubt of the whole story being a fiction ; or that the want of provisions, if real, at the time of seizure, was produced by a voluntary protraction of the voyage for the purpose, and with the intent of violating the law on which the present libel is founded. If, on testimony so vague, so contradictory, and affording so little satisfaction, this Court should award restitution, all the acts of Congress which

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1157

have been passed to prohibit the importation of slaves into the United States, may as well be expunged from the statute book ; and this inhuman traffic, for the abolition of which the United States have manifested an early and honourable anxiety, might, under the most frivolous pretexts, be carried on, not only with impunity, but with a profit which would keep in constant excitement the cupidity of those who think it no crime to engage in this unrighteous commerce. In the execution of these laws, no vigilance can be excessive, and restitution ought never to be made, but in cases which are purged of every intentional violation, by proofs the most clear, the most explicit and unequivocal.
But the claimants, not relying exclusively on the plea of necessity, contend, that the capture being piratical, and by a vessel having no commission, they ought not to be injured by any acts of the prize master which may be deemed infractions of the laws of the United States.
It would, indeed, be unreasonable and unjust, to visit upon the innocent owners of this property, the sins of a pirate ; and were this allegation made out, the Court would find no difficulty in r4aking the restitution which is asked for. But is it so; was the General Arismendi a piratical cruizer ? The Court thinks not. Among the exhibits is a copy of a commission, which is all that, in such a case, can be expected, which appears to have been issued under the authority of the republic of Venezuela. This republic is composed of the inhabitants of a portion of the dominionsof Spain in South America, who have

182o. The sefa
Segunda.

359

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
The Josefa
segunda.

been for sometime past, and still are, maintaining a contest for independence with the mother country. Although not acknowledged by our government as
an independent nation, it is well known that open war exists between them and his Catholic Majesty, in which the United States maintain strict neutrality. In this state of things, this Court cannot but respect
the belligerent rights of both parties ; and does not treat as pirates, the cruizers of either, so long as they act under, and within the scope of their respective commissions. This capture, then, having been made
under a regular commission of the government of Venezuela, the captors acquired thereby a title to the vessel and cargo, which could only be devested by recapture, or by the sentence of a Prize Court of the country under whose commission the capture was made. The Courts of neutral nations have no right to interfere, except in cases which do not embrace the present capture. The captors, therefore, at the time of the violation of our laws, must be regarded as the lawful owners of the property, and as capable of working a forfeiture of it, by any infraction on their part of the municipal regulations of the United States. The property, in the present case, not only belonged, at the time, to the captors, in virtue of the capture which they had made, but it is evident from the testimony and admissions in this cause, that it was owned at the time of capture by an enemy, and that a condemnation in a Prize Court of Venezuela was inevitable.
As little foundation is there for. resting a claim to restitution on the ransom, which it is alleged took

OF THE UNITED STATES.

359

place, of this vessel and cargo. This ransom, whether real or pretended, whether absolute or contingent, (about which, doubts may well be'entertained,) cannot affect the rights of the United States. The
forfeiture having attached before any ransom took place, could not be devested by any act between parties, conusant as these were, not only of the fact that a seizure had taken place for a violation of law, but that legal proceedings had been instituted, and were then carrying on, to obtain a sentence of condemnation founded on such violation.

1820.
BMake
V.
Doherty.

Decree affirmed, with costs.

(LoCAL LAW.)
BLAKm et al. v. DOHERTY et al.
It is essential to the validity of a grant, that the thing granted should be so described as to'be capable of being distinguished from other. things of the same kind. But it is not necessary that the grant itself should contain such a description, as without the aid of extrinsic testimony to ascertain precisely what is conveyed.
NKatural objects called for in a grant may be proved by testimony, not found in the grant, but consistent with it.
The following description, in a patent, of the land granted, is not void for uncertainty, but may be made certain by extrinsic testimony: "A tract of land in our middle district on the west fork of Cane Greek, the waters ofElk river, beginningat a hiccory, running north 1000 poles to a white oak, then east 800 poles to a stake, then south 1000 poles to a stake, thence west 800 poles to the beginning, as per plat hereunto annexed doth appear."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

317

in. It is therefore DECREED and ORDERED, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this case be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And it is further ordered, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court for further proceedings to be had therein according to law.

82o.
Loohughbo.
rough
V.
Blake.

(CO STITUTIONAL LAWT.)
LOUGHBOROUGH v. BLAKE.

Congress has authority to impose a direct tax on the district of Columbia, in proportion to the census directed to be taken by the
constitution. The power of Congress to levy and collect taxes, duties, imposts and
excises, is co-extensive with the territory of the United States. The power of Congress to exercise exclusivejursdictionin all cases
whatsoever within the district of Columbia, includes the power of taxing it.

THIS case, which was an action of trespass brought in the Circuit Court for the district of Columbia, to try the right of Congress to impose a direct tax on that district, and in which the Court below gave judgment for the defendant, was argued by Mr. Jones for the plaintiff, and by the Attorney Generalfor the defendant.

Marclzth.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi- xarc 10.h. nion of the Court. This case presents to the consideration ol the Court a single question. It is this;

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUT"

18P. MJts Congress a right to impose a direct tax on the

-District of Columbia?

V.

The counsel who maintais the hegative has con-

Bk. tended, that Congress must be considered in two .distinct characters. In one character as legislating

for the States; in the other, as a local legislature for the district. In the latter character, it is admitted,

the power of levying direct taxes may be exercised ;

but, it is contended, for district purposes only, in like manner as the legislature of a State may tax the peo-

ple of a State for State purposes.

Without inquiring at present into the soundness of

this distinction, its possible influence on the applica-

tion in this district of the first article of the constitution, and of several of the amendments, may not be

altogether unworthy of consideration. tt will readily

suggest itself to the gentlemen who press this argu-

ment, that those articles which, in general terms,

restrain the power of Congress, may be applied to

the laws enacted by that body for the district, if it be

considered as governing the district in its character as the national legislature, with less difficulty than if

it be considered a mere local legislature.

But we deem it unnecessary to pursue this inves-

tigation, because we think the right of Congress to

tax the district does not depend solely on the grant of

exclusive legislation.

The er of The 8th section of the 1st article gives to Con-

C.ng

to

I.Yg datt gress the "power to lay and ibollect taxes, duties,

&c. et, to imposts and excises," for the purposes thereinafter

the district of

lbothe territo- mentioned. This grant is general, without limita-
ries of the u .
vited StateX. tion as to place. It, consequently, extends to all

OF THE UNITED STATES.

319

places over which the government extends. If this i8m

could be doubted, the doubt is removed by the sub- Loughbosequent words which, modify the grant. These roug

words are, " but all duties, imposts, and excises, BLe.

shall be uniform throughout the United Sfates." It

will not be contended, that the modification of the

power extends to places to which the power itself

does not extend. The power then to lay and collect

duties, imposts, and excises, may be exercised, and

must be exercised throughout the United States.

Does this term designate the whole, or any particu-

lar portion of the American empire ? Certainly this

question can admit of but one answer. It is the

name given to our great republic, which is composed

of States and territories. The district of Columbia,

or the territory west of the Missouri, is not less

within the United States, than Maryland or Penn-

sylvania ; and it is not less necessary, on the princi-

ples of our constitution, that uniformity in the im-

position of imposts, duties, and excises, .should be

observed in the one, than in the other. Since, then,

the power to lay and collect taxes, which includes

direct taxes, is obviously co-extensive with the power

to lay and collect duties, imposts and excises, and siace

the latter extends throughout the United States, it

follows, that the power to impose direct taxes also th ax-

extends throughout the United States.
The extent of the grant being ascertained, how
far is it abridged by any part of the constitution? The 20th section of the first article declares, that representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-

partineu o
tthe se-eral
si7tWatgetos,fheaib,",'rde..

e

nu.

bers, to be as-

certained by a

cenpSU$) was
resntro,i,ttcetndethtoe

ppooswinegrt odfirieinc-t

taxes to :tate, ,.11lr

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Loughborough
V. Blake.

eluded within this Union, according to their respec-
tive numbers." The object of this regulation is, we think, to fur-
nish a standard by which taxes are to be apportioned, not to exempt from their operation any part of our country. Had the intention been to exempt from taxation those who were not represented in Congress, that intention would have been expressed in direct terms. The power having been expressly granted, the exception would have been expressly
made. But a limitation can scarcely be said to be insinuated. The words used do not mean, that di-
rect taxes shall be imposed on States only which are represented, or shall be apportioned to representatives ; but that direct taxation, in its application to States, shall be apportioned to numbers. Representation is not made the foundation of taxation. If, under the enumeration of a representative for every 30,000 souls, one State had been found to contain 59,000, and another 60,000, the first would have been entitled to only one representative, and the last to two. Their taxes, however, would not have been as one to two, but as fifty-nine to sixty. This clause was obviously not intended to create any exemption from taxation, or to make taxation dependent on representation, but to furnish a standard for the apportionment of each on the States.
The 4th paragraph of the 9th section of the same article will next be considered. It is in these words: "No capitation, or other direct tax, shall be laid, unless in proportion to the census, or enumeration herein before directed to be taken."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'he census referred to is in that clause of the 1820. constitution which has just been considered, which Loughbomakes numbers the standard by which both repre- rough
sentatives and direct taxes shall be apportioned among Bavke, the States. The actual enumeration is to be made "within three years after the first meeting of the Con-
gress of the United States, and within every subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as they shall by law direct."
As the direct and declared object of this census is, to furnish a standard by which "representatives, and direct taxes, may be apportioned among the several States which may be included within this Union," it will be admitted, that the omission to extend it to the district or the territories, would not render it defective. The census referred to is admitted to be a census exhibiting the numbers of the respective States. It cannot, however, be admitted, that the argument which limits the application of the power of direct taxation to the population contained in this
census, is a just one. The language of the clause does not imply this restriction. It is not that " no
capitation or other direct tax shall be laid, unless on those comprehended within the census herein before directed to be taken," but " unless in proportion to" that census. Now this proportion may be applied to the district or territories. If an enumeration be taken of the population in the district and territories, on the same principles on which the enumeration of the respective States is made, then the information is acquired by which a direct tax may be imposed on the district and territories, " in proportion to the

Vorz. V.

41

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. census or enumeration" which the constitution directs

Loughbo-
rough
V.
Blake.

to be taken. The standard, then, by which direct taxes must
be laid, is applicable to this district, and will enable

Congress to apportion on it, its just and equal share of the burthen, with the same accuracy as on the respective States. If the tax be laid in this proportion, it is within the very words of the restriction. It is

a tax in proportion to the census or enumeration referred to.
But the argument is presented in another form, in which its refutation is more difficult. It is urged against this construction, that it would produce the necessity of extending direct taxation to the district

and territories, which would not only be inconve-

nient, but contrary to the understanding and practice of the whole government. If the power of imposing

direct taxes be co-extensive with the United States, then it is contended, that the restrictive clause, if applicable to the district and territories, requires that

the tax should be extended to them, since to omit them would be to violate the rule of proportion.

aBreutno:ot nbgoruen,d, We think, a satisfactory answer to this argument to extend a may be drawn from a fair comparative view of the

direct tax to
ttehrerditiosrtireise.tand different clauses of the constitution which have been recited. That the general grant of power to lay and collect taxes, is made in terms which comprehend the

district and territories as well as the States, is, we think, incontrovertible. The subsequent clauses are intended to regulate the exercise of this power, not to withdraw from it any portion of the community.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

323

The words in which those clauses are expressed im- 1890. port this intention. In thus regulating its exercise, ,Loughboa rule is given in the 2d section of the first article rough for its application to the respective States. That Blake. rule declares how direct taxes upon the States shall be imposed. They shall be apportioned upon the several States according to their numbers. If, then, a direct tax be laid at all, it must be laid on every State, conformably to the rule provide.d in the constitution. Congress has clearly no power to exempt any State from its due share of the burthen. But this regulation is expressly confined to the States, and creates no necessity for extending the tax to the district or territories. The wdrds of the 9th section do not in terms require, that the system of direct taxation, when resorted to, shall be extended to the territories, as the words of the '2d section require that it shall be extended to all the States. They, therefore, may, without violence, be understood to give a rule when the territories shall be taxed, with-
out imposing the necessity of taxing them. It could scarcely escape the members of the convention, that the expense of executing the law in a territory might exceed the amount of the tax. But be this as it may, the doubt created by the words of the 9th section, relates to the obligation to apportion a direct tax on the territories as well as the States, rather than to the power to do so.
If, then, the language of the constitution be construed to comprehend the territories and district of Columbia, as well as the States, that language confers on Congress the power of taxing the district

324

CASES IN THk SUPREME COURT

1820. and territories as well as the States. If the general Slanguage of the constitution should be confined to

Loughbo-

Z

ugh the States, still the 16th paragraph of the 8th section

Blke,

gives to Congress the power of exercising " exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever within this

district."
The power of On the extent of these terms, according to the ghiseladtisotnrictovicnr- e-ciusive le- common understanding of mankind, there can be no .khides the difference of opinion ; but it is contended, that they
power of im-
pos.ig ta. must be limited by that great principle which was

asserted in our revolution, that representation is in-

separable from taxation.

The difference between requiring a continent,

with an immense population, to submit to be taxed

by a government having no common interest with it, separated from it by a vast ocean, restrained

by no principle of apportionment, and associated with it by no common feelings; and permitting the

representatives of the American people, under the restrictions of our constitution, to tax ;a part of the

society, which is either in a state of infancy advan-

ting to manhood, looking forward to complete equa-

lity so soon as that state of manhood shall he attain-

ed, as is the case with the territories ; or which has

voluntarily relinquished the right of representation, and has adopted the whole body of Congress for its

legitimate government, as is the case with the district, is too obvious not to present itself to the minds

of all. Although in theory it might be more conge-

nial to the spirit of our institutions to admit a representative from the district, it may be doubted whe-

ther, in fact, its interests would be rendered thereby

OF THE UNITED STATES.

i more secure; amd certainly the constitution does 1820.

not consider their want of a representative in Con- "

gress as exempting it from equal taxation.

rough

If it were true that, according to the spirit of our Di'.lke.

constitution, the power of taxation must be limited

by the right of representation, whence is derived the

right' to lay and collect duties, imposts, and excises,

within this district ? If the principles of liberty, and

of our constitution, forbid the raising of revenue

from those who are not represented, do not these

principles forbid the raising it by duties, imposts,

and excises, as well as by a direct tax ? If the prin-

ciples of our revolution give a rule applicable to this

case, we cannot have forgotten that ieither the

stamp act nor the duty on tea were direct taxes.

Yet it is admitted, that the constitution not only

allows, but enjoins the government to extend the

ordinary revenue system to this district.

If it be said, that the principle of uniformity, esta-

blished in the constitution, secures the district from

oppression in the imposition of indirect taxes, it is

not less true, that the principle of apportionment,

also established in the constitution, secures the dis-

trict from any oppressive exercise of the power to lay

and collect direct taxes.

After giving this subject 'its serious attention, the

Court is unanimously of opinion, that Congress pos-

sesses, under the constitution, the power to lay and

collect direct taxes within the District of Columbia,

in proportion to the census directed to be taken by

the constitution, and that there is no error Inthe

judgment of the Circuit Court.

Judgment affirmed

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. IV'Clung
V. C' Ross.

extent of the admiralty and maritime jurisdiction granted in the

Sconstitution,

but how far it had been conferred by Congress

upon any particular Court of the Union.

(LOCAL LAW.)
M'CLUNG V. Ross.
Under the laws of Tennessee, where lands are sold by a summary pro. ceeding for the payment of taxes, it is essential to the validity of the sale, and of the deed made thereon, that every fact necessary to Xive the Court jurisdiction should appear upon the record.
Under the statute of limitations of Tennessee, the running of the statute can only be stopped by actual suit, if the party claiming under it has peaceable possession for seven years. But such a possession cannot exist if the party having the better right takes actual possession in pursuance of his right.
Onetenant'in common may oust his co-tenant, and hold in severalty; buta silent possession, unaccompanied with any act amounting to an ouster, or giving notice to the co-tenant that his possession is adverse, cannot be construed into an adverse possession.
Feb. loLh. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Williams" for the plaintiff in error, and by the Attorney- General, and Mr. F. Jones,' for the defendant.
a He cited 2 Tenn. Rep. 44. 218. 186. 365. 358. 242. 1 Tenn. Rep. 362. 467. 545. 1 Hayw. Rep. 24. 62. 65. 95. 2 Hayw. Rep. 80. 3 Mass. Rep. 379. 2 Tidd's Pract.936. 2 Binney, 223. 329. 1 Binney, 40. 4 Dall. 226. 1 Wash. Rep. 313. 9 Johns. Rep. 58. 179.
b They cited 1 Tenn. Rep. 119. 126. 436. 2 Tenn. Rep. 40t 5 Hayw. Rep. 294. 1 Hayw. 176. 4 Wheat. 77.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opt-

nion of the Court. This is an action of ejectment brought by the lessee of David Ross against Charles

M'Clung, for 5,000 acres of land, lying in the dis-

trict of East Tennessee.

At the trial of the cause, the plaintiff in the Court

below gave in evidence two grants from the State of

North Carolina, for the land in controversy, to

Stockly Donalson and John Hackett, the one dated

the 20th of September, 1787, and the other dated the

22d of February, 1795. He also gave in evidence a

deed of conveyance of the said land, purporting to

be from Stockly Donalson and John Hackett, dated

the 29th of September, 1793, and registered in Haw-

kins county, Tennessee, on the 27th of December, 1793. The regular registration of this deed, so far

as respected Stockly Donalson, was admitted by the

defendant. Its registration as to John Hackett, was

not admitted, and was proved only by the following

endorsements.

"December Sessions, 1793.

This deed was proved in open Court, and ordered to record. Test. RICHARD MITCHELLI C. H. C.

This conveyance was registered 27th of Decem-

ber, 1793, in liber G. p. 127. in the register's office of

Hawkins county.

THOMAS JACKSON, C. R."

It is stated in the bill of exceptions, that the exe-

cution of the deed on the part of Hackett, was not

proved.

The defendant also claimed under Stockly Donal-

son; but his deeds being of subsequent date, could confer no title while the deed to Ross remained in force.

18,o.
V. .Feb. i4th.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
M'Clung
V.
Ross.

For the purpose of invalidating this deed, he offered
in evidence certain records of the County Court of Rhea, showing that the land had been sold for the non-payment of taxes, had been conveyed by the
sheriff to the purchaser, and by the purchaser to the defendant. The regularity of this sale, and the validity of the deeds made in consequence of it, were contested, and the Court determined against their validity; to which opinion of the Court the counsel for the defendant excepted.
In the year 1803, the legislature of Tennessee passed an act, subjecting all lands to which the Indian claim was extinguished, held by deed, &c.to taxes. The 13th section of the act provides, that "in case there shall not be any goods or chattels on which the sheriff can distress for public taxes, &c. he shall report the same to the Court of his county." The Court is then directed to make out certain lists, and to direct certain publications, after which the Court may enter up judgment, on which execution may issue, and the lands be sold. In 1807, the legislature passed a supplementary act, the 3d section of which enacts, that it shall be the duty of the collector of taxes in each county, after the 1st day of January in each year, to make report to the Court in writing, " of all such tracts or parts of tracts of land as have, from his own knowledge, or from the information of others, not been returned for taxation for the said preceding year ; and it shall be the duty of the said Court to cause said report to be recorded in books to be kept for that purpose, and to cause judgment to be entered up for double the tax due on the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

119

said land, not returned for taxation, and so unpaid, and shall order the same to be sold," &c.
In Jar..ary, 1810, Miller Francis, collector of taxes in Rhea county for the year 1809, reported to the Court, that the following lands were not listed for taxation for the year 1809, to wit, &c. Then follows a list of several tracts of land, among which is the tract in question, reported three several times in the following terms:

1820.
M'CIUO3
RVos.s.

Reputed owners.

Quanlity.No. of title. Dateef title. Location. Tax.

Stockly Donalson,

5000

S. Donalson and John Hackett, 5000

David Ross,

5000

209 20 Sept. 1787. Pleasant, &c. 1347 22 Feb. 1795. 209 20 Sept. 1787.

Upon the return of which report the Court enter-

ed up a judgment for the sale of the said lands, and

after the publication required by law, an execution

was directed, under which the said land was sold as

being three distinct tracts ; when Robert Farquhar-

son became the purchaser of the tracts reported to

belong to Stockly Donalson, and to Stockly Do-

nalson and John Hackett; and the agent of Da-

vid Ross became the purchaser of the tract reported

to belong to David Ross.

A question of considerable difficulty arises on the Inthe unma-

validity of these sales. Under the act of 1803, the o he saloef

lands in Ten-

power

of

the

Court

to

render judgment

in such

cases

nesse, forthe
payment of

for the sale of land,

is founded

on there

being

no per-

taxes, eery
factnecessary

sonal property from which the tax might be made. to5i,j-ri-

diction to the

The jurisdiction of the Court depends on that fact.= inthe

Whether it is necessary that its existence should be record.

shown in the judgment .of the Court, is a question

on which the State Courts appear to have decided

differently at different times. But the last, and we

1820.
MCiung

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
believe, the correct opinion, reported in 5 .Haywood, 394. establishes the general principle, that in
these summary proceedings, every fact which is necessary to give jurisdiction, ought to appear in the record of the Court. The act of 1807 directs the Court to proceed on the return of the collector, that the taxes of the preceding year are unpaid, or that the land has not been returned for taxation. Whether this act, which is supplemental to that of 1803, authorizes the Court to give judgment for the sale of land, although there may be personal property in the county sufficient to pay the tax; or only varies the mode of proceeding against the land, without vary-
ing the circumstances under which it may become liable, is a question which does not appear to have been decided in Tennessee, and which it is unnecessary to decide in this case, because we are all of opinion, that if the sale was valid, Ross is to be considered as the purchaser of his own title, and Farquharson as the purchaser of the title of Donalson and Hackett. The objection to this is, that the agent of Ross stood by, and permitted Farquharson to bid. But this objection implies a knowledge on the part of Ross, or his agent, that the land sold in the name of Donalson and Hackett, was his land. There is no evidence that either of them possessed this knowledge; nor are the circumstances such as would justify its being presumed. Were the Court required to presume fraud on this occasion, it is not to Ross, or to his agent, that the evidence on this particular part of the transaction would justify us in ascribing it. We think, then, that the defendants in the Court be-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

low, acquired no title to Ross's land by the sheriff's sale or deeds. We think, then, that there was no error in rejecting these deeds.
The defendant, also, claimed the benefit of the act of limitations, which makes seven year's peaceable and adverse possession a complete bar to the action.a
In support of this claim, he relied on the testimony of John Meriott, who swore, that in pursuance of an agreement between him and John Hackett, who informed him that the land belonged to him, Hackett,

1820.
m'Clung V.
Constructionof the statute of linitations of

a The statute of Tennessee of 1797, c. 47., made to settle the true construction of the statute of limitations of North Carolina of 1715, provides, " that in all cases, whenever any person, or persons, shall have had seven years' peaceable possession of any land, by virtue of a grant, or deed of conveyance founded upon a grant, and no legal claim by suit in law, by such, set up to said land, within the above term, that then, and in that case, the person or persons, so holding possession as aforesaid, shall be entitled to hold possession, in preference to all other claimants, such quantity of land as shall be specified in his, or their said grant, or deed of conveyance founded on a grant as aforesaid." The act then proceeds to bar the claim of those who shall neglect, for the term of seven years, to avail themselves of any title they may have. . Under the statute of North Carolina, it had been determined by the Courts of that State, that it afforded protection to those only who held by colour of title. And under the "actof Ten nessee, it is settled by the decisions of the local Courts, and of this Court, that it does not, like other statutes of limitation, protect a mere naked possession, but that its operation is to be limited to a possession of seven years, acquired and held under a grant or a deed founded on a grant. PattonsI.csse. v. .aston, ante, vol. I.p. 476
T
X AT.. V

CASES IN TIE SUPREM41E COURT
1820. and the defendant, M'Clung, he tool; possession of f'CIung Sthe land in March, 1807, built a house, and cleared
V. seven or eight acres, and retained possession of the ROSS. land until the contract was rescinded. By a con-
tract with M'Clung, he agreed to hold possession for M'Ching and Hackett. It also appea red in evidence that Meriott remained in possession until the autumn of 1808, when he surrendered it to Hackett, who, in the succeeding spring, moved with his family into the house Meriott had built, where he resided until his death, since which event it has been occupied by his widow and family.
The plaintiff then proved, that in 1795, John Hackett showed this agent of Ross, the land in controversy as the land sold to him ; that in the year 1813, the same agent agreed to lease a part of the land to one Cox, who, in pursuance of the said agreement entered thereon, and built a small house, but being threatened by M'Clung with a suit, he abandoned it.
Upon this testimony, the defendant in the Circuit Court moved the Court to charge the jury, 1st. That if they believed the possession takcn by Meriott to have been on behalf of Hackett and MC/lng, and that Hackett continued said possession for himself and 11I'Clung, for seven years hefore suit, it was adverse, and would bar the claim of the lessor of the plaintiff. And farther, that the possession of the land taken by Cox, as tenant of Ross, would not suspend the statute of limitations, and that the effect of the said statute could be defeated only by suit at law.
This instruction the judge refused to give, but did

OF THE UNITED STATES.

charge the jury that Hackett was by law a tenant in common with Ross, of which character he could not discharge himselfby agreement with a younger purchaser from Donalson, and that the statute would not bar his right. With respect to the occupancy of Cox' the judge said, that merely going upon the land would not stop the running of the statute, but that if an older adverse claimant took actual possession by building houses, clearing land, &c. the operation of the statute of limitations might be thereby suspended. To this opinion, also, the counsel for the
defendant excepted. On examining the whole testimony stated in the
bill of exceptions, it appears that the contract with Hackett, which is stated by Meriott in his deposition, was a contrict for the sale and purchase of a part of the tract of 6,000 acres sold by Donalson to Ross, and that his contract with M'Clung was a sale of M'Clung's part of the same land, on condition that he would hold the whole tract for M'Clung and Hackett. The actual possession of Meriott, then, does not appear to have extended beyond his purchase. He does not allege that Hackett put him in possession of more laud than was sold to him; nor does it appear that M'Clung put him in po:,session of any land farther than the virtual possession which was to be implied from the agreement which has been stated. The possession of Meriott, then, was an actual possession of a part of the land under a purchase. It was his own possessioa, in his own right; and not the possession of Hackett and M'Clung. His agreement with T'Ching to holi

1.eo.
'* hmg v.

124,

CASES IN THE SUPR EME COURT

1820. ung-
R.

the residue of the land for Hackett and M'Ciung.

never having been followed, so far as is shown to the

Court, by actual sidue,

occupation

of

any part of that re-

cannot, we think, be construed into such a

possession by Hackett and M'Clung as to affect the

title of Ross. If the defendant cannot avail himself

of the possession of Meriott, then it is not shown

that the bar was complete when this suit was brought.

The contract of sale with Meriott was rescinded in

the autumn or winter of 1808, and Hackett entered

into the land in the spring of 1809. This suit was

instituted on the 27th of March, 1816. The testi-

mony does not show that the entry of Hackett was

anterior to the 27th of March, 1809. This, howe-

ver, ought to be left to the jury. But the judge was

of opinion that the possession of Hackett was not

adverse to that of Ross, because they were tenants

in common.

That one tenant in common may oust his co-te-

tenant and-hold in severalty, is not to be questioned.

But a silent possession, accompanied with no act

which can amount to an ouster, or give notice to his

co-tenant that his possession is adverse, ought not,

we think, to be construed into an adverse possession.

The principles laid down in Barr v. G ratz, (4 Wheat.

213.) apply to this case.

Neither does it appear to this Court, that there is

error in that part of the charge which respects the

occupation of Cox on the part of Ross. It is, that

merely going upon the land will not stop the running

of the statute, but that if an older adverse claimant

took actual possession by building houses, clearing

OF THE UNITED -STATES.

12.5

land, &c., the operation of the statute of limitations 1820. might be thereby suspended. It has been contend- "'"n ed, that the statute of Tennessee can be stopped V. only by actual suit. This is true, when the possession is such as by its continuance to constitute a bar. But to make it such, it must be peaceable for seven years. This is the fact which creates the bar. This
fact cannot exist, if the person having the better title takes actual possession in pursuance of his right. It is unnecessaiy to inquire whether the subsequent abandonment of this possession rendered it in this case a nullity, because the point is rendered unimportant by the circumstances that Ross and Hackett were tenants in common. There is, then, no error in the charge so far as respects the statute.of limita-
tions. But the counsel also requested the judge to charge
the jury, that the name of Hackett being signed to the deed from Stockly and Donalson to Ross, since the delivery of said deed, amounts to such an alteration or addition as will vitiate such deed, unless accounted for by the plaintiff. This charge, also, .the judge refused to give, but did instruct the jury that the title was vested in Ross by the deed from Donalson, .nd could not be devested, although there might be an alteration or addition in a material
part of the said deed, such as the name of Hackett being put to the deed and not proved.
There is some ambiguity in this instruction, and rGro,r,r,nridg tfhe there is some doubt in the state of the fact. The Jt,h,glmicaseseit. ircounsel for the defendant assumes the fact, that the signature of Hackett was affixed to the deed after its

CAbES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. delivery. This does not appear in the evidence as stated. Nor does it appear whether the signature of Ha.ckett was affixed, before or after the deed was re-
Ros. gistered. It was not proved or registered as to Hac-
kett, and is void as to him. The Court is not, however, prepared to say, that it is void as to Donalson. But the instruction given by the judge is in terms which might mislead the jury, and which appear in fact to have misled them. He says, that the title was vested in Ross by the deed from Donalson, and could not be devested by the addition of the name of Hackett. Now, this suit was instituted for the whole tract, and the title asserted by Ross was a title to the whole tract. The instruction of the judge might have been understood as informing the jury that the title vested by the deed conformed to the title claimed by Ross. In fact, it was so understood ; for the jury found a verdict for the whole tract, and the-Court gave its judgment for the whole. Now, Ross had no title to more than a moiety, and the judge ought so to have instructed the jury. For this reason, the judgment is to be reversed, and the cause remanded for a new trial.
Judgment reversed.
JUDGMENT.-This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for East Tennessee, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that the Circuit Court erred in instructing the jury that the title to the whole tract of land in the proceedings mentioned, and for which judgment was

OF THE UNITED STATES.

rendered in the said Circuit Court, was vested in David Ross, whereas the said Court ought to have instructed the jury that only a moiety of the said land was vested in him. It is, therefore, ADJUDGED and ORDERED, that the judgment of the said Circuit Courtin this case be, and the same is, hereby reversed and annulled. And it is further ordered, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court with directions to issue a venirefaciasde novo.

1820. The Venus.

(PRIZE.)
The VEN*S, JADEMEROWSKY, Claimant.
A question of proprietary interest, on farther proof. Restitution decreed.
Captors' costs and expenses ordered to be paid by the claimant, it being his fault that defective documents were put on board.
On fartherproof, the affidavit of the claimant is indispensably necessary.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Georgia. This cause was continued for farther proof at February term, 1816. (Vide ante, vol. I. p. 112.) Owing to various accidents, the farther proof was not received until the last term, and the cause was now argued upon the farther proof then produced and filed. It consisted of invoices of the cargo ; bills of lading; accounts of sale ; accounts of disbursements the original correspondence between the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

435

JLaw, he is entitled to relief. But the principles 18i2o.

being established, this becomes a mere matter of nu- The Atalaa-

merical calculation.

ta.

Decree accordingly.

(PRIZE.)
The ATALAJTA.-FauSSat, Claimant.
A question of proprietary interest on farther proof. Condemnation pronounced.
This cause was continued at February term, 1 8,'a for farther proof, but the farther proof received at the last term being unsatisfactory, it was again, continued, on account of some peculiarcircumstances in the case, to the preselnt term, when no farther proof being produced, condemnation was pro, nounced.
Decree reversed, a Pide Ante, Vol. II1. p. 409.
VOL. V

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
OF THE
SUPR]EM COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1820.

(CONSTITUTIONAL LAW.)

HOUSTON V. MOORE.

The act of the State of Pennsylvania, of the 28th of March, 1814, (providing, (see. 2 1.) that the officers and privates of the militia of that State, neglecting or refusing to serve, when called into actual service, in pursuance of any order or requisition 9f the President 6k the United States, shall be liable to the penalties defined in the act of Congress of the 28th of February, 1795, c 277., or to any penalty which may have been prescribed since the date of that act, or which may hereafter he prescribed by any law of the United States, and also providing for the trial of such delinquents by a State Court Martial, and that a list of the delinquents fined by such Court should be furnished to the Marshal of the United States, &c. and also to the Comptroller of the Treasury of the United States, in order that the further proceedings directed to be had thereon by the laws of the
United States might be completed,) is not repugnant to the constitution and laws of the United States.

THis was a writ of error to the Supreme Court

of the State of Pennsylvania, in a case where was

drawn in question the validity of a statute of that

VOT?.. V.

.1

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
I-Iouston
V.
Moore.

State, on the ground of its repugnancy to the con-
stitution and laws of the United States, and the decision was in favour of its validity. The statute which formed the ground of controversy in the State

court, was passed on the 28th of March, 1814, and enacts, among other things, (Sec. 21.) that every non-commissioned officer and private of the militia who shall have neglected or refused to serve when called into actual service, in pursuance of any order or requisition of the President of the United States, -shall be liable to the penalties defined in the act of the Congress of the United States, passed on the 28th of February, 1795; and then proceeds to enumerate them, and to each clause adds--" or shall
be liable to any penalty which may have been prescribed since the date of the passing of the said act, or which may hereafter be prescribed by any law of the United States." The statute then further provides that, " within one month after the expiration of the time for which any detachment of militia shall have been called into the service of the United States, by or in pursuance of orders from
the President of the United States, the proper brigade inspector shall summon a general or a regimental Court Martial, as the case may be, for the trial of such person or persons belonging to the detachment called out, who shall have refused or neglected to march therewith, or to furnish a sufficient substitute; or who, after having marched therewith, shall have returned, without leave from his commanding officer, of which delinquents the proper brigade inspector shall furnish to the said Court

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Martial an accurate list. And as soon as the said Court Martial shall have decided in each of the cases which shall be submitted to their consideration, the President thereof shall furnish to the Marshal of the United States, or to his deputy, and also to the Comptroller of the Treasury of the United States, a list of the delinquents fined, in order that the further proceedings directed to be had thereon by the laws of the United States, may be completed."
Houston, the plaintiff in error, and in the original suit, was a private, enrolled in the Pennsylvania militia, and belonging to the detachment of the militia which Was ordered out by the Governor of that State, in pursuance of a requisition from the Presi-
dent of the United States, dated the 4th of July, 1814. Being duly notified and called upon, he neglected to march with the detachment to the appointed place ol rendezvous. He was tried for this delinquency before a Court Martial summoned under the authority of the executive of that State, in pursuance of the section of the statute above referred to. He appeared before the Court Martial, pleaded not guilty, and was in due form sentenced to pay a fine; for levying of which on his property, he brought an action of trespass in the State Court of Common Pleas, against the Deputy Marshal by whom it was levied. At the trial in that Court, the plaintiff prayed the Court to instruct the Jury, that the first, second, and third paragraphs of the 21st section of the above statute of Pennsylvania, so far as they related to the militia called into the

1820.
Houston
V.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. Houston
V.
loore.
NarcA15th,

service of the United States, under the laws of
Congress, and who failed to obey the orders of the President of the United States, are contrary to the constitution of the United States, and the laws of Congress made in pursuance thereof, and are, therefore, null and void. The Court instructed the jury that these paragraphs were not contrary to the constitution or laws of the United States, and were, therefore, not null and void. A verdict and judgment was thereupon rendered for the defendant, Moore; which judgment being carried by writ of error before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, the highest court of law or equity of that State, was affirmed; and the cause was then brought before this Court, under the 25th sectidn of the Judiciary Act of 1789, c. 20.
This cause was argued at the last term, and continued to the present term for advisement.
Mr..Holkins, for the plaintiff in error, argued,

1819. that the constitutional power of Congress over the

militia, is exclusive of State authority, exdept'as to officering and training them according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. By the constitution of the United States, (art. 1. s. 8.) Congress is invested with power "to provide for calling forth the militia, to execute the laws of thd Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions." And also, "to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-
ciplining the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the
United States, reserving to the States respectively

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the appointment of the officers, and the authority of 1820. training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress." The terms " to provide for V. calling forth," import an authority to place the mili- Mopre tia under the power of the United States; in certain cases, implying a command, which the militia arq bound to obey. Congress has exercised this authority by au horizing the President to call forth the militia in the cases mentioned in the constitution, and inflicting penalties on those who disobey the call., Whenever a draft is made, the persons drafted are immediately, and to all intents and purposes, in the service of the United States, and from that moment all State authority over them ceases. The power to govern the militia, thus called forth, and employed in the service of the United States, is exclusively in the national government. A national militia grew out of the federal constitution, and did not previously exist. It is in its very nature one indivisible object, and of the utmost importance to the support of the federal authority and government.' But even supposing this power not to be exclusively vested in Congress, and admitting it to be concurrentbetween the United States' government, and the respective State governments; as Congress have legislated on the subject matter, to the extent of the authority given, State legislation, which is subordinate, is necessarily excluded. Even where the grant of a certain power to the government of the Union is not,
a Act of the 28th of February, 1795, c. 277. (CI.) b Livingston v. Van Ingen, 9 Johns. Rep. 507. 565. 575.

18-20.
Houston
v.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in express terms, exclusive, yet 'if the exercise of it by that government be practically inconsistent with the exercise of the same power by the States, their laws must yield to the supremacy of the laws
of the United States.a Meade's case is an example of the application of the same principle to the very question now before the Court.' Is it possible that Congress meant to give power to a State Court, without naming the Court, or granting the power in express terms ? The exercise of this jurisdiction by a State Court Martial would either oust the United States' Courts of their jurisdiction, or might subject the alleged delinquents to be twice tried and punished for the same offence. If the State Court could try them, the Governor of the State could pardon them for an offence committed against the laws of the United States. There is, in various particulars, a manifest repugnancy between the two laws. They are in direct collision; and, consequently, the State law is void. Again; if the State of, Pennsylvania had power to pass the act of the 28th of March, 1814, or the 21st section of that act, it was superseded by the act of Congress of the 18th of April, 1814, c. 670., occupying the same ground, and making a more complete provision on the same subject. These two laws are still more manifestly repugnant and inconsistent with each other. Again; if the State law was constitutional, and not superseded by the act of Congress of the 18th of April, 1814, c. 670. still the treaty of peace
a Livingston v. Van Ingen, 9 Johns. Rep. 507. 565. 575. 5 Hall's Law Journ. 536.

-OF THE UNITED STATES.

between the United States and Great Britain, ratified in February, 1815, suspended and abrogated all proceedings under the State law.

i8-20.
Houston V.
M''oore.

Mr. C. J. Ingersoll and Mr. Rogers, contra, insisted, that there were many cases in which the laws of the United States are carried into effect by State Courts and State officers; that this was contemplated by the framers of the constitution; -that the Governor of Pennsylvania, by whom the Court Martial, in the present case, was summoned, is the commander in chief of the militia of that State, except when. called into the actual service of the United States. The militia drafted in pursuance of the requisition of the President were not in actual service, until mustered, and in the pay of the United States ; until they reached the place of rendezvous, and were put under the command of the United States' officers.. It is not the requisition, but the obedience to the requisition, which makes the persons drafted amenable to martial law, as a part of the military force of the Union. When the constitution speaks of the power of "calling forth" the militia, it means an effectual calling, The plaintiff was called,*but not called forth. The power invested in Congress, is to determine in what mode the requisition -shall be made; how the quota of each State is to be apportioned; from what States requisitions shall be made in particular cases; and by what process the call is to be enforced. Congress not having directed the mode by which Courts Martial are to be summoned and held for the pur-
pose of 6enibreijg it, the States have a coiastitutional

CASES IN THE SUPRE-ME COURT

1820.
Houston r,
M oore.

authority to supply the omission. Before this
Court proceeds to declare the State law made for this purpose to be void, it must be satisfied, beyond all doubt, of its repugnancy to the constitution."
The case must fall within some of the express prohibitory clauses of the constitution, or some of its clearly implied prohibitions. It must not be the exercise of a political discretion with which the legislature is invested, for that can never become the subject of judicial cognizance. It is insisted, that the power of Congress over the militia is a concurrent, and not an exclusive power. All powers, which previously existed in the States, and which are not expressly delegated to the United States, are reserved.' The power of making laws on the subject of the militia is not prohibited to the States, and has always been exercised by them. The necessity of a concurrent jurisdiction in certain cases results from the peculiar division of the powers of sovereignty in our government; and the principle, that all authorities of which the States are not expressly devested in favour of the Union, or the exercise of which, by the States, would be repugnant to those granted to the Union, are reserved to the States, is not only a theoretical consequence of that division, but is clearly admitted by the whole tenor of the constitution. The cotemporaneous construction of the constitu-

a Calder et ux. v. Bull et ux. 3 Dali. 399. Emerick v. Harris, I Binney, 416. 423. 6 Cranch, 87. Cooper v. Telfair, 4 Dall. 14. 18.
b Livingston et al. v. Van Ingen, 9 Johns. Rep. 501. 665. 573. et seq. 1 Tuck. Bl. Com. Appx. 308.

OF .THE UNITED STATES.
tion, by those who supported its adoption, supposes the power in question to be concurrent, and not exelusive.a The power of the States over the militia is not taken away; it existed in them before the establishment of the constitution, and there being no negative clauge prohibiting its exercise by them, it still resides in the-States, so far as an exercise of. it by them is not absolutely repugnant to the authority of the Union. Before the militia are actually employed in the service of the United States, Congress has only a power coficurrent with that of the States, to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining them. rhe authority of appointing the officers and training the militia, is expressly reserved to the States, because, in these respects, it was intended that they should have an exclusive power. So, also, Congress has the exclusive power of governing such part of
the militia as may be actually employed in the service of- the United States ; but not until it is thus actually employed. The power of governing the militia, is the power of subjecting it to the rules and articles of war. But it is a principle manifestly implied in the constitution, that the militia cannot be subjected to martial law, except when in actual service, in time of war, rebellion, or invasion.b It necessarily results from the circumstance of the power of making provision for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia behg concurrent, that if

1820. "st
v.
Moore.

a Letters of Publius. or the Federalist, Nos. 27. 32. in the Virginia Convention, 272. 284. 29G. 298.
b I Tucker's B!. aim. 213. Duffield v. Smith. 6 306.
Yo,.. V

Debates Biane,v.

is-zo. ,.sv,.
.v.
'toorc.

, A-i- IN TIE S;UPREE COURT
Congress has not legiqlated upon any part of the subject, the States hai c a right to supply the omission. 'rhis right has been exercised, in the present ease, in aid of, and not in hostility to, the federal authorily. The fines which are collected under the law, are not appropriated to the use of the State, but are to be paid into the treasury of the Union. The power of making uniform laws of naturalization is different from that now under consideration. The power of naturalization is an authority granted to the Union, to which a similar authority in the States would be absolutely and totally repugnant. A naturalized citizen of one State would be entitled to all the privileges of a citizen in every other State, and the greatest confusion would be produced by a variety of rules on the subject. But even naturalization hasbeen sometimes held to be a power residing concurrently in the Union and the States, and to be exercised by the latter in such a way as not to contravene the rule established by the Union: But in the present case, the State law is not inconsistent %Ith the act of Congress. It comes in Aid of it. It Lupplies its defects, and r,,medies its imperft'ctions. It co-operates with it for the promotion of the same 1:ud. '[he offence which is made punishable by the State lak, is an offence against the State, as well as the Union. It being the duty of the State to furnish its quota, it has a right to compel the drafted militia to appear and march. Calling the militia forth, and governing them after they are in actual ser-

,: Collet v. Collet, 2 Dal. 294. T96.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

vice, are two distinct things. A State law, acting upon the militia before they have entered into the actual service of the Union, is so far from interfering with the power of Congress to legislate on the same subject, that it may have, and, we contend, that it does have, in the present case, a powerful effect ia aid of the national authority. But it would be almost impossible for the State to enact a law concerning the militia, after they are in the actual service of the United States, which would not be irreconcilable with the authority of the latter. Even supposing that Congress should pass a law inflicting one penalty for disobedience to the call, and the State inflict another, they would still both co-operate to the same end. In practice, the delinquent could not be punished twice for the same offence; but there would be no theoretical repugnancy between the two laws. Congress, in the statutes enacted by them, have not intended to compel citizens enrolled in the militia to enter into the actual service of the United States. It is not a conscription; but a draft, with the option to the individual to be excused from a specific performance of the duty by the payment of a pecuniary composition. The acts of Congress are defective in not providing how, or by whom, Courts Martial shall be held, for the trial of delinquents, and the collection of these pecuniary penalties. The State legislature, acting with a sincere desire to promote the objects of the national government, supplied these defects, by adding such details as were indispensably necessary to execute the acts of Congress.

s820.
Houston
More.

CASES IN T11E SUPREME COURT

1820.
H"ouston
V.
FeMbo.or1e6.th.
1.0.

There is, then, a perfect harmony between the two laws.

Thejudgment

of

ti
tie

Court

a
was

delivered

at the

present term, by Mr. Justice WASHINGTON, who,

after stating the facts of the case, proceeded as follows:
1There is but one question in this cause, and it is, whether the act of the legislature of Pennsylvania, under the authority of which the plaintiff in error was tried, and sentenced to pay a fine, is repugnant to the Constitution of the United States, or not ?
But before this question can be clearly understood, it will be necessary to inquire, 1. What are the powers granted to the general government, by the Constitution of the United States, over the militia ? and, 2. To what extent they have been assumed and exercised ?
1. The constitution declares, that Congress shall have power to provide for calling forth the militia in three specified cases: for organizing, arming, and disciplining them; and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States ; reserving to the States, respectively, the
appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress. It is further provided, that the President of the United States shall be commander of the militia, when called into the actual service of the United States.
2. After the constitution went into operation, Congress proceeded by inany successive acts to ex-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ercise these powers, and to provide for all the cases contemplated by the constitution.
The act of the 2d of May, 1792, which is re-enacted almost verbatim by that of the 28th of February, 1795, authorizes the President of the United States, in case of invasion, or of imminent danger of it, or when it may be necessary for executing the laws of the United States, or to suppress insurrections, to call forth such number of the militia of the States most convenient to the scene of action, as he may judge necessary, and to issue his orders for that purpose, to such officer of the militia as he shall think proper. It prescribes the amount of pay and allowances of the militia so called forth, and employed in the service of the United States, and subjects them to the rules and articles of war applicable to the regular troops. It then proceeds to prescribe the punishment to be inflicted upon delinquents, and the tribunal which is to try them, by declaring, that every officer or private who should fail to obey the orders of the President, in any of the cases before recited, should be liable to pay a certain fine, to be determined and adjudged by a Court Martial, and to be imprisoned, by a like sentence, on faijure of payment. The Courts Martial for the trial of militia,
are to be composed of militia officers only, and the fines to be certified by the presiding officer of the court, to the marshal of the district, and to be levied by him, and, also, to the supervisor, to whom the fines are to be paid over.
The act of the 18th of April, 1814, provides, that Courts Martial, to be composed of militia officers

1820. Houston
v. Moore.

1820.
'4uton
V.
MIoore.

CASES IN THE SUPIREME COURT
only, for the trial of militia, drafted, detached and called Jbrth Jor the service of the United States, whether acting in conjunction with the regular forces or otherwise, shall, whenever necessary, be
appointed, held, and conducted in the manner prescribed by the rules and articles of war, for appointtug, holding and conducting Courts Martial for the trial of delinquents in the army of the United States. Where the punishment prescribed, is by stoppage of pay, or imposing afine limited by the amount of pay, the same is to have relation to the monthly pay existing at the time the offence was committed. The 'esidue of the act is employed in prescribing the manner of conducting the trial; the rules of evidence for the government of the Court; the time of service, and other matters not so material to the present inquiry. The only remaining act of Congress which it will be necessary to notice in this general summary of the laws, is that of the 8th of May, 1792, for establishing an uniform militia in the United States. It declares who shall be subject to be enrolled in the militia, and who shall be-exempt; what arms and accoutrements the officers and privates shall provide themselves with; arranges them into divisions, brigades, regiments, battalions, and companies, in such manner as the State legislatures may direct; declares the rules of discipline by which the militia is to be governed, and makes provision for such as should be disabled whilst in the actual service of the United States. The pay and subsistence of the militia, whilst in service, are provided

OF THE UNITED STATES,

for by other acts of Congress, and particularly by one passed on the third of January, 1795.
The laws which I have referred to, amount to a full execution of the powers conferred upon Congress by the constitution. They provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasion. They also provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States; leaving to the States respectively, the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training them according to the discipline prescribed by Congress.
This system may not be formed with as much wisdom as, in the opinion of some, it might have been, or as time and experience may hereafter suggest. But to my apprehension, the whole ground of Congressional legislation is covered by the laws referred to. The manner in which the militia is to be organized, armed, disciplined, and governed, is fully prescribed; provisions are made for drafting, detaching, and calling forth the State quotas, when required by the President. The President's orders may be given to the chief executive magistrate of the State, or to any militia officer he may think proper; neglect, or refusal to obey orders, is declared to be an offence against the laws of the United states, and subjects the offender to trial, sentence and punishment, to be adjudged by a Court Martial, to be summoned in tle way pointed out by the articles and rules of war; and the mode of proceeding to

1820.
Houston
v. Moore.

1820.
Hloustoni V.
Moore_-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
be observed bv these courts, is detailed with all ne-
cessary perspicuity. If I am not mistaken in this view of the subject,
the way is now open for the examination of the great question in the cause. Is it competent to a Court Martial, deriving its jurisdiction under State authority, to try, and to punish militia men, drafted, detached, and called forth by the President into the service of the United States, who have refused, or neglected to obey the call ?
In support of thejudgment of the Court below, I understand the leading arguments to be the two following: I. That militia men, when called into the service of the United States by the President's orders, communicated either to the executive magistrateor to any inferior militia officer of a State, are not to be considered as being in the service of the United States until they are mustered at the place of rendezvous. If this be so, then, 2dly. The State retains a right, concurrent with the government of the United States, to punish his delinquency.. It is admitted on the one side, that so long as the militia are acting under the military jurisdiction of the State to which they belong, the powers of legislation over them are concurrent in the general and State government. Congress has power to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining them; and this power being unlimited, except in the two particulars of officering and training them, according to the discipline to be prescribed by Congress, it may be exercised to any extent that may be deemed necessary by Congress. But as State militia, the power of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the State governments to legislate on the same sub- 1&-2o.
jects, having existed prior to the formation of the constitution, and not having been prohibited by that V. instrument, it remains with the States, subordinate nevertheless to the paramount law of the general government, operating upon the same subject. On the other side, it is conceded, that after a detachment of the militia have been called forth, and have entered into the service of the United States, the authority of the general government over such detachment is exclusive. This is also obvious. Over the national militia, the State governments never had, or could have, jurisdiction. None such is conferred by the constitution of the United States; consequently, none such can exist.
'The first qu,.stion then is, at what time, and under
what circumstances, does a portion of militia, drafted,-detached, and calh d forth by the President, enter into the servic.- of the United States, and change their character from State to National militia? That Congress might by law have fixed the period, by confining it to the draft; the order given to the Chief Magistrate, or other militia officer ofthe State; to the arrival of the men at the place of rendezvous; or to any other circumstance, I can entertain no doubt. This would certainly be included in the more extensive powers of calling forth the militia, organizing, arming, disciplining, and governing them. But has Congress made any declaration on this subject, and in what manner is the will of that body, as expressed in the before mentioned laws, to be construed ? It must be conceded, that there is

VOL. V.

3

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
18O. no law of the United States which declares in ex-
Houston press terms, that the organizing, arming, and equip-MV.oorep.pinng a ddtectachmeut, on the order of the President to
the'State militia officers, or to the militia men personally, places them in the service of the United States. It is true, that the refusal or neglect of the militia to obey the orders of the President, is declared to be an offence against the United States, and sulects the offcndr " to a certain prescribed punishinent. But this flows from the power bestowed upon the general governmnt to cull them forth; and, consequetly, to punish disobedience to a legal order; and by no means proves, that the call of the President places the detachment in the service of the United States. But although Congress has been less explicit on this subject than they might have been, and it could be wished they had been, I am, nevertheless, of opinion, that a fair construction of the different militia laws of the United States, will lead to a conclusion, that something more than organizing and equipping a detachment, and ordering it into service, was considered as necessary to place the militia in the service of the United States. That preparing a detachment for such service, does not place it in the service, is clearly to be collected from the various temporary laws which have been passed, authorizing the President to require of the State executives to organize, arm, and equip their State quotas of militia for the service of the United States. Because they all provide that the requisition shall be to hold such quotas in readiness to march at a moInent's warning ; and same, if not all of them,, au-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

thorize the President to call into actual service any part, or the whole of said quotas, or detachments; clearly distinguishing between the orders of the President to organize, and hold the detachments in readinessfor service, and their entering into service.
The act of the 28th of February, 1795, declares, that the militia employed in the service of the United States, shall receive the same pay and allowance as the troops of the United States, and shall be subject to the same rules and articles of war. The provisions made for disabled militia men, and for their families, in case of their death, are, by other laws, confined to such militia as are, or have been, in actual service. There are other laws which seem very strongly to indicate the time at which they are considered as being in service. Thus, the act of the 28th of February, 1795, declares, that a militia man called into the service of the United States, shall not be compelled to serve more than three months after his anival at the place of rendezvous, in any one year. The 8th section of the act of the 18th of April, 1814, declares, that the militia, when called into the service of the United States, if, in the President's opinion, the public interest requires it, may be compelled to serve for a term not exceeding six months, after theirarrivalat theplace of rendezvous, in any one year; and by the 10th section, provision is made for the expenses which may be incurred by marching the militia to their places of rendezvous, in pursuance of a requisition of the President, and they are to be adjusted and paid in like manner as those incurred after thbir arrival at the rendezvous.

1820.
H ,.
Moor.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Dlouston V.
Moore.

The 3d section of the act of the 2d of January, 1795, provides, that whenever the militia shall be
called into the actual service of the United States, their pay shall be deemed to commencefrom the day of their appearingat the place of battalion,rqimental, or brigade rendezvous, allowing a day's pay and ration for every 15 miles from their homes to said
rendezvous. From this brief summary of the laws, it would
seem, that actual service was considered by Congress as the criterion of national militia ; and that the service did not commence until the arrival of the
militia at the place of rendezvous. That is the terminus a quo, the service, the pay, and subjection tp the articles of war, are to commence and continue. If the service, in particular, is to continue for a certain length of time, from a certain day, it would seem to follow, almost conclusively, that the service commenced on that, and not on some prior day. And, indeed, it would seem to border somewhat upon an absurdity, to say, that a militia man was in the service of the United States at any time, who, so far from entering into it for a single moment, had refused to do so, and who never did any act to connect him with such service. It has already been admitted, that if Congress had pleased so to declare, a militia man, called into the service of the United States, might have been held and considered as being constructively in that service, though not actually so; and might have been treated in like manner as if he had appeared at the place of rendezvous. But Congress has not so declated, nor have they made

OF THE UNITED STATES.

any provision applicable to such a case ; on the contrary, it would appear, that a fine to be paid by the
delinquent militia man, was deemed an equivalent for his services, and an atonement for his disobedience.
If, then, a militia man, called into the service of the United States, shall refuse to obey the order, and is, consequently, not to be considered as in the service of the United States, or removed from the military jurisdiction of the state to which be belongs, the next question is, is it competent to the State to provide for trying and punishing him.for his disobedience, by a Court Martial, deriving its authority under the State P It may be admitted at once, that the militia belong to the States, respectively, in which they are enrolled, and that they are subject, both in their civil and military capacities, to the jurisdiction and laws of such State, except so far as those laws are controlled by acts of Congress constitutionally made. Congress has power to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia;
and it is presumable, that the framers of the consti tution contemplated a full exercise of all these powers. Nevertheless, if Congress had declined to exercise them, it was competent to the State governments to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining their respective militia, in such manner as they might think proper. But Congress has provided.for all these subjects, in the way which that .body must have supposed the best calculated to promote the general welfare, and to provide for the national defence. After this, can the State govern-

1820. Houston
Ma"re,

1820.
liouston
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ments enter upon the same ground-provide for the
same objects as they may think proper, and punish in their own way violations of the laws they have so enacted ? The affirmative of this question is asserted by the defendant's counsel, who, it is understood, contend, that unless such State laws are in direct contradiction to those of the United States, they are not repugnant to the Constitution of the United States.
From this doctrine, I must, for one, be permitted to dissent. The two laws may not be in such absolute opposition to each other, as to render the one incapable of execution, without violating the injunctions of the other ; and yet, the will of the one legislature may be in direct collision with
that of the other. This witl is to be discovered as well by what the legislature has not declared, as by what they have expressed. Congress, for example, has declared, that the punishment for disobedience of the act of Congress, shall be a certain fine; if that provided by the State legislature for the same offence be a siniilar fine, with the addition of imprisonment or death, the latter law would not prevent the former from being carried into execution, and may be said, therefore, not to be repugnant to it. But surely the will of Congress is, nevertheless, thwarted and opposed.
This question does not so much involve a contest for power between the two governments, as the riglts and privileges of the citizen, secured to him by the Constitution of the United States, the benefit of which he may lawfully claim.

OF TE UNITED STATES.

If, in a specified case, the people have thought proper to bestow certain powers on Congress as the safest depositary of them, and Congress has legislated within the scope of them, the people have reason to complain that the same powers should be exercised at the same time by the State legislatures. To subject them to the operation of two laws upon the same subject, dictated by distinct wills, particularly in a case inflicting pains and penalties, is, to my apprehension, something very much like oppression) if not worse. In short, I am altogether incapable of comprehending how two distinct wills can, at the same time, be exercised in relation to the same subject, to be effectual, and at the same time compatible with each other. If they correspond in every respect, then the latter is idle and inoperatiie ; if they differ, they must, in the nature of things, oppose each other, so far as they do differ. If the one imposes a certain punishment for a certain of'fence, the presumption is, that this was deemed sufficient, and, under all circumstances, the only proper one. If the other legislature impose a different punishment, in kind or degree, I am at a loss to conceiVe how they can both consist harmoniously together.
I admit that a legislative body may, by different laws, impose upon the same person, for the same offence, different and cumulative punishments; but then it is the will of the same body to do so, and the second, equally with the first law, is the will of that body. There is, therefore, and can be, no opposition of wills. ' But the case is altogether different, where

1820. ilouston Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. the laws flow from the wills of distinct, co-ordinate
"HoZuston' bodies.
-. This course of reasoning is intended as an answer to what I consider a novel and unconstitutional doc-
trine, that in cases where the State governments have a concurrent power of legislation with the national government, they may legislate upon any subject on which Congress has acted, provided the two laws are not in terms, or in their operation, contradic-
tory and repugnant to each other. Upon the subject of the militia, Congress has ex-
ercised the powers conferred on that body by the constitution, as fully as was thought right, and has thus excluded the power of legislation by the States on these subjects, except so far as it has been permitted by Congress; although it should be conceded, that important provisions have been omitted, or that others which have been made might have been more extended, or more wisely devised.
There still remains another question to be considered, which more immediately involves the merits of this cause. Admit that the legislaturc of Pennsylvania could not constitutionally legislate in respect to delinquent militia men, and to prescribe the punishment to which they should be subject, had the State Court Martial jurisdiction over the subject, so as to enforce the laws of Congress againstthese delinquents ?
This, it will be seen, is a different question from that which has been just examined. That respects the power of a State legislature to legislate upon a subject, on which Congress has declared its will. This congerns the jurisdiction of a State military tri-

OF TIHE UNITED STATES.

bunal to adjudicate in a case which depends on a

law of Congress, and to enforce it. It has been already shown that Congress has pre-
stribed the punishment to be inflicted on a militia

man detached and called forth, but who has refused

to march ; and has also provided that Courts Martial

for the trial of such delinquents, to be composed of

militia officers only, shall be held and conducted in

the manner pointed out by the rules and articles of

war.

That Congress might have vested the exclusive

jurisdiction in Courts Martial to be held and con-

ducted as the laws of the United States have pre-

scribed, will, I presume, hardly be questioned. The

offence to be punished grows out of the constitution

and laws of the United States, and is, therefore, clearly

a case which might have been withdrawn from the

concurrent jurisdiction of the State tribunals. But

an exclusive jurisdiction is not given to Courts Mar-

tial, deriving their authority under the national go-

vernment, by express words :-the question then (and

I admit the difficulty of it) occurs, is this a case in

which the State Courts Martial could exercise juris-

diction ?

Speaking upon the subject of the federal judiciary,

the Federalistdistinctly asserts the doctrine, that the

United States, in the course of legislation upon the

objects entrusted to their direction, may cbmmit the

decision of causes arising upon a particular regula-

tion to the federal Courts solely, if it should be

deemed expedient, yet that in every case, in which

the 9tate tribunals should not be expressly ex-

jr°. V

4

1820.
H-ouston
M.

CA.-,ES IN TIHE SUPREME COURT

1so.
Houston Moro.re.

cluded by the acts of the national legislature, they
would, of course, take cognizance of the causes to which those acts migZht give birth."
I can discover, I confess, nothing unreasonable in this doctrine; nor can I perceive any inconvenience which can grow out of it, so long as the power of Congress to withdraw the whole, or any part of those cases, from the jurisdiction of the State Courts, is, as I think it must be, admitted.
The practice of the general government seems strongly to confirm this doctrine ; for at the first session of Congress which commenced after the adoption of the constitution, the judicial system was formed ; and the exclusive and concurrent jurisdiction conferred upon the Courts created by that law, were clearly distinguished and marked; showing that, in the opinion of that body, it was not sufficient to vest an exclusive jurisdiction, where it was deemed proper, merely by a grant of jurisdictiou generally. In particular, this law grants exclusive jurisdiction to the Circuit Courts of all crimes and offences cognizable under the authority of the United States, except where the laws of the United States
should otherwise provide; and this will account for the proviso in the act of the 24th of February, 1807, cl. 75., concerning the lbrgery of the notes of the Bank of the United States, "that nothing in that act contained should be construed to deprive the courts of the individual States of jurisdiction under the laws of the several States over offences made punishable by that act." A similar proviso is to be found in the act of the 21st of April.

a Tetters .I Publinv'. or te Feder,,Il,

Ve 8

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1806, ch. 49., concerning the counterfeiters of the current coin of the United States. It is clear that, in the opinion of Congress, this saving was necessary in order to authorize the exercise of concurrent jurisdiction by the State Courts over those offences ; and there can be very little doubt but that this opinion was well founded. The judiciary act had vested in the federal courts exclusive juris-
diction of all offences cognizable under the authority of the United States, unless where the laws of the United States should otherwise direct. The States could not, therefore, exercise a concurrent jurisdiction in those cases, without coming into direct collision with the laws of Congress. But by these savings Congress did provide, that the jurisdiction of the federal Courts in the specified cases should not be exclusive ; and the concurrent jurisdiction of the State Courts was instantly restored, so far as, under State authority, it could be exercised by them.
There are many other acts of Congress which permit jurisdiction over the. offences therein described, to be exercised by State magistrates and Courts ; not, I presume, because such permission was considered to be necessary under the constitution, in order to vest a concurrent jurisdiction in those tribunals; but because, without it, the jurisdiction was exclusively vested in the national Courts by the judiciary act, and conse.quently could not be otherwise exercised by the State Courts. For I hold it to be perfectly clear, that Congress cannot confer jurisdiction upon any Courts, but such as exist under the constitution and laws of the United States, although the State Courts

182).
%
Houston
V. Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREIE COURT

iS20
Hlouston
V.

may exercise jurisdiction on cases authorized by the
laws of the State and not prohibited by the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal Courts.
What, then, is the real object of the law of Penn-
sylvania which we are considering? I answer, to confer authority upon a State Court Martial to enforce the laws of the United States against delinquent militia men, who bad disobeyed the call of the President to enter into the service of the United States; for, except the provisions for vesting this jurisdiction in such a Court, this act is, in substance, a re-enactment of the acts of Congress, as to the description of the offence, the nature and extent of the punishment, and the collection and appropriation of the fines im-
posed. Why might not this Court Martial exercise the au-
thority thus vested in it by this law? As to crimes and offences against the United States, the law of Congress had vested the cognizance of them exclusively in the federal Courts. The State Courts, therefore, could exercise no jurisdiction whatever over such offences, unless where, in particular cases, other laws of the United States had otherwise provided ; and wherever such provision was made, the
claim of exclusive jurisdiction to the particular cases was withdrawn by the United States, and the concurrent jurisdiction of the State Courts was eo instanti restored, not by way of grant from the national government, but by the removal of a disability before imposed upon the State tribunals.
But military offences are not included in the act of Congress, conferring jurisdiction upon the Circuit

OF THE UNITED STATES.

and District Courts ; no person has ever contended that such offences are cognizable before the common law Courts. The militia laws have, therefore, provided, that the offence of disobedience to the President's call upon the militia, shall be cognizable by a Court Martial of the United States; but an exclusive cognizance is not conferred upon that Court, as it had been upon the common law Courts as to other offences, by the judiciary act. It follows, then, as I conceive, that jurisdiction over this offence remains to be concurrently exercised by the national and State Courts Martial, since it is authorized by the laws of the State, and not prohibited by those of the United States. Where is the repugnance of the one law to the other? The jurisdiction was clearly concurrent over militia men, not engaged in the service of the United- States; and the acts of Congress have *not disturbed this state of things, by asserting an exclusive jurisdiction. They certainly have not done so in terms ; and I do not think that it can. be made out by any fair construction of them. The act of 1795 merely declares, that this offence shall be tried by a Court Martial. This was clearly not exclusive; but, on the contrary, it would seem to import, that such Court might be held under national], or State authority.
The act of 181Li does not render the jurisdiction necessarily exclusive. It provides, that Courts Martial for the trial of militia, drafted and called forth, shall, when necessary, be appointed, held, and conducted, in the manner prescribed by the rules of war.
If the mere assignment of jurisdiction to a particu-

1820.
4
Houston
IV. Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Houston
V. Moore.

lar Court, does not necessarily render it exclusive, as I have already endeavoured to prove, then it would follow, that this law can have no such effect; unless, indeed, there is a difference in this respect between
the same language, when applied to military, and to civil Courts; and if there be a difference, I have not been able to perceive it. But the law uses the expression " when necessary ?" How is this to be understood? It may mean, I acknowledge, whenever there are delinquents to try; but, surely, if it import no more than this, it was very unnecessarily used, since it would have been sufficient to say, that Courts Martial for the trial of militia called into service, should be formed and conducted in the manner prescribed by the law. The act of 1795, had declared who were liable to be tried, but had not said with precision before what Court the trial should be had. This act describes the Court; and the two laws being construed together, would seem to mean that every such delinquent as is described in the act of 1795, should pay a certain fine, to be determined and adjudged by a Court Martial, to be composed of militia officers, to be appointed and conducted in the manner prescribed by the articles of war. These words, when necessary, have no definite meaning, if they are confined to the existence of cases for trial beforethe Court. But if they be construed (as I think they ought to be) to apply to trials rendered necessary by the omission of the States to provide for State Courts Martial to exercise a jurisdiction in the case, or of such Courts to take cognizance of them, when so authorized, they have an important, and a usefil

OF THE UNITED STATES.
meaning. If the State Court Martial proceeds to take cognizance of the cases, it may not appear necessary to the proper officer in the service of the United States, to summon a Court to try the same cases ; if they do not, or for want of authority cannot try them, then it may be deemed necessary to convene a Court Martial under the articles of war, to take, and to exercise the jurisdiction.
There are two objections which were made by the plaintiff's counsel, to the exercise of jurisdiction in this case, by the State Court Martial, which remain to be noticed.
1. It was contended, that if the exercise of this jurisdiction be admitted, that the sentence of the Court would either oust the jurisdiction of the United States' Court Martial, or might subject the accused to be twice tried for the same offence. To this I answer, that, if the jurisdiction of the two Courts be concurrent, the sentence of either Court, either of conviction or acquittal, might be pleaded in bar of the prosecution before the other, as much so as the judgment of a State Court, in a civil case of concurrent jurisdiction, may be pleaded in bar of an action for the same cause, instituted in a Circuit Court of the United States.
Another objection is, that if the State Court Martial had authority to try these men, the Governor of that State, in case of conviction, might have pardoned them. I am by no means satisfied that lie could have done so; but if he could, this would only furnish a reason why Congress should vest the jurisdiction in these cases, exclusively in a Court Martial acting under the authority of the United States.

1820.
V.
Moore.

OASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o.
Hi-ston
V.

Upon the whole, I am of opinion, after the most
laborious examination of this delicate question, that the State Court Martial had a concurrent jurisdiction with the tribunal pointed out by the acts of Con-
gress to try a militia man who had disobeyed the call of the President, and to enforce the laws of Congress against such delinquent; and that this authority will remain to be so exercised until it shall please Congress to vest it exclusively elsewhere, or until the State of Pennsylvania shall withdraw from their Court Martial the authority to take such jurisdiction. At all events, this is not one of those clear cAses of repugnance to the Constitution of the United States, where I should feel myself at liberty to declare the law to be unconstitutional; the sentence of the Court coram non judice; and the judgment of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania erroneous on these grounds.
Two of the judges are of opinion'that the law in question is unconstitutional, and that the judgment below ought to be reversed.
The other judges are of opinion, that the judgment ought to be affirmed; but they do not concur in all respects in the reasons which influence my opinion.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON . It is not very easy to form a distinct idea of what the question in this case really is. An individual having offended against a law of his own State, has been cited before a Court constituted under the laws of that State, and there convicted and fined., His complaint is, that his offene was an

OF THE UNITED STATES.

offence against the laws of the United States, that he is liable to be punished under those laws, and cannot, therefore, be constitutionally punished under the laws of his own State.
If any right secured to him under the State constitution has been violated, it is not our affair. His complaint before this Court must be either that some law, or some constitutional provision of the United States, has been violated in this instance; or he must seek elsewhere for redress. This Court can relieve him only upon the supposition that the State law under which he has been fined is inconsistent with some right secured to him, or secured to the United States, under the constitution. Now, the United States complain of nothing; the act of Pennsylvania wasacandid, spontaneous, ancillary effort in the service of the United States; and all the plaintiff in error has to complain of is, that he has been punished by a State law, when he ought to have been punished under a law of the United States, which he contends he has violated.
I really have not been able to satisfy myself that it is any case at all for the cognizance of this Court;
but from respect for the opinion of others, I will proceed to make some remarks on the questions which have been raised in the argument.
Why may not the same offence be made punishable both under the laws of the States, and of the United States ? Every citizen of a State owes a double allegiance; he enjoys -the protection and participates in the government of both the State and the United States. It is obvious, that in those cases in

1820.
Houston
V. Moore.

VOL. V.

53

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o.
V.
Moore.

which the United States may exercise the right of
exclusive legislation, it will rest with Congress to determine whether the general government shall exercise the right of punishing exclusively, or leave the

States at liberty to exercise their own discretion. But where the United States cannot assume, or where they havenot assumed, this exclusive exercise of power, I cannot imagine a reason why the States may not also, if they feel themselves injured by the same offence, assert their right of inflicting punishment also. In cases affecting life or member, there is an express restraint upon the exercise of the punishing power. But it is a restriction which operates equally upon both governments; and according to a very familiar principle of construction, this exception would seem to establish the existence of the general right. The actual exercise of this concurrent right of punishing is familiar to every day's practice. The laws of the United States have made many offences punishable in their Courts, which were and still continue punishable under the laws of the States. Witness the case of counterfeiting the current coin of the United States, under the act of April 21st, 1806, in which the State right of punishing is expressly recognized and preserved. Witness also the crime of robbing the mail on the highway, which is unquestionably cognizable as highway-robbery under the State laws, although made punishable under those of the United States.
With regard to militia men ordered into service, there exists a peculiar propriety in leaving them subject to the coercive regulations of both governments.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The safety of each is so worked up with that of all the States, and the honour and peculiar safety of a particular State may so often be dependant upon the alacrity with which her citizens repair to the field, that the most serious mortifications and evils might result from refusing the right of lending the strength of the State authority to quicken their obedience to the calls of the United States.
But, it is contended, if the States can at all legis-
late or adjudicate on the subject, they may affect to aid, when Ctheir real object is nothing less than to embarrass, the progress of the general government.
I acknowledge myself at a loss to imagine how this could ever be successfully attempted. Opposi7 tion, whether disguised or real, is the same thing. It is true, if we could admit that an acquittal in the State Courts could be pleaded in bar to a prosecution in the Courts of the United States, the evil might occur. But this is a doctrine which can only be maintained on the ground that an offence against the laws of the one government, is an offence against the other government ; and can surely never be successfully asserted in any instances but those in which jurisdiction is vested in the State Courts by statutory provisions of the United States. In contracts, the law is otherwise. The decision of any Court of competent jurisdiction is final, whatever be the government that gives existence to the Court. But crimes against a government are only cognizable in its own Courts, or in those which derive their right of holding jurisdiction from the offended govern-
iept.

m820.
·Houston
V.
Moore.

36

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUIT

1820. h ouston
. Mooro.

Yet, were it otherwise, I cannot perceive with what correctness we can, fiom the possible abuse of a power, reason away the actual possession of it in the States. Such considerations were only proper for

the ears of those who established the actual distribution of powers between the States and the United States. The absurdities that might grow out of an affected co-operation in the States, with a real view to produce embarrassment, furnish the best guaranty against the probability of its ever being attempted, and the surest means of detecting and defeating it. We may declare defects in the constitution, without being justly chargeable with creating them; but if they exist, it is not for us to correct them. In the present instance, I believe the danger imaginary, and if it is not, it must pass ad aliud examen.
But whatever be the views entertained on this question, I am perfectly satisfied that the individual in this case was not amenable to any law of the United States. Both that there was no law of the United States that reached his case, and that there was nothing done or intended to be done by the government of the United States, to bring him within their laws, before he reached the place of rendezvous.
It is obvious that there are two ways by which the militia may be called into service; the one is under State authority, the other under authority of the United States. The power of Congress over the militia is limited but by two reservations in favour of the States, viz. the riht of officering and that of training them. When distributed by the States under their own officers the general government have

OF THE UNITED STATES..

the right, if they choose to exercise it, of desgtating both the officer and private who shall serve, and to call him forth or punish him for not coming. But the possession of this power, or even the passing of laws in the exercise of it, does not preclude the general government from leaning upon the State authority, if they think proper, for the purpose of calling the militia into service. They may command or request; and in the case before us, they obviously confined themselves to the latter mode. Indeed, extensive as their power over the militia is, the United States are obviously intended to be made in some measure dependant upon the States for the aid of this
species of force. For, if the States will not officer or train their men, there is no power given to Congress to supply the deficiency.
The method of calling forth the militia by requisition, is, it is belieed, the only one hitherto resorted to in any instance. Being partially dependant upon
the integrity of the States, the general govetnment has hitherto been satisfied to rest wholly on that integrity, and, except in very few instances, has never been disappointed. The compulsory power has been in its practice held in reserve, as only intended for use when the other shall fail. Historically it is known that the act of 1795 was passed with a view to a state of things then existing in the interior of Pennsylvania, when it became probable that the President of the United States would have to exert the authority of the general government immediately on detached portions of the officers or militia of the Union, to aid in the execution of the laws of

iseo. oto. VMoore.

1820.
Houston -.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the United States. And instances may still occur in which the exercise of that power may become necessary for the same purpose. But, whenever bodies of militia have been called forth for the purposes of
general defence, it is believed, that in no instance has it been dope otherwise than by requisition, the only mode practised toward the States from the commencement of the revolution to the present day. That it was the mode intended to be pursued in this case, is obvious from the perusal of the letter of the Secretary of War to the Governor of Pennsylvania. The wvords made use of are: "1The President

a Letter from the Secretary of War, to the Governor of Pennsylvania.
" War Department, July 4, 1814-.
CSIR,
"The late pacification in Europe offers to the enemy a large disposable force, both naval and military, and with it the means of giving to the war here, a character of new and increased activity-and extent.
- Without knowing, with certainty, that such will be its application, and still less, that any particular point or points will become objects of attack ; the President has deemed it advisable, as a measure of precaution, to strengthen ourselves on the line of the Atlantic ; and (as the principal means of doing this will be found in the militia) to invite the executives of certain States to organize and hold in readiness for immediate service a corps of ninety-three thousand five hundred men, under the laws of the 28th of February, 1795, and the 18th of April, 1814.
" -'he enclosed detail will show your Excellency what, under this requisition, will be the quota of Pennsylvania. As far as volunteer uniform companies can be found, they will be preferred. The expediency of regarding (as well in the designa-

OF T'HE UNITED STATES.

has deemed it advisable to invite the Executives of certain States to organize," &c. : Words which no military man would construe into a military cornmand.
It is true, that this letter also refers to the acts of 1795 and 1814, as the authority under which the requisition is made, and the act of 1795 authorises the President to issue his order for that purpose: but this makes no difference in the case ; it only leaves him the power of proceeding by order if he thinks proper, without enjoining that mode, or depriving him of the option to pursue the other mode as long as the principles upon which the States acted were such as to render it advisable. Or, if the construction be otherwise, the result only will be, that the President has not pursued the mode pointed outby that act, and, therefore, has not brought the case within it.
But suppose the letter of the Secretary of War was intended by him to operate as an order, (although
I cannot believe that Congress ever intended an order sbould issue immediately to the Governor of a

1820.
Hcustdn
V.

tions of the militia, as of their places of rendezvous,) the points,

the importance or exposure of which will be most likely to

attract the views of the enemy, need but be suggested.

" A report of the organization of your quota, when comple.

ted, and of its place, or places of rendezvous, will be accepta-

ble.

"I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed)

"JOHN ARMSTRONG.

"P. S. The points to be defended, by the quota from Pennsylvania, will be the shores of the Delaware, Baltimore, and this city."

1820.
Houston
Ioore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
State,) how is this individual made punishable under
the acts of 1795 and 1814? The doctrine must be admitted, that Congress might,
if they thought proper, have authorized the issuing of the President's order even to the Governor. For when the constitution of Pennsylvania makes her Governor commander in chief of the militia, it must subject hina in that capacity (at least when in actual service) to the orders of him who is made commander in chief of all the militia of the Union. Yet if he is to be addressed in that capacity, and not as the general organ or representative of the State sovereignty, surely he has a right to be apprised of it. But is he then to be charged as a delinquent? Where is the law that has provided, or can provide, a Court Martial for his trial ? And where is the law that would oblige him to consider such a letter as this a military order ? It would then seem somewhat strange, if lie, to whom this letter was immediately addressed, received no order from the President, that one to whom his order was transmitted through fifty grades, should yet be adjudged to have disobeyed the President'sorder.
But the situation of the private in this case, is still more favourable. It must be recollected we are now iconstruing a penal statute. And the criminality of the person charged, depends altogether on the 5th section of the act of 1795. The 1st section of the act of 1814, makes no difference in this particular, inasmuch as it does no more than create a tribunal for the trial of crimes, and supposes the commission of such crimes to be against the provisions of some existing law. The comnmard of the Presidentthen,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

I hold to have been indispensable to the creation of 1820.

an offence under the 5th section of this act. Bilt Houston

how the President could, in the actual state of things,.

1

V.
oore,

have issued such a command to the private, consist-

ently with the provisions of this act, it is not easy to show. For, by the section immediately preceding the 5th, it is provided, " That no officer, non-commis-

sioned officer or private of the militia, shall be com-

pelled to serve more than three months, after his ar-

rival at the place of rendezvous, in any one year,

nor more than in due rotation with every other able

bodiedman ofthe same rank in the battalionto which

-hebelongs." Now, what was meant by due rotation?

and how was the President's order to reach the in-

dividual without previously establishing this due ro-

tation? I admit, that this rotation may have been

established, through the aid of a State law; but it

became indispensable that such law should have been

authorized or adopted by some law of Congress;

and there exists no law that I know of, either autho-

rizing or requiring the designation or distribution by

the States, which this law contemplates. On a call

of the whole militia, there would have been no difficulty; but in the case of a partial call, some designation legally known to the President became in-

dispensable, before he could issue his orders with that precision which may well be required in a criminal prosecution. And this probably operated as

forcibly as considerations of comity, in determining

the government to proceed by the ancient mode of requisition, instead of addressing the executive of

Pennsylvania in the language of command and au-

VoL. V.

6

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o. Houston
1.
MIoore.

thority ; if, indeed, (what I will not readily admit,) the act was ever intended to apply to the case of an immediate order to the executive.
Pursuing the same course of reasoning a little furtier, we-shall also be led to the conclusion, that neither could there be a Court constituted by a law of the United States for the trial of this offender. I hold it unquestionable, that whenever, in the statutes of any government, a general reference is made to law, either implicitly or expressly, that it can only relate to the laws of the government making this reference. Now the only act which it is pretended vests any Court with jurisdiction of offences created by the 5th section of the act of 1795, as to persons not yet mustered into service, is the Ist section of the act of 1814. The 4th and 6th sections of the act of 1795, taken together, furnish Courts Martial for the trial of offences committed by militia employed by the United States ; and the act of 1814, I admit,;'was intended to act upon the offences of those who were not yet in actual service, but had been called into service. Can it, on any legal principle, be so construed as to answer the end proposed ? The words are, " That
Courts Martial for the trial of militia, drafted, detached and called forth for the service of the United States, shall be appointed," &c. But how drafted, detached, and called forth? Under the laws of the United States, or of Russia ? For the laws of the States, unless adopted by Congress, are no more the laws of the United States than those of any foreign power. There is nothing in this act, or any other act, that designates the drafting, and detaching, or

OF THE UNITED STATES.

calling forth, there expressed as the grounds of jurisdiction, as a drafting, &c. under the laws of a State. Nor would it have had such a drafting, &c. in view, if it was intended to provide for punishing offences against the provisions of the act of 179b; for, in that act it is required to be a calling forth by the President, not by State authority. And this suggests-the only reasonable exposition that can be given it, consistent with the principle, that it must be a drafting, detaching, and calling forth under laws of the United States. If we can find a sensible and consistent exposition, we are bound to adopt it as the only one intended.
I have no doubt, that under the powers given the President by the act of 1795, and under the restriction 'contained in the 4th section of that act, it was in the power of the President to have issued orders to the Adjutant General of Pennsylvania, to bring into the field this quota of militia, and to have prescribed the manner in which they should be drafted and detached; and had this been done, every thing 'would have been sensible and consistent, and the exigencies of both these laws would have been satisfied. It is obvious, that the act of 1814 recognizes the construction which makes the drafting, and detaching, as necessary to precede the-calling forth ; and if the power to call forth existed in the President alone, it would seem that the other subordinate, but necessary ancillary powers to which this act has relation, must have existed in him also, and could be exercised by him, or under his authority only. Under this view of the .subject, I am of

182o.
Houston
v. oare,

is20.
IBtoMurre..l

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
opinion, that a Court Martial constituted under this act of April 18th, 1814, could not legally have tried this individual, because he was not drafted and detached under the meaning of that act, taken in connexion with the act of 1795. Neither, in my opinion, was the calling forth such as was in the contemnplation of that act. In addition to the reasons already given for this opinion, exists this obvious consideration. The calling forth authorized by that act is to be expressed by an order from the President. It is disobedience to such an order alone that is made punishable by that act. Now, though it be unquestionable that this order may be communicated through any proper organ, yet it must be communicated to the individual as an order from the President, or he is not brought within the enactment of the law, nor put on his guard against incurring the penalty. But, from first to last, the whole case makes out an offence against the orders of the Governor of Pennsylvania.. It does not appear, that the order communicated to the individual was made to assume the form of an order from the President; and how, in that case, he could have been held guilty of having violated an orderfrom the President,it is not easy to conceive.
For these reasons I am very clearly of opinion, that neither the United States, nor the plaintiff in error, can complain of the infraction of any constitutional right, if the State did constitute a Court for trying offences against the laws of the United States, or ingraft those laws into its own code, and make offences against the United States punishable in its Courts; that if the individual has any cause of corn-

OF THE UNITED STATR .

plaint, it is between him and his own State governinent : And that even were it otherwise, the plaintiff in error does not make out such a case here; inasmuch as the general government could not have had it in contemplation to bring into operation the penal provisions of the act of 1795, and if they had, that they did not pursue the steps indispensable for that
purpose; therefore, that the Court Martial by which the plaintiff in error was tried, was really acting wholly under the authority of State laws, punishing State offences.
But it is contended, that if the States do possess this power over the militia, they may abuse it. This is a branch of the exploded doctrine, that within the scope in which Congress may legislate, the States shall not legislate. That they cannot, when legislating within that ceded region of power, run counter to the laws of Congress, is denied by no one; but, as I before observed, to reason against the exercise of this power from the possible abuse of it, is not for a court of justice. When instances of this opposition occur, it will be time enough to meet them. The present was an instance of the most honourable and zealous co-operation with the general government. The legislature of Pennsylvania, influenced, no doubt, by views similar to those in which I have presented the subject, saw the defects in the means of coercing her citizens into the service; and, unwilling to bear the imputation of lukewarmness in the common cause, legislated on the occasion just as far as the laws of the United States were defective, or not brought into operation. And
to vindicate her disinterestedness, she even gratui-

iaso.
V. Moore.

1820.
H
v.
Moilre.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tously surrenders to the United States the fines to
be inflicted. To have paused on legal subtleties with the enemy at her door, or to have shrunk from duty under shelter of pretexts which she could remove, would have been equally inconsistent with her character for wisdom and for candour.
I will make one further observation in order to prevent myself from being misunderstood. I have observed, that the Governors of States, as military commanders, must be considered as subordinate to the President: I do not mean to intimate, nor have I the least idea, that the act of 1705 gives authority to the President to issue an order to a Governor in that capacity. I hold the opinion to be absurd ; for he comes not within the idea of a militia officer in the language of that act. If he is so, what is his grade ? He will not be included under any title of rank, known to the laws of the United States, from the highest to the lowest. And how is he to be tried ? What is his pay ?-what his punishment? An act which authorizes an order for militia, obviously authorizes a requisition. And if the purposes of the general government could as well be subserved by depending on the State authority for calling out the militia, there was no reason against resorting to that authority for tho purpose. But the power of orderingout the militia is an alternative given to the President when the other is too circuitous or likely to fail. In that case, the President may address himself to the Executive; and having obtained through him the necessary information relative to the distribution and organization of the militia, may proceed,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

under his own immediate orders, to draft and detach the numbers wanted. And thus every thing in the act becomes sensible, consistent, and adequate to the purposes in view, with the sole defect intended to have been remedied by the 1st section of the act of
1814. In this case, it will be observed, that there is no
point whatever decided, except that the fine was constitutionally imposed upon the plaintiff in error. The course of reasoning by which the judges have reached this conclusion are various, coinciding in but one thing, viz., that there i. no error in the judgment
of the State Court of Pennsylvania.

182o.
Houston MoVor.e.

Mr. Justice STORY. The only question which is
cognizable by this Court upon this voluminous record, arises from a very short paragraph in the close of the bill of exceptions. It there appears that the plaintiff prayed the State Court of Common Pleas to instruct the jury, that the first, second, and third paragraphs of the 21st section of the statute of Pennsylvania of the 28th of March, 1814, "so far as they related to the militia called into the s6rvice of the United States, under the laws of Congress, and who failed to obey the orders of the President of the United States, are contrary to the Constitution of the United States and the laws of Congres$ made in pursuance thereof, and are, therefore, null and void." The Court instructed the jury that these paragraphs were not contrary to the constitution or laws of the United States, and were, therefore, not null and void. This opinion has been

16o0. Houston
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
affirmed by the highest State tribunal of Pennsylvania, and judgment has been there pronounced in pursuanceof itin favour of the defendant. The cause stands before us upon a writ of error from this last judgment; and the naked question for us to decide is, whether the paragraphs alluded to are repugnant to the constitution or laws of the United States; if so, the judgment must be reversed; if otherwise, it ought to be affirmed.
Questions of this nature are always of great importance and delicacy. They involve interests of so much magnitude, and of such deep and permanent public concern, that they cannot but be approached with uncommon anxiety. The sovereignty of a State in the exercise of its legislation is not to be impaired, unless it be clear that it has transcended its legitimate authority; nor ought any power to be sought, much less to be adjudged, in favour of the United States, unless it be clearly within the reach of its constitutional charter. Sitting here, we arb not at liberty to add one jot of power to the national government beyond what the people have granted by the constitution ; and, on the other hand, we are bound to support that constitution as it stands, and to give a fair and rational scope to all the powers which it clearly contains.
The constitution containing a grant of powers in many instances similar to those already existing in the State governments, and some of these being of vital importance also to State authority. and State legislation, it is not to be admitted that a mere grant of sach powers in affirmative terms to Congress) does:

OF THE UNITED STATES.
_per se, transfer an exclusive sovereignty on such subjects to the latter. On the contrary, a reasonable interpretation of that instrument necessarily leads to the conclusion, that the powers so granted are never exclusive of similar powers existing in the States, unless where the constitution has expressly in terms given an exclusive power to Congress, or the exercise of a like power is prohibited to the States, or there is a direct repugnancy or incompatibility in the exercise of it by the States. The example of the first class is to be found in the exclusive legislation delegated to Congress over places purchased by the consent of the legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for forts, arsenals, dock-yards, &c. of the second class, the prohibition of a State to coin money or emit bills of credit; of the third class, as this Court have already held, the power to establish an uniform rule of naturalization, and the delegation of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction.' In all other cases not falling within the classes already mentioned, it seems unquestionable that the States retain concurrent authority with Congress, not only upon the letter and spirit of the eleventh amendment of the constitution, but upon the soundest principles of general reasoning. There is this reserve, however, that in cases of concurrent authority, where the laws ofthe States and of the Union are in direct and manifest collision on the same subject, those of the Union being "1the supreme law of the land," are of

1820.
Houston
v.

a Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat. 259. 269.

b Martin v. Hunter, I Wheat. 304. 337.

ralist, No. 32.

VOt,. V.

7

And see The Fede-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Ho~ouston
,V.
AToore.

paramount authority, and the State laws, so far, and
so far only, as such incompatibility exists, must neces-
sarily yield. Such are the general principles by which myjudg-
ment is guided in every investigation on constitutional points. I do not know that they have ever been seriously doubted. They commend themselves by their intrinsic equity, and have been amply justified by the opinions of the great men under whose guidance the constitution was framed, as well as by the practice of the government of the Union. To desert them would be to deliver ourselves over to endless doubts and difficulties; and probably to ha-
zard the existence of the constitution itself. With these principles inview, let the question now before
the Court be examined. The constitution declares, that Congress shall
have power ,1to provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions;" and "to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively the appointment of the officers, and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress."
It is almost too plain for argument, that the power
here given to Congress over the militia, is of a limited nature, and confined to the objects specified in these clauses; and that in all other respects, and for all other purposes, the militia are subject to the control and government of the State authorities. Nor can the reservation to the States of the appointment

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of 'the officers and authority of the training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by Congress, be justly considered as weakening this conclusion. That reservation constitutes an exception merely from the power given to Congress " to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia ;" and is a limitation upon the authority,
which would otherwise have devolved upon it as to' the appointment of officers. But the exception from a given power cannot, upon any fair reasoning, be considered as an enumeration of all the powers which belong to the States over the militia. What those powers are must depend upon their own constitutions; and what is not taken away by the Constitution of the United States, must be considered as retained by the States or the people. The exception then ascertains only that Congress have not, and that the States have, the power to appoint the officers of the militia, and to train them according to the discipline -prescribed by Congress. Nor does it seem necessary to contend, that the power "Cto provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia," is exclusively vested in Congress. It is merely an affirmative power, and if not in its own nature incompatible with the existence'of a like power in the States, it may well leave a concurrent power in the latter. But when once Congress has carried
this power into effect, its laws for the organization, arming, and discipline of the militia, are the supreme law of the lands and all interfering State regulations must necessarily be suspended in their operation. It would certainly seem reasonable, that in -theabsence

1820.
Houston
.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1820. of all interfering provisions by Congress on the subHouson ject, the States should have authority to organize,
I- arm, and discipline their own militia. The general
authority retained by them over the militia would seem to draw after it these, as necessary incidents. If Congress should not have exercised its own power, how, upon any other construction, than that of a concurrent power, could the States sufficiently provide for their own safety against domestic insurrections, or the sudden invasion of a foreign enemy ? They are expressly prohibited from keeping troops or ships of war in time of peace; and this, undoubtedly, upon the supposition, that in such cases the militia would be their natural and sufficient defence. Yet what would the militia be without organization, arms, and discipline ? It is certainly not compulsory upon Congress to exercise its own authority upon this subject. The time, the mode, and the extent, must rest upon its means and sound discretion. If, therefore, the present case turned upon the question, whether a State might organize, arm, and discipline its own militia in the absence of, or subordinate to, the regulations of Congress, 1 am certainly not prepared to deny the legitimacy of such an exercise of authority. It does not seem repugnant in its nature to the grant of a like paramount authority to Congress; and if not, then it is retained by the States. The fifth amendment to the constitution, declaring that C a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed," may not, perhaps, be thought to have any important bearing

OF THE UNITED STATES.

on this point. If it have, it confirms and illustrates, rather than impugns the reasoning already suggested.
But Congress have, also, the power to provide "for governing such part of the militia as may be employed in the service of the United States." It has not been attempted in argument, to establish that this power is not exclusively in Congress; or that
the States have a concurrent power of governing their own militia when in the service of the Union. On the contrary, the reverse has been conceded both here and before the other tribunals in which this cause has been so ably ani learnedly discussed. And there certainly are the strongest reasons for this construction. When the militia is called into the actual service Qf the United States, by which I understand actual employment in service, the constitution declares, that the President shall be the commander in chief. The militia of several States may, at the same time, be called out for the public defence; and to suppose each State could have an authority to govern its own militia in such cases, even subordinate to the regulations of Congress, seems utterly inconsistent with that unity of command and action, on whch the success of all military operations must essentially depend. There never could be a stronger case put from the argument of public inconvenience, against the adoption of such a doctrine. It is scarcely possible, that any interference, however small, of a State under such circumstances in the government of the militia, Ni'ould not materially embarrass, and directly, or indirectly, impugn the authority of the Union. In most cas.es there would be an utter re-

1820.
"H"ouston '.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18o.
Housto n
Ir. -oore.

pugnancy. It would seem, therefore, that a rational interpretation must construe this power as exclusive in its own nature, and belonging solely to Congress.
The remaining clause gives Congress power "to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the .Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions." Does this clause vest in Congress an exclusive power, or leave to the States a concurrent power to enact laws for the same purposes? This is an important question, bearing directly on the case before us, and deserves serious deliberation. The plaintiff contends, that the power is exclusive in Congress ; the defendant, that it is not.
In considering this question, it is always to be kept'in view, that the case is not of a new power granted to Congress where no similar power already existed in the States. On the contrary, the States in virtue of their sovereignty, possessed general authority over their own militia; and the constitution carved out of that a specific power in certain enumerated cases. But the grant of such a power is not necessarily exclusive, unless the retaining of a concurrent power by the States be clearly repugnant to the grant. It does not strike me that there is any repugnancy in such concurrent power in the States. Why may not a State call forth its own militia in aid
of the United States, to execute the laws of the Union, or suppress insurrections, or repel invasions ? It would certainly seem fit that a State might so do, where the insurrection or invasion is within its own territory, and directed against its own existence or authority; and yet these are cases to which the pow-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

er of Congress pointedly applies. And the execution of the laws of the Union within its territory may not be less vital to its rights and authority, than the suppression of a rebellion, or the repulse of an enemy. I do not say that a State may call forth, or claim under its own command, that portion of its militia which the United States have already called forth,.and hold employed in actual service. There would be a repugnancy in the exercise of such aa authority under such circumstances. But why may it not call forth, and employ the rest of its militia in aid of the United States, for the constitutional purposes ? It could not clash with the exercise of the authority confided to Congress; and yet that it must necessarily clash with it in all cases, is the sole ground upon which the authority of Congress' can be deemed exclusive. I am not prepared to assert, that a concurrent power is not retained by the States to provide for the calling forth its own militia as auxiliary to the power of Congress in the enumerated cases.
The argument of the plaintiff is, that when a power is granted to Congress to legislate in specific cases, for purposes grooving out of the Union, the natural conclusion is, that the power is designed to be exclusivq.: That the power is to be exercised for the good of the whole, by the will of the whole, and consistent with the interests of the whole ; and that
these objects can no where be so clearly seen, or so thoroughly weighed as in Congress, where the whole nation is represented. But the argument proves too much; and pursued to its full extent, it would establish, that all the powers granted to Congress are

i820.
H"ousto"m V.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. Itouston
7 .

exclusive, unless where concurrent authority is expressly reserved to the States. But assuming the
Ssttialltetshetopprionscsiepsasl adcifofinccuultryrernetmpaoinwser oi this subject, to be considered.
It is conceded on all sides, and is, indeed, beyond all reasonable doubt, that all State laws on this subject are subordinate to those constitutionally enacted by Congress, and that if there be any conflict or repugnancy between them, the State laws to that extent are inoperative and void. And this brings us to a consideration of the actual legislation of Congress, and of Pennsylvania, as to the point in controversy.
In the execution of the power to provide for the calling forth of the militia, it cannot well be denied,
that Congress may pass laws to make its call effectual, to punish disobedience to its call, to erect tribunals for the trial of offenders, and to direct the modes of proceeding to enforce the penalties attached to such disobedience. In its very essence too, the offence created by such laws must be an offence exclusively against the United States, since it grows solely out of the breach of duties due to the United States, in virtue of its positive legislation. To deny the authority of Congress to legislate to this extent, would be to deny that it had authority to make all laws necessary and proper to carry a givei power into execution ; to require the end, and yet deny the only means adequate to attain that end. Such a construction of the constitution is wholly inadmis-
sible.. The authority of Congress being then unques-
tionable, let us see to what extent, and in what

OF THE UNITED STATES.

manner it has been exercised. By the act of the 28th of February, 1795, ch. 101., Congress have
provided for the calling forth of the militia in the cases enumerated in the constitution. The first section provides, " that whenever the United States shall be invaded, or be in imminent danger of invasion from any foreign nation, or Indian tribe, it shall be lawful for the President of the United States to call forth such number of the militiaof the State or States, most convenient to the place of danger, or scene of action, as he may judge.necessary to repel such invasion, and to issue his orders for that purpose, to such officer or officers of the militia as he shall think proper." It then proceeds to make a provision, substantially the same, in cases of domestic insurrections;
and in like manner, the second section proceeds to provide for cases where the execution of the laws is opposed or obstructed by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings. The fourth section provides, that "the militia employed in the service of the United States shall be subject to the same rules and articles of war as the troops of the United States." The fifth section (which is very material to our present purpose) provides, ",that every officer, non-commissioned officer, or private-of the militia, who shallfail to obey any ofthe ordersof the Presidentofthe United States, in the cases before reeited, shall forfeit a sum not exceeding one year's pay, and not less than one month's pay, to be determined and adjudged :by a Court Martial; and such officer shall, moreover, be liable to be cashiered by a sentence of a Court Martial, and be
Vor..' .

12o.
Houston
V. Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

io. Houston
V. Moore.

incapacitated from holding a commission in the mi-
litia for a term not exceeding twelve months, at the discretion of the said Court; and such non-commissioned officers and privates shall be liable to be im-

prisoned by a like sentence, on failure of payment of the fines adjudged against them, for one calendar month for every five dollars of such fine." The sixth section declares, "1that Courts Martial for the trial of militia, shall be composed of militia officers only." The seventh and eighth sections provide for the collection of the fines by the marshal and deputies, and for the payment of them when collected into the treasury of the United States.
The 2d section of the militia act of Pennsylvania, passed the 28th of March, 1814, provides, " that if any commissioned officer of the militia shall have neglected, or refused to serve, when called into actual service in pursuance of any order or requisition of the President of the United States, fie shall be liable to the penalties defined in the act of Congress of the United States, passed on the 28th of February, 1795," and then proceeds to enumerate them ; and then declares, "that each and every non- commissioned officer and private, who shall have neglected or refused to serve when called into actual service in pursuance of an order or requisition of the President of the United States, shall be liable to the penalties defined in the same act," and then proceeds to enumerate them. And to each clause is added, "1or shall be liable to any penalty which may have been prescribed since the date of the passage of the said act, or which may hereafter be prescribed by any law

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the United States." It then further provides, that c within one month after the expiration of the time for which any detachment of militia shall have been called into the service of the United States, by, or in
pursuance of orders from the President of the United States, the proper brigade inspector shall summon a general, or a regimental Court Martial, as the case may be, for the trial of such person or persons belonging to the detachment called out, who shall have refused or neglected to march therewith, or to furnish a sufficient substitute, or who, after having marched therewith, shall have returned without leave from his commanding officer, of which delinquents, the proper brigade inspector shall furnish to the said Court Martial an accurate list. And as soon as the said Court Martial shall have decided in each of the cases which shall be submitted to their consideration, the president thereof shall furnish to the marshal of the United States, or to his deputy, and also to the comptroller of the treasury of the United States, a list of the delinquents fined, in order that the further proceedings directed to be had thereon by the laws of the United States may be completed."
It is apparent, from this summary, that each of
the acts in question has in view the same objects, the punishment of any persons belonging to the militia of the State, who shall be called forth into the service of the United States by the President, and refuse to perform their duty. Both inflict the same penalties for the same acts of disobedience. In the act of 1795, it is the failure " to obey the orders of the

1820.
Houston
VO.

CASES IN THE SUPREM1E COURT

18 0.
Rouston
v.
Moore.

President int any ofthe casesbefore recited;" and those
orders are such as he is authorized to give by the first and second sections of the act, viz. to " call forth" the militia to execute the laws, to suppress insurrec-

tions, and repel invasions. In the act of Pennsylvania, it is the neglect or refusal " to serve when called into actual service, in pursuance of any orders of the Presidenit," which orders can only be under the act of 1795. And to demonstrate this construction more fully, the delinquent is made liable to the penalties defined in the same act; and this again is followed by a clause varyingthe penalties, so as to conform to those which from time to time may be inflicted by the laws of the United States for the same offence. So that there can be no reasonable doubt that the legislature of Pennsylvania meant to punish by its own Courts Martial, an offence against the United States created by their laws, by a substantial re-enactment of those laws in its own militia code.
No doubt has been here breathed of the constitutionality of the provisions of the act of 1795, and they are believed to be, in all respects, within the legitimate authority of Congress. In the construction, however, of this act, the parties are at variance.
The plaintiff contends, that from the time of the calling forth of the militia by the President, it is to be considered as ipsofacto "employed in the service of the United States," within the meaning of the constitution, and the act of 1795; and, therefore, to be exclusively governed by Congress. On the other hand, the defendant contends, that there is no distinc-
tion between the "calling forth," and the "lemploy-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ment in service" of the militia, in the act of 1795, both meaning actual mustering in service, or an effectual calling into service; that the. States retain complete authority over the militia, notwithstanding the call of the President, until it is obeyed by going into service; that.the exclusive authority of the United States does not commence until the drafted troops are mustered, and in the actual pay and service of the Union: and further, that the act of 1795 was never intended, by its language, to apply its penalties, except to militia in the latter predicament, leaving disobedience to the President's call to be punished by the States as an offence against State authority.
Upon the most mature reflection, it is my opinion, that there is a sound distinction between the " calling forth" of the militia, and their being in the "actual service" or " employment" of the United States, contemplated both in the constitution and'acts of Congress. The constitution, in the clause already adverted to, enables Congress to provide for the government of such part of the militia " as may be employed in the service of the United States," and makes the President commander in chief of the militia, " when called into the actual service of the United States." If the former clause included the authorityin Congress to call forth the militia, as being in virtue of the call of the President in actual service, there would certainly be no necessity for a distinct clause, authorizing it to provide for the calling forth of the militia; and the President would be commander in chief, not merely of the militia in actual service, but of the militia ordered into service.

m o.
o V. Moor&

18o20.
Houston V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The acts of Congress, also, aid the construction al-
ready asserted. The 4th section of the act of 1795, makes the militia "employed in the service of tha United States," subject to the rules and articles of war; and these articles include capital punishments by Courts Martial. Yet one of the amendments (art. 5.) to the constitution, prohibits such punishments, "1unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces," or in " the militia when in actualservice, in time of war, or public danger." To prevent, therefore, a manifest breach of the constitution, we cannot but suppose that Congress meant, (what, indeed, its language clearly imports,) in the 4th section, to provide only for cases of actual employment. The act of the 2d of January, 1795, ch. 74. provides for the pay of the militia ," when called into actual service," commencing it on the day of their appearance at the place of rendezvous, and allowing a certain pay for every fifteen miles travel from their homes to that place. The 97th article of the rules and articles of war (act of 10th of April, 1806, ch. 20.) dfeclares, that the officers and soldiers of any troops, whether militia or others, being mustered, and in the pay of the United States, shall, at all times, and in all places, " when joined, or acting in conjunction with the regular forces" of the United States, bc
governed by these articles, and shall be subject to be tried by Courts Martial, in like manner with the officers and soldiers in the regular forces, save only that such Courts Martial shall be composed entirely of militia officers. And the act of the 18th of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

April, 1814, (ch. 141.) supplementary to that oF 1795, provides for like Courts Martial for the trial of militia, drafted, detached, and called forth for the service of the United States, "1whether acting in conjunction with the regular forces or otherwise." All these provisions for the government, payment, and trial of the militia, manifestly contemplate that the
militia are in actual employment and service, and not merely that they have been il called forth," or ordered fbrth, and had itiled to obey the orders of the
President. It would seem almost absurd to say that
these men who have performed no actual service, are yet to receive pay; that they are " employed" when they refuse to be employed in the public service; that they are ", acting" in conjunction with the regular forces or otherwise, when they are not embo-
died to act at all; or that they are subject to the rules and articles of war as troops organized and employed in the public service, when they have utterly dis-
claimed all military organization and obedience. In my judgmpnt, there are the strongest reasons to believe, that by employment "in .the service," or, as it is sometimes expressed, " in the actual service" of the United States, something more must be meant than a mere calling forth of the militia. That it includes some acts of organization, mustering, or marching done or recognised, in obedience to the call in the public service. The act of 1795 is not in its terms compulsive upon any militia to serve;.
but contemplates an option in the person drafted, to serve or not to-serve; and if he pay the penalty in-

182o.
" " V.
Moore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Houston V.
M'oore.

flicted by the law, he does not seem bound to per-
form any military duties. Besides, the terms " call forth" and " employed
in service," cannot, in any appropriate sense, be said to be synonimous. To suppose them used to signify the same thing in the constitution, and acts of Congress, would be to defeat the obvious purposes of both. Tile constitution, in providing for the calling forth of the militia, necessarily supposes some act to be done before the actual employment of the militia; a requisition to perform service, a call to engage in a public duty. From the very nature of things, the call must precede the service; and to confound them
is to break down the established meaning of language, and to render nugatory a power without which the militia can never be compelled to serve in defence of the Union. For of what constitutional validity can the act of 1795 be, if the sense be not what I have stated? If Congress cannot provide for a preliminary call, authorizing and requiring the service, how can it punish disobedience to that call ? The argument that endeavours to establish such a proposition, is utterly without any solid foundation. We do not sit here to fritter away the constitution upon metaphysical subtleties.
Nor is it true that the act of 1795 confines its penalties to such of the militia as are in actual service, leaving those who refuse to comply with the orders of the President to the punishment that the State may choose to inflict for disobedience. On tile contrary, if there be any certainty in language, the .5th section applies exclusively to those of the militia

OF THE UNITED STATES.

who are " called forth" by the President, and fail to obey his orders, or, in other words, who refuse to

go into the actual service of the United States. It inflicts no penaltyin any other case; and it supposes, and
justly, that all the cases of disobedience of the militia, while in actual service, were sufficiently provided for by the 4th section of the act, they being thereby subjected to the rules and articles of war. It inflicts the penalty too, as we have already seen, in the identical cases, and none other, to which the paragraphs of the militia act of Pennsylvania now in question pointedly address themselves; and in the identical case for which the present plaintiff was tried, convicted, and punished, by the State Court Martial. So that if the defendant's construction of the act of 1795 could prevail, it would not help his case. All the difficulties as to the repugnancy between the act of Congress and of Pennsylvania, would still remain, with the additional difficulty, that the Court would be driven to say, that the mere act of calling forth put the militia, ipsofacto, into actual service, and so placed them exclusively under the government of Congress.
In the remarks which have already been made, the answer to another proposition stated by the defendant is necessarily included. The offence to which the penalties are annexed in the 4th section of the act of 1795, is not an offence against State authority, but against the United States, created by a law of Congress, in virtue of a constitutional authority, and punishable by a tribunal which it has selected, and which it can change at its pleasure.

VOL. V.

9

65
10.o. "-.
Houston
v.
Moore.

66
1820.
tlouston V.-
MIoore.

CASES IN THE bUPREME COURT
That tribunal is a Court Martial ; and the defendant contends, that as no explanatory terms are added, a State Court Martial is necessarily intended, because the laws of the Union have not effectually
created any Court Martial, which, sitting under the athority of the United States, can in all cases try the offence. It will at once be seen that the act of 1795 has not expressly delegated cognizance of the offence to a State Court Martial, and the question naturally arises, in what manner then can it be claimed ? When a military offence is created by an act of Congress to be punished by a Court Martial, how is such an act to be interpreted? If a similar clause were in a State law, we should be at no loss to give an immediato and definite construction to it, viz., that it pointed to a State Court Martial-And why ? Because the offence being created by State legislation, to be executed for State purposes, must be supposed to contemplate in its execution such tribunals as the State may erect, and control, and confer jurisdiction upon. A State legislature cannot be presumed to legislate as to foreign tribunals; but must be supposed to speak in reference to those which may be reached by its own sovereignty. Precisely the same reasons must apply to the construction of a law of the United States. The object of the law being to provide for the exercise of a power vested in Congress by the constitution, whatever is directed to be done must be supposed to be done, unless the contratrary be expressed, under the authority of the Union. XVhen, then, a Court Martial is spoken of in general terms in the act of 1795. the reasonable interpre

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tation is, that it is a Court Martial to be organized under the authority of the Uuited States-a Court Martial whom Congress may convene and regulate. There is no pretence to say, that Congress can com-
pel a State Court Martial to convene and sit in judgment on such offence. Such an authority is no where confided to it by the constitution. Its power is limited to the few cases already specified, and
these most assuredly do not embrace it ; for it is not an implied power necessary or proper to carry into effect the given powers. The nation may organize its own tribunals for this purpose; and it has no necessity to resort to other tribunals to enforce its rights. If it do not choose to organize such tribunals, it is its own fault ; but it is not, therefore, imperative upon a State tribunal to volunteer in its service. The 6th section of the same act comes in aid of this most reasonable construction. It declares that Courts Mar-. tial for the trial of militia shall be composed of militia officers only, which plainly shows that it supposed that regular troops and officers were in the same service; and yet, it is as plain that this provision would be superfluous, if State Courts Martial were solely intended, since the States do not keep, and ordinarily have no authority to keep, regular troops, but are bound to confine themselves to militia. It might with as much propriety be con-
tended, that the Courts Martial for the trial of mili-
tia under the 97th article of the rules and articles -of war, are to be State Courts Martial. The lan-
guage of that article, so far as respects this point, is

182o.
Houston
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1320.
Houston
M.

almost the same with the clause now under conside-
ration. As to the argument itself, upon which the defend-
ant erects his construction of this part of the act, its solidity is not admitted. It does not follow, because Congress have neglected to provide adequate means to enforce their laws, that a resulting trust is reposed in the State tribunals to enforce them. If an offence be created of which no Court of the United States has a vested cognizance, the State Court may
not, therefore, assume jurisdiction, and punish it. It cannot be pretended that the States have retained any power to enforce fines and penalties created by the laws of the United States in virtue of their general sovereignty, for that sovereignty did not originally attach on such subjects. They sprung from the Union, and had no previous existence. It would be a strange anomaly in our national jurisprudence to hold the doctrine, that because a new power created by the constitution of the United States was not exercised to its full extent, therefore the States might exercise it by a sort of process in aid. For instance, because Congress decline " to borrow money on the credit of the United States," or " to constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court," or "to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces," or exercise either of them defectively, that a State might step in, and by its legislation supply those defects, or assume a general jurisdiction on these subjects. If, therefore, it be conceded, that Congress have not as yet legislated to the extent of organizing Courts Martial for the trial of offences created by the act of 1795, it is not conceded that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

therefore State Courts Martial may, in virtue of State laws, exercise the authority, and punish offenders. Congress may hereafter supply such defects, and cure all inconveniences.
It is a general principle too in the policy, if not the customary law of nations, that no nation is bound to enforce the penal laws of another within its own dominions. The authority naturally belongs, and.is
confided, to the tribunals of the nation creating the offences. In a government formed like ours, where there is a division of sovereignty, and, of course, where there is a danger of collision from the near approach of powers to a conflict with each other, it would seem a peculiarly safe and salutary rule, that each government should be left to enforce its own penal laws in its own tribunils. It has been expressly held by this Court, that no part of the criminal jurisdiction of the United States can consistently with the contsitution be delegated by Congress to State tribunals ;a and there is not the slightest inclination to retract that opinion. The judicial power of the Union clearly extends to all such cases. No concurrent power is retained by the States, because the subject matter derives its existence from the cnstitution ; and the authority of Congress to delegate it cannot be implied, for it is not necessary or proper in any constitutional sense. But even if Congress could delegate it, it would still remain to be shown that it had so done. We have seen that this cannot

i820.
Houston
V.
Moore.

a Martin v Hunter, I Wheat. Rep. 304. 337. S. P. United St.ates v. Lathrop, 17 Johns. Rep. 4.

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

Mo.
Ilston
V.
MIoore.

be correctly deduced from the act of 1795; and we are, therefore, driven to decide, whether a State can, without such delegation, constitutionally assume and
exercise it. It is not, however, admitted, that the laws of the
United States have not enabled Courts Martial to be held under their own authority for the trial of these offences, atleast when there are militia officers acting in service in conjunction with regular troops. The 97th article of war gives an authority for the trial of militia in many cases; and the act of the 18th of April, 1814, ch. 141. (which has now expired,) provided, as we have already seen, for cases where the militia was acting alone. To what extent these laws applied is not now necessary to be determined. The subject is introduced solely to prevent any conclusion that they are deemed to be wholly inapplicable. Upon the whole, I am of opinion, that the Courts Martial intended by the act of 1795, are not State Courts Martial, but those of the United States ; and this is the same construction which has been already put upon the same act by the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
What, then, is the state of the case before the Court ? Congress, by a law, declare that the officers and privates of the militia who shall, when called forth by the President, fail to obey his orders, shall be liable to certain penalties, to be adjudged by a Court Martial convened under its own authority. The legislature of Pennsylvania inflict the same penalties for

a Exparte Bolson, 5 Hall's Amer. Law Journal,476.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tlie same disobedience, and direct these penalties to be adjudged by a State Court Martial called exelusively under its own authority. The offence is created by a law of the United States, and is solely against their authority, and made punishable in a specific manner; the legislature of Pennsylvania, without the assent of the United States, insist upon being an auxiliary, nay, as the defendant contends, a principal, if not a paramount, sovereign, in its execution. This is the real state of the case ; and it is said, without the slightest disrespect for the legislature of Pennsylvania, who in passing this act were, without question, governed by the highest motives of patriotism, public honour, and fidelity to the Union, If it has transceiided its legitimate authority, it has committed an unintentional error, which it will be the first to repair, and the last to vindicate. Our duty compels us, however, to compare the legislation, and not the intention, with the standard of the constitution.
It has not been denied, that Congress may con-
stitutionally delegate to its own Courts exclusive jurisdiction over cases arising under its own laws. It is, too, a general principle in the construction of statutes, that where a penalty is prescribed to be recovered in a special manner, in a special Court, it excludes a recovery in any other mode or Court. The language is deemed expressive of the sense of the legislature, that the jurisdiction shall be exclusive, In such a case, it is a violation of the statute for any other tribunal to assume jurisdiction. If, then, we strip the case before the Court of all unnecessary

1820. Houston
-. Moorg.

1820.
Houston V.
Mloore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
appendages, it presents this point, that Congress had declared that its own Courts Martial shall have exelusive jurisdiction of the offence; and the State of Pennsylvania claims a right to interfere with that exclusive jurisdiction, and to decide in its own Courts upon the merits of every case of alleged delinquency. Can a more direct collision with the authority of' the United States be imagined ? It is an exercise of concurrent authority where the laws of Congress have constitutionally denied it. If an act of Congress be the supreme law of the land, it cannot be made more binding by an affirmative re-enactment of the same act by a State legislature. The latter must be merely inoperative and void ; for it seeks to give sanction
to that which already possesses the highest sanction. What are the consequences, if the State legisla-
tion in the present case be constitutional? In the first place, if the trial in the State Court Martial be on the merits, and end in a condemnation or acquittal, one of two things must follow, either that the United States' Courts Martial are thereby devested of their authority to try the same case, in violation of the jurisdiction confided to them by Congress; or that the delinquents are liable to be twice tried and punished for the same offence, against the manifest intent of the act of Congress, the principles of the common law, and the genius of our free government. In the next place, it is not perceived how the right of the President to pardon the offence can be effectually exerted; for if the State legislature can, as the defendant contends, by its own enactment, make it a State offence, the pardoning power of the State

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ckii alone purge away such an offence. The Pro-

sident has no authority to interfere in such a case.

In the next place, if the State can re-enact the same penalties, it may enact penalties substantially differ-

ent for the same offence, to be adjudged in its own

Courts. If it possess a concurrent power of legis-

lation, so as to make it a distinct State offence, what

punishments it shall impose must depend upon its

own discretion. In the exercisc of that discretion, it

is not liable to the control of the United States. It

may enact more severe or more mild punishments

than those declared by Congress. And thus an

offence originally created by the laws of the United

States, and growing out of their authority, may be

visited with penalties utterly incompatible with the

intent of the national legislature. It may be said

that State legislation cannot be thus exercised, be-

cause its concurrent power must be in subordination

to that of. the Uni$ed States. If this be true, (and

it is believed to be so,) then it must be upon the

ground that the offence cannot be made a distinct

State offence, but is exclusively created by the laws

of the United States, and is to be tried and punish-

ed as Congress has directed, and not in any other

manner or to any other extent. Yet the argument

of the defendant's counsel might be here urged, that

the State law was merely auxiliary to that of the

United States; and that it sought only to enforce a

public duty more effectually by other penalties, in

aid of those prescribed by Congress. The repug-

nancy of such a State law to the national authority

would, nevertheless, be manifest, since it would seek

Vor. V.

1O

152o.
%ou,, V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1.20.
Houston V.

to punish an offence created by Congress, different-
ly from the declared will of Congress. And the repugnancy is not in my judgment less manifest, where the State law undertakes to punish an offence by a State Court Martial, which the law of the United States confines to the jurisdiction of a national Court Martial.
The present case has been illustrated in the arguinent of the defendant's counsel, by a reference to cases in which State Courts under State laws exercise a concurrent jurisdiction over offences created and punished by the laws of the United States. The only case of this description which has been cited at the bar, is the forgery of notes of the Bank of the Uhited States, which by an act of Congress was punished by fine and imprisonment, and which under State laws has also been punished in some State Courts, and particularly in Pennsylvania.a In respect to this case, it is to be recollected, that there is an express proviso in the act of Congress, that no-
thing in that act should be construed to deprive the State Courts of their jurisdiction under the State laws over the offences declared punishable by that act. There is no such proviso in the act of 1795, and, therefore, there is no complete analogy to support the illustration.
That there are cases in which an offence particularly aimed against the laws or authority of the United States may, at the same time, be directed against State authority also, and thus be within the

a See White v. Commonwealth, 4 Binn. Rep. 418. Livingston v. Van Ingen, 9 Johns. Rep. 507. 567.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
legitimate reach of State legislation, in the absence of national legislation on the same subject, I pretend not to affirm, or to deny. It will be sufficient, to meet such a case when it shall arise. But that an offence against the constitutional authority of the United States can, after the national legislature has provided for its trial and punishment, be cognizable in a State Court, in virtue of a State law creating a like offence, and defining its punishment, without the consent of Congress, I am very far from being ready to admit. It seems to me, that such an exercise of State authority is completely open to the great objections which are presented in the case before us. Take the case of a capital offence, as for instance, treason against the United States : can a State legislature vest its own Courts with jurisdiction over such an offence, and punish it either capitally or otherwise ? Can the national Courts be Ousted of their jurisdiction by a trial of the offender in a State Court? Would an acquittal in a State Court be a good bar upon an indictment for the offence in the national Courts ? Can the offender, against the letter of the constitution of the United States, " be -subject for the same offence, to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb ?" These are questions which, it seems to me, are exceedingly difficult to answer in the affirmative. The case, then, put by the defendant's counsel, clears away none of the embarrassments which surround their construction of the case at the bar of the Court.
Upon the whole, with whatever reluctance, I feel myself bound to declare, that the clauses of the mi-

182o.
J"'
V.

1820. U. tae
.

CASES IN THE SUPREME GOURI
litia act of Pennsylvania now in question, are repugnant to the constitutional laws of Congress on the samne subject, and are utterly void ; and that, therefore, the judgment of the State Court ought to be
reversed. In this opinion I have the concurrence of one of my brethren.
Judgment affirmed.

(COs sTTUTTo .RALLAW.)
The UNITED STATES v. WILTBERGER.
The Courts of the United States have no jurisdiction, under the act o1 April 30th, 1790, c. 36. of the crime of manslaughter, committed by the master upon one of the seamen on board a merchant vessel of the United States, lying in the river Tigris, in the empire of China, 35 miles above its mouth, off Wampoa, about 100 yards from the sbore, in four and a half fathoms water, and below low water mark.
Though penal laws are to be construed strictly; yet the intention of the legislature must govern in the construction of penal, as well as other statutes, and they are not to be construed so strictly as to defeat the obvious intention of the legislature.
In the act of April 30th. 1790, c. 36. the description of places contained in the 8th section, within which the offences therein enumerated must be committed, in order to give the Courts of the Union jurisdiction over them, cannot be transferred to the 1 th section, so as to give those Courts jurisdiction over a manslaughter committed in the river of a foreign country, and not on the high sets.
THIS was an indictment for manslaughter, in the
Circuit Court of Pennsylvania. The jury found the defendant guilty of the offence with which he

OF THE UNITED STATES.
(CRA-CXeRr AND LOCAL LAW) STEVENSON'S Heirs V. SULLIVANT.

201
1820. Stevensou's
Heirs
V.
Sullivanf,

Previous to the year 1775, H. S. of Virginia, cohabited with A. W.,
and had by her the appellants, whom be recognized as his children. In July, 1775, he niade his will, which was duly proved after his .deceasb, in which he described them as the children of himself,and of his wife A., and devised the whole of his property to them and their mother. In June, 1776, he was appointed a colonel in the Virginia line, upon the continental establishment, and died in the service, havingin July, 1776, intermarried with the mother, and died leaving her pregnant 'with a child, who was afterwards born, and. naned R. S. After the death of H. S., and the birth of his posthumous son, a warrant for a tract of military lands was granted by the State of Virginia to the posthumous son, B. S., who died in 1796, in his minority, without wife or children, and without having located or disposed ofthe warrant. His mother also died before 1796. Held, that the children of f. S. were not entitled to the lands, as devisees under his will, under the act of Assembly; nor did the will so far _ operate, as to render them capable of taking under the act, as being named his legal representatives in the will. The appellants were not legitimated by the marriage of H. S. with their mother, and his recognition of them as his children,.under the 19th sectioa of the act of descents of Virginia, of 1785, which took
effectoil the istof..Ianuary, 1787. The appellants were not, as illegitimate children of H. S. and A. W.,
capable of inhdriting from R. S. under the act of descents of Virginia

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio. This was a suit in Chancery, and the case upon the facts admitted by the parties, was as follows: Previous to -%he year ..1775, Hugh Stephenson, of Virginia, lived and cohabited- with Ann Whaley, and had.by *er the appejlants in this cause, whom he recognized

208

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1820.
Stevenson's
Heirs
V.
Sullivant.

as his children. In July, 1775, he made his will, in which he described the appellants as the children of himself, and of his wife Ann, and devised the
whole of his property to them, and to their mother. In July, 1776, he intermarried with the said Ann Whaley, and died the succeeding month, leaving her pregnant with a child, which was afterwards born, and was named Richard. The will was duly proved after the death of the testator. In June, 1776, the testator was appointed a colonel in the Virginia line, upon continental establishment, and died in the service. After his death, and the birth of Richard, a warrant for 6,666 and two-thirds acres of military lands, was granted by the State of Virginid to the said Richard, who died in the year 1796, in his minority, without wife or children, and without having located or disposed of the above warrant. His mother also died before the year 1796. The defendant claimed the land in controversy under John Stephenson, the elder paternal uncle of Richard; and the appellants having filed their bill in the Court below to recover the premises in question, the same was dismissed, and the cause was brought by appeal to this Court.

Feb. 181h. Mr. Brush, for the appellants, stated, that the ap-
pellants insisted, that, as representatives of their father, Hugh, the warrant in question ought to have issued to them. All the laws of Virginia, granting military land bounties, were passed after the death of Hugh Stephenson. The act which extends the bounty to those who had died before any bounty was

OF THE UNITED STATES.

209

provided, is that under which the warrant issued. It 82o. assigns the bounty to the " legal representatves" of Steve-soa's the person upon · account of whose services it was HVe.i

granted. We maintain, that the term, representatives, is used purposely not to exclude the heir, but to embrace others than the legal heir, under the then existing laws. It never could be intended to give a bounty to elder brothers and uncles, who might be in arms against the country; but to the immediate objects of the soldier's attention and care, whom, by

sullivant.

his will, he had appointed to represent him, or to that class of relatives, among whom personal property was distributed by the statute of distributions; certainly more just and liberal in its provisions, than the feidal course of descents, by which real estate

was cast on the eldest male relative in a collateral line. But, waving this point, thd complainants maain-

tain that they are heirs at law of Richard Stephenson. And thy maintain this upon -two grounds.

First. By the Virginia .law, regulating the course of descents, passed in 1785, they were legitimated: Second. By the same law, as bastards, they were made capable of inheriting to their deceased brother,

on the part of the mother. 1. The ancestor of Richard never had any interest
-inthe subject that constitutes the estate. It is a gra-

tuity given to his representative, who most clearly took as a purchaser, and the estate he held, upon his

decease, passed to his heirs generally, without refererecto the channelthrcagh which he derived'it. The

estate originated under the laws of Virginia. The parties resided in Virginia, until the establishment of

VOL. V.

27

CASES IN ThIE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Steengn's Heirs "V.
Sullivant.

the State of Kentucky, where Richard died. Th
descent was cast, either under the laws of Virginia, or Kentucky; and, in this respect, they are the same.
The act of 1785, provides, that "1 where a man having by a woman one or more children, shall afterwards intermarry with such woman, such child or children, if recognized by him, shall thereby be legitihnated." In the case of Rice v. IEfford,a and in the case of Sleighs and Strider, cited by Judge Tucker, and given in a note,b it is decided, that this act includes cases of births and marriages, antecedent to its passage. This is its plain and natural interpretation. It was meant, as the Judges say, " to protect
and provide for "-the innocent offspring of indiscreet parents, who had already made all the atonement in their power for their misconduct, by-putting the children, whom the father recognized as his own, on the samefooting as if born in lawful wedlock." It meant to put them on the samefqoting, not only as it iespected their father's estate, butin relation to the estates of each other, and the estates of all their kin-
dred. In both the cases above cited, the father died after the act of 1786 took effect; and, in that point, the present case is to be distinguished from them. It would appear, from the case of Rice v. Efford, that the Chancellor considered it a material point, that the recognition of the illegitimate children took place after the act of 178.5 was in operation. And Judge Roane expressly says, that the interpretation adopted, "applies to cases only, where the father has died

a 3 Henn. 4- Aunf 225b

b Id. 229.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

29_11

posterior to the passage of the act." This observa- 1826. tion of Judge Roane may properly be termed an Stevenson's obiter dictum. The case before him did not require Heirs that point to be decided ; and, we conceive, that the Sullivant. dictum is demonstrably incorrect, as is also the intimation of the Chancellor. The object of the act was to " protect and provide for the children," by giving them a complete capacity of inheritance. To give them this title, the law requires two facts; the marriage, and the recognition by the father. But, it is said, that although the law embraces the case of an anterior marriage,the recognition must be subsequent. Why this distinction ? The grammatical construetion of the sentence does not require it. The terms, " shall afterwardsintermarry," are correctly referred to the birth of the children, not the date of the act. In relation to the marriage and the recognition, the statute speaks froro the same time. The whole structure of the sentence necessarily connects them. The active participle, ".having," in reference to the birth of the children, and the passive participle, 4 recognized," in relation to their acknowledgment, are the only terms which could properly be used to describe both anterior and subsequent cases with reasonable precision. Surely it would be a strange construetion, by which the active particijile is made to em-
brace both the past and future, while the passive participle, in the game sentence, is confined lo future cases only! This can only be done by interpolating the word hereafter,so as to make that part of the
sentence read, " such child or children, if HEREAFTER recognized by him." The object of the statute does

212

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

s2o.
Svon's Heirs
sull ant.

not require, but absolutely forbids such interpolation.
It was designed, as the Court say, in the case of Stones v. Keeling6 to establish the most liberal and
extensive rules of succession to estates, "in favour
of all,in whose favour the intestate himself, had he made a will, might have been supposed to be influenced." It operates solely upon the children, and it must have been designed to operate equally upon all in the same situation, whether the acknowledgment was made before or after the passing of the act. The dictum of Judge Roane, evidently grew out of an argument suggested by himself, that the interpretation adopted by the Court, might be considered au invasion of private right. We see no difficulty on this ground; but if there were any, it is not remedied by applying the act to cases only where
the father died posterior to its passage. The possible interest which children have in the
father's property, during his lifetime, is not of that absolute character which the legislature cannot control. If it were, every change of the law of descents, would be an invasion of the rights of expectants under the existing law. A descent cast by the death of an intestate, cannot be disturbed by subsequent laws; but that is no reason why the legislature should not change the law, or give to individuals new capacities of inheritance. The security of existing rights remains inviolable, notwithstand-
ing this is often done. By the death of H. Stephenson, before the act of 1785, his property passed

a 3 tenn. 4- Munf. 228. in note.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

to his legitimate child. If, under that act, the ap pellants were legitimated, in 1787, they, thereby, could not prejudice the rights of Richard. Their new capacity was altogether prospective. From that day, they enjoyed a character to inherit rights which might thereafter accrue; and, in relation to thosetights, we do not see what bearing the time of their father's death has upon the question. In the case of Sleighs v. Strider, W. Hall devised land to his son, R. Hall, for life ; and after to..bis eldest son and his heirs forever: but if no male issue, to his eldest daughter and her heirs. Richard Hall had an
illegitimate son. born in 1776: in 1778 he married the mother, and recognised the son till his death, in 1796. He had also daughters after the marriage. It was determined that the son was legitimated, by the act of 1785, and entitled under the devise from his grandfather. It would seem, -from the dictum of Judge Roane, that if Richard Hall had died before the 1st of January, 1787, the grandson never could have been legitimated. Whether he could or not,
the eldest daughter must have taken. But suppose that the grandson had lived until 1788, and, in the lifetime of his father, had died leaving issue: would such issue, or the eldest daughter of Richard, have taken under the devise ? We maintain that the issue of the deceased son would have taken: from which we infer that the time of death is immaterial. The interpretation of the Virginia Courts can only be made rational and intelligible by rejecting the limitations suggested by the Chancellor and Judge

s2o.
Stevenson's
Heirs
Slv

214

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Sst0evoenson's Heirs
IV.
Sullivant.

Roane, and applying the statute to all persons within
its literal meaningz, without reference to the tiine-of the recognition, or the death of the father. By'thij
course, the new capacity, in all, will take date from the 1st of January, 1787, and will confer rights from that day only; as in cases that have arisen since the statute, the legitimate rights of the children- born before marriage, all take date from the marriage, without any reference to the time of recognition, or the death of the father.
2. We insist that the appellants, being the bastard brothers and sisters of Richard on the part of the mother, are his heirs at law. The law of 1785 contains this provision: "Bastards also shall be capable of inheriting and transmitting inheritance, on the part of the mother, in like manner as if lawfully begotten of such mother." In adopting a rule for the interpretation of this provision, we insist, in the language of the court, in the case of Stones v. Keeling," that "the act relates to the disposition of property only; and proceeds to show who shall be admitted to share the property of a person dying intestate, notwithstanding any former legal bar to a succession thereto; and in that light the law ought to receive the most liberal construction ; it being evidently the design of the legislature, to establish the most liberal and extensive rules of succession to
estates, in favour of all, in whose favour the intestate himself, had he made a will, might have been supposed to be influenced." It gives to bastards a fill

a 3 Henn. - ,Mun. 2C8. note.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

210

and complete capacity of inheritance, through the is 0. rgaternal line, both lineal and collateral. By nothing Stevensons' OiJQ.Pf this, can the terms of the law be satisfied. Heirs
It is said, however, that the terms of the law are sohivant.
fully satisfied when it is extended to inheritance direct, between the bastard and the mother; thus excluding collateral descents between bastards altogether. This doctrine is founded upon an entirely erroneous rule of construction.. It is assumed that the statute. being an innovation upon the common law, must be construed strictly, and extended only so far as the letter absolutely requires. The Virginia Courts, in the cases referred to, have adopted a different rule; and a rule more consonant to reason and justice, and to ouir free and equal principles of government. The incapacities of bastards grew out of the feudal system, and originated in the dispositions of the feudal lords to multiply escheats and forfeitures. Most undoubtedly it was the intention of the Virginia legislature, to cut up the whole system root and branch. If bastards cannot inherit from a legitimate brother, they cannot inherit from each other. Neither can they inherit from, or transmit inheritance to, uncles, grandfathers, or any collateral relative whatever. By the same rule, legitimate brqthers and sisters cannot inherit from bastards, or their descendants. And if this be the case, who can say that bastards are capable of inheriting "1and transmitting inheritance, on the part of the mother, in like manner as if they had been lawfully begotten of such mother.."

216

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182.
"-'
Heirs
ern
Sullivant.

Mr. Doddridge, contra, stated, 1. that in examin-
ing the appellants' claim to hold the lands in question, as the legal representatives of Hugh Stephenson,
under his will, he would contend, what indeed seemed to be admitted on the other side, that Richard Stephenson took by purchase from the State, and that Hugh never had an interest in the subject, legal or equitable, which he could devise, or which could pass from him in a course of descents If this be so, it would certainly follow, that upon the death of Richard, under age and without issue, after having survived his mother, the estate passed from him to his heirs general, according to the letter of the act directing the course of descents, as the appellants' counsel contend, and without reference to the channel through which he obtained it. But we shall insist, that according to the equity of the 5th section of the act of descents, the land passed to the frater-
nal kindred. One of the laws of Virginia on the subject of land
bounties refers to them, as having been "promised by ordinance of Convention." This circumstance made a search for that ordinance necessary. There were three sessions of a Convention held in the year 1775. By an act of the last, the Convention of 1776 was regularly elected. The present controversy has had the effect of collecting the journals of both Conventions. They are now, for the first time, published. A perusal of them will show, that the Conventions, although they provided for raising troops, never made a promise of land bounty to any description of the public forces. Indeed, until they declared the State inde-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

217

pendent, they had asserted no claim whatever to the . s0.

crown

lands,

such a promise would

have appeared

ab-

'
Stevenson's

surd. The first mention of a land bountywill be found flVe.irs

inthe acts of the first regular General Assembly at sumivant

their October session in 1776, chapters 11. and 21.

enacted after the death of Hugh Stevenson. The

practice of giving bounties in land was followed up

by the acts of October, 1778, c. 45, May, 1779,

C. 6., and the manner of carrying them into grant

was provided for by the acts of May, 1779, c. 18.

and of October 1779, c. 21. But these laws hav-

ing omitted to provide for the heirs of those who

were, or should be, lost in the service, two others

were passed. By the first a promise was made to

the officers and soldiers, then living, in these words :

"and when any officer, soldier, or sailor, shall have

fallen, or died in the service, his heirs or legal repre-

sentatives shall be entitled to, and receive, the same

quantity of land as would have bpen due to such

officer, soldier or sailor, respectively, had he been

living." The second is in the following words,

(comprehending the case of H Stevenson:) "lThat

the legal representatives of any officer, on continen-

tal or State establishment, who may have died in

the service, before the bounty in lands promised by

this or anyformer act, shall be entitled to demaud

and receive the same in like manner as the officer

himself might have done if living. It is observable,

that the latter act only respects the heir of an officer

who had fallen before any lpnd bounty was promised

VOL.. V.

a Chan. Rev. Code, 112.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Heirs
SYiant,

to any person ; whereas the former is an encourage-
ment held out to the living officer, soldier, and sailor, &c. By the latter act, itis evident that the bounty conferred by it was not given to those who died before
any bounty was provided; nor to the legal representatives of those, on account of whose services the same was given, as such. The bounty is directly -given to the legal representative for the loss of an ancestor ; and is so much as the father would have been entitled to had he lived or fallen in the ,service) &c.
Here, if the heir took quasi heir, the debts of his ancestor might sweep the gift away. The difference between pay and bounty cannot well be overlo6ked. The first is a vested estate, and, as such, subject to debts and legacies. Bounties to the widow or heir, are in the nature of compensation, or of gratuities for a loss, and are taken directly from the hand that gives. Hugh Stevenson had not, at the time of his death, even a promise of the bounty in question, nor of any other bounty. His services entitled him to his pay and subsistence alone.
It is difficult to comprehend what is meant by the opposite counsel, when he speaks of those " whom by his will he had appointed to represent him, or to that class of relations among whom personal proper-
ty was distributed by the statute of distributions." As to the statute of distributi6ns, it is enough to say, that then, as well as now, it no more embraced a bastard than the feudal law of descents. And as to the terms " appointed by his will to represent him," if they mean any thing, they mean the persons to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

219"

whom the party had devised the property in question. 12o. But could Hugh Stevenson devise the property in Stevenson's question ? Real estate in Virginia was never devi- Heir. sable at the common law. In 1776, the English sullivant. statute of wills was in force. Under that statute, those only who were seised, could devise. The construction of that statute was the same in England and Virginia. Those lands only, which the testator had at the time of making his will, could be devised. The Virginia statute of wills empowers a party to devise such estates, real or personal, as the party hath, "1or at the time of his death shall have," &c. This statute passed in 1785, and began its operation on the 1st of January, 1787. It is, then, obvious that the appellants cannot claim as devisees, neither at the common law, nor under the English statute of wills ; nor even under the Virginia statute of wills, if it had been then in force; because neither at the time of making his will, nor at the time of his death, had the testator any interest in the pre-
mises. 2. The appellaiits claim as heirs at law to Rich-
ard, under the 19th and 18th sections of the act directing the cause of descents. The 19th section is in these words: "Where a man having, by a woman, one or more children, shall afterwards intermarry with such woman, such child or children, if recognized by him, shall be thereby legitimated." The issue also in marriages deemed null in law, shall, nevertheless, be legitimate. And the 18th section is in these words: "In making title by descent, it shall be no bar to a party that any ancestor through

!220

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820;
Stevenson's Heirs
Sullivant.

whom he derives his descent, was, or shall have been,
an alien. Bastards also shall be capable of inheriting or transmitting inheritance on the part of their
mother, in like manner as iflawfully begotten of such mother."
In the construction of statutes no authority need be quoted for the following rules of interpretation. 1st. All the acts passed at any one session of a legislative body are to be taken together as one act. 2d. Consequently, the same words or phrases, as often as they occur, are to be construed to have the same meaning when that can be given them without gross violation of the sense. 3d. The acts of the same session, made in pari materia, are to be taken together as one act. The marriago act, the act of descents, the statute of wills and distributions, and the act respecting dower, were made in pari materia. Marriage is the source of all legitimate birth, and, as such, the cause of dower, of descents, and of distributions. These laws have extraordinary claims io be considered as one statute. They were compiled at the same time, by the same committee, composed of the ablest lawyers and civilians of their country-enacted at the same session of the sa~ie legislative body, in the same year, (1785 ;) and, lastly, all went into operation at the same time, on the Ist of January, 1789. They will be fouAd to contain a complete code for the government of domestic relations, without any contradictions or discrepancies. These four statutes contain 164 sections; in almost every one of which the future verb shall occurs, and in all of which, with the exception

OF THE UNITED STATES.

22i

of the 7th section of the marriage act, (which confirms past irregular marriages,) its future operation cannot be disputed, nor never has been disputed.
With the rules of construction'already stated, and this view of the four tatutes, we will proceed to show, that the appellaints' construction of tile 19th section is incorrect. And this, 1st, on principle, and, Mly, on authority. First. The rules of construction entitle us to give to the verb shall, in this section, the same meaning intended whenever it occurs in any of the statutes. If the legislature had intended to confer legitimacy on those recognized before the 1st of July, 1787, they certainly would have left us nothing for construction. They would not have been less cautious than in the preceding section
they had shown themselves on a less important subjec; "is or hath been an alien," &e. Again ; it is the obvious policy of a just legislature, that this act should operate prospectively, not retrospectively. Words which might bear both constructions, ought to be expounded according to that policy; to give a statute a retroactive effect without evident necessity, is inconsistent with this policy. To give to this act an operation upon past births and marriages, is to carry the liberality of construction far indeed. But to cause it to operate on the past recognitions of the father who is dead, before the commencement of the statute Itself, would be unjustifiable. The principle of the law is, that after marriage, the father, if he pleases, may render his children legitimate. Legitimation, in this view, is the effect of the father's agreement; an effect of which he must be sensible

1820. SSteesv'enson's
Heirs
Sullivant.-

22

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
stevenon's HVe.irs
Sutivant.

to make it his act. It is easy to conceive of cases
in which a father, willing to soothe his wife, and make the best of his case, might be brought to say
that her children, born before their marriage, were
his, at a time when such acknowledgment would have no legal effect whatever; but who, with the provisions of this statute before him, would make such an acknowledgment; an acknowledgment which would make the child his heir, and pledge him to the mother and the world to provide for it as such. To construe the act as having a retrospective effect on past recognitions, would, therefore, be against the general policy of legislation; contrary, often, to the wish of a deceased individual; and might be productive of much injury to private rights.
But, it is said, that the possible interest which children have in the property of their father in his life time, is not of that absolute character which the legislature cannot control. This is admitted, and the statute of descents is an exercise of such a control. But the new rule of descents created by that act, is known to the prop: ietor in his life time, and if that pleases him not, the statute of wills, of the same date, is placed in his hands, and enables him to control the act of descents. Again ; it is a maxim that nemo est heres viventis. In life, the relation of father and child exists between legitimates, but not between illegitimates. The relation of ancestor and heir, presumptive or expectant, may exist while the former is still living. But the legal relation of ancestor and heir never does exist until the death of the father. The moment the eyes of the father are closed in death, is

OF THE UNITED STATES.

W

that in which this legal relation begins to exist, and 18o. from that time it becomes unalterable. So, after his Stevenson's decease, Hugh Stephenson became ancestor to Ri- Heirs chard in ventre sa mere; but not the ancestor of the Sullivant. appellants.
To examine the 19th section upon authority. The cases of Rice et al. v. Efford et'al.a and of Stones v. Keeling, and Hughes v. Strikerb are all that bear upon the subject. The only question which seemed to create much difficulty in those cases was, whether births and marriages, before the act, were-embraced by it? and the decisions are, that such births and marriages are embraced, where the children, -torn before wedlock, had been recognized by the father, after the 1st of January, 1787. But this is said to be nothing more than an obiter dictum of Judge Roane. But we regard it as the reasoning of the Court, given by the only Judge who gave any reason forthedecision. A decision, that marriages and births, before the act, are embrace'd by its provisions, be" cause the recognition took place after the act was in force, is plainly a decision, that, but for the subsequent recognition, prior marriages and births could not be considered as within the act. These cases furnish good authority for applying the 7th section of the marriage act, to marriages contracted before, but existing on the 1st of January, 1787; and for substituting the words " hath been," in the act of descents respecting aliens, for the words 11 shallhave been." If this be correct, both those provisions will accord with the residue of the acts containing them,

a 3 Henn. 4" Aiunf. 225.

b b.

224

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o. and with the act concerning dower; and the statute

Stevenson's Sof wills and distributions. HVe.irs will then be prospective.

The* operation of all,

Sullivant. The statute of descents shows, that wherever, ia adopting the civil law, its fiamers meant to exceed or

fall short of its provisions, they have done so in ex-

plicit terms. By the civil law, the marriage of the

parents legitimated the children previously born,

without the father's recognition.a This legitimation

was the subject of the famous proceeding at the par-

liament of Merton. The ecclesiastics there demand-

ed, that the marriage of the parent should legitimate

the ,children; to which the barons returned their

memorable answer: "Nolumus leges Angliwe mu-

tari. The common lawyers of England, therefore,

would not agree to adopt the civil law in this parti-

cular. But the common lawyers of Virginia, who

compiled the act of 1785, determined to adopt the civil

law in this particular, sub modo ; that the marriage

of the parents should legitimate the children, pro-

vided thefather should afterwardsrecognize them. It

is contended, on the other side, that this recognition

is nothing more than statutory eviden'ce of the fact,

which might be otherwise proved, and is not of itself

a substantive provision. If this argument be correct,

-then by the common and civil law a bastard must

-always have been the heir of his natural father, pro-

vided the identity of that natural father could be

proved. But as we know that the mother, both by

a 1 Bl. Comm. 455. Just. Iat. 1. 1. tit. 11. e. 13. b I B1. Comm.455.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

th common and civil law, was always a competent witness to establish the fact ofthe father's identity, and yet never resorted to for the purpose of making her child heir to the father, we have a right to conclude, that the recognition required by the statute, is something more than mere evidence of the fact;
3. The appellants claim as heirs of Richard Stevenson, under the 18th section, and in support of this claim they contend, that the terms, "inheriting or transmitting inheritance on the part of the mother,
in like manner as if they had been lawfully begotten of such mother," confer a capacity to inherit and transmit inheritance in the ascending as well as descending line, and also from and among collaterals. Their doctrine amounts plainly to this : that by the true construction of the second member of the 18th section, bastards are made the legitimate children of their mothers, at least Qpr the purposes of inheritance.
In expounding the statute of descents, it has been justly remarked by Judge Tucker, that the framers of it were eminent sages of the law, and complete masters of its technical terms. This being the case, it would be reasonableto look for the same technical language, in all cases where the same thing was intended. When in the 19th section of the act of descents, and also in the marriage act, they remove from
certain classes of bastards all the disabilities under which they laboured, they employ that legal term which conveys their meaning clearly, and leaves nothing for construction. They say they shall be "legitimate," not that they shall be capable of inheriting it on the part of their mothers %nd fathers ;" leaving

4820.
Stevenson's Heiri
Sullant

Vdr. V.

29

26
1820.
Stevenson Heirs
Sullivat.

CASES IN THE SOPREME COURT
us to inquire after the extent of the capacity. The law causes them to change characters. They cease to be bastards, and become the legitimate children of their father and mother. The consequences of
their legitimacy fbllows. They have father and niother, sisters and brothers, uncles and aunts, with an universal capacity of inheriting and transmitting inheritance. The 18th section immediately preceding, if it had been intended to make bastard children the legitimate offspring of their mothers, would have followedthe same language, and would have left nothing to interpretation. That section would have read thus: " In making title by descent, it shall be no bar to a party, that any ancestor through whom he derives his descent from the intestate, is, or hath been an alien or a bastard. Bastards also shall be considered in law as the legitimate children of their mother." The 19th section,' like the marriage act, gives no new capacities to bastards as such. They make certain persons of that description legitimate, and the capacities of legitimacy follow of course. They inherit to both parents, aot as bastards, but as their legitimate offspring.
The second proposition of this argument is, that all the disabilities of bastardy are of feudal origin. With us it is of Saxon origin. The term bastard being derived from a Saxon word, importing a bad, or base, original. The disabilities of bastardy are the same under the civil as under the common law, and in all ages and nations.a He has no ancestor;
a Rees' Cyclopedia, art. Bastard. Cooper's Just. Inst. 37. 1 Bac. Abr. 510.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-27

no name; can inherit to nobody, and nobody to him;
can have no collaterals nor other relatives except those descended from him. He can have no sur-
name, until gained by reputation. This is the origin of new families. He is the propositus by common law. But by the civil law he can inherit his mother's estate.a She is, therefore, the propositus of the civil law. Collaterals descended from a male relative are by the civil law termed agnati;those'descdnded from a female relative cognatib In a note to Cooper's Justinian, which I take to be from the pen of Sir Henry Spelman, it is said that illegitimate children can have no agnati-Quia neque gentem neque familian habent. If for this reason they can have no agnati, it follows that they can-have no cognati; and this is the reason of Jusfinian's broad proposition, that.bastards can have no collaterals ; which is our doctrine in this case.
It is admitted that the 18th section does not give legitimacy except specially for inheritance ; that is, it removes that incapacity, and no other : finding and leaving them bastards. Now, there are no other disabilities except the incapacity to inherit or to hold a church dignity-d And since these dignities do not exist in the United States, if it had been the intention of the legislature to place the bastard on the footing of a lawful child of his mother, for the purposes of inheritance, and thus to admit him among collaterals in her line, it is inconceivable why they should not have

1820.
Stevenson's
Heirs Snilivant,

a 2BI. Comm. 247.

b Cooper's Just. Inst. 561.

c ooper'sJust.last. 561. note. d I L Comm. 459.

223

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Son's Heirs V.
Sullivant.

said at once, that bastards shall be considered in law
the legitimate children of their mother. Instead of which, they have used a technical term, exparte ma-
terna ; which in the civil law is constantly opposed
to this other term, ex linea materna. Ihe first importing a capacity of lineal inheritance; the other, that, and collateral inheritance also. Neither by the common nor civil law could she inherit to her child, even chattels ; she is not mother for inheritable purposes by either code; and the 18th section has given ber no inheritable blood of her child. Being incapable of inheriting herself, she cannot give inheritance to a legitimate child by the civil law; because, by one of its canons, the child can never succeed by representation or succession, where the paren.t could not.
. So far, therefore, is the assertion, that the heritable
disabilities of bastardy are of feudal origin, from being correct, that they were known and enforced from time immemorial in all nations; were known and enforced in England, before the Norman sat foot
there. The Ecclesiastics at Merton did not demand of the king that bastards should inherit even to their mother. They simply demanded, that by the intermarriage of their parents they should become legitimate; which was refused.
But it is contended by the appellants' counsel, that the words, '. in like manner as if lawfully begotten of such mother," apply as well to collateral as lineal inheritance. But what is that which a bastard has capacity to do, " in like manner as if lawfully begotten of his mother ?" The answer is in the words of

OF THE UNITED STATIA.

229

the statute, "of inheriting and transmitting inherit- 1820. ance on the part ofhis inother."
But, we insist, that although Richard Stevenson, Heirs the son, took by purchase from the State; yet he SuUivant, took quasi heir, to hold as such to the use of his male ancestry,- under the equity of the 5th section of
the act of descents : "1Provided, nevertheless, that where an infant shall die without issue, having title to any real estate of inheritance derived by purchase
or descent from the father ; neither the mother of such infant, or any issue which she may have by any person other than the father of such infant, shall
succeed to, or enjoy the same, or any part thereof, ifthere be living any brother or sister of such infant on the part of the father, or any brother or sister of the father, or any lineal descendant - of either of them." The principle of this section is, that the estate which came from a male ancestor, shall return to his stock. The principle of the 6th section, immediately following it, is the same; that the estate which came from a female ancestor, shall return to her stock. It is admitted, that the case of Richard Stevenson is not within the letter of the 5th section; but is it not within the equity of it ? The estate came not from the father by descent, or by gift; but in equity we may pursue the consideration of the grant, and have a right to inquire, whether that consideration was furnished in common, by the paternal and maternal kindred; and, therefore, ought to pass to both lines. The consideration of the grant to Richard Stevenson, is his father's military serVice, and his death in that service. Loss is a valuq-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I8 0.
Stevenson's s
Heirs
Sullivant.

ble consideration for a grant, and the grant ought, in
consequence, to be made to the heir of the family suffering the loss. A military bounty is in the na-
ture of compensation for a loss, or of a gratuity for services. It is intended to supply to a family, as tlr as the liberality of the country can supply the place of a lost member. They are intended to avail the heir in his pecuniary concerns to the extent to which it is supposable his father's labour might have availed him had he lived. In this view, therefore, the bounty, given by law to the heir, is, in equity, a paternal estate, and should descend and pass to tile paternal kindred, in exclusion of the maternal.

The Attorney- General,on the same side, contended, that the appellants were not entitled, either as legal representatives of Hugh, or as heirs of Richard Stevenson.
1. The appellants were not the legal representatives of Hugh Stevenson; for legal representatives are those whom the law appoints to stand in a man's place, and such was not the case of the appellants. The law recognized no connexion between them and Hugh Stevenson.
But, it is objected, that the father had made them his legal representatives by his will. This admits of various answers: but one is sufficient, that the will was a nullity; it was revoked by the subsequent marriage and birth of a child-a Neither, therefore, by operation of law, nor by any act of Hugh Stc.

a Wilcocks v. Rootes, I Wash. Rep. 140

OF THE UNITED STATES.

231

venson, does it appear that the appellants were his iso.

legal representatives.

Stevenson's

2. Neither could they inherit as heirs to Richard HVe.irs

Stevenson; for, being natural children, there was sulivnt.

no common blood between them.

It is again objected, that they were legitimated by the 19th section of the law of descents. But this clause has received a judicial exposition by the high-

est Court of the State, in which the law was passed, and is now the settled law of that land. In the cases of Rich v. Efford,a and Sleighs v. Strider,' the Court of Appeals of Virginia decided, that the act applied to cases of prior births and marriages; but, that to give it an application, the father must have been in life after the passage of the act. In this case, the father had died more than ten years before the act

took effect, and, consequently, the case at bar is not within its operation. But, it is said, that the Court

of Appeals were right in extending the law to cases of births and marriages antecedent to the act; but they were demonstrably wrong in declaring, that the

act applied to cases only in which the father had died posterior to the act. To which we-answer, that the precedent cannot be divided ; if it is to have the authority of a precedent, it'must be taken altogether; it cannot be entitled to the authority of a precedent so far as it favours the opposite side, and be open to dispute so far as it destroys their position. It has been the settled law of Virginia, since the year 1805; for it was then that S!eighs v. Strider was

a 3.Henn. 4" Munf. 225.

b M. U£9. note.

CASPS IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Stevenson's Heirs
:V_
Suflivant.

decided, and though its correctness may have been
originally doubtful, yet extreme inconvenience follows the disturbance of a rule of property which
has been so long settled; and that this argument ab inconvenienti, was of great weight in the estimation of the Court of Appeals itself, may be seen from the proposition to reconsider the decision of that Court in the celelrated case of Tomlinson and Delland. The original decision in that case, which subjected the succession to personal property, to the feudal principle, which, in relation to lands, respected the blood of the first purchaser, had been made in 1801. It having produced great excitement in the State, and being very generally disapproved, a reconsideration was most strenuously pressed in 1810, nine years only after the original decree; but a majority of the Court was of the opinion, that the inconvenience of overthrowing what was already considered as a settled rule of property, was too great to be encountered, even if the decision were erroneous at first. It is true, that they thought the decision called for by the stern language of the law; but from one of the Judges this opinion was wrung with such manifest reluctance, that it was believed he would have come to a different result had the question been res integra. Here the rule having been settled, the Court will say how far it ought now to be considered as the settled law of the State.
If, however, these precedents be open to question at all, they are open throughout; and if the Court of

a 3 Call's Rep. 185.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

233

Appeals erred at all, it was not in limiting the operation of the law to cases in which the father has died since the act took effect, but in extending it to cases of births and marriages which happened anterior to the passage of the law. This law took effect on the 1st of January, 1787. The births, the marriage, the recognition, and the death of the father, had all occurred in, and prior to August, 1776. Had the legislature of Virginia the right to pass a retrospective law? The Court of Appeals said not, in the cases of Turner v. Turner's executgrs,0 Elliott v. Ly: ell,band the Commonwealth v. Hewitt." Even where it has been attempted to apply a new remedy to preexisting rights, it is said the language must be irresistibly clear, or the Court will not give it such retrospective operation.
Does the language of this act clearly intend to operate on pre-existing facts? on pre-existing mar-
riages and births ? We contend that it does not. In the case of the Commonwealth v. Hewitt, before cited, Judge Roane, in resisting the retroactive effect of the law, founds himself, in a great measure, on the general nature of laws, as prospective, and on the time assumed by the act itself for the commencement of its operation, from and after the passing thereof. Both considerations concur here, with this farther ,circumstance in favour of this law, that while it has (in the original act) the usual clause, " This' act shall commence in force from and after the passing thereof," a subsequent and distirt law was passed

18i20.
S
Heirs
Sulivant..

a I Wash. Rep. 139.

c 2 Henn. 4-Alunf. 187.

VOL. V.

30

6 3 Call. Rep. 269.

234

CASES IN THE SUJPREME COURT

1820.
SStevensson's
Heirs Si11jvant.

to suspend its operation until the 1st of Januaryy 1787. Again; this act commences with a general declaration, most unequivocally prospective.' The
first clause is, " be it enacted by the general assembly, that henceforth, when any person having title, &c." According to settled rules of construction, therefore, the force of this expression, henceforth, runs through every subsequent clause. The 19th section under consideration ought to be read thus: "Be it enacted that, HENCEFORTH, [that is, after the Ist of January, 1787,] where a man, having by a woman, ne or more children, shall, afterwards, intermarry with such woman, such child or children, if recognized by him, shall thereby be legitimated." Is this language so irresistibly retrospective, in relation to the date of the law, that the Court is constrained to give it that construction ? Is it not,
on the contrary, so obviously future and prospective,
that it requires subtility and violence to wrest it to a retrospective meaning? The verbs which indicate the acts that are to produce the effect of legitimation; are in the future tense. It is insisted, therefore, that the clause has no application to any case, but to one in which all the fatts on which it is to operate, shall happen after its passage; the birth of the children,-. the marriage, and the recognition. It Is true, that in speakiag of the children, the present participle is used, "having one or more children."* But the present tense of this participle relates, not to the time of passing the act,'hut to the time of the marriage, " having,": at the time of the marriage, ", one or more children." This is not a new use of the present tense; grammarians tell us that the present tense is occasion-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

235

ally used to poiigtitthe relative time ofa futute action. 1820.

The true redig of this part of the act is this,CSteven-son's

"where" (i.e. in all cases, hereafter) in which) "a man shall marry a womah, having by him, at the time, one or more children." Thus, the participle,

Heirs
V.
Sullivant.

although present at the time of the marriage, is future
in felation to the'passage of the act. This is no unusual application of this participle ;-if I say, "if a man shall go to Rome, and having a dagger in his hand, shall strike it to the heart of the Pope :" the ,present participle is properly used in it ; it is present

in relation to the action with which it stands connected, though future, in relation to the time of speaking.

So the present participle here is present in refer.

ence to the act with which it clearly stands connect-

ed, the act of marriage ; although future in relatioi

to the date of the act. The sense is the same as if

the legislature had said, " wherever, hereafter, a

.man shall have one or more children by a woman,

and shall, afterwards,intermarry with her," &c. It

is only by this construction which considers both the birth and marriage as futtre,that the word " after-

wards," used in the act, acquires a grammatical sense,

ior, indeed, any kind of sense. To prove this, let us

l..see what the effect will be of considering this parti-

ciple, as used in the present tetise, in reference to

the time of passing the act. Then thq sense

will be, "1where a man now having one or more

children by a woman, shall afterwards intermarry

with her :" it is clear that the word, afterwards,be-

comes insignificant and senseless. It adds nothing

to the meaning; for if a man now having one or more children by a woman, shall intermarrywith

236

CASES-IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Stevenson's Hein
Sullivant.

her, he must of necessity intermarry with her after-
wards ; for the future verb, shall intermarry,makes the actfuture, in relation to the passage of the act;
and the adverb of time, afterwards,addedto the verb, does not perform its appropriate function of adding a new quality to the verb. It is a useless clog, therefore, on the sense, because its tendency is to obscure, and not to illustrate the sense. Whereas, the construction for which we contend, (by considering both facts as posterior to the act, but the marriage as being posterior to the birth,) gives the word, afterwards,force and-significancy; it then performs the office of arranging the order of the two future events. In this point we differ from the Court of Appeals of Virginia, and insist, that the liberality which would apply this act retrospectively, to previous births and marriages, is a liberality which looks beyond the judicial sphere, and belongs only to the legislature. What is the argument on which the Court of Appeals (and the opposite counsel, after them) ground themselves in extending this act to antecedent births and marriages? "I see no difficulty," says Judge Roane, in Rice v. Efford,a "except what arises from the words, shall afterwards intermarry, which might seem to import only marriages to be celebrated in future: that word, afterwards, however, is rather to be referred to the birth of the children, than the passage of the act; and no good reason could possibly have existed with the legislature for varying the construction of a section, embracing two descriptions of cases standing on a similar foundation." The counsel for the appellants, seizing this

u 3 Henn. 4-raMumf. 231.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
passage, has said,- the terms, " shall afterwardsin- 1820. termaiary," are- correctly referred (by the Court) to Stevenson's the birth-of the children, not to the date of the-act.... Heirs This is not accurate: it is not the three words, shall suy . afterwardsintermarry,that are referred by the Court to the birth of the children: but the word, afterwards, alone. This, we admit, is correctly referred to the birth of the children : but the Court having correctly gained this conclusion, forget the force of the future verb, " shall intermarry." We say, that the force of this future verb requires that the marriage shall be after the act.. That henceforth, " where a ,man having by a woman one or more children, shall afterwards intermarry with such woman," irresistibly demands a marriage future to the date of the act: that the words, shall intermarry, , make the marriage future in relation to the act. - The word, afterwards, removes the marriage farther off, and marks its futurity in relation to another.event, the birth of the children; which other event) although expressed by the present participle, is itself drawn forward into futurity by the force of the vword, afterwards, to which it is attached. That such an intention is utterly inconsistent with the prospective character given* to the whole act, by the force of the word henceforth, and in the commencement. That the force of this word runs through the whole aet; and that, used in the clause under consideration, it would render the retrospective construction of that clause absurd. In the passage cited, Judge Roane says, that no good reason could possibly have existed with the legislature, for varying the cQnstruction of a

CASEA IN THE SUPR M COURT

isme.
Sterenson's
feit" stullat,

section embracing two descriptiois of casesst ding on a similar foundation. This might have been a .good argument on the floor of the legislature, to in-
date them to embrace past cases; but it is no atgument to prove that they have embraced them. Whether they ought to have embraced them is a very different question from whether they have actually done so. The first is purely e legislative question; the last purely a judicial question, and the only question in the case for the Court.
But it is said, the appellants do not seek to give the act a retrospective effect; they say that the act, front the time it took effect, clothed the !appellants with a new capacity of inheritance, not in relation to rights previously vested, but in relation to inheritances which might thereafter fall. Let it be-admitted that their position is such; let it also be admitted, that the legislature had the right to clothe them with such new capacity in relation to future inheritances. But the question still remains, have they done so : is it to persons in their predicament that this new capacity of inheritance is extended ? We have endeapoured to show that it is not : whether the Court look to the exposition of the statute by the tribunals of the State, or whether they look to the construction of the statute, perse. The Court of Appeals of Virginia, while they admit the application of this statute to antecedent births and marriages, decide that the law applies to cases only where the father has died posterior to
the passage of the statute. ,The reasoning on which the Court ground this distinction is not fully developed by them : the appellants' counsel infers their reason-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

239

ing, and, as we way safely admit, contests it with suc- 1s2

cess. But thereis a reason for requiring that the father ''

"

Stevenson's,

should continue in life after the act, which applies-with Heirs

equal force both to the marriage and the recogni- Su 'nt.

tion, and corroborates the construction drawn from the

language of the law, that both those facts should be

posterior to the act. It is this: the statute attaches

new legal consequences to the act of marrying a wo-

man by whom the man had, previously, had children;

and to the act of recognizing such children. Make

the law prospective in those particulars, and the citi.

zens for whose goverinent it was intended, have it

in their choice, by performing those acts thereafter,

to incur those consequences or not. But attach those

consequences to a past marriage and recognition, and

you change the legal character of a past transaction

by an cxpostfacto law. By a subsequent law you

attach consequences to an act which did not belong

to it when it was performed. It is precisely for this

reason that ex post facto laws are prohibited; be-

cause consequences are attached to an act which did

not belong to them at the time; and which, conse-

quently, could not have entered into his consideration of the question, whether he would commit it or

not. You surprise him by a new case, on which his

judgment was never called to pass, and when it is too

late to retract the step and avoid the new conse-

quences.

S. The next ground taken by the claimants is, that

if they were not legitimated by the 19th section of

the law of descents, they were made capable of in-

heriting from Richard by the 18th section of that

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. law." It is contended on the part of the appellants,

Stevenson's Heirs
V.
Siilivant.

that this clause opens an inter-communication of blood through the mother, to an indefinite extent
lineally and collaterally. But we insist, that it only gives to the natural children the faculty of inheriting immediately from the mother, and of transmitting such inheritance to their posterity. The legislature has not said, that natural children shall be considered as lawfully born of their mother for all the purposes of inheritance pointed out by the act. It has given them two capacities of inheritance only; the capacity to inherit on the part of the mother;
and the capacity of transmitting inheritances on the part of the mother. These capacities, it is true, they are to enjoy, in like manner "1as if they had been lawfully begotten of the mother." But these words, Cas if, &c." do not add to the number of their heritable capacities; they seem only to designate the extent to which they shall enjoy the two specifw capacitieswhich are expressly given them.
Do these capacities authorize them to claim the inheritance from Richard ? What are they ? Ist. That they shall be capable of inheriting on the part of their mother; 2dly. That they shall be capable of transmitting inheritance on the part of their mo-

a Which provides, that " in making title by descent, it shall be no bar to a party that any ancestor through whom he derives his descent from the intestate is, or hath been an alien. Bastards also shall be capable of inheriting or of transmitting inheritance on the part of their mother, in like manner as if they had been lawfully begotten of such mother."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

241

ther. The last capacity itis not contended, has any 1820. applicationto the case at bar. This not being the stevesu case of an inheritanc· e transmitted through the na- iVeV. . tural children, but one which they claim directly for sulivant.
themselves. If they are entitled, therefore, their title must arise 'under the first capacity, that of inheriting on the part of their mother. What is the meaning
of this expression, on the partof their mother? The counsel on the other side contends, that it means firom or through the mother; that it connects the bastard with the ancestral line of the mother, and through her, collaterally, with all who are of her blood. On the other hand, we insist, that the capacity does not go beyond an .inheritancefrom the mother, and the transmission of that inheritance lineally and collaterally among their descendants; or, in other words, to make the mother the head of a new family. The expression "1on the part of the mother," does not carry the mind beyond the mother, unless connected with words of more extensive significance, such as, ancestors on the part of the mother, or descendantson the part of the mother; and here it would be the supplemental words which would produce the effect, not the words, "on the part of the mother." But) it will perhaps be urged that
in the case of Barhiiti v. Casey," the counsel upon both sides, and the Court) seem to have understood this term in the sense contended for on the other side. That case arose on a statute of Maryland, in which the force of the term is expounded to meaii,

Vo . V

a 7 Cranch, 471; "

242

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. from or through. In our case, the Virginia statute
SSteeveenslson's furnishes an opposite inference. The expressions, Heirs "1on the partof the father,"and 6 on thepart of the
Sulivant. mother," occur in the 5th section of the law of de-

scents. It is the only instance in which they do occur, and there they are indisputably synonymous with "of" and "from" any brother or sister of such infant on the part of thefather, and so vice versa. It is said, that this provision places the natural children on the footing of legitimate children to all the purposes of inheritance. But, we would ask, does it enable the mother toinheritfrom them ? Does it enable the mother's ancestors or collateral relations so to inherit? The provision is, that the natural children may inheritfrom the mother. But where is the provision that the mother may inherit from them, or that her relations may inherit from them ? It is
not to be found; the legislature did not look upwards beyond the mother. It was not their object to force her natural issue upon a family which she had dishonoured and offended by bringing them into the world. That they should have connected them with her was just and proper; she could not complain. But to have connected them with a family from which she had probably been expelled on account of her infamy, and to have given them a capacity to inherit the estates of that family, would not have been quite so just or reasonable. We contend, that thelegislature have not done it; but that the capacity to transmit applies only to inheritances descending from the mother, and from each other. Again; ifthe expression, "on the part of the mother," is of the extent contended for,

OF THE UNTED STATES.

243

then thecapacity-to inherkion the partof the mother, is a power to take inheritancesfrom, or throughher, in right off'her. But the inheritance claimed is not of this description; it is a direct inheritancefrom a
mother, which, both at the common law, and under the statute, is not an *inheritanceon the part of"the mother; it does not come from, or through her, it does not come in her right. So say. the Court in ihe case of Barnitz v. Casey, before cited.a That was on the statute of Maryland; the statute of Virginia, in *casethere is no father, gives the estate to the mother, brothers and sisters, per capita,so that the shares taken by the brothers and -sisters, are.,cast at once from the deceased brother on them, and do not come' to them, from*or through, or-in right of the niother.
This is the inheritance which the appellants claim; and which they claim in virtue of their specific and single capacity to inherit on the part of the mother,

82o.
stevensnn's
HeVir,s Sullivant.

Mr. Hammond, for the appellants, in reply, stated, that the argument - on the .other -side, involved . the general construction of the act; as well as.'its-operation upon this particular case. It asserts, that the recognition must,'inall cases, be-subsequent to the marriage, thus proving the consent of the father-to the legitimation. Now, if the legitimation does hiot result from the agreement, or-depend upon the assent of the father, this -argument is of no avail. The principle is adopted from the civil law. And it is reasonable to suppose, that.when the ablest Iawyem

a 7 Cranch, 476.

2441

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
SSteeveenssonn's Heim
-V.
sunivaut.

and civilians of the country, introduced- it into their code, they intended to adopt it as interpreted and understood in the countries where it prevailed.
The civilians held, that "1this legitimation is a pri.vilege or incident inseparably annexed to the marriage, so that, though bQth ,the children and parents should wave it, the children would, nevertheless, be legitimate." The foundation of this doctrine is thus explained: "Ratio est quia matrimonium subsequens ex fictione legis retrahitur ad tempus susceptionis i berorum ut legitimati habeantur legitime suscepti (i. e.) post contractum"a
If legitimacy is an incident inseparably annexed to the marriage, it must be the marriage, and not the agreement of the father, that legitimates the child. But tlhere can be no such legitimacy without the agreement or recognition of the father. Agreement and recognition are not synonymous terms. Recognition implies no more than a simple admission of a fact; it is in the nature of evidence. Agreement supposes an assent or compact, from which certain consequences result, made with a view to those consequences. Recognition refers to something past. Agreement implies. a transaction from which some effect is to follow. The provision under consideration consists of an enumeration of facts, and a declaration- of legal consequences resulting from those facts.- The facts are, having children by a 'woman, and afterwards marrying her. Upon such a case the statute operates, and declares the children legitimate. But the effect follows only

stlargr.note. Co. Litt.fol. 244. b. 245. a.

-OF THE UNITED STATES.

2,46

the legal proof of the facts ; and this the statute has 1820. defined. There must be a recognition by the father; Stevensons' and this is considered a third fact. Though as a Heirs
fact it must exist; yet its .existence is only necessary v.
to establish the first fact; that the husband of the mother is,. inrverity, the father of the child. No legal consequences can result, until facts are establish-
ed by proof. We insist, that the terms ",ifrecog-
nized by him," are'inserted for the single purpose of defining the proof upon which the material facts should be established, and are to be regarded only as prescribing a rule of evidence for the particular case, Had the legislature -intended this recognition. as one fact, a principal condition upon which the legitimacy was to be founded, they could easily have connected it with the other facts, so as to have left no doubt about it. 'The act would have read thus: "Where a man, having by a woman one or more children, shall afterwards intermarry with such woman, AND recognize such child or children, they shall thereby be legitimated." As the wordsnow Stand in the sentence, they are of very different import. The two principal facts are first enumerated ;then proceeding to declare the result, the.mode of proof is set down, as it were, in a parenthesis, hypothetically,
and indefinite asto time- As much as to say, "when the father and mother intermarry, if, supose that, allow that the father recognized the children, they shall be legitimate." If the recognition of the father is a principal fact; if the legitimacy is the consequence of that recognition, the child,ould only be legitimate from the time of the recognition. This would in-

246

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820.
Stevenson's
Heirs
V'. Sullivant.

troduce endless confusion and litigatibn. The rights
of parties would always depend upon the time the father signified his assent, or declared his agreement.
This never was the doctrine of the civil law. Some
referred the legitimation to the birth, others to the time of marriage; but all dated, it from the one or the other of these periods. But as legitimation could not exist until the celebration of the marriage, we hold that it must commence at that time, and from that-time confer rights upon the parties. A recognition before marriage is within the letter of the act. It supplies evidence as conclusive of the fact to be established, as if made"after the marriage. Constantine, who introduced this provision into the civil law, 0 is supposed to have intended it as an encouragement to those who had children born in concubinage, to marry the mother of such offspring.""G But i our case, the recognition is in fact subsequent to the marriage.. The will speaks only from the death of the testator, and is, therefore, a recognition by him at the time of his death. :The appellants were born illegitimate. Their father recognized them as his children. While illegitimate, he declares their mother his wife. He afterwards marries her, and continues to recognize them as his children. He dies. Then comes an act of the Ieg'islature, the special object of which is, " to protect and provide for the innocent offspring of indiscreet parents, who had al-
ready made all the atonement in their power for their misconduct, by putting the children Whom the father

az I Woodes. 391.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

247

recognized as his own, on the same footing as if born in lawful wedlock." If birth and marriage are the facts upon which the act operates, and recognition nothing but evidence of those facts, the decisions already cited are decisive in our favour. It is settled, that-the act extends to cases of birth and marriage before its passage ; and it is perfectly clear, that the enacting part of the act is prospective. The parties upon whom it is acknowledged to operate, could claim no rights, but those-which accrued after the first -of January 1787. It was at that period, and not before, that their new capacity commenced. We have shown, that this interpretation of the act interferes with no vested right: And we have shown how interests in possession may be affected, upon the principle decided in the Virginia Court of Appeals. In the view we take of the case, the deathof the father, before the passage of the act,.is a circumstance of no importance. .It is upon the children, and.not upon the father, that the act operates. It attaches upon existing cases, and gives a character to transactions already,past. Were he alive, he could not recal the birth, the marriage, or the recognition. A solemn disavowal of.the children could not restrain the operation of the law;, for we have shown, that
legitimation results from the facts, and not from the inclination or pleasure of the father.
The common law rules of succession, both as. to
real and personal estate, were exceedingly narrow and-illiberal. Where those rules have been enlarged by statute, Courts have always given the act a liberal interpretation in favour of the persons let irt.

1820.
" *"'
Stevenson's
HVe°is Sulvant.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182o.;
Stevenson's
Heirs
V.
Sullivant.

Thus the English statute of distributions was con-
strued to extend to cases of intestacy that happened before its passage, where administration was granted
afterwards.a No vested right was disturbed by this interpretation, though it allowed the act a retrospective operation. So in our case, though legitimated by a law subsequent to their birth, the appellants claim a new capacity, only in regard to inheritances that may fall after their legitimacy takes effect. The appellants do not seek to make themselves heirs to their father Hugh. They claim that, upon the death of their b'rother Richard, in 1796, they were his heirs at law: In making title by descent from a brother, the father is not noticed at the common law. The descent is held to be immediate between brothers. So, by the laws of Virginia and Kentucky, where the father and mother are both dead, the descent is cast directly to the brothers and sisters. If this position could at any time have been doubted, it is now settled by the decision of this Court in the case of Barnitz's Lessee v. Casey.'
But if the appellants were not legitimated by the 19th section of the act, they claim that they are entitled, as bastards, under the 18th section. When it is admitted that the act changes the condition of bastards, the extent of that change must be ascertained. By determining the class of cases included, it can be best decided what cases are excluded. The Court are called upon for the first time to put a construction upon this part of the act; and we hold, that it will not be correct to say, that bastards cannot in-

a 9, ern. 642.

6 7 Cranch, 456.

-- OP' THlE UNITEDlTATES.

24W

herit collatrally, without showing that the. terms: 1820. and policy of the law can be fairly satisfied, and seno'

collateral inheritance betWeen .bastards denied. The HeVir. s. Court must say that ihe -act -confers nothing but a smiva direct lineal succession between bastardsand their mother.';.tthey must .gay"that the actv.imoves entirely, their iticapacity of Inheritance through. aftd from- the matdrnal "kindred, To thi, last position it is objected by the toitsel for the -respondent, that it makes basfords the le i~ate children of their;mothet for-purposes'of ",inheritance, which ought nat tobe done'j be~hisb-if-'hAnd 'bee thewintentidn,bo the-legis-' laturei,'they would have -said so in express terms, But does it follow,- that the capacity -of inheritince woUld'-folIow--tti express --legitimation-of bastauds; without prbviding that such should -be the coise-_ qfuefce of legitimation ? " Children.. legitimated by theinarriage of their parents, tre no ibnger bastards
tubrastards "ibgiimated in the maternal' line, would still, -inlaw, be without a father, 'and that -badge-of illegitimacy must ever attach: to them. It wa a maxim! of-the civil law"-that the Prince couldlegitimate bastards; but'the civilians held, that 'such legisk timation did not confer the right of succession." It was the right of succession, the capacity of inheriting and transmitthig irheritance, that the legislature in this case -meant to confer ; and they. have chosen to do it id expfess terifis. . Th6re is no room to doubt what was intended.; and we think there is no just

a Domat, Loix Cavile, 1. 1. s. 2. art. 10.

VoL.. V.

30

1!6L0.

CASES LN THE SUPREME COURT

r.-.
6terensoa's
HeV.irs su!liva't.

foundatiohi for the exceptions and limitations set up
by the respondent. We admit distinctly, that the appellants must take
as bastards, or they cannot take at all. They are "Iclothed with all the attributes and disabilities of bastards, except the capacity of inheritance,specially conferred on them, and conferred on them too as bastards." What were the disabilities of bastards at the time the act was passed ? They could not inherit.. In matters of succession and inheritance, they had no mother, and consequently could have no other relative., gt except on the single subject of inheritance, the laws recognised and regarded them as standing in the same relation to their kindred as if born in we4lock. In contracting marriage, bastards werp, held to be relations, and prohibited from marrying within the Levitical degrees. In the case of Haines v. jeffeIl,.the Court of King's Bench refused a prohibition, to stay procee.dings in the Spiritual Court against Haines, for .mnarying the bastard daughter of his sister.a And the Court said it had
always ben.held so; especially where it was the child of a woman relative. Here the law expressly recognizes the collateral kindred between the uncle and his bastard niece. Bastsrds are within the marriage act, which requires the consent of parents or guardians to the marriage of persons within age.' In this case, -Mr. Jiustice Boiler declares that the rule that a bastard is nullius filius, applies only to cases of inheritance, and says it was so considered by Lord

a Ld. Rayn. 68. 6 The King v. The Inhabitants of Hodnett, 1 T. R. 96.

OF THE UJqiTED STATES.

Coke. Even -Blackstone, who is quite a zealot for the c6mrmon law doctrines respecting bastards, admits, almost in -terrns, that btistrds were, at the time
he wrotd, subject to no disability but the incapacity of inheritance. And Woodeson asserts the same thing" In passing the act, the legislature meant to effect a change in the legal condition of bastards, by removing, to some extent, the only legal incapacity to which they were subject: -and this was a total disqualification to inherit or transmit estates, from oi t6'ascending or collateral kindred. It is, therefore, evident, that the legislature contemplated conferring
fhis capacity, in respect to the ascending or collateral kindred, or both. The civil law distiriguished bastards into four classes. Those born in concubinage succeeded to the effects of their mother and relatives, and in some Eases to a part of the estate of their putativefather. ' So that the authority of precedent is against the doctrine of the respondent, which would limit the effect of the act to inheritanqe direct tgetween the mother and the bastird.
BUiit is urged i that the appellants cannot inherit *cllaterally, beti~s6, legally speaking, bastards have rio collateral relations; and-therefore the appellants cfinnot he the brothers and sisters of Richard. This was trt"i befdre-thh'passage of the act. But does ft remain 'so since ? The law then provided, that so far as inheritance was conicerned, a bastard was the son of no person. He. had neither father nor r ther, and, consequently, had no blood to convey

1820.
Stevenson's
Heirs
:Vo
Suffivant.

a BI. Comm. 496. b 1 Woodes. 394. r N',. 89. c. 12. s. 4.

2C,AU2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182-0.
Stevenson HVe.irs
sumvant.

succession except in a lineal descent Aow. hirself. There was no blood to convey succession, either to 'ascendants or collaterals. Having in law no
mother, there could be no source from which a bastard could derive inheritable blood, and no channel through which his blood could communicate .with that of others. But-as this was a provision of positive-law, a new provision could restore the connection. .-Such is the -effect of the provision under consideration. .'Bastards.also sall be capable of inheriting, and transmitting inheritance, pri the-part of THEIR MOTHER, in likemanner as if lawfully begotten of such mother." Heneforth there shall be heritable blood between the bastard and the mother. The.bastard has~thus a egal mother; and having a mother, a channel is opened thrQugh which he can have brothers and sisters, and .,ery.other relative in the ascending and 'ollaterakline. It was because the bastard had no mother, that he could have no.brothers and sisters..: The act gives him.a mother. He can inherit from, and.tranasmit inherit-
ance to Iber direct. Heritable blood can.flow from the mother to her bastardchild, and be traced from the child to -themother, and through the mother to brothers and .sisters, and upcles -and atnts.. The bgstard is not legitimated : But. his blood is made heritable through that parenabout whom there can be no doubt. The character of his blood being changed, he is restored to his kindred in matters of inheritance; the only case in which the law separated him from them. It is true that the appellants were not the brothers and sisters of Richard at the time of his birth, as far as concerned inheritance. But the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

253

act of 1785 has effected a change in their condition ; 182o. and from the day it took effect, they were in law, vensar's and for the purposes of succession to estates, his bro- Ieirs thers and sisters of the -half blood. Had Richard suivft. left brothers and sisters of the whole blood, the 15th section of the act would expressly embrace their case. There -was no occasion to make express provision for the succession of bastards, either in the law of descents, or in Judge Tucker's table, because the general provision-for the half blood included their case. This is clearly the mode of succession contemplated. They shall inherit in like manner as if lawfully begotten.
It is argued that, on the part of, are technical ,terms of -the law, which only import immediately from. The operation of the act is thus,limited to a descent immediately from the mother. If we are mistaken iaihe consequence, which we suppose even this intereommunication. of blood must work in the legal condition of a bastard, we must still inquire whether-the terms of the act can be satisfied by this narrow- contruction.. We do not admit that the terms, on the part of, import no more than iminedi-
ately from. We insist that they are used to desieribe the ancestal.kindred in the line of each parent. On thepiart-of the mother, means, from or through the motheri-or her relatives. Thus, brothers and sisters of
the samre mother, but different fathers, are brothers and sisters on the -part of the mother, and are described as such in the 6th section of the act. Andin the case of Barnitz'slessee v. Casey, before cited, the coufisel upon both sides, and the Court,.seem to have understood these terms in the sense we contend for.

254

"CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. The capacity 6f transmitting inheritance, conferred by
Steven'son's the act, can have no operation, if the terms, on the HeVitrs. part of, be interpreted to mean, immediately from
Sullivant. the mother. The bastard must transmit the inheritance to or through, whether it pass to ascendants or callaterals. The common law disabilities of bastards are, like the canons of descent, of feudal origin : for it must be remembered that this disability relates entirely to
inheritance. Escheats are the fruits and consequences, as Blackstone says, of feudal tenure resulting from the frequent extinction of heritable blood,
according to the feudal tenure of inheritance. A bastard, being the son of nobody, could have no heritable blood, consequently none of the blood of the first purchaser. The feudal doctrine of carrying the estate through the blood of the first purchaser, inevitably excluded inheritance among bastards. In this sense' the disability of bastards was the consequence of feudal policy, and totally inconsistent with the liberal andi equitablecanons of descent, introduced by the act of 1785. The preference of the iale ascending line, preserved by the statute of 1786, is not founded upon feudal doctrines. The inheritance is directed first to the father ; not because he is the most worthy of blood, but because he is the head of the family, who can best dispose of the estate among his surviving children: ,And upon this same principle the grandfather is preferred to the grandmothers and aunts. This is no prefetence of the male ancestors ; but simply a preference of the husband or father, if in existence, to the wife or children of the same person; and the principle of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

255

-this doctrine is directly repugnant to that of the feudal or common law. Corruption of blood by convictions for crimes, alienage, and bastardy, were three fruitful sources of escheats at the common law. The principle of extinguishing the inheritable blood, applied to each case. The first was cut up by the constitution of Virginia. The act of 1785 laid the axe to the root of the other two. Not by authorizing aliens to hold lands, or by legitimating bastards. In the one case it permits a citizen, claiming by descent, to trace his relation to an intestate through an
alien. In the other, it confers a capacity of inheritable blood upon bastards. The object of both provisions is the same: to enable the kindred of the intestate to 'obtain the property he left, instead of rapaciously seiziig it for the government. The act is clearly remedial, and should be construed liberally in furtherance of the object of the legislature, conformable to the opinions of the Virginia Courts alrea-
dy quoted.

1820.
Stevenson's
Heirs Sullivant.

Mr. Justice WASHiNGToN delivered the opinion of Xtar. 4t,. the Court. It is admitted by the counsel on both sides, in their argument, with which the opinion of the Court coincides, that Hugh Stephenson, though the meritoious cause of the grant of this land, never took any interest therein, but that the right to the same vested in his son Richard, to whom the warrants issued, as the first purchaser. It is further admitted by the counsel, that the law of descents of Ohio, at the time -when Richard Stephensoin died, was not more favourable to the claim of the appellants than that of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i8e.
6tvevenson's HeVi.rs Sullivant.

Virginia, which will be hereafter noticed; and they
have, in the argument, rested the cause upon the construction of the latter law. The opinion of the
Court, therefore, is founded on this law. The appellants object to the decree of the Court

below, upon the following grounds: 1. That the land-

warrants ought to have been, granted to them as the

representatives of Hugh Stephenson, designated as

such by his last will.

2. That by the marriage of their mother with

HughStephenson, and his recognition of them as

his children, they were legitimated, and entitled to

the inheritance in this land as heirs to Richard Ste-

phenson; if not so, then,

· .

3. That, as bastardsrthey were capable of inhe-

riting from Richard, wh, they contend, was their

brother, on the part of the mother.

The apl-. 1. The appellants' counsel do not contend, that elanntditsleodf tHo .thSe. ints are not their clients are entitled to this land, as devisees unasde.visee,on-der the will of Hugh Stephenson; such a claim

der hi:s will, or

asbeingnamed his lethal repre-

would

be

clearly

inadmissible,

inasmuch

as the

testa-

hteh.i',isereifi.-t.or was not only not seised of the land at the time his

will was made, but the law which authorized the

grant of it, was not even then in existence. But

they are understood by the Court, to insist, that the

will so far operates upon the subject, as to name them

the representatives of the testator, and to render

them capable, as such, of taking under the act of

assembly, which passed after the death of the testa-

tor. The act provides, that where any officer, soldier,

or sailor, shall have fallen, or died in the service, his

heirs or legal representatives shall be entitled to.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

and receive the same quantity of land as would have .829. been due to such offi·cer, &c. had he been living. St"evensorns

This claim is altogether fanZDciful and unfounded; -HeV.irs

for, in the first place, the appellants were not appoint- Sullivant.

ed by the will to be -the general representatives of

the testator, but the devisees, together with their

mother, of all the testator's property; and, 2dly, if

they had been so appointed, still it could not confer

upon them such a description as to entitle them to

take under the act Qf assembly, unless the act .itself

described them as the legal representatives of Hugh

Stephenson, for whose benefit the grant was intend-

ed; and then, they would have taken exclusively under the act, by force of such legislative descrip-

tion, and not under, or in virtue of the description

in the will. It is not likely that the expression, "le-

gal representatives," in the act, was meant to apply

to devisees of deceased officers and soldiers for whom

the bounty was intended, if they had lived, because,

at the time this law was passed, there could not be a

devisor of those lands under the general law. It is

more probable that they were intended to provide

for the case of a person who may have purchased

the right of the officer or soldier to such bounty as

the legislature might grant to him.

The next question is, whether the appellants were TIeappelant-. legitimated by the marriage of Hugh Stephenson lolmtt
raze ofH. S.
with their mother, and his recognition of them as wtiliethr, thaenidri mUaP
his children. This question arises under the 19tohf theeo-mmtsihoisn d0i1rlT section of the act of 1785, directing the course of dre,,.

descents, which took effect on the 1st of January,

1787. This section declares, that "1where a man,

Vol. V:

3,

258

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. Stevensonls
Heirs Sullivant.

having by a woman one or more children, shall afterwards intermarry with such woman, such child or children, if recognized by him, shall be thereby legi-
timated." There can be no doubt but that the section applied
to bastards in esse, at the time the law came into operation, as well as to such as might thereafter be born. But it is contended by the counsel for the appellants, that the section is, in every other respect, prospective, not only as to the fact of legitimation, but as to the two circumstances of marriage and recognition, which entitle the bastard to the benefits of the law; and, consequently, that to bring a case within the operation of this section, both the marriage and recognition must take place after the Ist of January, 1787. On the other side, it is admitted, that the privilege of legitimation is not conferred upon a bastard prior to the above period; but it is insisted, that, as to the marriage and recognition, the law should be construed as well retrospectively as prospectively. . In the case of Rice v. Efford, decided in the Court of Appeals of Virginia,a the marriage took place priorto the 1st of January, 1787, but the father recognized his illegitimate children, and died, after that period. The whole Court seem to have been of opinion, that the word 11 afterwards" referred not to a time subsequent to the 1st of January, 1787, but to the birth of the children, and, therefore, that the marriage, though prior to that period, legitimated

a 3 Henn. 4- "funf. 2.25.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ihe children before born, if they should be recognized 1820. by the father. But, it was stated by Judge Roane, Stevenson's in giving his opinion, that the construetion of the Heirs act. applies only to cases where the father' has died Sulliyant.: posterior to the passage of the act.
It is contended by the.counsel for the appellants, that since, in the above case, the father recognized the children subsequent to the 1st of January, 1787, this opinion of Judge Roane as to the tinie of the recognition, was unnecessarily advanced, and is, therefore, entitled to no higher respect than what is due to a mere obiter dictum. Be this as it may, it is the uncontradicted opinion of a learned Judge upon the construction of a law of his own State; and is noticed by this Court, not upon the ground of its being considered in that State as of conclusive authority, but because it strongly fortifies the'opinion which this Court entertains upon the point decided; which is, that, however the construction may he as to the inception of the right, it is clearly prospective as it relates to the consummation of it. And this prospective operation being given to the act, by re-
quiring the most important condition upon which the privilege of legitimation is to be conferred, to be
performed after the law came into operation,.it is less material whether the marriage was celebrated before, or after that period. To renler the past recognition of the father effectual to give inheritable ,blood to his children,- who were then illegitimate, and incapable of taking the estate by descent, either from him, or from those to whom it should descend, would in some respects at least, partake of the cha-

Q60

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

iD2o. racter of a retrospective law. It would seeni to he

Stevenson's
Heirs
V.
Sullivant.

most reasonable so to construe the law, as to enable the father to perceive all the consequences of his recognition at the time he made it.

The.ar- The 3d question is, are the appellants, as bastards;

S."ds,o.- ,i,llV..- capable of inheritingb from Richard Stevenson?
'"t-f.l.... r"The 18th section of the law of descents, under

which this question arises, is as follows: 1 In making title by descent, it shall be no bar to a party that any ancestor through whom he derives his descent from the intestate, is, or hath been, an alien. Bastards also shall be capable of inheriting or of transmitting inheritance on the part of their mother, in like manner as if they had been lawfully begotten of such mother."
In the construction of this section, it isnever to be lost sight of, that the appellants are tb be considered. as bastards, liable to all the disabilities to which the common law subjects them, as such, except those from which the section itself exempts them.' Though illegitimate, they may inherit and transmit inheritance, on the part of the mother, in like manner as if they had been lawfully begotten of the mother. What is the legal exposition of these expressions ? We understand it to be, that they shall have a capacity to take real property by descent immediately or through their mother in the ascending line; and transmit the same to their line as descendants, in like manner as if they were legitimate. This is uniformly the meaning of the expressions, " on the part of the mother or father," when used in reference to the course of dcscentn,rea property, in the paternal or maternal

OF THE UNITED STATES.

line. As bastards, they were incapable of inheriting the estate of their mother notwithstanding they were the innocent offspring of her incontinence, and were, therefore, in the view of the legislature, and consonant to the feelings of nature, justly entitled to be provided for out of such property as she might leave undisposed of at her death, or which would have vested in her, as heir to any of her ancestors, had she lived to take as such. The, curient of inheritable blood was stopt in its passage from, and through the mother, so as to. prevent the descent of the mother's property and of the property of her ancestos, either to her own illegitimate children, or to their legitimate offspring. The object of the. legislature would seem to have been, to remove this impediment to.the transmission of inheritable blood from the bastard in the descending line, and to give him a capacity to inherit in the ascending line, and'through his moiher. But although her bastard children are, in these respects, quasi legitimate, they are, neverthe-
less, in all*others -bastards, and as such, they have, and can have neither father, brothers, or sisters. They
cannot, therefore, inherit from Richard Stephenson, because, int contemplation of law, he is not their brother; and even if he were their brother, they would -not inherit their estate under this section, on the part of their mnother, but directly from Richard, the descent.from brother to brother being immediate. Upon no"principle, therefore; can this section help 'the appellant's case. His estate never vested in the Mo*i er. s6 as for her bastard children to inherit from

i8oG.
Stevenson's Heirs
Sullivanf.

262

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUIT

1820.
Stevenson's Heirs
SuIN'ant.

her ; nor did it pass through her in the course of descent to the bastard childrcn.
Decree affirmed, with costs.

a The history of the respective disabilities and rights of ille. gitimate children, in different ages and nations, is a subject of curious speculation. The most ancient people of whose laws and political institutions we have any accurate knowledge are the Jews. They appur to make little or no distinction between their legitibate and illegitimate offspring. So, also, the Greeks, in the heroic ages, seem to have regarded them 2s in every respect equal: but at a subsequent epoch they were. stigmatized with various marks of unfavourable distinction. Among the Athenians, the offspring of parents who hail con-. tracted marriages, which though valid by the law of nations, were contrary to the policy and the positive institutions of the state, were considered as illegitimate; and all bastards were not only deemed incapable of inheriting from either of their parents, but excluded from public honours and offices, and regarded as aliens to the commonwealth. Thus, the citizen who married a foreign woman at once degraded and denationalized his offspring.a The severity of this law was however occasionally -mitigated from motives of policy ; and when the ranks of the citizens of a Grecian republic became thinned by wars and proscriptions, they were filled up again from this disfranchised class. (Arst. Politic. 1. 3. c. 3. Id. 1. 6. c. 4.)
The Roman law distinguished between the offspring of that concubinage which it tolerated as an inferior species of marriage, and " the spurious brood of adultery, prostitution, and incest." (Gibbon's Decl. + Fall, 4-c. c. 44. s. 1.) The former were termed naturales;and the latter, spurii,adulterini, inces. tuosi, nefarii, or sacrilegi,according as they were respectively the fruit of prostitution, of incest between persons in the direct line of consanguinity, or related ih remoter degrees, and of the violation of vows of chastity./
a. ,eges~lrSr, . P il, ti. 4 de liberislegit. nothis, &c.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

263

None of these different classes of illegitimate offspring were 1820. stigmatized by civil degradation, or excluded from aspiring to Stevenson's public honours. (a,uvres .de D'Agueseau, tom. 7. pp. 384, Heirs 385. Dissert. sur les Bastards.) But "according to the proud v. maxims of the republic, a legal marriage could only be contracted by free citizens ; an honourable, at least an ingenuous birth, was required for the spouse of a senator : but thq blood of kings could never mingle in legitimate nuptials with the' blood of a Roman ; and the name of Stranger degraded Cleo-
patra and Berenice to live the concubines of Mark Anthony and Titus." (Gibbon, ubi supra.) " A concubine, int"he strict sense
of the civilians, was a woman of servile or plebeian extraction, the sole and faithful companion of a Roman citizen, who continued in a state of celibacy. Her modest station, below the honours of a wife, above the infamy of a prostitute, was acknowledg-. ed and approved by the laws." (lb.) Thus there were several classes of persons who could not lawfully be concubines, either in respect to the infamy of their characters, st meretrices; or in respect to their rank in life, ut ingenue et illustres ; or in respect to their condition as married women, or nuns professed, or as within the prohibited degrees of consanguinity. ((,uvres
de D'.Aguesseau,ubi supra.) Although bastards were not. deprived of any civil rights by
the Roman law, and "the outcasts of every family were adopted without reproach as the children of the state," yet they were excluded in the early ages of the republic from all .claim to the property of their deceased parents. As the law of the XII Tables only called to the succession the agnates, or the per. sons connected by a line of males of the same gens or "fimily ; and absolutely disinherited the cognates 6r relations on the side of the mother, bastards could have no claim to the property of their parents by inheritance : not to that of the father quis
neque gentem, nequefamiliam Wcaent; nor to that of the mother, because her relations were entirely excluded. It seems, however, that there was no J.aw prohibiting the father from making Aprovision for his illegltimate children by will, until the time of Constantine, who made'some regulations restraining this liberty ;
which, however, are itivolved in such obscurity, that the commew:

2641

CASES IN TI-fE SUPREME COURT

1820. v
SteHveeinrsson's v.
.!1 ivant.

tators are not agreed as to their precise nature. J. Godefroy, in his commentary on the Theodosian codd, is of the opinion that these regulations annulled such provision by wil! in favour of bastards wherever the testator left any legitimate children, or father, mother, brothers, or sisters. (Jac. Godefroy. Com. ad.
Cod. Thcodo. L. 1. De natural. filiis.) Be this as it may, it is certain that the Emperor. Valentinian, A. D. 371, permitted the bastard children of fathers, who had also legitimate offspring, to acquire either by donation or will, one-twelfth part of the paternal property; and in case the father had no legitimate children, or surviving parents, he might dispose in the same manner of one-fourth of his estate in favour of his illegitimate children. (Cod. Theodos. 1. 1. De natural. liberis.) Justinian again permitzed those who had both legitimate and illegitimate children to give or bequeath one-twelfth part of their property to the latter ; and in case they had no legitimate children, to make the same disposition of a moiety of their estate. (01ovell. 18. c. 5. PothierPandect. in Nov. Ordin. Redact. tomn. 2. p. 55.) He afterwards permitted them, in case they had no legitimate children, nor fatler or mother, "quibus necessitas est legis relinquere partem proprim substantim competentem," to leave the whole of their property to their illegitimate offspring ; and in case their father or mother survived, the whole, except what the parents were entitled to by law. (Novell. 89. c. 12.) Justinian also established, for the first time in the Roman jurisprudence, the principle of giving to illegitimate children a legal'claim to a portion of their fathers's property by inheritance ab intestato, by providing, that in case the father died intestate, leaving neither wife nor legitimate offspring, his natural children and their mother should be entitled to one-sixth part of his estate. (cEuvres de D'Aguesseau, tom. 7. 389.) This, however, must be understood strictly of the children born in concubinage, such as the Roman law recognized this domestic relation ; and not 9f " the spurious brood of adultery, prostitution, and incest, to whom, (according to Gibbon,) Justinian reluctantly granted the necessary aliments of life :" but from whom it would, in fact, appear that he inhumanly withheld even this provision.
Omnis qui ex complexibus aut nefariis anut incestis, aut dam-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

265

natis processerit, iste, neque naturalis nominatur, neque aleg17ys.
eat aparentibus, neque habebit quoddam ad prcasentem legem participium.11 (.Novell. 89. c.12. s.M.) Itseems, therefore,
a that this provision for the necessary support of illegitimate
children was confined to those termed naturales. (lb.)

180.
...-%.. Steienson's
Heirs V."

The stern contempt of the early Roman legislators for the

female *ex .a~d entirely excluded the cognates from the rights

of inheritance, "as strangers and aliens." This necessarily

prevented even legitimate children from succeeding to their

mother ; and it is not, therefore, surprising that bastards could

claim no part of the maternal estate. When the rigour of this

principle was relaxed by the equitable interference of the prmtor, his edict called indiscriminately to the succession both the

legitimate and illegitimate chidrp of the motheT. ((Euvres de D'JAguesseau, tom. 7. p. 391. Pothier.Pandect. ilNnov. 'Ordin. Redc. torn. 2. p. 557.) This rule was subsequently confirmed

by the Tertullian and Orphitian senatus consulta, and .continued

the law of the empire ever afterwards, except that Justinian

engrafted into it an exception unfavourable to the illegitimate

,children of noble women, mulieres illustrx. (Lb.) The Roman law had provided various modes by which has.

tards might he legitimated. 1. The first was by a subsequent

marriage of the father and mother; a mode of l.egitimation first established by Constantine. 2. Per oblatioaezu curiw, a mode

introduced by Theodosius and Valentinian, which was when the parent consecrated his child to the service of a city. But this

only had the effect of legitimating the children - in regard to

tlieirfather. .Tbey had no right to inheritfror collaterals, and

even their claim to inherit from their father was confined to

his property within the city to yrhose service they were de-

yated. 3. Adoption alone was declared by the emperor Anas-

tasis to be sufficient to legitimate the natural children of the

persou. dopting, them. But this law was abolished by Justin

and Justinian. 4. By the last will of the flither, confirmed by

the emperor. Bu this only applied to caqes where he had no

surviving legitimafe children, and had some sufficient reason

for not having married the mother of his natural children.

5. Per rescriptumyrincipis;by a special dispensation from the VOL. V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1820. emperor granted upon the petition of the father, who had no

Stevenson'sSlegitimate

offspring, and whose concubine was dead, or where

Heirs he bad sufficient reasons for not marrying her. 6. By the re-

cognition of the father ; as if the father designated one of his Sullivant. natural children as his child in any public or private instru-

ment i this had the effect of legitimating the child thus acknowledged, and all his brothers and sisters by the same mother, upon a legal presumption, that a marriage might have been contracted between the parents. In all these cases, except the 2d, the children thus legitimated were in all respects placed upon the same footing as if born in lawful wedlock. (Euvres de D'Jlguesseau, tom. 7. p. 393. and seq. Potler, Pandect. in
Xbov. Ord. Redact. toin. 1.p. '27.) It should be added, that none of these modes of legitimation
could apply to the offspring of criminal commerce, ex damnato coitu ; since they all suppose that the children are born of a concubine with whom the father might lawfully intermarry. (Euvres de D'Aguesseau, ubi supra.)
By the Roman law if a bastard left legitimate children, they became his heirs precisely as if he himself had been legitimate. But if he died, without having been himself legitimated, and without children, his succession was determined by the riole of reciprocity, and his father and mother, &c.succeeded ts him, precisely as he would have succeeded to them. If he had been legitimated while living, his succession was regulated in the same manner with that of persons born in lawful wedlock. (I.p. 399.)
By the Canon law, the subject of bastardy was, in general, regulated in the same manner as by the Civil law. But though bastards were capable by the latter of aspiring to all the honours and offices of the State, the former refused them the same
privileges in respect to the dignities of the -church. The canonists also aimed to exclude them entirely from the succession of their father or mother, but allowed all indiscriminately a right to claim the necessary aliments of life, After legitima!ion in any of the modes provided by the civil law, such as a subsequent marriage of the parents, &c. they regarded them inthe same manner as if born in lawful wedlock. (Idr.. 400.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

267

and seq.) It was this rule which they endeavoured to imppse 1820.

upon the English barons at the parliament of Mlerton in the
reign of Henry I1. (1 B1. Coin. 456.) The laws of those European countries which have adopted
the Roman law'as the basis of their municipal jurisprudence,

Stevenson's Heirs
v. Sullivant.

regulate the rights and disabilities of illegitimate children in

the same manner as they are determined by the civil and com-

mon law. But the Gothic monarchies of Europe adopted from

the earliest times a legislation on this subject, in many respects

different from that of imperial and papal Rome. Thus, in all

the provinces of France, where the droit coutoutnier, or un-

written law, prevailed, bastards were incapable of inheriting ab

intestato, except the property of their legitimate children, and

the reciprocal right of the husband and wife to succeed to each

other according to the title of the civil law, unde vir et uzor.

This'was the universal law of the kingdom, with the exception

of the peculiar customs of a few provinces, and the pays du

droit ecrit, where the Roman law constituted the municipal

code. (Ferriere.Dict. Mot. Bastard. (Euvres de D'.guesseau,

tom. 7. pp. 403. 430. 448.)

They were, also, with the exception of certain local cus:

toms, incapable of taking by devise from their parents, except

des donations moderies pourleur alimens et entretiens. (Ferriere.

Dict. ubi supra. (Euvres de D'.Aguesseau, tom. 7. p. 431.)

The king was the heir of all bastards dying without legiti-

mate children, or without having disposed of their property

by donation inter vivos, or last will and testament, in the same

manner as he inherited the estates of aubains, or aliens, dying

in the kingdom. (lb.) Of the various modes of legitimation

known to the civil law, that of France adopted only two,

1. that by a subsequent marriage of the parents, and 2. by au-

*thority of the prince. (Euvr. de D'Aguesseau, tom. 7.p. 437.

The bastard who was legitimated by the subsequent marriage

of his parents, was placed upon the same footing as if born in

*lawful wedlock, as to personal rights, and those of property;

but he who was legitimated by authority of the prince, par

lettre du prince, although capable of aspiring to civil honours

and offices, was incapable of inheriting, or transmitting proper-

26S

OF THE UNITED STATE&.

i80. ty by inheritance. (Id. p. 462.) Such was the law of France

Sbefore the revolution ; but it was greatly modified by the comHeirs Stevenson's pilers of the new civil code, who retained but one mode of

v.

legititation, that by a subsequent marriage and recognition of

Sullivant. the parents. (Code-.j'apoL~on, art. 331, 332, 333.) Illegiti-

mate children, legally recognized as such, are entitled, in case their father shall have left legitimate descendants, to one third of the portion to which they would have been entitled had they been legitimate; in case the former shall have left no descendants, but only kindred in the ascending line, or brothers or sisters, to a moiety of the same; and in case the parents shall have left neither descendants, nor kindred in the ascending line, nor brothers or sisters, to three fourths of the same portion. (lb. art. 757.) They have a right to the whole of their parents' property where the latter shall have left no kindred within the degrees of succession. (lb. art. '758.) Their descendants are entitled to the same.rigbts, julerepresentationis. (lb. art. 759.) But bastards are not entitled in any case to succeed'to the relations of their parents; (lb. art. 756.) and none of these provisions are applicable to bastards, the fruit of incestuous or adulterous intercourse, who are only entitled to necessary aliments. (lb. art. 762, 763, 764.) The proper y of bastards leaving no posterity, is inherited by the parents who shall have recognized them. (lb. art. 765.) And-in case the -arents are deceased, the property received from them, is
inherited by the legitimate brothers and sisters of the bastard; and all his other property by bis illegitimate brothers and sisters, or their descendants. (lb. art. 766.)
By the law of Scotland, the king succeeds as ltimus hmres, to the estates of bastards, and they cannot dispose of their pro-
perty by will, unless to their lawful issue, without letters of legitimation. But these letters do not enable the bastard to succeed to his natural father, to the exclusion of lawful heirs ; for the king cannot, by any prerogative, cut off the private -right of third parties. But he may, by a specia 6lause in the -letters of legitimation, renounce his right -to the bastard's succession, in lavour of him who wopld have been the bastard's heir bad he been bor in lawful mnrrige, as such rejunciation-does

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.69

not encroach upon the rights of third parties. (Erskine's Inst. B. 3. tit. 10. s. S.) A bastard is not only excluded, I. From his father's succession, because the law knows no father who is not -marked but by lawful marriqg ; and, 2. From all heritable succession, whether by the father -or mother ; because he cannot be pronounc'ed lawful heir by the inquest, in terms of the Brie; but, also, 3. From the ndveable succession of his mother ; for, though the mother be known, the bastard is not her lawful child, and legitimacy is implied in all succession deferred by law. But though he cannot succeed jure sanguinis, he may succeed by destinatlion,where he is specially called to the snc, cession -by an entail or testament. (lb. s. 4.)
The laws of England respecting illegitimate children, are too
well known to render any particular account of Them necessary in this place. Vide 1 Bl. Comm. 454. et seq. Co. Litt. by HIargr. 8y Butler, 3 6. note 1. Id. 123. a. note 8. Id. 123. b. note 1,'!. 1d.J243. b. note '. Id. 244. a. note 1, 2. 79. 244-
-b. note 1.

1820. %..,v .'
PerVk.ins
llamsey.

(LocAL LAw.)
13EluXNs et -at. v. RAM 5E-Y Ctal
The-following -enryis invalia for want of t0t -certaintyand precision required by law: " William Perkins and William Hoy, enter 6,714 acres of land on a treasury warrant, No. -10,692, to join Lawrence Thompson and Jlames NI'Millan's entry of 1,000 acres that is laid on the adjoining-idge between Spencer's-creek and lingston's fork of 'Licking on the east, and to ran east and south for quantity." The entry referred to in the foregoing was as follows: "9th of December, 1782, Lawrence Thompson and James 'IMillan, assignee of Samuel Vaker, eiter 1,000 acres on alreasury warrant, No. 4,222, on the dividing ridge between Kingston's fork of Licking andSpencer's creek, -awest branchofsaidfork, to includealarge pond .in the centre of a square, and a white oak tree'marked X, also an elm tree marked "VS,near the side ofthe pond."
Tais cause was argued by Mr. B. Hardin,for the F 171t. appellants, and by Mr. Trimble, for the respondents.

