OF THE UNITED STATES.

6W

-AndIfit be admitted, that they might have exercised the power of defining the principles on whioh surveys should have been made, yet it is certainly incumbent
on him who would avail himself of that power, to show that it was exercised, and to bring himself within the rules prescribed by their authority.
Decree reversed as to these appellants, and sent
back. for further proceedings.

1821.
Le
V.
The Marine
Ins. Co.

(CHANCERY.)
LEEDS et al. v. "THE MARINE INSURANCE
COMPANY.
Application of the law of set-off and lien in Equity, under peculiar circumstances.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
This was a suit in -Equity, commenced in the Court below by the respondents against the appellants, in which the mjunction obtained on the filing of the bill was made perpetual. The facts are stated in the opinion of the Court.
This cause was argued by Mr. Swann and Mr. Marca 97t. Jones for the-appellant, ,and by the Attorney- General and Mr. Lee for the-respondents.

566

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' Leeds
The VMa.rine ins. Co.
ar4 16th.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case involves a great many questions both of law and fact; but we will consider it as it is affected by those circumstances, concerning which there is no

dispute.

Leeds and Straas beifig engaged in commercial enterprizes, Straas employed Hodgson to effect insu-

rance on the Sophia and her cargo. A note of Hodg-

son, with Patton and Dykes as endorsers, is taken for the premium. Another adventure on the brig

Hope, grows out of the first, on the Sophia , and the same agent, at the request of the same principal, ef-

fects insurance upon this also, with the same Company. The Sophia arrives in safety, but though

one of the endorsers is unquestionably sufficient, the premium note remains unpaid. The Hope is lost,

and Hodgson professedly suing for the use of Straas and Leeds, has recovered.judgment against the underwriters for the amount of the policy. From this

amount the premium note connected with that policy

was discounted, but that growing out of the insurance on the Sophia, was not pleaded, notwithstanding

the identity of the legal plaintiff in that action, with the debtor to the company in the transaction on the

Sophia.

The note taken for the insurance on the Sophia,

is now set up against the policy on the Hope, in a different form. This bill is filed to compel the par-

ties in interest, Hodgson, Leeds and Straas, to discount it from thejudgment against the underwriters.

The equity of this demand is now to be tested.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

667

The ixght to the discount considered with roference.to identity of parties, was clearjy a legal one. And had not the Company been injoined m the Chancery of Virginia,.-during. the pendency- of.the suit. upon the policy, they must have lost all claim to the niterpo.ftion of this Court, by failing to assert their legal rights in the Court to which they properly belonged. But *the Chancery .of Virginia
might have considered the Compainy in contempt, had they set up in discount a claim then pending, and then injoined in the Courts of'that State. And, therefore, we. may now be justified in considering ihe legal rights of the Company, against the policy on -the Hope, as -derived through the premium note on the Sophia,. under all te-advantages that it would have possessed, if pleaded as a set-off to the action.
at law. The bill, it is true, does not expliqitly. rest on .this,
as the ground of its equity, but the facts are so set out, and may be properly considered as making.up
the case.
What was the state of right as it stood at law Hodgson, as holder of 'the policy wjich.he had, effected,.was, to the amount of his commissions, advances,.or even liability incurred in'the transaction; a privileged creditor, and that possession could not be violated until he was indennified or compensated.
If he be considered as the lhgal plaintiff.in the action on the policy, and,. in tact, the legal owner of '%e money recovered for the use of others, the.law would not suffer him to be deprived i6y transactions between Straas and Leeds, to which he-never assented, of any

is=,1
Leeds T.
1 .are

W68

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. legal advantage derived from possession of that

Leed money.

Led

Suppose, to come up to the very case before us, the

The Marine
Il. Co.

Company

had _pleaded

this note

as

a

set-off to

the

suit on the policy, and ffodgson, the legal plaintiff,
had tendered a replication admitting the plea, in what manner could the Company or himself have been deprived of the benefit of its being thus disposed of . That Hodgson was entitled to indemnity from Straas at least, against this note, is unquestionable , and he would, as against Straas, have, under any circum-
stances, been entitled to retain a sufficient.sum to cover his liability. Then how could he, by the act of Straas, either by assigning away- his interest, or by impeding by an injunction, that act in a third person, which would have secured. him in its conse-
quences, be deprived of the benefit of compelling the admission of this set-off P The case ih equity, as it .now stands, is precisely that which would have arisen at law, upon the state of things supposed. For, Hodgsonin his answer to this bill, admits this set-off, and solicits the Court to enforce the admission of it by Leeds, who in the right of Straas, is thus endeavouring to deprive him of his legal right to indemnity. The case in no part contests the reality of this state of facts, but the defendant, Leeds, in every partf.it, rests his defence upon the ground, that Straas has succeeded in defeating the claims of Hodgson, and deprived the Company of the benefit incident to the
assertion of those claims, first, by tying the hands of the Company in a Court of Chancery, in a suit in which he finally failed, and then by a transfer of a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.6.9-

chattel interest, the evidence of which, or the contract itself, was in the hands of Hodgson, and legally subject to his control, until the money due on it was reduced into possession.
Iti s true, that had this set-off been pleaded at law to Hodgson's suit upon the policy, and the equitable interest of others been set up against such

plea, or against Hodgson's admission of it, the Court of Common Pleas must, according to modern practice, have heard the parties on affidavit, before it determined to admit Hodgson"s replication on its files. But, supposing the case to have been presented on affidavit, such as it now appears to this Court, that

Court would not have taken upon itself to deprive the legal plaintiff of a legal advantage, in favour of an assignee of a chose in action, where the equity of the case was so strong in the favour of the legal plaintiff.

It is obvious, that the principal difficulties in this

case arise from the inverted and peculiar state of the parties. Hodgson, (and with him his endorser,) who is really the party to be relieved, appears in the character of defendant., and the question presents itself why should the underwriters be at liberty to quit their hold upon their note for indemnity, and come upon the judgment holder on the policy for satisfaction in the first instance
But to this several answers present themselves. Why, if the underwriters had several remedies,

should they, by the act of the opposite party, be de-

prived of any one of them P Why,.if they might

VoL. VI.

7

1821.
Leeds
V.
The Manne
Ira. Co.

CAS9S IN THE SUPRPME COURT
1821. legally have availed' themselves of their remedy by
'Ue& discount, should theynow be deprived of it because
The -YM.arnethey were prevented, unconscientiously by their animhc. o. tagonist, from asserting it in its proper place P And why, if they can m this way certainly, save theft money, should they be put .tothe risk and labour of prosecuting a recovery upon their note ? But the case affords another answer of a more general nature. Notwithstanding Hodgson's insolvency, his claims upon this policy remain unpaid,.if it be only for the purpose of shielding his endorsers; and notwithstanding his appearance here as a codefendant, it is obvious, that dismissing, this bill must give rise to new suits between. the persons liable to pay this note, and the assignee of Straas' interest under the policy. This consideration affords ·the .additional reason, that entertaining this suit terminates litigation, and the reverse would be the consequence of dismissing this bill. If having been deprived by his antagonist of his remedy at law, is a sufficient ground for entertaining the suit of the complainant, it is certainly no objection to it, that relief is at the same time extended to one who, though nominally a co-defendant, is essentially a co-plaintiff; and might have been made such. Had he been made such, the case-would have presented fewer difficulties. If Straas himself could not have demanded of Hodgson this policy, or the money recovered on it, without securing him against the -premium note, neither can his assignee. Even the Courts of law have recognised the lien of a bro-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ker on a chose in action for a general balance of 1821.
account, and much more so ought a Court of equity 'Leeds
in the application of a principle so peculiarly its own, V.
The Manne
as that which gives effect to a transfer by assignment Ins. co. of a chose in action not in its nature negotiable.
The parties in this case sue only to be restored to their legal advantages., as that cannot be done specifically, they certainly have a claim on this Court to secure to them all the beneficial consequences that would have resulted from them. And as Straas' interest in the Hope would have been amply sufficient to enable Hodgson to pay this premium note, had the money on the policy come into his hands, there is nothing unreasonable in making it, in the hands of* the officer of this Court, subject to be disposed of in the same manner.
Let it be distinctly uiderstood, that the Court does not, in this decision, countenance the idea, that
a separate debt may be set off to a joint action. -The debtor and creditor at law are the same. And upon Hodgson's reducing the money into possession, the same identity of parties would exist. For Leeds and Straas do not appear in the case at all, in the relation of copartners in trade, but Leeds himself represents them as holding distinct interests, although in the same subject. Leeds' defence, rests altogether on Straas' assignment, not on thew blended rights, nor does he pretend to ignorance of the off-set now contended for, when he took the assignment, but only observes, with a view, it is presumed, to show he had no reason to believe it to be a subsisting debt,

672

CASE9 IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
TThife Unioon Bank V. Iyde.

that it was at that time enjoined before the Chancellor of Virglnia. This is setting up a wrong iii Straas to support a right in his assignee.
Decree affirmed.

(Paomissony NoTzs.)
THE UNION BANK V. HYDE.
A protest of an inland bill or. promissory note is not necessary, nor is it evidence of the facts stated in it
The following undertaking of the endorser of bLpromssory note, "I
do request that hereafter any notel that may'fall due in the Umnba Bank, in wbich I am, or may be endorser, shall not.be protested, as I wilt consider myself bound in the same manner as if the said notes had been or should be legally proteted," held to be ambignous as to.whether it amounted to a waiver of demand and notice; and parol proof admitted to show that.it was the understanding of the parties that the demand and notice required by law to charge the endorser, should be dispensed with.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
.Varch 14th. This cause was argued by Mr. Jones, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Swann and Mr. Key for the defendant in error.
9"c 16h. Mr, Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the court. This cause turns upon the construction of a -writ-

176

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. tonio Josef, and Josef Isnages, who formed no part Smith of the crew of the private armed brig Puyerredon,
V. and as to so much of the said Decree as relates to
The Univer-
slnsuranc the said libellants Emanuel Rodrigues and others, Company. it is further DECREED and ORDERED, by consent of
parties, by their counsel, that the Decree of the said Circuit Court be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And it is further ORDERED, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court for farther inquiry And that the proceeds of the said Bello Corrunes and cargo lie in the Registry of the said Circuit Court, to be paid over, under the order of that Court, to the Spanish owners, as interest shall be made to appear.

(INsUa!.cE.)
SMITH et al. v. UNIVERSAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Where, in a policy of insurance, a technical total loss is asserted as the ground of recovery, the loss must be occasioned'by the immediate operation of some of the perils insured against, and it is not sufficient that the voyage be abandoned for fear of the operation of the peril.
The insurers do not undertake, that the voyage shall be performed without delay, or that the perils insured against shall not occur; they undertake only for losses sustained by those perils; and if any peril does begin to act upon the subject, yet if it be removed before any loss takes place. and the voyage is not thereby broken up, but is, or may be, resumed, the insured cannot abandon foratotal loss.
Insurance on munitions of war, laden on board a neutral vessel, on

OF THE UNITED STATES

a voyage from New-York, to and Xt a port or ports, place or places, m the Gulph of Mexico. frem the Balize to Campeachy, both inclusive, and from either back to New-York, &c. with a menmoandum, that the, insurers should he free from any loss arising from illicitor prohibited trade. The goods insured were prohibited from being imported into the ports of New Spain, in possession of the Royalists, by the laws of Old Spain, but were permitted to be introduced into such ports as were in possession of the Insurgents. The vessel and cargo arrived off"a place in possession of the patriot General Mina, and the master made an agreement to sell the cargo to him, deliverable from time to time, as he should want it, at St. Ander. But before the cargo could be delivered, the vessel was chased off by Spanish armed ships, and after making several attempts to return, was compelled to proceed to the Balize for re-pairs; after which she again approached the coast, but found it still in possession of the Royalists, General Mina having retired into the interior. The objects of the voyage being thus defeated, the vessel returned to New-York with the original cargo on board, and the insured then abandoned to the underwriters, not having before had mformation of the breahihg up of the voyage. Held, that the insured. were uot entitled to recover as for a total losg of the voyage.

1821.
Smith The UV.niversal Insurance
Company.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Maryland.

This was an action of covenant on a policy of in-

surance, underwritten by the defendants for the plain-

tiffs, on the 4th of February, 1817, on a voyage at

and from New-York, to and at a port or ports, place

or places, in the Gulph of Mexico, from the Balize

to Campeachy, both inclusive, and from either back

to New-York, or a port of discharge in the United

States, upon all kinds of lawful goods and merchan-

dises laden, or to be laden, on board the schooner

Ellen Tooker. In another part of the policy, it is

stated to be " on cargo, consisting chiefly of muni-

VoL. VI.

23

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. tions of war." There is a memorandum also in the.,
Smith policy, whereby the underwriters are warranted by
v. the assured free from any. charge, damage, or loss, sal Insurance which may arise in consequence of a seizure or deCompany. tention of the property for or on account of any illi-
cit or prohibited trade. The declaration alleges, that the vessel, with the cargo, proceeded on the voyage, and asserts as a loss within the contract, that while on the voyage, the schooner, with her cargo, was restrained and detained by certain persons acting under the authority of the King of Spain, whereby the goods and merchandises became wholly lost.
The material facts, as they appeared on the trial., are these- he Ellen Tooker having on board property of thf plaintiff of a greater value than the sum insured, sailed from New-York, on the voyage insured, on the 31st of January, 1817. On the 25th of February she arrived at the Balize. where the master left the vessel and went to New-Orleans, and having obtained information, that Nantla and Talacuta were in possession of the Independents, to which places American vessels might proceed, on his return to the Balize, the schooner proceeded for Nantla, and arrived off that place on the 23d of March, and found it in possession of the Royalists. The schooner then proceeded to Talacuta, and having arrived off that place, a boat was sent ashore for information, the crew of which were made prisoners. Concluding from this occurrence, that the place was in possession of the Royalists, the schooner put to sea, and on the 5th of April fell in with a fleet

OF THE UNITED STATF

of six sail under the command of General Mina, with troops on board, bound for the bar of St. Ander. The master having hac communication with General Mina, and received encouragement from him that he wQuId purchase the cargo, the schooner kept company with the fleet, and arrived off the bar of St. Ander on the 28th of April, where the
schooner came to anchor in the open sea, the entrance being too shoal to permit her to cross the bar. On the 1 th of May, the master left the schooner and went up the river to Porto La Marina, (where
General Mina had his head quarters,) for the purpose of selling the cargo, which he accordingly did, deliverable to General Mina, as he should want it, from time to time, at St. Ander, the whole delivery to be completed by the first of July. On the 18th of May, while the master was on shore, a Spanish frigate and two armed schooners of the Royalists
hove in sight, and the schooner was immediately
gotten under way for the purpose of escaping them, and after four hours chase effected her escape. The schooner made several attempts to return, but was prevented by Spanish slups hovering about the place; on the 26th of May, finding the coast clear, she yeturned to St. Ander, which was still in possession of the Independents, and the master was taken on board. The foremast of the schooner being found to be loose in the step and injured, and the crew being short of water, the schooner proceeded to the mouth of the Rio Grande for water and to examine the foremast; and there the heel of the foremast be-ingfound to be gone, the schooner proceeded to the

1821.
Smitth
V.
The Universal Insurance
Company.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. Balize for repairs, and arrived there on the sixth of-

"
Smith

June. The foremast was there repaired, and the

v. schooner sailed again, for St. Ander for the purpose

sal Insurance "a Uuiver- of delivering the cargo to General Mina according Company. to contract, and on her arrival there, on the -22d of

June, the place.was found to be in possession of the Royalists, who occupied it with a military force. In tonsequence of this, the schooner did not approach the shore, but proceeded along the coast northward to a place called Pass Cavellos, about 270 miles from St. Ander, where information was received that St. Ander, and-the coast, were completely in possession of the Royalists. The objects of the voyage being in this manner defeated, the schooner returned to New-York with her original cargo on board, andi arrived there on the 22d of July, 1817. The plaintiffs had no intelligence .9f the breaking up of the voyage until the return of the schooner to NewYork, and then abandoned to the unaerwriters in due time, assigning as a cause,.that the Ellen Tooker was " compelled, by an armed force, to leave St. Ander in the Gulph of Mexico, where she had arrived and was about to deliver her cargo, and was prevented thereafter by a like force from re-entering that place." This abandonment was not accepted. It was also in evidence, that the cargo of the Ellen
Tooker was shipped, and intended to be sold to the Independent party of Mexico, which was waging war with the King of Spain, and that the same was prohibited from importation into Mexico by the laws of Spain, and would have been seised and confisca-
ted if it had been carried into any of the ports in

OF THE U!ITED STATES..

possession of the Royalists, but would have been ism.

freely admitted into any ports in possession of the Smith

Independent party.

The Ur.niver

Upon these facts a verdict was given, and judg- WInr-tie

ment rendered for the defendants, and the cause /was comfPy.

brought to this Court by wnt of error.

-Mr. WMader and Mr. RaImoizd, for the plaintiffs, Frb,&z 17th. stated, that this was an action of covenant on a policy of insurance, and that the.breach assigned in the declaration was a loss occasioned by the restraint and detention of certain persons acting under the authority of the King of Spain. The voyage was broken up and destroyed by the constraint imposed upon the vessel to leave St. Ander, in order to avoid capture by the Spanish armed ships. The insurers were apprized of the nature of the risk. The port of St. Ander became the destination, and the vessel' was prevented from entering it, by the risks insured against. This is a restraint within the meaning of the policy. Every restraint or control exerted by a people, prince or state, over the subject matter insured, so as to defeat the voyage, is a loss within the policy. Such are the restraints of a blockade:, an embargo, limited in point of time, or indefinite:' and the municipal law of a

a Schmidt v. Unit. Ins. Co. I Johns. Rep. 249. Craig v Unit. Ins. Co. 6 Johns. Rep. 226. Yeaton v. Fry, 6 Cranch, 335. Olivera v. Union Ins. Co. 3 Wheat. Rep. 183.
b M'Bride v. Mar. Ins. Co. 6 Johns. Rep. 299. Walden v. Phcenix Ins. Co. 5 Johns. Rep. 310. Ogden v. Firemen Ins. Co.

182

CASES IN. THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
gimith ~ TI Uv.mver-
lU~rance
cozl*y.

country which subjects the vessel and cargo to confiscation, if it is morally certain that it applies to the vessel, and. would be enforced.a So, if the port of destuxation be. shut,. by being in possession' of an enemy, or by interdiction of trade, it is a just cause for breaking up the voyage. There is a great apparent discrepancy in the English authorities as to ,restraint of princes." But this Court has settled the import and1 meanigCof the term.in the case of Olivera v The Union Insurance Company.c But it may be said that there is no proof that the blockade existed, at the time of the abandonment. To which it is answered, that this principle does not ap-
ply to a .technical total loss produced by blockade. In the case of an embargo or capture, the voyage is not necessarily broken up, it is merely suspended : but.in-that of a blockade, it is entirely defeated, and the object of -the"voyage cannot be accomplished. Though the restraint now under consideration, is not that of a blockadE, yet it is equivalent , since the master was :prevented by the.restraint from entering the port which he had selected, within the li-nuts prescribed by the policy. A reasonable fear of loss by capture, seizure, &c. is a justifiable cause of deviation , and consequently protects against all losses arising from deviation. In the case of Schmtdt

10 Johns. Rep. 177. Rhinelander v. Ins. Co. of Pennsylv. 4
Cranih, 29. a Craig v. Unit. Ins. Co. 6 Johns. Rep. 226. b 1 Johns. Rep. 268. Per KZKT, Ch. J. who cites 1.Emertg.
Des Assur. 242. C 3 Wheat. ROY. 183.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

v. United Insurance Company, it is said to be " sufficient to justify the master's conduct in caises of this
kind, if he have good reason to apprehend that a capture will be the consequence of going on.1

1821.
" Smith V.
sa InTher
Comp ny,

Mr. Pinmney, and Mr. D. B. Ogden, contra, argued, that in order to establish a technical total loss

in this case, the insured must show a restraint,

within the policy and declaration, and that it actually produced the breaking up of the voyage. The

onus probandiis on the plaintiffs,- and they must

trace the supposed consequences of the peril home to its efficient cause. The'insurance was on munitions;

contraband of war, but the memorandum that the underwriters were not to be liable for a loss by illicit trade, secured them against any loss by mere mum-

cipal regulations. They have nothing to do with an

internal conflict, by which the port may change masters. The declaration alleges a loss by restraint of princes. But this restraint must be the direct and immediate agent in breaking up the voyage, as in an embargo, or blockade, which being removed,

the peril instantly ceases. Here the restraint was not only not the efficient cause of the loss, but it arose

out of illicit traffic. This part of the coast of Mexico did not cease to be subject to the colonial code of

Spain, by the temporary possession of the insurgents.

The vessel attempted to escape, not merely from the

a Per LIVINGSTOi, J. 1 Johns. Rep. 262. and Targa. Ponderaz. c. 69. 291. Casaregts, Disc. 83. No. 84, cited by himSee also I Emertg. des 4ssur 509.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. ordinary peril of capture in war, but from that com0Smith bmed with the local prohibition. It was a loss from The Unviv.er- a fear, which had it been realized, would not have WInsurce made the underwriters liable. All the qtza timet ComePay. ca'ses, are cases where they would be so liable. The
attempt is to make the underwriters find a lawful market; whereas the insured stipulates to take that upon himself by his warranty. Even if the market were lawful for a time, its ceasing to be so is not at the risk of the underwriters. So that the insured have broken up the voyage for a technical total loss, arising from perils not insured against.
Pebry 2I. Mr. Justice STOy delivered the opinion of the Court, and, after stating the facts, proceeded as follows. Upon these facts, the Circuit Court directed the jury that the plaintiffs were not entitled to recover; and the propriety of this direction is the question before us upon this writ of error. Two points have been argued at the bar. 1. That there was no actual restraint of persons acting under the authority of Spain, whereby the voyage was defeated. 2. That if a technical total loss took place, by the loss of the voyage, it was a loss occasioned by engaging in an illicit and prohibited trade, for which, by the memorandum in the policy, the underwriters are not liable. The declaration and the abandonment, both tie up the case to a total loss of the voyage, by the restraint of Spanish authorities. If this case be not made out in proof, there is au end of the controversy.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

In cases of this sort, where a technical total loss is 1821.

asserted as a ground of recovery, it is not sufficient

that the voyage has been entirely frustrated and lost; The YUn.ver-

but the loss must be occasioned by some peril ac- sal1usu e-

tually insured against.

The peril must act directly,

Compay.
In a claim for

and not circuitously, upon the subject of the insu- atatlelcosh,nitchael Iotons

rance. It must be an immediate peril, and the loss must beoyag

the proper consequence of it,

and it is

not sufficient

imed b thoe
ration of a peril

that the voyage be abandoned, for fear of the. ope- iure t.

ratiou of the peril.

The plaintiffs rely upon the fact, of the Ellen

Tooker's being chased away from St. Ander, and

being prevented for several days from returning to

that place by the presence of Spanish armed ships,

as decisive proof of actual restraint. But the voyage

was delayed only, and not broken up by this occur-

rence, for the vessel afterwardsreturned in safety to

St. Ander. The insurers do not undertake that gitnisetaopaecrtilupboer. the voyage shall be performed without delay, or that subjecto yet
if it be removed

the perils insured against shall not occur, they unrI-Sabnrd-the voylogess

dertake only for losses sustained by those perils

not ther
broken up, but

and if any peril does act upon the subject, yet if it irsesuormedmt tbhee

be removed before any loss takes place, and the voy- absaunrdeodncfaonroat

age be not thereby broken up, but is, or may be re- ttal loss.

sumed, the insured cannot abandon for a total loss.

If a vessel be captured during a voyage, and after-

wards be recaptured, and performs, or may perform

it, there can be no abandonment after the recapture,

for a technical total loss. In the present case, the

vessel actually- did resume her voyage after the re-

straint ceased , and there is no evidence to show that

any object of the voyage was defeated by this tem-

VOL. VI.

24

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. porary restraint and delay to avoid capture. Then, " Smith what was the real cause of the final destruction of The uvneiver- the voyage P It was, that St. Ander, which but for sal Insurance a short time was in the possession of the troops of Company. General .Mina, was, m transitu, again occupied by
the royalists, and the colonial. Government resumed its functions, A trade was inhibited with that place, by the ordinary. colonial laws of Spain,;. and the voyage itself, in which the Ellen Tooker was engaged, placed her, and her cargo also, in the-character of an enemy. It was clear, .therefore, that a proceeding into St. Ander, would have subjected the Ellen Tooker to confiscation fora double cause'; for breach of the ordinary laws of trade, and for a violation of neutral duties. The voyage then was broken up from fear of loss,,by reason of the seizure and confiscation of the property. It was abandoned by the master quza tzmebat, and not because there was any actual direct restraint, which prevented the vessel from proceeding to the port ofdestination., The case, therefore, falls directly within the authority of HTadhkeincmases vo.f the cases of Hadlnsonv Robznson, 3 Bos. and RanodqPnuolU3.os3s8-.8.Pull.388, and Lubbock v Rowcroft, 5 Esp. . 60. Raonmd a.-u^bftboa v5. which have never been shaken. In the former case, fair.e goo.d lRaw... Lord Alvanley said, "any loss which necessarily arises from capture or detention of princes, is a loss within the policy, but here the Captain, learning that if he entered the port.of destination, .the vessel would be liable to confiscation, avoided that. port, whereby the object of the voyage is defeated. This does not operate to the total destruction of the thing insured." There are precisely the same circum-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

stances in the case now at bar. The underwriter does not warrant that the vessel shall have a right to trade at the port of destination; but only that notwithstanding the perils insured agamst4 the vessel shall proceed to such port. If the plaintiffs, in the .events which have occurred, were entitled to abandon and recover, as for a technical total loss, they would have been entitled to abandon for the same cause at the time of the vessel's sailing from New-York on the voyage ; for St. Ander was at that time just as much shut against the vessel, and she was just as liable to Confiscation for illegal traffic With that place, as she was at the time the voyage was broken up.
It is the unanimous opinion of the Court, that the judgment of the Circuit Court'be affirmed, with costs.

1e8, The Robert
Edwar.

(INSTANifCE CoURntV)
The ROBERT EDWARDS. Savage, Claiinaut.
A question of fact, under the 46th section of the Collection Law of the 2a March, 1799, c. 128. exempting from duty ;1e wearing apparel, and other personal.baggage, ofpersons arrivingxa the United States.
Where the res geuta, in a revenue cause, are incapable of explanation consistently with the innocenc-e of the party, condenmifiuon .follows,.although there be no positive testimony of the offence Mving been committed. Circumstances are sometimes more convinci4 than the most positive evidence.

580

CASES IfX 'THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Preston*'s
HVe.irs
Bowmar.

clause in the absence of all words indicating a different legislative intent, and in point of fact such is understood to be the uniform construction of the act
in the Courts of Ohio. The deed, then, in this case, not being executed according to the laws of the State, the evidence was properly rejected by the
Circuit Court. The remaining point, as to the rejection of the
evidence of the deed from Smith to Graham, and the proof to show, that it was given in exchange for the land in controversy, has not been much relied on n this Court. It is, indeed, too plain for argument, that if a deed imperfectly executed would not convey any estate or interest in the land, a parol exchange, or parol proof of an intention to convey the same in excl ange, cannot be permitted to have any such efffect.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

(LoCAL LAw.)
PRESTON'S HEIRS v. BOWMAR.
It is a universal rule, that course and distance yield to natural and ascertained objects.
But where these objects are wanting, and the course and distance cannot be reconciled, there is no universal rule that obliges us to prefes the one. to the other.
Cases may exist in which the one or the other may be preferred ac. cording to the circumstances.
In a case of doubtful construction, the claim of the party in actual possession ought to be maintained, especially where it has been up. held by the decisions of th.e State tribunals.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Kentucky. This was an ejectment brought in the Court below, in which the lessor of the plaintiff claimed title under a patent, describing the survey as "beginning at an ash in the middle of a line of Glenn's land, and with it north 20 degrees, east 800 poles, crossing three branches to a hoop wood and sugar tre. corner to Moffat's land, and with a line thereof north 70 degrees, west 100 poles, crossing the creek to a sugar tree south 33 degrees, west 820 poles, crossing three forks of the creek to two sugar trees, south 70 degrees, east 300 poles, to the beginning." The question arising upon the construction of this patent, is stated.mn the opinion of the Court.

182l
restou'J Hou
Bo Mar.

This cause was argued by Mr. B. Hardin,for the NIarh 121th. plaintiff, and by Mr. Talbot, for the defendant.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court.
Whatever might be our opinion (and we wish'to be understood as expressing. none) if the question in this case were entirely new, it cannot be affirmed, that there has been such a clear mistake of construction, as that justice and law require us to depart from the decision of the local tribunals. The question here is, whether the third and fourth lines of this patent (following the order of the lines as they are given in the patent) are to be continued upon the courses called for by the patent until they intersect, or whether the fourth line is to be extended from the beginning to the distance called for by

AarchA 1h..

682

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Preston's
HVe.ira Ba.

the patent, and then the closing line is to be drawn, so
as to strike the termination of the second and fourth lines at the patent distances. In the fbrmer case, the
fourth line will be longer than the distance called for by the patent; in the latter, the third line will vary from the course called for by the patent. The counsel have stated, that the question resolves itself into this, whether the course shall yield to distance, or distance to the course. It may be laid down as an universal rule, that course and distance yield to natural and ascertained objects. But Where these are wanting,. and the course and distance cannot be reconciled, there is no universal rule that obliges us to prefer the one or the other. Cases may exist in which the one -or the other may be preferred upon a minute examination of all the circumstances. In the present case, whichever construction is adopted, the plaintiffs will hold a larger portion of land than their patent calls for. We must consider that the construction of the patent is somewhat doubtful. That it is susceptible of two constructions, each of which has some reasons to support it. If it be dbubtfifl, it would seem reasonable not to press the broadest construction against a party who is now in actual possession under a perfectly good
legal title. That possession ought not to be ousted without a clear title in the other party, especially where it has been upheld by the State tribunals. This very case, between the same parties, has been already adjudicated in the Court of Appeals of Kentucky, and that Court, upon full deliberation, de-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cided in favour of the defendant.- It would be a great mschief for the same title to be in perpetual litigation from the conflict of opinion between the Courts of the State and the federal Courts ; and we, therefore, acquiesce in the opinion of the Court of Appeals, upon the ground, that the point is one of local law, has been fully considered in that Court, and is a construction which cannot be pronounced unreasonable, or founded in clear mistake.

us
zs i. OOitis V. Water.

Judgment affirmed.

a Preston's Heirs v. Bowmar, 2 Bibb. Rep. 493.

-JiSTRUCTION OF STATUTE,)
OTIS V. WALTER.
Under die Embargo Act ofthe 25th April, 1808, c. 170. Clxv.) ifa ves zel, not actually arriving at her port of original destination, excites an honest suspicion in the mind of the Collector, that her demand of a permit to land the cargo was merely colourable, this is not i termination of t ie voyage so as to preclude the right of detentibn.
Under what circumstances the Collector has a right to land the cargo of the vessel thus detained.
Tins cause was argued. by the Attorney- General Mfarh 121h. for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Webster and Mr. Wheaton for the defendant in error.'
a They cited Otis v Bacon, 7 Cranch, 596. Crowell v. M'Faddon, 8 Cranch, 98. Slocumr v. Mayberry, .2 Meat. Rep. 11.

152

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
The Bello Corrunes.

tract entered into by the endorser and endorsee, upon which the suit is brought, and if the endorsee is a citizen of a different State, he may bring an action
against the endorser in the Circuit Court. As to the other objection insisted upon by the plaintiff in error, all that was incumbent upon the holder, was to give due notice to the endorser. No protest of a promissory note or inland bill of exchange is necessary.

Judgment affirmed.

(PaRzZ.)
THE BELLO CORRUNES. The Spanssh Consul,
Claimant.
A foreign consul has a right to claim, or institute a proceeding, tn rem, where the rights of property of his fellow-citizens are in question, without a special procuration from those for whose benefit he acts.
But a consul caunot receive actual restitution of the res in controversy, without a special authority from the particular individuals who are entitled.
A captvre made by citizens of the United States of property belonging to subjucts of a country in amity with the U. S. is unlawful, wheresoever the capturing vessel may have been equipped, or by whomsoever commissioned, and the property thus captured, if brought within the neutral limits of this country, will be restored to the original owners.
Whatever difficulty there may be, under our municipal institutions, in punishingas pirates, citizens of the U. S. who take from a State at war with Spain, a comnission to cruise against that power, con,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
trary to the 14th article of the Spanish treaty, yet there is no doubt that such acts are to be considered as piratical acts for all civil pur, poses, and the offending parties cannot appear, and claim in our Courts the property thus taken. It seems, that the terms, " a State with which the said King shall be a w'ar," in the 14th article of the treaty, include the South American pyrovmces which have revolted against Spain. But, however this may be, the Neutrality Act of June, 1797, c. i. extends the same prohibition, with all its consequences, to a colony revolting, and making war against its parent country. In the case of such an illegal capture, the property of the lawful owners cannot be forfeited, for a violation of the revenue laws of this country, by the captors or by persons who have rescued the property from their possession. The rights of salvage may be forfeited by spoliation, smuggling, or other gross misconduct of the salvors.

153
1821.
The Bello Corrunes.

APrEAL from the Circuit Court of Rhode Island.

This was the case of a Spanish vessel and cargo,

stranded on Block Island, and there seized by the

officers of the customs. An information on behalf

of the United States, was filed in the District Court,

against the property, as forfeited, for an alleged

breach of the revenue laws. His Catholic Majesty's

Vice Consul for the district of Rhode Island, inter-

posed a claim on behalf of" certain subjects of the

King of Spain," the original owners of the ship and

cargo, which was bound on a voyage from the port

of Tarragona, in Spain, to La Vera Cruz, and was

taken off Cape St. Antonio, on the west end of the

island of Cuba, on the 21st of March, 1818, by an

armed vessel called the Puyerredon, commanded by

one. James Barnes, sailing under Buenos Ayres co-

lours, and asserting a right to make.captures under

the authonty.of the government of that place. Res-

utution to the original Spanish owners was claimed,

VOL. VI.

20

164

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
i
Corrunes.

upon the ground that the capturing vessel had been
equipped in the ports of this country, in violation of our neutrality. An allegation was also filed by
Barnes, demanding restitution of the property to the captors, as having been taken, jure belli, on the high
seas. Another claim was also filed by certain persons, part of the original crew of the Bello Corrunes, left on board after the capture, who asserted a claim for salvage, in case the property should be restored to the original Spanish owners, under the following circumstances. The master of the captured vessel, and all her crew except four, were taken out, and a prize master and crew put on board from the Puyer-
redon. Thus equipped, the Bello Corrunes cruised in company with the Puyerredon nearly two months, during which period another Spaniard, of the original crew of the Bello Corrunes, was returned to that vessel. The two vessels afterwards separated, and on the 8th of May, in lat. 320 30' north, and longitude 740 W from London, the prize crew, assisted by the persons originally on board the Bello
Corrunes, rose on the prize masterand other officers, and rescued the vessel from their possession. They then steered their course for the United States, and the vessel was by some means stranded upon .Block Island, where the vessel and cargo were seized by the revenue officers.
A decree was entered in the District Court, pro forma, and by consent of parties, restoring the property to the original Spanish owners as claimed, and dismissing the other allegations and claims. This decree was affirmed, pro forma, and by consent, in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

155

the Circuit Court, and the cause was brought by appeal to this Court.
It appeared by the evidence in the Courts below, and'by the farther proof taken under .a commission from this Court, that the capturing vessel'was formerly owned by citizens of the United States, and called the Mangoree, and was originally armed, eqtnpped, and manned at Baltimore; and sailed from that port in March, 1817, under. the command of Barnes, a citizen of the United States, domiciled
in that city, under Buenos Ayres colours, on acruize; and after capturing several Spanish vessels, proceeded to Buenos Ayres, where the vessel arrived in
August, 18[7.a The vessel was then altered from a schooner into a brig, and her name changed to the Puyerredon, an addition of one gun was made to her armament, some of the original crew were reshipped, and other seamen recruited. An alleged sale of the vessel took place to one Higginbotham, a citizen of the United States domiciled at Buenos Ayres; and a commission was issued by the Supreme Director of the United Provinces of South America, dated the 20th of November, 1817, authonzmg Barnes to capture Spanish. property; with which the vessel sailed from Buenos Ayres on the cruise, during which. the present capture was made.

1s2.
The Bello
Corrunes.

The Attorney- General,for the United States,. ar- ebrnsth. gued, that the officers of the Government being in

a This was the same vessel which captured the Dihma Pastora, in 1816. Vide ante, Vol. IV p. 52.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
TThuenBtiel llo Corrunes.

possession of this property, would hold it as a drozt
some person appeared duly authorized to claim it. The consul of Spain has no authorityto claim,
in his own name, and in his official character, the property of persons to him unknown, and by whom he cannot therefore have been invested with a special procuration. He is not invested with a general authority for that purpose, virtute offiii, nor is there evidence in this particular case that the consul is the agent, consignee, or correspondent of the owners, who are sometimes permitted to claim for their principal, when the latter is absent from the country Great public inconveniences and mischief,

a The Anne, 3 Weat. Rep. 435. De Steck, des Consuls, 64. Warden on Consuls, I 1. and opinion of' f. PORTAL S there cited. This opinion of M. PORTALIS, in the case of the claim of the Danish Consul before the French Council of Prizes, will be found in the APPnDix to the present volume of Reports, Note No. V
The passage cited from De Steck, is as follows " § 27. Selon la rigle par la pllpart des trait6s de commerce et par l'usage presque gendralement requ les consuls sont les juges des gens de mer et des n4gocians et marchands de leur nation.* 28. [1leur est ordinairement attribuee la jurisdiction taut en matidre civile que criminelle. 29. Cette jurisdiction attribude aux consuls n'dmane point de
la puissance et de l'autoritd du souverain, qus les 6tablit, qui n'a point de pouvoir sur ses sujets expatries, ddmeurans, commergans, 6tablis en des pays 6trangers. Elle depend et derive plut6t de la concession, de l'attribution du souverain de l'6tat ou les consuls rdsident. Elle suppose donc toujours des traitds par lesquels elle est stipulde, accordde, attribude.
* Valin. Com. Sur I'Ordonn, de la Marine, 1. 1. tit. 9. art. 12;p. 251.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

157.

might follow from allowing foreign consuls, not specially authorized by their own government, or by this, nor by the parties, to receive restitution of pro-
perty, for which they may interpose a claim as belonging to their fellow subjects. Supposing the property here to be devested out of the original owners by the capture, and vested in the captors, jure bMli, it must be forfeited to the United States for violating the revenue laws, which was the original intention of the parties, and was partially accomplished at Block Island. Or supposing the recapture by the prize crew to be valid, they must be

1821.
The Bello
Corrunes.

30. Lorsque ]a jurisdiction est attribude aux consuls par les traitds de commerce, ilsont le pouvoir dans leur district, dans P'endroit de leur (tablissement et dans leur rdsidence, dejuger les diff6rens, contestations et procas qui surviennent entre. les gens de mer, les n~gocians, les cominergans de leur nation, qui s'dlevent entre les capitaines, patrons, 'dquipage, et les passagers des vaisseaux et des batimens nationaux.
31. Leur jurisdiction ne se borne pas alors aux affaires contentienses des nationaux. Ils ont aussi ]a jurisdiction volontaire, c'est a dire la facultd de recevoir les d~clarations des capitaines des vaisseaux, et tons les actes que leur nationaux veulent passer dans leur chancellerie, de les Igaliser, de recevoir leur testamens, de r6gler leurs successions et leur tutelles, de faire Pinventaire de leur biens ddlaissds et naufragds, etc.
32. Dans les proces que surviennent entre les nationaux et les habitans et sujets de l'dtat oil les consuls sont 6tablis, on entre les commergans d'autres nations, ilsassistent, protagent, d~fendent leurs nationaux. Dans les 4chelles du Levant lesjuges du lieu n'osent dans ce cas proc6der sans ]a participation et l'intervention du consul, sans ]a presence des on znterprate." De S&eck des Consuls, p. 64.

1821.
The BIello Corruan

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
considered as the agents of the original proprietors, and.their misconduct must be visited upon the or,ginal proprietors.

Mr. Winder, for the appellants and captors, insisted, that the present capture being made on the high seas, jure bei,.under a commission regularly issued by a Government acknowledged to be entitled to exercise the rights of war against its enemy, could not be inquired into by the Courts of this country ; but that the captors being entitled to the possession, having only been dispossessed by the criminal misconduct of the prize crew which they had put on board to secure the prize, were entitled to restitution, in order to enable them to proceed against it as prize in the competent Court. Whatever military means are directed, from within the territory of one of ihe belligerent States, against its enemy, are not subject to the review or control of any neutral or other foreign tribunal or authority, except in the single case of a direct violation of the neutral territory itself. This principle grows out of the perfect independence and equality of nations, existing as it were in a state of nature in respect to each other. Their conduct in authorizing acts of war is no more reviewable by other nations, than any other their acts of sovereignty 4 It is this perfect independence and equality of sovereign States which is the sole foundation of the exclusive jurisdiction of the Prize Courts of the captor's country over every thing done under a prize
a Vattel, Droit des Gens, Prelim. s. 15-23. 1. 2. c. 4. s. 54,
5 5.

OF THE UNITED STATES

commission. In the celebrated case of the Exchangeb this Court held, that the commission of a sovereign protected that vessel from all inquiry, notwithstanding the flagrantly unjust conduct of the French Emperor in appropriating the property of an American citizen to his own use, without the form of a trial, and incorporating it into his military marine. It must be shown, that the act of the Government of Buenos Ayres in granting this commission is unlawful, before it can b& shown that any of the effects of that act are invalid. Suppose the Exchange, on her voyage, had made a -capture, could this Court have restored it to the former owners ? Or could it inquire into the validity of such a capture consistently with the principles laid down in that case P The enlistment of men in neutral countries to serve the belligerent powers is lawful, unless there be some express prohibition of the neutral State. Such a municipal prohibition would certainly make it unlawful, in respect to the neutral State whose laws are violated ; but -it does not, therefore, follow, that all the acts of guch persons in war would be unlawful, or that they are not entitled to the rights of lawful war0 The carrying of contraband is prohibited by
the law of nations under the penalty of confiscation, and the exportation of contraband articles may be prohibited by the municipal code under other penalues , but such prohibition would not invalidate a

1821.
The Belo
Corrunu.

a L'Invincible, 1 Wheat. Rep. 238.-254. b 7 Cranch, 116. c Vattel, 1. 3. c. 2. s. 13-15. Bynk. Q. J-. Puzb. pp. 175. 177. of Du Ponceau's translation.

160

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
T Corrunes.

capture made with the munitions of war thus ex-
ported. The Government of this country naturalizes all foreigners indiscriminately, in peace and m war, and employs them in its land and naval service, and it is not for us to question the right of a citizen of the United States to enter into the military service of a foreign State. It is insisted, that not only the Court has no authority by the law of nations to restore to the original owners a prize thus captured, but that the law of nations gives the Congress no power to authorize the Court to restore. The Legislature may prohibit our citizens from enlisting in the service of the belligerents, or from fitting out ships to be employed in cruising, under ever so se-
vere penalties, but those penalties cannot extend to a forfeiture of the rights of prize acquired under the commission of an independent sovereign State. Nor are Spain and the United States competent to regulate by their mutual treaty stipulations the sovereign rights of the South American Provinces, though they may stipulate to inflict penalties rnpersonam, for what they deem the criminal conduct of their subjects or citizens. As to the claim of the United States for a forfeiture on account of the alleged violation of the revenue laws, it is already settled by this Court, that the property of foreigners cannot be forfeited for the misconduct of those who are tortiously in possession, as was the case here with the rescuers.4

a The Josefa Segunda, 5 Wheat. Rep. 338..

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Mr. Webster and Mr. Wheaton, for the respondent
and claimant, the Spanish Consul, (L.) contended,
that the Consul, from the necessity of the case, had
a right to interpose a claim for the property of his .fellow subjects, brought into our ports in this manner. He does not claim as attorney in fact, but his
character is more lke an attorney at law. There is no necessity of a special procuration from those for
whom he claims, because it does not follow, that the property will be actually delivered into his hands until the respective rights of the owners are deter-
mined, and a special authority produced from them to receive distribution. There is the more necessity for permitting the Consul, as the official protector of the commercial rights and interests of his fellow subjects in a foreign country, to interpose a claim in a case of this nature, because the usual term of a
year and a day allowed in prize causes, where there
is no claim, would not be allowed here, since the property is demanded by the captors under their pretended commission, and if the subjects of Spain, residing at a distance, and ignorant even of the fact of the capture, were not allowed to be represented by their Consul, the property would be taken away by the captors, and irrecoverably lost to the original owners. It will also frequently be impossible for the Consul to specify the owners for whom he claims, and he ought, therefore, to be allowed to file allegations claiming it for Spanish subjects generally. The opinion of M. PORTALIS in the case of the Danish Consulf proceeds entirely upon the peculiar

1821.
The Bello
Corrunes.

VOL. VI.

a Vide AprENDIX, Note No. V 21

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT
1821. regulation of France, which makes the- Procweur
Th'e Bello Generat,.the official attorney, of -all persons who are
Corrunes. not represented 'before the tribunals -by any, specmla
procuration , which would, of-course, render,unuecessary the interposition of foreign Consuls in eases where the rights of their countrymen wereinvolved.
2. They-argued, that thevessel ,bywhich the prosent capture was made, having been fitted out in the ports of the United -States, and -the capture havingbeen made by our citizens, in violation of the law of nations, the acts of Congress, -andthe treaty with Spain, the property must be restored to the -original owners, accordihg to the uniform decisions of this Court.a Under our municipal constitution, -the treaty is the supreme law of the land ; and it would be so by the law of nations without that constitutional provision.. "Every treaty," says Sir W Scott, "is a part of the private law of-the country which has entered into that treaty, and is as binding on the subjects as any part of their municipal laws."' The 9th article of the Spanish treaty declares, that goods takenfrom ptratesshall be restored to the. lawful owners, and the 14th article declares the captors, in. the present case, to be prates,as it provides, that they shall be punished as such for taking a commission to cruise against Spain. And -yet we are inquiring whether they are entitled to have restitution
a The Alerta, 9 Cranch, 359. Talbot v Jansen, 3 Dall.
133. L'Jnvincible, I "Wheat. Rep. 238. The Divina Pastora, 4 Wheat. Rep. 52. Note to that case, p. 62. Sir L. Jenkins' works, there cited. The Estrella, 4 Wheat. Rep. 298.
b The Eenroom, 2 Rob. 6.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the very property which they have thus piratically taken. It may be admitted, that in some cases citizens of one country may lawfully engage in the wars of another; we may take the doctrine cited from Bynikershoeck, that they may -enlist where there is no prohibition. It may also safely be admitted, that as far as the other belligerents are concerned in their hostile relations with each other, it is lawful war. Spain cannot justly complain of the South American Provinces for employing foreigners in their service. And if the capturing ship -were a national vessel, like the Exchlange,a no doubt her commission would estop all judicial inquiry into her conduct. But this is a private claim. The original Spanish owners claim nothing against the Government of Buenos Ayres. That Government claims nothing of the Spanish owners. Our own citizens assert a claim to.this property acquired in war, which can only be maintained upon the supposition, that they may be at war whilst their country is at peace, that they are not bound by the laws and treaties of their own country, that they may expatriate themselves,flagrante-bello,for the purpose of committing hostilities against nations in amity with the United States. If the doctrine contended for on the part of the captors, that the commission is conclusive, be correct,.-then the Court can never look behind it, and the belligerents may dispense with our laws, and the allegiance of our -citizens, at their pleasure. The case of Talbot v. Jansonb whatever may be thought

1821.
The Bello
Corrties.

a7 Cranh, 116.

h 3 Dall. 133.

164

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
The Bello
Corrunes.

of it in other respects, has never been overruled as to the principle, that the neutral tribunals have a right to inquire into the validity of a captors commission, to see whether it was obtained and used in violation of the laws of the neutral country. That case has been made the basis of a series of decisions which have become the settled law of this Court, and which it is now too late to quettion. The Court has uniformly treated it as a necessary consequence of the personal illegality 6f the act of taking the commvion. -that the property -captured under it should be. restored to the lawful owner. It is, therefore, immaterial where, or by whOm, the capturing vessel was equipped. It is sufficient, that the capturing persons are citizens of the Unilted States, and cannot asser a right of property founded on their own illegal Londuct.
3. But even admitting that the original capture was legal, the prize cannot now be reclaimed by the captors. An interest acquired in war by possession, is lost with the possession. The rights of capture are completely devested by recapture, escape, or rescue. Here the property has been devested out of the possession of the captors by the rescuers, for the 'benefit of the original owners, and the rescuers hold it in trust for their benefit.

Mr. Wheaton, for the salvors, stated, that the ori-
a The Astrea, 1 Wheat. Rep. 125. The Invincible, 2 Galis. 35. Hudson v. Guestier, 4 Cranch, 293. S. C. 6 Cranck,281.
The Dihgenta, I Dodson, 404.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ginal owners being thus shown to be entitled to res-

titution, the next question would 'be, whether the

salvors were entitled to any, and what salvage.

Unless the property were thus restored to the Spa-

nish owners, the rescuers could not claim any sal-

vage; for certainly the captors would not admit that

any. meritorious service had been rendered them by

the rescue. But, as against the former owners, the

rescuers have a just claim, having saved the property

from the grasp of their enemy: and it would be idle

to send the salvors to the Courts of Spain, to prose-

cute their claim, since the possession of the property

enables this Court to do complete justice between

all the parties. And this Court has already deter-

mined, that in a case of derelict by one belligerent,

a neutral is entitled to salvage, -and the Courts of

the neutral country into which the property is

brought, have authority to award it.b As to the

quantum of salvage one third was allowed in that

case, and it was doubted whether more ought not to

have been allowed, if the salvors had appealed. The

case of the Adventurec which was a donation at sea

by the belligerent captor to a neutral, who brought

the property into a port of his own country, was

held to lie a lawful salvage, and a moiety was al-

lowed. In the case of Rowe et al. v. the Bri

,

which was a Spanish vessel captured by a South

American cruiser, one of the learned judges of this-

1821.
The Relne
Connines.

a The Two Friends, 1 Rob. 281. b The Mary Ford, 3 Dall. 198. c 8 Granch, 221.

166
1821. The Bello
The Bello
Corrunes.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Court allowed a moiety of the net value. And in general, it may be affirmed that there is no inflexible rule, either in cases of derelict, or of rescue , a reasonable salvage, proportioned to the meritorious exertions of the salvors, is to be decreed , but never less than a third, unless the property is very valuable, or the services rendered very inconsiderableb

Mr. Webster, contra, upon the claim for salvage,
insisted, that it appeared by the evidence that there had been a partial embezzlement-of the property by the alleged salvors, and that it was a fixed rule that such misconduct, or any circumstance of fraud, forfeited the rights of salvage. °

r'e",' 2h. Mr. Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. This vessel was stranded on Block Island, in an alleged effort to reach a port of the United States. The vessel and cargo have been seized by the Collector of Newport, for supposed violations of the trade laws of this country, and an information was accordingly filed, to subject the whole to condemnation, in the District Court, for Rhode. Island District. This claim of the United States has been opposed by three classes of competitors. The vessel and

a I ,Mason's Rep. 372. b Xbbott onShzpp. 451. Story's Ed. .Note (i.) The Favourite, 4 Cranch, 347. The Jonge Bastiann, 5 Rob. 32. The Lord Nelson, Edwv. 79. L'Esperance, I Dodson, 49. The Blenden. hall, I Dodson, 421. Barrels of Flour v. Prior, I Gallis. 133. c The Blaireau, 2 Cranch, 240

OF THE UNITED STATES.

,167

cargo, it appears, are Spanish property, and were captured on the south western coast of Cuba, by the Puyerredon, a private armed brig, bearing the flag of the Buenos Ayrean Republic, and commanded by Captain James Barnes. Being armed, and well calculated for a privateer, she was manned with a complement of ihe privateer's men, about thirty in number, and her original commander, and all except four of the Spanish crew, removed. Thus equipped, it appears that she cruised, as a tender to the Puyerredon, for about two months, during which time another Spaniard was added to her crew, and on the 8th May, when in lat. 32 30, N. and long. 74, from London, the crew rose upon the officers, subdued them, put them on board the first vessel they met with, and steered their course for this continent.
Thus circumstanced, Capt. Barnes has libelled in behalf of the captors, the Spanish Vice Consul in
behalf of the original Spanish owners, and the crew of the Bello Corrunes have libelled for a compensation by way of salvage, to which they suppose themselves entitled, in the event of restitution being de-
creed to the original owners.
To these several claims it is objected on behalf of the United States, that restitution cannot be decreed to the Spanish Vice Consul, because he is not in-that capacity a competent party in Court to assert the rights of individual subjects , nor, in favour of the captors, because the privateer was originally fitted out in the United States, and is still owned by American citizens ; nor, in favour of the salvors, because

1s2.
The Bella
Corrunes.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i. they have forfeited their claim to salvage by spolia-

TTlet.Bello C.ormnes.
suAl fhour.gancriogah-t toclaimorliel, in irer, where
thpe rtgh o
fellow subjects ainquestion,

tion, and an attempt to smuggle. As these suggestions open the whole case, it shall
be disposed of by considering them severally in their order, only remarking en passant, that though they
were all sustained, it would avail the United States nothing , since, without evidence sufficient to sustain the criminal charge, it would only -follow that the proceeds of the property libelled, must lie in the
registry of the Court, until a proper claimant shall
make his appearance. On the first point made by the Attorney General,
this Court feels no difficulty in deciding, that a Vice Consul duly recognised by our Government, is a competent-party to assert or defend the rights of

without any
special autho- property of the individuals of his nation, in any
rity from those
for ,hoebene Court having jurisdiction of causes affected by the fit he acts. application of international law. To watch over

the rights and interests of 'heir subjects, whereverthe pursuits of commerce may draw them, or the vicissitudes of human affairs may force them, is the great object for which Consuls are deputed by their sovereigns, and in a country where laws govern, and justice is sought for in Courts only, it would be a mockery to preclude them from the only avenue through which their course lies to the end of their mission. The long and universal usage of the Courts of the United States, has sanctioned the exercise of this right, and it is impossible that any evil or inconvenience can flow from it. Whether the powers of the Vice Consul shall in any instance
extend to the right to receive in his national charac-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ter, the proceeds of property libelled and transfer- 1s21.

red into the registry of a Court, is a question rest- The Bello

Ing on other principles. In the absence of specific BCuot hrreucnaensn,ot

powers given him by competent authority, such a rreecsteiitvuetionacwtuitah-

right would certainly not be recognised.

Much,

in

out a special pcuralion

this respect, must ever depend upon the laws of the

=Froh
tereste

rties
e

country from which, and to which, he is deputed.

And this view of the subject will be found to recon-

cile the difficulties supposed to have been presented

by the authorities quoted on this point. Consider-

ing, then, the original Spanish interest as legally re-

presented, the questions are, whether that interest is

not forfeited to the United States, or superseded by

the superior claims of the capturing vessel.

This is not the ordinary case of a capture made theA'Uc.itizSetnateosf under the taint of an illegal outfit. The decision of cannot claim,
in their Courts,

this Court must rest upon a very different principle. tfhoreeipgnroenrattyionosf

In those cases, the national character of the claim- t-he aUm. ! S.,cwaipth.

ant is immaterial.

He has violated the neutrality of wr, w iinloi
ver the capta-

this country, and cannot shelter himself under his nhanvgetvbsese;neliye-

commission, or his allegiance, however unques- qwuhiopmpesode,veorr by tionable his right, individual or national, would commissioned.

have- been otherwise. But can a ciizen of this

country, who has violated its laws, ever be recogni-

sed in our Courts as a legal claimant of the fruits of

his own wrong ? We are of opinion he cannot, and

it therefore becomes material to determiie what, is

the national character of the claimants, under the

capture made by the Puyerredon.

At the time of this vessel's first sailing from Bal-

timore, she was unquestionably American owned

and commanded. During the time of her cruising

VOL. VI.

41

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. under the name of the Mangoree, it is not pretended The Bello that she changed owners. The legality of her conCorrunes. duct at that period has been defended altogether on
the ground of her taking the flag of Buenos Ayres, being commissioned in a foreign state, and.her commander, Barnes, assuming the character of a citizen of the power that had commissioned him. It is not until her arrival at Buenos Ayres, in 1817, that any change of property in the vessel has been set up in proof. At that time, it is contended. she was set up at auction, and changed owners, passing into the hands of a Mr. Higginbotham, a citizen of the United States, married and domiciled at Buenos Ayres.
If this fact had been satisfactorily made out in evidence, it would have drawn this Court into the consideration of some questions of great nicety, which have never yet received a solemn adjudication in this Court. But the evidence to support this pretended change of property is so wholly unsatisfactory-, that the Court rejects it, for, the ordinary solemnities of such transfers are too well known, to admit the belief that in this instance, the change of property, had it been real, would not have been effected or commemorated by written documents.
This Court, then, proceeds upon the assumption that the Puyerredon is still, in reality, American owned, and they are also of opinion, that she must be held to be American commanded, since, even if the doctrine could be admitted, that a man's allegiance may be put off with his coat, it is very. clear that Mi. Barnes' citizenship is altogether in fraud of the laws of his own country. His family has never

OP THE UNITED STATES.

been removed from Baltimore, and his home has been always either there, or upon the ocean.
The question then is, whether thus circumstanced, the claim in behalf of the owners and mariners of the Puyerredon, can be sustained.
We are decidedly of opinion it cannot. By the 2d section of the 14th article of the treaty with Spain, Citizens, subjects or inhabitants" of the United States, are strictly prohibited from ta-
king " any commission or letter of marque, for arming any ship or vessel, to act as privateers against the subjects of his Catholic Majesty, or the property of any of them, from any Prince or State with which the said King shall be at war." And it is further provided, " that if any person of either nation shall take such commissions'or letters of marque,, he shall be punished as a pirate. '
Whatever difficulties there may exist under the free institutions of this country, in giving full efficacy to the provisions of this treaty, by punishing such aggressions as acts 6f piracy, it is not to be questioned that they are prohibited acts, and intended to be stamped with the character of piracy, and to permit the persons engaged in the open prosecution of such a course 3f conduct, to appear, and claim of this Court, the prizes they have seized, would be to countenance a palpable infraction of a rule of conduct, declared to be.the supreme law of the land.
Some doubts have been suggested on the use of the words." State at war" witb.Spain. .ThisCourt would not readily lean to favour a restricted-eon-

1s21.
The Bello
Corrines.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. struction of language, as applied to the provisions of

The Bello a treaty, which always combines the characteristics Cornmnes. of a contract, as well as a law. but it is not neces-

sary to examine the grounds of these doubts, as applied to the present case, because this treaty has

been enforced by the provisions of the act of Congress of the 14th June, 1797, §o as to leave no doubt of its extension to the case of cruising against Spain, under a commission from the new

states formed in her colonies. Citizens of the United States, therefore, present
themselves to this Court to demand restitution of a prize which they had made in violation of the most solemn stipulations of a treaty, and provisions of a law of their own country, and of which they have

been dispossessed by their own associates in guilt.

Under such circumstances, this Court cannot hesi-

tate to reject the claim, and adjudge the property to

the original proprietors.

In case of a This view of the subject obviates the necessity of

illegal capture,

in violation ofex innthad theneutrlityof examining the

reality and

effect

of

the alleged res-

this country,

tthhee Vlarwofpuelrtoywno-t cue on behalf of the original owners, with a view

cannot be to the question of restitution, but it still becomes

forfeited for a breach ofits-re venue laws, by
ecaptor h rave rescued the property from their pcaaession.

necessary, with a view to the question of forfeiture, and the merit of the alleged salvors. With regard to the former, it is very clear, that supposing the rescue to have been real and compleat, the Spanish

consul ought not to be precluded from his election, whether to put his claim upon the ground, that the

interest of those whom be represents was never legally devested, or that it was afterwards legally re-

covered. In the one case, there is no ground for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

173

affecting it with the forfeiture, because of the con- 1821. duct of the crew; and in the other, some question Th"e Relle may be made,-how far the property was affected by cozzruea. the illegal acts of those who, at that time, held m the right.of the owners. But even in this latter view of the state -ofthe property, we are of opinion, that the forfeiturelwas not incurred, since, although it be supposed, that the property was in custody of those who held for the Spanish owners, it was not held by those to whom the Spanish owners had entrusted the vessel and cargo. And this is the only
ground uponw4hich the acts of the ship's company are -made to. produce forfeitures, of the interest of shippers or ship owners. For, besides the considerations drawn from the great predominance of the force detached from the privateer, in the effort to recapture, the few-men of her own crew, were gratuitous actors. Their contract with the owners had ceased, and they assumed the character of voluntary agents, whose conduct the owners might or might not adopt, according to their own views or interests.
As to the claims of the salvors, it may be remark- Theriht of
salvage may be
ed, that maritime Courts always approach them with fmoirsfceoitneddubcyt thoef great benignity and favour. Yet, in proportion to the salvors. the inclination to favour where there is merit, is the indignation with which they view every indication
of a disposition to take advantage of the unfortunate. Spoliation, and even gross neglect, may forfeit all the pretensions of salvors to compensation.
In the case before us, it is not too much to pronounce the claim of those, of the crew of the Puy-

174

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182i.
The Bello
Corrunes.

erredon who libel for salvage, to be not only ground-
less but impudent; for, besides spoliation, smuggling, and the grossest irregularities, it is perfectly clear, from the pilot's evidence, that they run the vessel on shore purposely So, that whatever may have been the reality of their benevolent designs towards the Spanish owners originally, their subsequent conduct not
only casts a doubt over their candour, but devests them of all pretensions to compensation.
Nor do the five Spaniards who composed a part of the crew of the Bello Corrunes, at the time she was stranded, and who were not of the capturing crew, escape being involved in the suspicions which fasten on their associates.
It is a melancholy truth, too well known to this
Court, that the instruments used in the predatory voyages carried on under the colours of the South American States, are among the most abandoned and profligate of men. Under the influence of strong interests or fears, the mind of man too often yields, even where the moral sense still exerts its influence, but hold out to one of these practised adventurers in a course of plunder, the hope of gain on the one
hand, and the fear of imprisonment for piracy on the other, and what are the chances for truth I
That these men were selected from the Spanish crew to associate with those of the capturing vessel, is a circumstance not very favourable to their characters and cond'uct, and it would require some strong evidence of their innocence to remove from-them the suspicion of a voluntary association with the enemies of their King. Joining in, or even setting on

OF THE UNITED STATES.

175

foot or promoting the recapture, (facts which rest wholly on their own veracity,) can prove very little in their favour, since such mutinies are become everyday occurrences whenever such a crew find themselves in possession of a valuable cargo. Nor will the inference in their favour be very strong from their resorting .to the Consul of their country, since it was the only icourse which held' out a chance of gain, or of escape from the imputation both of piracy and smuggling. There is no evidence to separate their conduct from a compleat identification with the rest of the crew, except what is obfained from their own testimony. Yet it is suggested, that they may still make their innocence and merits to appear; and as the parties have signified their consent that the case may be opened in the Court below as to this class of salvors, the case will be remanded to the Circuit Court, for further proceedings, so far as the claim for salvage is concerned.

s21.
The Bello
Cormes.

Decree accordingly.

DE.CREE. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court for the District of Rhode Island, and was argued by counsel: on consideration whereof, it Is ORDERED and DECREED, that the Decree of the said Circuit Court in this case be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, against Barnes and others, except so far as relates to the libel for salvage of .Emanuel Rodriguez, Emanuel Josef, Emanuel Barbarus, An-

176

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. tonio Josef, and Josef Isnages, who formed no part Smith of the crew of the private armed brig Puyerredon,
V. and as to so much of the said Decree as relates to
The Univer-
slnsuranc the said libellants Emanuel Rodrigues and others, Company. it is further DECREED and ORDERED, by consent of
parties, by their counsel, that the Decree of the said Circuit Court be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And it is further ORDERED, that the said cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court for farther inquiry And that the proceeds of the said Bello Corrunes and cargo lie in the Registry of the said Circuit Court, to be paid over, under the order of that Court, to the Spanish owners, as interest shall be made to appear.

(INsUa!.cE.)
SMITH et al. v. UNIVERSAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Where, in a policy of insurance, a technical total loss is asserted as the ground of recovery, the loss must be occasioned'by the immediate operation of some of the perils insured against, and it is not sufficient that the voyage be abandoned for fear of the operation of the peril.
The insurers do not undertake, that the voyage shall be performed without delay, or that the perils insured against shall not occur; they undertake only for losses sustained by those perils; and if any peril does begin to act upon the subject, yet if it be removed before any loss takes place. and the voyage is not thereby broken up, but is, or may be, resumed, the insured cannot abandon foratotal loss.
Insurance on munitions of war, laden on board a neutral vessel, on

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cided in favour of the defendant.- It would be a great mschief for the same title to be in perpetual litigation from the conflict of opinion between the Courts of the State and the federal Courts ; and we, therefore, acquiesce in the opinion of the Court of Appeals, upon the ground, that the point is one of local law, has been fully considered in that Court, and is a construction which cannot be pronounced unreasonable, or founded in clear mistake.

us
zs i. OOitis V. Water.

Judgment affirmed.

a Preston's Heirs v. Bowmar, 2 Bibb. Rep. 493.

-JiSTRUCTION OF STATUTE,)
OTIS V. WALTER.
Under die Embargo Act ofthe 25th April, 1808, c. 170. Clxv.) ifa ves zel, not actually arriving at her port of original destination, excites an honest suspicion in the mind of the Collector, that her demand of a permit to land the cargo was merely colourable, this is not i termination of t ie voyage so as to preclude the right of detentibn.
Under what circumstances the Collector has a right to land the cargo of the vessel thus detained.
Tins cause was argued. by the Attorney- General Mfarh 121h. for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Webster and Mr. Wheaton for the defendant in error.'
a They cited Otis v Bacon, 7 Cranch, 596. Crowell v. M'Faddon, 8 Cranch, 98. Slocumr v. Mayberry, .2 Meat. Rep. 11.

584

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Otis
V.
Walter. March 16th.

Mr. Justice LIVINGSTON delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an action of trover brought by the defendant in error, against the plaintiff and others, in.the Court of Common Pleas, held at Boston, within and for the county of Suffolk, to recover the value of
.eighty-six barrels.-of flour, and sundry other articles, in which judgment was recovered against the plaintiff in error, from which judgment-there was an appeal to the Supreme judicial Court, which is the highest Court of law in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, in which judgment was rendered- against the plaintiffs in error, for the sum of $2,488 75 cents, and costs of suit, and in favour of the other defendants. On the judgment, the defendant below, Wil-
liam Otis, has prosecuted a writ of error to this Court, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act of the United States, and we are now to decide whether there was- any error in the direction given by the judge before whom this action was tried, and which appears on the bill of exceptions attached to the recorA in this cause.
The property in question had been seized by William Otis, as Deputy Collector of the customs for the port and district of Barnstable, in the commonwealth of Massachusetts, under the 11th section of an act in addition to the act, entitled, "An act laying an embargo on all ships and vessels in the ports and harbours of the United States ;" and the several acts supplementary thereto, -and for other purposes, passed the 5th April, 1808. On the bill of exceptions, the following facts appear. On the part of the

OF THE .UNITED STATES.

595

plaintiff, Lynde Walter, it was proved, that the goods mentioned in the declaration were his property, that they were put on board of the sloop Ten Sisters, at Ipswich, in Massachusetts, bound for the port of Yarmouth , that it was agreed or understood between Walter and Hallett, who was master of the sloop; that the latter was to carry said goods to Barnstable, or to a place called Bass river, in Yarmouth, with orders to sell the same, provided be could obtain a certain price fixed by Walter, otherwise to deliver them to Freeman Baker, of Yarmouth, that said sloop, on the 19th November, 1808, cleared out at Ipswich, to proceed to the.portof Yarmouth, as expressed in the clearance obtained from the Collector at that place, that said sloop proceeded round Cape Cod to Hyannis, in the town and district of Barnstable, and the master applied to William Otis, a deputy Collector for that port aud district, for a permit to land the cargo, which he refused to give, but ordered him not to discharge any thing from the sloop, until he should have a permit so to do. That in a day or two afterwards, Otis came on board the sloop with four men, and seized sloop and cargo, and putting a pilot and crew on board, he sent her to Falmouth,- in the district of Barnstahle, where Otis had the cargo discharged and stored, in, and under a dwelling-house in Falmouth tie master forbidding Otis to. meddle with the sloop or cargo. The master also exhibited to Otis his manifest, and swore to the correctness of the same. On the part of'Otis, it was proved, that he was deputy Collector for Barnstable-that on the 29th No-
VOL. VT.

1821.
"Otis v.
Walter.

1821.
v.
Walter.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
vember, 1808,.he duly reported to the President of the United States, the detention of this sloop and her cargo, under and by virtue of the act abovemention-d, which detention was confirmed and approved by the President, Qn the 8th of December, 1808. That the sloop, when seized, lay at anchor about half a mile from the shore or beach, which- is-in the towa and port of Barnstable, near the centre thereof, six miles distant,from Bass river, on which Freeman Bakers house and store are situated, and. about five miles from the harbour of Yarmouth. That Freeman-Baker's landing is situate above a quarter, of a mile from the mouth of Bass river, .on said river, in the town of Yarmouth, about six miles and an half by water, from where the sloop was seized, -and lies to the eastward of Point Gammon. Hyannis, where the vessel-was seized, is westward of Point Gammon, land in -the town of-Barnstable. That the sloop, when seized, had not arrived at the harbour of Yarmouth, but was lying in the port or harbour of Barnstable,. about -three miles from 'the harbour of Yarmouth, which lies east north east from the port of Barnstable, and the sloop on her way from Ipswich to the place where she was seized, passed the piace for which she was cleared, because the weather would not permit the master to get her either into the-harbours of Bass river, or Gage wharf, and because he lived near Hyannis, and -wished to see his family, 4nd to lay his vessel in a safe place, and to land certain articles of bedding, &c.from the vessel, as it was his intention to strip the vessel when she arrived at 'Yarmouth. After the- master arrived in

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Hyannis Bay, it was his intention to land his cargo at Gage wharf, which is in the town of Yarmouth, about three rods distant from the line of Barnstable and about six miles and an half from the place where the sloop was anchored when seized. Between Yarmouth harbour or Bass river harbour, and Hyannis, or Barnstable harbour, where the vessel was seized, is a long point of land, called Point Gammon, extending several miles into the sea, and the distance by the nearest course of the ship-channel, or deep water, from Bass river to Hyannis, is ten miles, and in going from Ipswich to Hyannis, the sloop passed Bass river harbour, or Yarmouth harbour and Point Gammon. The cargo, when stored by the Collector, was some of it in bad and perishable condition, and was put in better order by coopering, &c. before being stored.
On ,this evidence, the jury were charged that un-
der the clearance, the captain had a right to go to any part of Yarmouth with his vessel, notwithstanding it might have been the intention of him and the owner, that.she should. go'to Bass river.in that town. that if she had been carried beyond Bass river by force of the winds, and contrary to the master's intenuon, and cane to anchor in Hyannis Bay, with,in the limits of the town of Barnstable, for that cause,- still, if the jury believed that, -in consequence of this state of things, the captain had concluded to give up his intention of going to Bass river, and in lieu thereof, to carry his vessel to Gage's wharf, which is within the town of Yarmouth, on the same side of Point Gammon as Barnstable, and to all subl'

3821.
v. Walter.

588
1821,
k& v.
Walter'

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
stantial purposes, the same harbour, and fot this purpose, was waiting only for. a proper oppcetunity to take the vessel into that wharf, they mightjustly and fairly determine that the voyage was terminated at the time Otis took possession of the vessel.,
Whether this part of the charge-were correct, will depend on the true construction of the I Ith section of the act of Congress, under, which .this seizure.was made, and which has already been referred to,. Its language is, " that the Collectors of the -customs be, and they are hereby respectively authorized-to detain any vessel.ostensibly botind with. a cargo to
some other -port.of the .United*States,-,whenever, in their opinicn, the intention-is to violate, or evade any of the-provisions of the acts ILying.an embargo, uptil the .dbC'sfbn ofthe.?resident of.the United- States be had thereupon."
Of. *e ostensible destinati6n of the Ten Sisters, at.thetinie of.-her leavingIpswibh, there can be i05 doubt. This, fromthe manifest and clearance, was Yarmouth ,or Bass. river.. What better evidenqe, then,. .copild, Otis- havu of this -fact, than that which
he acquired from .an" iiispeetioa of these papers. If, then, such was her os.nsible destination. at the time of her sailing from .Ipswich, and .he had. not arrived at'Yarmouth.or Bast river at the time of seizure, it would. seem, that he would Iiaye a right, under the provisions of this- section, t6 detain the Ten Sisters, if in his opinion an initefition-existed of violating the embargo laws. It is -not pretended,. that this was .not his real -opinion, or that, for an honest exercise 6f such an opinion, heought to be punished. There

OF THE UNITED STATES.

589

is a confidence placed in the discretion of a Collector, in cases of this kind, which may be abused, but which ought-to protect him from loss when there is no reason to believe, as there is not in this case, that the dotention proceeded 'from sinister motives, and not 'from a conscientioUts desire of discharging his duty. To subject a Collector, or any public officer, to such an imputation, when acting under a discretion thus reposed in him, the circumstances ought to be.such is almost to preclude the possibility of his having acted but from some -unworthy or dishonourable motive. The Court is much mistaken, if the facts in this case are such as to lead to this conclusion. The only question, then, is, whether the circumstances were. such at the: time of seizure,. as to confer .on thb Cdllector, or his deputy, the right of acting under the influence of an opihion, that such illegal Intention existed. But it is supposed, that
the- Ten Sisters, had substantlally terminated het voyage, or that being:driven beyond Point Gammon iuto Hyannis Bay, she might lawfully terminate her voyage, and land her cargo at Barnstable. lf'a perwit had been obtained to land her cargo at Barnsta-
ble, this argument would be!entitled to much consideration, but when the master of a vessel, bound by her papers to one port, applies for a permit to
land her cargo at another place, he cannot, in that way, deprive the Collect6r of considering the vessel as still n ztonere, to her original port of destination,. and if he suspects such application to be a mere pretence to conceal some illicit object, he has as good a fight to make the seizure as if a permit had not been.

1822.
Otis
V. Walter.

690

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821
Otis
V. Waiter.

applied for. In the case of Otis v. Bacon, 7 Cranch,
596. a permit to land the cargo had been granted before any seizure took place, which was considered by the Court as evidence of the termination of

the voyage., and that she could not, thereafter, be considered as actually or ostensibly bound to any other port. Nor can the exhibition of the manifest, or-swearing to its contents, be considered. as equivalent to a.permit to land the goods. It might, on the contrary, furnish evidence, as it did here, of an ostensible destination from one port df the Ulnited States to another, where she had.not yet arrived, and in which case the Collector had authority to act nor was h'e bound to believe, merely from that circumstance, or from the then situation of the vessel, ihat such destination was abandoned. On a former trial of this cause, no clearance was produced,. and the only tqsrmony on this subject came out on the examination of the master, who declared, that the vessel was bound to Yarmouth or Barnstable. Upon
the whole, this Court is of opinion-, that the learned judge who tried the cause committed an error in telling the jury that they might fairly and justly determine the voyage was terminated at the time of seizure, if they believed the captain had given up his intention of. going to Bass river, and had determined to land his cargo at Gage's wharf, which, though within the boundary of Yarmouth, is in fact in the harbour of Barnstable, and that he was waitmg only for a proper opportunity to take the vessel mto that wharf. Now, this was placing the termination of ihe voyage, not on the fact of its having

OF THE UNITED STATES.
actually ended, but on an intention of the master, of Which it was impossible the Collector could know any thing with certainty. who was to judge of his right and duty to make the seizure only from the
papers of the vessel, and the situation in which 'she was found, which is admitted to have been short of her destined port. But if a secret intention of the master be permitted to be set up as a ground of decision, and' this, -too, contrary to the written evidence in the.cause, on'which alone a public officer can act with safety, he would* always be exposed to risks which might deter him from acting altogether. The jury, therefore,,should have been left to decide -from the.other evidence in the cause, independent of any secret, or even declared, intention in the mind of the master, whether the ostensible. voyage was terminated. or not; and it seems difficult to conceive how their decision.could have been otherwise than favourable to Otis. In this part of the charge, therefore, the Court is of-opinion, -there is error.
Another part of the Court's instruction to the jury is also.complained of, it is, that in which the. Chief Justice remarks, that the Collector had no authprity, without the consent of the master, or person having the cart of the cargo, to unlade it from the vessel and store it. It is not known what influence this opinion had on the jury, but in the unqualified terms in which the Collector's right to unlade the cargo is denied, this Court does not concur. We have already decided, that with the consent of the master, or agent of the owner, the cargo may be landed, but it was not intended to say, that in no other case

1s21.
Otis
V. Walter.

6.9

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821,
Otis
V. Waiter.

eould such landing and storing be justifiable. If it Sappear that the Collector, during the detention of the
vessel, shall, bonafide, think it will tend to the security and preservation of the property to unlade it, and
will do it at his own expense, it is not perceived why he may not do so, but at the peril of such an act being regarded, per se, as a conversion of the property. At any rate, this consequence ought not to follow, unless it shall appear that the property was lost or injured in consequence of such landing. That not appearing to have been the case here, it is not necessary to say what effect such a circumstance could have had in this suit. All that it is intended to say here, is, that a landing. for the purposes, and under the circumstances which appear on this record, is not of necessity, or in itself, a conversion.

Judgment reversed, and a ventre faczas de nova awarded.a
a Vide ante, vol. II. p. 18.

642
1821.
United States
V.
Daniel

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(PAcTxcE.)
The UNITED STATES V. DANIEL.

A division of the judges of the Circuit Court, on a motion for a new trial, in a civil or a criminal case, is not such a division of opinion as is to be certified to this Court for its decision, under the 6th section of the judiciary act of 1802, c. 291. [xz.]

THis was an indictment in the Circuit -Court of South Carolina against Lewis Daniel, charging him with having knowledge of the actual commissibn of the crime of wilful murder, committed on the high sea, by John Furlong; and with unlawfully' wickedly, and maliciously, concealing the same, &c.
The indictment set forth, at-large, the indictment and conviction of John Furlong, for wilful murder
on the high seas, and then charged Lewis Daniel with -the knowledge and concealment of that murder, and with.not having disclosed the same, -in the words of the act of Congress. The prisoner was tried on the plea of not guilty. It was proved that some of the persons present on board, when the principal felony was committed, had in conversation stated the fact of the murder to the defendant, who advised them to escape, promised secrecy, offered them the means of escape, and actually assisted one of them in escaping ; but there was no evidence that the defendant knew of any fact, which would have constituted legal evidence on the trial of the principal felon. The judge charged the jury, that the concealment, under the circumstances, was sufficient to convict the defendant, am the jury found a ver-

OF THR "UNITED-STATES.

W4

dict of guilty. The defendant "thenmoved- n arrest 1s2. ofjudgment, and fo"r"a, new trial, on the following United-eStates grounds. That a person is not liable to be indicted V. and convicted under the 5th section of the act of Darnel.
April, 1790, c. 36. for the punishment of certain. crimes against the United States, unless he has such knowledge of the felony as will enable him to -testify in Court, at the trial -of the principal felon, and, partrcularly thatj'n this case the evidence did not prove the defendant guilty of misprision of murder, according to the terms of the said act. The motion was also supported by an alleged misdirection of the Court to the jury. The judges being divided in opinion on this motion, it was drdered to be certified to this Court.

Mr. Hunt, for the prisoner, (1.) argued, that to mra &h. constitute the offence of misprision of felony, under. the 5th section of the Crimes Act of 1790, c.36. the accused must beproved to have had such a direct and positive knowledge of the actual commission of the felony, as would be legal evidence on the trial of the principal felon. Here the offence is, what in law is termed negative misprision.a All the definitions of misprision imply such a personal knowledge of the fact as would be legal evldence.b But here there was no such knowledge, and if the Court, upon a review of the whole case, is satisfied that the

a 4 Bl.Com. c. 9. 3 Inst. 140. b 4 Tac. Law Dict. 295. Staundf. P P C. c.20. s. 4. 1 Hale's P C.375. 3 Inst. 36. 1 Chitty''Crm.Law', 2.

C. L. 1. c.19. Hawk. Terms de la Ley, 291.

54-$

CASES IN THE SUPREME 'COURT

1821. defendant has not been found guilty of any legal ofSfence, the judgment will be arrested.' In order to
United States
V. bring a case within the intention of a statute, its Daniel. language must include the case , it is not sufficient

that it is within the reason or mischief, or that the crime is of equal atrocity, and of an analogous cha. 'acter. The prisoner could not have been a witness
against the principal felon. The law never credits the bare assertion of any one, however high his rank or pure his morals, but always requires the sanction of an oath : and it also requires his personal attendancQ in Court, that he may be examined and crossexamined by the different parties. The few instances in which this rule has been departed from, and in which hearsay evidence has been admitted, will be found on examination to be such as from their very nature are incapable of positive and direct proof. (2.) This Court has decided, that.the refusal of the Circuit Court to grant a new trial, is not matter for which a writ of error lies. But in those ca es the judges of the Court below were unanimous in refusing the new trial, here a division of opinions is certified, and this Court is bound to decide by the express worals of the judiciary act of
1802, c. 291.

The Attorney-General, contra, (1.) insisted that there was no grouud for arresting the judgment, or

a I East's P C. 14.6. 1 Caitty's Crm. Law, 663.
St. Trz. 290. h Wiltberger v United States, 5 Wheat. Rep. 96.

1 II'a*gr.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

W4

granting a new trial. The evidence brought the 1821. case completely within the Crimes Act of 1790, C.United Stats 36. The object of the act was the prompt detection V and punishment of the crimes enumerated. The de- Daniel. gree of knowledge required.to bring a party within the misprision described, is such as is sufficient to justify an arrest, and well-founded suspicion is sufficient for that purpose.6 (2.) The motion in the Court below, in arrest of judgment, combined with a motion for a new trial, is novel and unprecedented. But this combination cannot vary the legal character of these two motions, which is entirely distinct. A motion in arrest of judgment must be confined to objections which arise upon the face of the record itself, and which make the proceedings apparently erroneous: therefore, no defect in evidence, or improper proceedings at the trial, can be urged. as a ground for arresting the judgment.' The exceptions in arrest of judgment are to the indictment.c On the other hand, a motion for a new trial is for causes other than defects in the pleadings ; and the circumstance that the verdict was obtained because the pleadings were defective, will not be permitted to operate on this motion.d On inspection of the record in this case, it will be found that the only grounds assigned in support of the joint motion- are such as are entirely inapplicable to the motion for a new trial. These grounds are the misdirection of

a Chitty's Crtm. Law, 10. 27. 4 Bl. Comm. 290.

b I Chithj's Crim. Law, 539.

cA-.B..Comm. 375.

a 1 EwiyJ, 535.

Von. VL

69

5W6

CASES IN TUE SUPREME COURT

1821. the judge, and that the verdict was obtained on insufficient evidence. The Court willi th6refore,
United States
v.. throw out of view the motion to arrest thejudgment, Darnel. and consider this as a motion fir anew trial, on

which the judges of the Court below weredivided in opinion. And if so, there is no question before this Court" since it has repeatedly decided, that.the granting or refusal of a new trial, is mere matter of discretion in the Court below, and hence, the refusal of a new trial, even though the. grounds on
which the motion was founded are spread on the-re-
cord, is no sufficient cause-for a writ of error from this Court.' In a civil case, if the Court below be divided on such a motion, the motion falls. Nor is it-otherwise ir a criminal case. This-Court has no appellate cr inal jurisdiction. It is only by virtue of the 6th section of the judiciary act of 1802, that a -criminal case can ever be brought to this Court. That section was not, however, made exclusively for criminal cases.. The provision is general : and it is only by reason of its generality that a question in a criminal case can ever reach this Court. But being general, it must have the same construction in all cases. If, then, in a civil case, a division of the judges on the mere discretionary question of a new
trial, would bring no question here, neither will it in a criminal case.

Narch 15h. Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.

ct Wheat. Dig. Dec. tit.PracticeXV. (A.)

OF THE UNITED'D STATES.

547

The indictment in this case is certainly sufficient to sustain a judgment according to the verdict, and all the other proceedings are regular. .There is therefore no cause for arresting the judgment.
The motion for a new trial has neyer, before been brought to this Court on a division of opinion in-the Circuit Court. It had been dejcided, that a writ of error could- not be sustained to any opinion on such
motion, and the reasons for that decision seemed entitled to great weight, when urged.against determining such a motion in this Court, in a case, where .the judges at the circuits were divided on it.
When we considered fhe motives which must have operated with the legislature for, introducing this clause into the judiciary act of 1802, we were. satis-
lied that it could not be' intended to 'apply to motions
for a new trial. Previous to the passage of that -act, the Circuit
Courts were -composed 'of. three judges, and the
judges of the Supreme-Court changed their Circuits. If 'all the judges.were present,. no division of opinion could take plhce. If on!y one judge of the Supreme Court should attind, and a division should take place, the cause was continued till' .the next term, when a different judge would attend. ,Should the same division continue, 'there would then be the opinion of two judges against one, and the law provided-, that in such case that opinion should be the judgment of'the Court. But the act of 1802, made the judges of the Supreme Court stationary, so that the same judge constantly attends the same circuit. This great improvement of the pre-existing system,

18,2.
UUnitedSStates
V.
Daniel

M4

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. was attended with this difficulty, The Court'being ~ alway&composed of. the same two judges, any divi-
United States
V sion of opinion would reipain, and the question Daniel. would continue- unsettled. To remedy this inconve7

nience,- the clause under consideTation was introduced. Its application to motions for a new trial seems unnecessary. Such a motion is nota part of the proceedings in the cause;. It is an. applicaion to the discretion of the Court, founded on endence which the Court has heard, and which may make an impression not always to be communicated -by a statement of that evidence. A division of opinion is a rejection of -the motion, and the.verdict standS. There is nothing then in the reason ofthe provision which wbuld apply it -to this case.
Although .the words of the act direct generally, "that whenever any question shall occur,, before a Circuit Court, upon which the opinion. of the judges shall be opposed, the point upon which the disagreement shall happen shall" be certified, &c. yet it is, apparent that the question, must be one which arises in a cause depending before the 'Court relative.to a proceeding belonging to the cause. The first ptoviso is, " That nothing herein contiined shall prey.ent the cause from proceeding, if, in the opinion of the Court, f rher proceedings can be had without prejudice to the merits."
It was also contenaed, that under the second proviso, Lewis- Daniel ought to. be discharged. That
proviso is in these words : "And provided also that imprisonment.shall not be allowed, nor punishment in any case be mflicted, where the judges of the said.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M49

Court arc divided in opinion upon the question touching the said imprisonment or punishment.",
A motion for a new trial is not " the" question
touching the said imprisonment or pumshiient.1 That question must arise on the law, as applicable to the case, and.!s not, it wduld seem, to be referred to this Court. The proviso, if applicable to such a case -as this, would .direct the Circuit Court not to certify their division of opinion to this Cotrrt, but, in consequence of that division, to enter a judgment for the defendant. This Court can only decide the question referred to it, and certify its opinion upon that question to the Circuit Court, who will then determine whit judgment it is proper to render.

1821.
XoWI
United States
v.
D)an.

CERTIrIcATE. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record ; and on the points on whch.the judges in the Circuit Court were divided mi-pinion, and was argued by counsel On consideration wheredf, this.C6urt is of opinion, that there is no error in 'the record' and proceedings of the Circuit Court, for which judgment ought to be arrested. And this Court is farther of opinion, that a division of the judges of the-Circuit Court, on a motion for a new trial, is not one of those divisions of opinion which is to be certified to this Court for its decision, under the act, entitled, " an act to amend the judicial
system of the United States." All which isORDERED to be certified to the Uni-
ted States Court for the sixth Circuit and District of
South Carolina.

CASES IN THE SUPREM-E COUVRT

,aai. ,Colns
Virgiia.

of the cause, or in the rights of the parties. It would seem reasonable, therefore, that the suit should proceed, and not be dismissed or abated. -In the absence of all authority which binds the Court to a different course, we are disposed to adopt this doctrine, and shall promulgate a general rule on the subject.
Rule accordingly.

(CONSTiTUTInAL LAw.)
COHENS V. VIRGINIA.
Thia Court has, constitutionally, appellate jurisdiction under the judi.cary act of 1789, c. 20. s. 25. from the -final judgment or decree of the highest Court of law or equity of a State, having juiisdiction of the ,ubject matter of the suit, where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty, or statute of, or an authority exercised under, the United'States, and the decision is against their validity; or where is drawn in question the validity of a statute of, .or an authority exercised under any State, on the ground of their beingrepugnant to the constitution, treaties, or laws of the United States, and the decision is.in fayour of such, their validity; or of the constitution, or of a -treaty, or statute of, or commission held under the United States, and the decision is against the title, right, privilege, or exemption, specially set up or claimed, by either party. under such clause of the constitution, treaty, statute, or commission.
Iris no ob nttioo the exercise ofthis appellate jurisdiction, that one of the parties is a State, and the other a citizen of that State.
a Vide new order of Court of the present term. Ante, Rule XXXII.

OF THE U'NITED STATES.
The act of Congress of the4th of May, 1812, entitled, "an act further to amend the charter of the city of Washington," which provides, (a. 6.) that the Corporation of the city shall be empowered, for certamL purposes, and under certain restrictions, to authorize the drawing of lotteries, does not extend to authorze the Corporation to force the sale of the tickets in such lottery, in States where such sale maybe prohibited by the $tate laws.

2W
1821. % Cohen&
V.

THIS was a writ of error to the quarterly Session Court for the. borough of Norfolk, in the:State of Virginia, under the 26th section of the judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. it being the highest Court of law or equity of that State having jurisdiction Uf the case.

Pleas at the Court House.fNorfolk borough;'before

the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the said borough,on Saturday,the second day of Sepember, one thousand eight hundred and twenty, and w theforty-fifK year of the Commonwealth.

Be it remembered, that heretofore, to wit: At a

Quarterly Session Court, held the twenty-sixth .day

of June, one thousand eight. hundred and twenty,

the .grand jury, duly summoned and impaiaelled for

the said borough of Norfolk, and sworn and charged

according to law, made a presentment in these

words -

We present P. J. and M. J. Cohen, for 'Vending t

and selling two halves and four quarter lottery tick-

ets of the National Lottery, to be drawn at Washing-

ton, to William H. Jennings, at their office at the

corner of MaxwelPs wharf, contrary to the act thus

made and provided in that case,-since January, 1820.

On the Alformation of William H. Jennings.

VOL. VT.

34

266
1821.
*
Cohens
V.
Virginia.
i'orma iou.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Whereupon the regular process of law was awarded against the said defendants, to answer the said presentment, returnable to the next succeeding term, which was duly returned by the Sergeant of the bo-
rough of Norfolk-" Executed." And at another Quarterly Session Court, held-for
the said borough of Norfolk, the twenty-ninth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and twenty, came, as well the attorney prosecuting for the Commonwealth,.in this.Court, as the defendants, by.their attorney, and on the motion of the said attorney, leave is given by the Court to filie an informantion against the defendants on the presentment aforesaid., which was accordingly filed, and is in these words:
Norfolk borQugh, to wit Be it remembered, that
James Nimmo, attorney for the Commonwealth of Virginia, in the Court of the said borough of .Norfolk, cometh into Court, in his proper person, and with leave of the Court, giveth the said Court to understand and be informed, that by an act of the ,General Assembly of the said Cbmmonwealth of Virginia, entitled, "An act to yeduce into one, the several acts, and parts of aits,'to prevent unlawful gaming," It is, among other things, enacted and de. dared, that no person or persons shall buy, or spll, within the said. Commonwealth, any lottery, or-part or share of a lottery ticket, except in such lottery o-lotteres as may be authorized by, the laws thereof: and the said James Nimmo,. as attorney aforesaid, further glveth the Court to -understand and be infQrmed, that P J. and M. J. Cohen, traders and partners, late of the parish of Elizabeth River, and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

20

borough of Norfolk aforesaid, being evil disposed persons, and totally regardless of the laws and statutes:of the said Commonwealth, since the first day of January, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty, that is to say, on the first 'day of June, in that year, and within the said Commonwealth of Virginia, to wit, at the parish of Elizabeth River, in the said borough of Norfolk, and within the jurisdiction of this Court, did then and there unlawfully vend, sell, and deliver to a certain William H. Jennings, two half lottery tickets, and four quarter lottery tickets, of the National Lottery,. to be drawn in the City of Washington, that being
a lottery not authorized by the :laws of this Commonwealth, to the evil example of all other persons, in the like case offending, and against the form of the act of the- General Assembly, in that case made and provided.
JAMES NiMMo,for the Commonwealth.

1s2.
Cohem v.
v4MM

And at tbs same Quarterly Session Court, continued by adjournment, and held for the.sazd borough of Norfolk, the second day of September, eighteen hundred and twenty, came, -as well the attorney prosecuting for the Commonwealth, in this Court, as the defendants, by their attorney, and the
said defendants, for plea, say, that they are not guilty in manner and form, as in the information against them is alleged, and of this they put them.elves upon the country. and the attorney for the Commonwealth doth the same; whereupon a case

Not GaUt

CASES IN THE SUPREME' COURT

1si.
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

was agreed by them to be argued in lieu of aspecial verdict, and iAin these words"
Commorwealth against Cohens-case agreed.

Case agreed. In this case, the following statement is admitted

and agreed by the parties in lieu of a special verdict:

that the defendants, on the first day of June, in the

year of our Lord eighteen hundred and twenty.,

within the borough of Norfolk, in the Common-

wealth of Virginias sold to William H. Jennings a

lottery ticket, in the lottery called, and denominated,

the National Lottery, to be drawn in the City of

Washington, within the Iistrict of Columbia.

That the General Assembly of the State of Vir-

gira enacted a statute, or act of Assembly, which

went into operation on the first day of January, in

the year of our Lord 1820, and which is still umre-

pealed, in the words following

Prohibitio of
&c.

No person, in order to raise money for himself or

Lotterics,

another, shall, publicly or privately, put up a lottery

to be drawn or adventured for, or any prize or thing

to be raffled or played for" And whooever shall offend

herein, shall forfeit the whole sum of money pro-

posed to be raised by such lottery, raffling or play-

ing to be recovered by action of debt, in the name

of any one who shall sue for the same, or by indict-

ment or information in the name of the common-

wealth, in either case, for the use and benefit of the

literary fund. Nor shall any person or persons "iy,

or sell, within this Commonwealth, any lottery tick-

et, or part or share of a lottery ticket, except in such

lottery or lotteries as may be authorized by the laws

OF THE UNITED STATES.

269

thereof , and any person or persons offending herein, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offi aee, the sum of one. hundred dollars, to be iecovered and appropriated in mauner last aforesaid.
That the Congress of the United States enacted P statute on the third day of May, in the year of our Lord 1802, entitled, An Act, &c. in the words and .1gures following:

1821.
on V.
Virma.

An Act to wcorporate'theinhabitantsof the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre- Washington sentatives of the United States of America, in Con- corporated. gress assembled, That the inhabitants of the City of Washington be constituted a body politic and corpo-
rate, by the name of a Mayor and Council of the City of Washington, and by their corporate name, may sue and be sued, implead and be inipleaded, grant, receive, and do all other acts as natural persons, and may purchase and hold real, personal and mixed property, or dispose of the same for the benefit of the said city, and may have and use a city seal, which may be altered at pleasure. The City of Washington shall be divided into three divisions or wards, as now divided by the Levy Court for the county, for the purposes of assessment, but the number may be increased hereafter, as in the wisdom-of the City Council shall seem most conducive to the general interest
and convenience. Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Coun- City Counci-
cil of the City of Washington shall consist of twelve

270

CASES IN TIHE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cobbiens
v.
irginia.

members, residents of the city, and upwards of twen-
ty-five years of agz e, to be divided into two chambers, the first chamber to consist of seven members, and the second chamber of five members, the

second chamber to be chosen from the whole num-

ber of councillors, elected by their joint ballot. The

City Council to be elected annually by ballot, in a

general ticket, by the free white male inhabitants of

full age, who have resided twelve months in the city,

and paid taxes therein the year preceding the elec-

lions being held thejustices of the county of Wash-

ington, resident in the city, or any three of them, to

preside as judges of election, with such associates as

the council may from time to time appoint. Wectionq when See. 3. And be it further enacted, That the first
held.
election of members of the City Council, shall be

held' on the first Monday in June next, and in every

year afterwards, at such place in .each ward as the

judges of the election may prescribe.

dode oleooducti-g it.

Secc;.44. Anndp be itt further eeantadcted, That the~ polls

shall be kept'open from eight o'clock in the morning,

till seven o'clock in the evening, and no longer, for

the reception of ballots. On the closing of the poll,

the judges shall close and seal their ballot boxes, and

meet on the day following, in the presence of the

Marshal of the District, on the first election, and the

council afterwards, when the seals shall be broken,

and the votes counted within three days after such

election, they shall give notice to the persons having

the greatest number of legal votes, that they are duly

elected, and fihall wake their return to.the Mayor of

the city.

OF THE- UNITED -STATES.

Sec. 5. And be. it. further enacted, That .the 1821.

1layor of the city shall be appointed, annually by -the Cohons

·President of the United States.; he-must:be-a citizen V.

of the United States, and a resident.of the city prior Maybrt! t e

~City;

whan ap-

to his appointment.

Pited, &p.

See. 6.. And be.it further enacted, That .the.Ciotyr civ co11,it, Council shall hold their sessions in the City Hall,

until silich building. is ere cted, in such place as the

Mayor may p~rovide.for that purpose, on the second Monday in June, jn each year, .but the' Mayor may

-convenie them oftener, if the public gpod require

their.deliberations; three fourths of the members of

each Council;- may be a quorum to-do business, but

a smaller number may adjourn from day to .day.

they may compel -the attendance of absent members

in such manner, .and under such penaltieS, as they

may, by ordinance,.provide they shall. appoint their

respective Pxesidents, .who shall preside during their

sessions, and. phall yote -ouall -questions where there

is an equal division., they shall settle their rules.of.

proceedings, appoint. their, own officers, .regulate

their respective fees, and remove ther at pleasure.

they shall judge oftJie elections) returns, and qualifi-.

catioqs of.their ownmembers, and.may, with the con-

currence .of three-fourths of the whole, expel any

member.for disorderly behaviour or malconduct in.

offices but not a second time for the same offence:

they shall keep a journal. of their .proceedings- and'

enter-the.yeas and nays on any question, resolve or

ordinance, at the request, of any member, and their

deliberations shall be public. The -Mayor shall ap-

pdintto all offices. under the Corporation. All ordi-

?.72

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. nances or acts passed by the. City Council, shall be

Cohens Ssent to the Mayor for his approbation, and when apV. proved by him, shall then be obligatory as such. But,
Virgma. if the said Mayor shall not approve of such ordi-

nance or act, he shall return the same within five days, with his reasons in writing therefor, and if three-fourths of both branches Jf the City Council,

on reconsideration thereof, approve of the same, it

shall be in force in like manner as if he had approved

it, unless the City Council, by their adjournment,

prevent its return.

Powers of the
Corporation

Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Cor-

prescribed. poration aforesaid shall have full power and authority

to pass all by-laws and ordinances to prevent and

remove nuisances , to prevent the introduction of

contagious diseases within the City, to establish

night watches or patroles, and erect lhmps , to regu-

late the stationing, anchorage, and mooring of vessels , to provide for licensing and regulating auc-

tions, retailers of liquors, hackney carriages, waggons,

carts and drays, and pawn-brokers within the city,

to restrain or prohibit gambling, and to provide tor

licensing, regulating, or restraining theatrical or

other public amusements within the City, to regulate and establish markets, to erect and repair

bridges, to keep in repair all necessary streets, ave-

nues, drains and sewers, and to pass regulations ne-

cessary for the preservation of the same, agreeably

to the plan of the said City ; to provide for the safe

keeping -of the standard of weights and measures

fxed by Congress, and for the regulation of all weights and measures used. in the City ; to provide

OF THE UNITED STATES.

273

for the licensing and regulating the sweepiing of 1821.

chimneys, and fixing the rates thereof to establish and regulate fire wards and fire companies, to regulate and establish the size of bricks that are to be

"jh'e V.

made and used in the City ; to sink wells, and erect

and repair pumps in the streets,, to impose and ap-

propriate fines, penalties and forfeitures for breach

of their ordinances; 'to lay and collect taxes, to

enact by-laws for the prevention and extinguishment

of fires ; and to pass all ordinances necessary to

give effect and operation to all the powers vested in

the Cor-, oration of the City of Washington: Provi-

ded, That the by-laws, or ordinances of the said

Corporation, shall be in no wise obligatory upon the

persons of non-residents of the said City, unless in

cases of intentional violation of the by-laws or ordi-

nances previously promulgated. All the fines, pe-

nalties and'forfeitures imposed' by the Corporation

of the City of Washington, if not exceeding.twenty

dollars, shall-be recovered before a single magistrate,

as small debts are by law recoverable ; and if such

flkes, penalties and forfeitures, exceed the sum of

twenty dollars, the same shall be recovered by actioli

of debt, in the District Court of Columbia, for the

County of Washington, in the name of the Corpo-

ration, and for the use of the City of Washington.

See. 8. And be it further enacted, That 'the per- Taxesmwecl. son or persons appointed to collect any tax imposed lcd.

in virtue of the powers granted by this Act, shall have

authority to collect the same, by distress and sale of

the goods and chattels of the person chargeable

therewith; no sale shall be made, unless ten days

VOL. VL

35

274

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. previous notice thereof be given, no law -shall be Cohens Spassed by the City Council subjecting, vacant or un,
V. improved city lots, or parts of lots, to be sold for, Virginia. taxes.
vide fopo. See. 9. And be it further enacted, That the City poor, &c. Council shall provide for the support of the poor, in-
firm and diseased of the City. Rate of tax. Sec. 10. Provided always, and be it further enact-
ed, That no tax shall be imposed by the City. Council on real property in the said City, at any higher rate than three quarters of one per centum, on the assessment valuation of such property.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in force for two years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the end of the next session of Congress thereafter, and no longer.

And another act, on the 2.3d day of February, 1804, entitled " An Act supplementary to an Act, entitled, an Act to incorporate the inhabitants of the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia."
"Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assembled,'That the Act, entitled, .an Act to-incorporate the inhabitants of the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, except so much of the same as is consistent with the provisions of this Act, be, and the same is hereby continued in. force, for and during the term of fifteen years from the end of the next session of Congress.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Coun-
cil of the City of Washington, from and after the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
period for which the members of the present Council have been elected, shall consist of two chambers, each of which shall be composed of nine members, to be chosen by distinct ballots, according to the directio's of the Act to which this is a supplement, a majority of each chamber shall constitute a quorum to do business. In case vacancies shall occur in the Council, the chamber in which the same may happen, shall supply the same by an election by ballot, from the three persons next highest on the list to those elected at the preceding election, and a majority of the whole number of the chamber in which such vacancy may happen, shall be necessary to make an election.
See. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Council shall have power to establish and regulate the inspection of flour, tobacco, and salted provisions, the gauging of casks and liquors, the storage of guMpowder, and all naval and military stares, not the property of the United States, to regulate the weight and quality of bread, to tax and license hawkers and peddlers, to restrain or prohibit tippling houses, lotteries, and all kinds of gaming, to superintend the health of the City, to preserve the navigation of the Potomac and Anacostia-rvers adjoining the City, to erect, repair, and regulate public wharves, and to deepen docks and basins, to provide for the establishment and superintendence of public schools, to license and regulate, exclusively, hackney coaches, ordinary keepers, retailers and ferries, to provide for the appointment of inspectors, constables, and such other officers as may be necessary to execute the

275
1s21.
Co'hens v.
Virginia.

276

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. laws of the Corporation, and to give such compensa-

Cohens
V. Virgma.

tion to the Mayor of the City as they may deem fit. Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Levy
Court of the county of Washington shall not here-

after possess the power of imposing any tax on the

inhabitants of the City of Washington."

That the Congress of the United States, on the

4th day of May, in the year of our Lord 1812,

enacted another statute, entitled, An Act further to

amend the Charter of the City of Washington. Cthoerpaorfaytibnhowof "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Re,W 5o9o presentatives of. the United States of America

in Congress assembled, That from and after the first Monday in June next, the Corporation of the Cil i of Washington shall be composed of a Mayor, a Board of Aldermen, and a Board of Common Council, to be elected by ballot, as hereafter directed, the Board of Aldermen shall consist of eight members, to be elected for two years, two to be residents of, and chosen from, each ward, by the qualified voters therein, and the Board of Common Council shall consist of twelve members, to be elected for one year, three to be residents of, and chosen from, each ward, in manner aforesaid: and each board shall meet at the Council Chamber on the second Monday in June next, (for the despatch of business,) at ten o'clock in the morning, and on the same day, and-at the same hour, annually, thereafter. A majority of each board shall be necessary to form a quorum to do business, but a less number may adjourn from day to day. The B~a-d of Aldermen, immediately after they shall

OF THE UNITED STATES.

277

have assembled in consequence of the first election, shall divide themselves by lot into two classes; the seats of the first class shall be vacated at the expiration of one year, and the seats of the second class shall be vacated at the expiration of two years, so that one half may be chosen every year. Each board shall appoint its own President from among its own members, who shall preside -during the sessions of the board, and shall have a casting vote on
all questions where there is an equal division; provided such equality shall not have been occasioned
by his previous vote.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be eligible to a seat in the Board of Aldermen or Board of Common Council, unless he shall be more than twenty-five years of age, a free white male citizen of the United States, and shall have been a resident of the City of Washington one whole year next preceding the day of the election ; and shall, at the time of his election, be a resident of the ward for vhich he shall be elected, and possessed of a freehold estate in the said City of Washington, and shall have been assessed two months preceding the
day of election. And every free white male citizen of lawful age, who shall have resided in the City of Washington for the space of one year next preceding the day of election, and shall be a resident of the
ward in which he shall offer to vote, and who shall have been assessed on the books of the Corporation, not less than two months prior to the day of election, shall be qualified to vote for members to serve in the said Board of Aldermen and Board of Common

1821. Cohens
v. Virgma.
Proyiso.
tueet,
Andelectorg.

278

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1521. Council, and no other person whatever shall exercise

Cohiens
Virgvin. ia.
Present Mavor to be conttinued in office, &c.

the right of suffrage at such election. Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the pre-
sent Mayor of the City of Washington shall be, and continue such, until the second Monday i June next on which day, and on the second Monday in June annually thereafter, the Mayor of the said City

shall be elected by ballot of the Board of Aldermen

and Board of Common Council, in joint meeting,

and a majority of the votes of all the members of

both boards shall be necessary to a choice, and if there should be an equality of votes between two

persons after the third ballot, the two houses-shall

determine by lot. He shall, before he enters upon

the duties of his office, take an oath or affirmation in the presence of both boards, "9lawfully to execute

the duties of his office to the best of his skill and

judgment, without favour or partiality." He shall, His duties, &c. ex officto, have, and exercise all the powers, autho-

rity, and jurisdiction of a Justice of the Peace, for

the County of Washington, wrthin the said county

He shall nominate, and with the consent of a ma-

jority of the members of the Board of Aldermen, appoint to all offices under the Corporation, (except

the commissioners of elections,) and every such offi-

cer shall be removed from office on the concurrent

remonstrance of a majority of the two boards. He

shall see that the laws of the Corporation be duly executed, and shall report the negligence or miscon-

duct of any officer to the two boards. He shall ap-

point proper persons to fill up all vacancies duriqg the recess of the Board of Aldermen, to hold suc]

OF THE UNITED STATES.

279

appointment until the end of the then ensuing ses- 1821. sion. He shall have power to convene the two Cohens Boards, when, in his opinion, the good of the community may require it, and he shall lay before them, Virginia. from time to time, in writing, such alterations in the laws of the Corporation as he shall deem necessary -and .proper, and shall receive for his services annually, a just and reasonable compensation, to be allowed and fixed by the two boards, which shall neither be increased or diminished during the period for which he shall have been elected. Any person Qualifications shall be eligible to the office of Mayor, who is a free of Alayor,.&. white male citizen of the United States, who-shall have attained to the age of thirty years, and who shall be a bonafide owner of a freehold estate in the said City, and shall have been a resident in the said City two years immediately preceding his election, and no other person shall be eligible to the said office. In case of the refusal of any person to accept the office of Mayor, upon his election thereto, or of his death, resignation, inability or removal from the City, the said two boards shall elpct another in his place, to serve the remainder of the year.
See. 4. And be it further enacted, That the first moTdiemseosf ealencdelection for members of the Board of Aldermen, and tions, &c. Board of Common Council, shall be held on the first Monday in June next, and on the first Monday in' June annually thereafter. The first election to be held by three commissioners to be appointed in each ward by the Mayor of the City, and at such place in each ward as he may direct; and all subsequent elections shall be held by a like number

280
1821.
Coheus
V.
Virg6ina

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of Commissioners, to be appointed m each ward by the two boards, in joint meeting, which several appointments, except the first, shall be at least ten days previous to the day of each election. And it shall
be the duty of the Mayor for the first election, and of the commissioners for all subsequent elections, to give at least five days public notice of the place in each ward where such elections are to be held. The said commissioners shall, before they receive any ballot, severally take the following oath or affirmation, to be administered by the Mayor of the City, or any Justice of the Peace for the county of Washington - "I, A. B..do solemnly swear or affirm, (as the case may be) that I will truly and faithfully receive, and return the votes of such persons as are by law entitled to vote for members of the Board of Aldermen, and Board of Common Council, in ward No.-, according to the best of my judgment and understanding, and that I will not, knowingly, receive or return the vote of any person who is not legally entitled to the same, so help me God." The polls shall be opened at ten o'clock in the morning, and be closed at seven o'clock in the evening, of the same day. Immediately on closing the polls, the commissioners of each ward, or a majority of them, shall count the ballots, and make out under their hands and seals a correct return of the two persons for the first election, and of.the one person for all subsequent elections, having the greatest number of legal votes, together with the number of votes given to each, as members of the Board of Aldermen and of the three persons having the greatest number of legal

OF THE UNITED STATES.

votes, together with the number of votes given to

each, as Members of the Board of Common Coun-

eil. And the two persons at the first election, and the one person at all subsequent elections, having

the greatest number of legal votes for the Board of

Aldermen , and the three persons having the great-

est number of legal votes for the Board of Common

Council, shall be duly elected , and in all cases of an

equality of votes, the commissioners shall decide by

lot. The said returns shall be delivered to the Mayor

of the City, on the succeeding day, who shall cause

the same to be published in some news-paper printed

in the city of Washington. A duplicate return, to-

gether with a list of the persons who voted at such

election, shall also be made.by the said commission-

ers, to the Register of the City, on the day succeed-

ing the election, who shall preserve and record the

same, and shall, within two days thereafter, notify

the several persons so returned, of *their election ;

and each board shall judge of the legality of the

elections, returns and qualifications of its own mem-

bers, and shall supply vacancies in its own body, by

causing elections to be made to fill the same, in the

ward, and for the Board in which such vacancies

shall happen; giving at least five days notice previous

thereto; and each Board shall have full power to

pass all rules necessary and requisite to enable itself

to come to a just decision in cases of a contested

election of its own members" and the several mem-

bers of each Board shall, before entering upon the

duties of their office, take the following oath or af-

Vor. VI

36

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgana.

282

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. firmation "I do swear, (or solemnly, sincerely, and

Cohiens
v. Virginia.

truly affirm and declare, as the case may be,) that I

will faithfully execute the office of

to the

best of my knowledge and ability," which oath or af-

firmation shall be administered by the Mayor, or

some Justice of the Peace, for the county of Wash-

ington.

Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That in

addition to the powers heretofore granted to the

Corporation of the City of Washington, by an act,

entitled, " An Act to incorporate the inhabitants

of the City of Washington, in the District of

Columbia," and an act. entitled, "An Act, sup-

plementary to an act, entitled, an act to incorpo-

rate the inhabitants of the City of Washington,

in the District of Columbia," the said Corporation

shall have power to lay taxes on particular wards, parts, or sections of the City, for their particular lo-

cal improvements.

,APr- n-t That after providing for all objects of a general pendLukres. nature, the taxes raised on the assessible property in

each ward, shall be expended therein, and in no

other, in regulating, filling up and repairing of

streets and avenues, building of bridges, sinking of

wells, erecting pumps, and keeping them in repair,

in conveying water in pumps, and in the preserva-

tion of springs , in erecting and repairing wharves ,

in providing fire engines and other apparatus for the

extinction of fires, and for other local improvements

and purposes, in such manner as the said Board of

support of the Aldermen and Board of Common Council shall pro-
roorto he a ge-
m cha. vide, but the sums raised for the support of the poor.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

283

aged and infirm, shall be a charge on each ward in 1821. proportion to its population or taxation, as the two ' Boards shall decide. That whenever the propne- v. tors of two thirds of the inhabited houses, fronting. Virginia. on both sides of a street, ok part of a street, shall by petition to the two branches, express the desire of improving the same, by laying the kirbstone of the foot pavement, and lpaving the gutters or carrage way thereof, or otherwise improving said street, agreeably to its graduation, the said Corporation shall have power to cause to be done at any expense, not exceeding two dollars and fifty cents per front foot, of the lots. fronting on such improved street or part of a street, and charge the same to the owners of the lots fronting on said street, or part of a street, in due proportion , and also on a like petition to provide for erecting lamps for lighting any street or part of a street, and to defray the expense thereof by a tax on the proprietors or inhabitants of such houses, in proportion to their rental or valuation, as the two Boards shall decide.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the said Powersof the Corporation shall have full power ant authority to Corporation. erect and establish hospitals or pest houses, work houses, houses of correction, penitentiary, and other public buildings for the use of the City, -and to lay and collect taxes for the defraying the expenses thereof, to regulate party and other fences, and to determine by whom the same shall be made and kept-in -repair , to lay open streets, avenues, lanes and alleys, and to regulate or prohibit all inclbsures thereof, and to occupy and improve for public purposes, by

284

CASES IN- THE SUPREME COURT

1821. and with the consent of the President of the United Conens SStates, any part of the public and open spaces or
v. squares in said city, not interfering with any priVirginia. vate rihts , to regulate the measurement of, and

weight, by which all articles brought into the city for sale shall be disposed of, to provide for the appointment of appraisers, and measurers of builders' work and materials, and also of wood, coal, grain and lumber, to restrain and prohibit the nightly and other disorderly meetings of slaves, free negroes and mulattoes, and to punish such slaves by whipping, not exceeding forty stripes, or by imprisonment not exceeding six calendar months, for any one offence, and to punish such free negroes and mulattoes for such offences, by fixed penalties, not exceeding twenty dollars for any one offence, and in case of inability of any such free negro or mulatto to pay and satisfy any such penalty and costs thereon, to cause such free negro or mulatto to be confined to labour for such reasonable time, not exceeding six calendar months, for any one offence, as may .bedeemed equivalent to such penalty and costs, to cause all vagrants, idle or disorderly persons, all persons of evil life or ill fame, and all such as have no visible meqns of support, or are likely to become chargeable to the City as paupers, or are found begging'or drunk in or about the streets, or loitering in or about tippling houses, or who can show no reasonable cause of business or employment in the City, and all suspicious persons, and all .who have no fixed place of residence, or cannot give a good account of themselves, all eves-droppers and night walkers, all who

OF THE UNITED STATES.

9-85

are guilty of open profanity, or grossly indecent lan- 1821. guage or behaviour publicly in the streets, all public Ccoehens prostitutes,. and such as lead a notoriously- lewd or V. lascivious course of life, and all such as keep public Vi a. gaming tables, or gaming houses, to give security
for their good behaviour for a reasonable time, and to indemnify the City against any charge for their support, and in case. of their refusal or inability to-give such security,.o cause them to be confined to labour for a limited, time, not-exceeding one year at a time, unless such. security should be sooner given. But if they shall afterwards be found again offending, such security may be again required, and for want thereof- the like proceedings may again be had, from time to time, as often as may be necessary, to prescribe the terms and conditions upon which free negroes and mulattoes, and others who can- show no visible means of support, may reside in the City , to cause tme avenues, streets, lanes and alleys to be kept clean, and to appoint officers for that purpose. To authorize the drawing ot lotteries for effecting To autborze any important improvement in the City; which the Lotteries, & ordinary funds or revenue thereof will not accomplish. Provided, That the amount to be raised in Proviso. each year, shall not exceed the sum of ten thousand dollars- And provided also, that the object for which Pro,,o. the money is intended to be raised, shall be first submitted to the President of the United States, and shall be approved of by him. To take care, of, preserve and regulate the several burying grounds within the City , to provide for registering of births, deaths and marriages, to cause abstracts or minutes

11-86

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. of~all transfers of real property, both freehold and Cohens Sleasehold, to be lodged in the Registry of the City-
V. at stated periods, to authorize night watches and Virginia. patroles, and the taking up and confining by them,

in the-night time, of all suspected persons, to punish by law corporally any servant or slave- guilty of a

breach of any of their by-laws or ordinances, unless

the. owner or holder of such servant or slave, shall pay the fine annexed to the offence , and to pass all

laws which shall be deemed necessary and proper for carrying into-.execution the foregoing powers, and

all other powers vested in the Corporation, or any of

its officers, eitherby thi act, or any-former act;

Rofcmacdryefiurncasoef
,u,, bona, &c.

-Sec. 7 And be it further enacted, That the Marshal of the District of Columbia shall receive, and safely keep, within the jail for Washington county, at the expense of the City, all persons committed thereto under the sixth section of this act, until other arrangements be made by the Corporation for the confinement of offenders, within the provisions of the said -section, and in all cases where suit shall be brought before a Justice of the Peace, for the reco-

very of any fine or penalty arising or incurred -for a

breach of any-by-law or ordinance of the Corporalion, upon a return of " nufla bona" to any fiernfaczas issued against the property of the defendant or

defendants, it shall be the duty of the Clerk of the Circuit Court for the County of Washington, when

required, to issue a writ of capzas ad satisfactendum against every such defendant, returnable to the next Circuit Court for the County of Washington there-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

287

after, and which shall b- proceeded on as in other i82f.

writs of the like kind.

Cohens

Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That unim- v.

proved lots in the City of Washington, on which two Virginia.

Unimprovea

years taxes remain

due and

unpaid,

or so much lotsmaybesold
for the papnent

thereof as may be necessary to pay such taxes, may of taxes, &c.

be sold at public sale for such taxes due thereon--

Provided, that public notice be given of the time and Prov.so.

place of sale, by advertising in some newspaper print-

ed in the City of Washington, at least six months,

where the pioperty belongs to persons residing out of

the United States, three months where the property

belongs to persons residing in the United States,

but without the limits of the District of Colum-

bia , and six weeks where the property belongs to

persons residing within the District of Columbia or

City of Washington, in which notice shall be stated

the number of the lot or lots, the number of the

square or squares, the name of the person or persons

to whom the same may have been assessed, and also

the amount of taxes due thereon And provided,

also, that the purchaser shall not be obliged to pay

at the time of such sale, more than the taxes due,

and the expenses of sale, and that, if within two

years from the day of such sale, the proprietor or

proprietors of such lot or lots, or his or their heirs,

representatives, or agents, shall repay to such pur-

chaser the moneys paid fo" the taxes and expenses

as aforesaid, together with ten per centum per an-

num as interest thereon, or make a tender of the

same, he shall be reinstated in his original right and

tile, but if no such payment or tender be made

2,88

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' Cohens
V.
Virginia.

within two years next after the said sale, then the purchaser shall pay the balance of the purchase mo-
ney of such lot or lots into the City Treasury, where it shall remain subject to the order of the original pro-

prietor or proprietors, his or their heirs, or legal re-

presentatives, and the purchaser shall receive a title

in fee simple to the said lot or lots, under the hand of the Mayor, and seal of the Corporation, which

shall be deemed good and valid in law and equity Style of the See. 9. And be it furthei\enacted, That the said orporation. Corporation shall, in future, be named and styled,

" The Mhyor, Aldermen, and Common Council of

the City of Washington ;" and that if there shall

have been a non-election or informality of a City Council, on the first Monday in June last, it shall

not be taken, construed, or adjudged, in any manner,

to have operated as a dissolution of the said Corpo-

ration, or to affect any of its rights, privileges, or

laws passed previous to the second Monday in June

last, but the -same are hereby declared to exist in

full force.

cCaourspeorwaatirodns too Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the Corbe locatedwith poration shall, from time to time, cause the several

a view to elec-

tion,.

wards of the City to be so located, as to give, as

nearly as may be, an equal number of votes to each ward, and it shall be the duty of the Register of the City, or such officer as the Corporation may here-

after appoint, to furnish the commissioners of election

for each ward, on the first Monday in June, annually, previous to the opening of the polls, a list of the

persons having a right to vote, agreeably to the pro-

visions of the second section of this act.

OF THE VNITED STATES.

289

Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, -Thatso much of any former act as shall be repugnant to the provisions of this act, be, and the same is hereby repealed.
Which statutes are still in force and unrepealed.

1821.
Cohens
v. Virginia.
Part ofa former act repeale.

That the lottery, denominated the National Lottery, before mentioned, the ticket of which was sold by

the defendants-as aforesaid, was duly created by the said Corporation of Washington, and. the drawing thereof, and the sale of the said ticket, was duly authorized by the said Corporation, for the objects and purposes, and in the mode directed by the said statute of the Congress of the United States. If, upon this case, the Court shall be of opinion, that the acts of Congress before mentioned were valid. 4nd on the true construction of these acts the lQttery ticket sold by, the said defendants as aforesaid, might lawfully

be sold within the State of Virginia, notwithstand-
ing the act or statute of the General Assembly of Virginia prohibiting such sale, then judgment to be

entered for the defendints. But if the Court.should

be of opinion, that the statute or act of the General Assembly of the State of Virginia, prohibiting such sale, is valid, notwithstanding the said acts of Congress, then judgment to be entered, that the defendants are guilty, and that the Commonwealth recover against them one hundred dollars and costs.

TArLoR,for defendants.

And

thereupon

the matters

of law

arising

upon

the

Jtehent of
Court.

said case agreed being argued, it seems to the Court

here, that the law is for the Commonwealth, and

VOL, VI.

37

290

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. V.
Virginia.
Mapopteiaoln. for an
Costs,

that the defendants are guilty in manner and form, as in the information against them is alleged, and they do assess their fine to one hundred dollars besides the costs. Therefore, it is considered by the
Court, that the Commonwealth recover against the said defendants, to the use of the President and Directors of the Literary Fund, one hundred dollars,
the fine by the Court aforesaid, in manner aforesaid assessed, and the costs of this prosecution , and the said defendants may be taken, &c.
From which judgment the defendants, by their counsel, prayed an a'ppeal to the next Superior Court
of law of Norfolk county, which was refused by the Court, inasmuch as cases of this sort are not subject to revision b i any other Court of the Commonwealth. Commonwealth's costs, $1 50 cents.

Febmary181h.

Mr. Barbour, for the defendant in error, moved to dismiss the writ of error in ihis case, and stated three grounds upon which he should insist that the Court had not jurisdiction- (1.) Because of the subject matter of the controversy, without reference to the parties. (2.) That considering the character
of one of the parties, if the Court could havejurisdiction at all, it must be orzgnal, and not appellate. (3.) And, finally, that it can take neither original nor appellate jurisdiction.
1. As to the first point" it is conceded by all, that the Federal Government is one of limited powers. This distinguishing trait equally characterises all its departments, it is with the judicial department only, that the present incjuiry is connected. It is in the

OF THE UNITED STATE.

2d section of the 3d article of the constitution, that
we find an enumeration, of the objects to which the judicial power of the Union extends. That part of it which relates to the present discussion, .declares, that "Ithe judicial power shall extend to all cases in law
and equity, arising under this constitution, the laws of the United. tates,andtreatiesmade, or which shall &emade, undertheir authority." It is not.pretended, that any treaty has any sort of relation to the present case: before, then, this Court can take junsdiction, it. must be shown- that this is a case arising either under the constitution, or a law of the United States. I shall endeavoulr to prove, that it does not belong to either description. These two classes of cases are"obviously put in contradistinction to each other, and there will be-no difficulty in showing to :the Court the difference in their character. The
constitution contains two different kinds of provisions; the one, (if I may use the expression,) self
executed, or capable of self execution; the other, only executory, and requiring legislative enactment to give them operation ; thus, the 21 section of the 4th article, which declares, that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled to all privileges and.m.munities of citizens in the several States ;" the 10th section of the 1st article, which prohibits any State from making any thing but gold and silver coin, a tender in payment of debts; from passing.any law "impairing the obligation of contracts ;" and thq prohibition to Congress, in the 9th section, and to the States in the 10th section of the same article, to pass Itany bill of attainder, or ex post facto law,"

1821.
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

292
1821.
Cohieus
V.
Virgina.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
are all examples of the self-executed provisions of the constitution by which, I mean to say, that the constitution, in these instances, is, per se, operative, without the.aid of legislation. On the contrary, the
various provisions of-the 8th section of the same article, such, for example, "as the power to establish an uniform system of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcy," are executory only , that is, without an -act., of legislation, they have no operative effect..
The cases, then, arising under -the constitution, al. those which arise under its self-executed provisions ; and those arising under the laws of -the United Stat s, are those which occur under some law, passed in virtue of the executory provisions of the constituton. If this idea be correct, then this is not a case arising under the constitution:,, and it does not correspond with the other part of the description, that is, it does not arise under a law of the United States. In the first place, this Court, in the case of Hepburn v Elzy'a decided, that the District of Columbia was not a State, within the meaning of the constitution, and that, therefore, a citizen of that District could not sustain an action against a citizen of Virginia, in the Circuit Court of that State. Now, it would sound curiously, to call a law passed for a District, not itself exalted to the dignity of a State, a law of the United States. It would seem more strange to call a law passed by the Corporation of Washington, for the local purposes of Washington,

a ,2 Cranch, 445.

OFTHE UNITED STATES.

WS3

a law of the United States, and yet such is the character of the law under which this case arises , for the act of Congress did not itself create the lottery, but authorized the Corporation of Washingtodi to do it.
As to this sub-legislation, legislative power is a trust which cannot be transferred. Delegatus non potest delegare. If .this can be exercised by substitution, other legislative powers can also. I would then inquire, whether in execution of the power "to lay and collect taxes" (Ito declare war," &c. Congress could authorize the State legislatures to do these things. It is a misnomer, to call by the name of a law of the United States, any act passed for the District of Columbia, though enacted by Congress, without calling in the aid of a Corporation. .Ihtas been well observed by a former member of this Court, that every citizen in the United States, sustains a two-fold political character, one in relation to the Federal, the other in relation to the State Governments. To put the proposition in other words, it may be stated thus a two-fold system of legislation pervades the United States; the one of which I will call Federal,the other muncipal. The first belongs by the constitution of the United States to Congress, and consists of the powers of war, peace, commerce, negociation, and those general powers, which make up our external relations, together with a few powers of an internal kind, which require uniformity in their operation the second belongs to the States, and consists of whatever is not included in the first, embracing particularly every thing con-

1821.
Cohens
v.
Virgini.

294
1821. Cohnens"
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
nected with the internal police and economy of thb several States. If this system knew no exception m its operation, the present question would never have arisen, for no man would ever dream of calling a

law of Virginia or Maryland, a law of the United States. But there are certain portions of territory within the United States, of which the District of Columbia is one, in which there is no State government to act * in relation to these, Congress, by the constitution, exercises not only federal, but municipal legislation also and as the whole difficulty in this case has arisen out of this blending together of two different kinds of legislative power; so, that difficulty will be removed by a careful attention to the difference in the nature and-character of these powers, and the extent of their operation respectively. Whenever a question arises, whether a law passed bytCongress is a law of the Unitgd States, we have only to inquire whether it is constitutionally passed in execution of any of the federal powers if it be, it is properly a law of the United States, since the federal powers are co-extensive with the limits of the United States, and this, though the particular act, may be confined to certain persons, places or things. Thus, a law establishing federal Courts in-a particular State, is a law of the
United States, for though its immediate operation is upon one State, yet it is in execution of a power co-extensive with the United States , but-if a law, though passed by Congress, be passed in execution of a municipal power, as a law to pave the streets of Washington, then it cannot, in any propriety of lan-

OF tHE UNITED STATES.
guage, be called a law of the United States. It is an axiom in politics, that legislative power has no operation, beyond the territorial limits under its authority. I do not now speak of the doctnne of the lex loc ; of that comity, by which the different States of the civilized world, receive the laws of others, as governing in certain cases of contract, or questions of a civil nature. I speak of the intrinsic energy of the legislative power, its operation per se.
If this principle be true, is there any thing in this case to impair its force P It is admitted on all hands, that this law was passed in virtue of the power given by the constitution to exercise exclusive legislation, over such district, not exceeding ten miles square, as should become the seat of the federal government. If we look into the history of the country, the debates of the Conventions, or the declarations of the Federalist,we shall alike arrive at the conclusion, that this power was given in consequence of an incident which had occurred in PhiladelphiA, and the necessity which thence seemed to result, of Congress deliberating uninterrupted and unawed. The motive, then, for granting this power, would not lead to an extension of it , still less will the terms ; for, they are as restrictive as could by possibility be used. The district shall not exceed ten miles square, and as was argued in the Convention of Virginia, may not exceed one mile' so far from the principle being impaired then, it is greatly strengthened by the language of this provision. See to what consequences we should be led by the doctrine, that because this lottery was authorzed by Congress, therefore. the tick-

296
1821.
Cohens
T. Vi.

M9
1821.
Cohens
v. Virgnia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ets might be sold in any State, against its laws, with nimpunity. The same charter authorizes the Corporation of Washington to grant licenses to auctioneers and retailers of spirituous liquors now, upon the doctrines contended for, what will hinder the Corporation from granting licenses to persops, to vend goods and liquors in Virginia, by a Corporation license, contrary to the laws of Virginia P and thus, greatly impair the revenue which the State raises from these licenses, as it is said, that a saleable quality is of the essence, and constitutes the only value of a lottery ticket, and that therefore it is not competent to anv State to abridge the value of that, which was rightfully created by the Legislature of the Union Would not the same reasoning justify the holders of these Corporation licenses, equally to trample upon the laws of the State, lest, for want of a market, their merchandise and liquors might not be sold, and thus the value of their license diminished. These are cases, in which the revenue of a State would be impaired, as well as the laws for the protection of its morals. Such is the law of Virginia, prohibiting 'the use of billiard tables. If Congress should authorise licenses to be issued, by the Corporation of Washington, for using them, and if this law have an.operation beyond the territorial limits of the District, then has Virginia lost all power of regulating the conduct of her own citizens.
The solution of the whole difficulty lies in this: That though the laws of Congress, when passed in execution of a federal- power, extend over the Union, and being laws of the United States, are a part of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the supreme law of the land: yet, a law passed like

the one in question, in execution of the power ofmu-

nicipal legislation, extends only so far, as the power under which it was passed-that is, to the boun-

daries of the District, that, therefore, it is no law of

the United States, and consequently not a part of the

supreme law of the land. Nor is there any thing

novel in the idea of two powers residing in the same

body, at the same time, and over the same subject,

of a different kind. The idea is familiarly illustra-

ted by cases of ordinary occurrence in the judiciary.

For the same trespass, an action, or indictment, may

be brought before the same Court, and a different

judgment pronounced, as -one or the other mode is

pursued. So the same Co.ort has frequently common

law and chancery jurisdiction, and pronounces a dif-

ferent judgment in relation to the same subject, as

they are exercising the one or the other jurisdiction.

Let us look further at the consequences of calling

the laws of the District, laws of the United States.

By the sixth article of the Constitution, laws of the

United States made in pursuance of the Constitu-

tion, are declared a part of the supreme law of the

land, and the judges in every State shall be bound

thereby, any thing in the laws of their State to the

contrary notwithstanding. If, then, laws of the

District he laws of the United States, within the

meaning of the constiution, it will follow, that they

may be carried to the extent of an interference with

every department of State legislation, and when-

ever .they shall so interfere, they are to be considered

VOL. VI.

38

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgi a.

298
1821. CCohens
v.
Virgia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of paramount authority Suppose the law of Virginia to declare a deed for land void against a purchaser for valuable consideration, without notice, unless recorded upon the party's acknowledgment, or the
evidence of three witnesses. Suppose a law of the District to dispense with record, or to be satisfied with two witnesses. If one citizen should convey to another citizen of the District, land lying in Virginia, in conformity with the District law, upon the principle now contended for, the party must recover, in the teeth of the law of Virginia. It will be admitted, that a law passed, like the one in question, by one State, might be repelled by another it will, also, be admitted, that if Congress had, (as some think they have a right to do, but in which I do not concur,) established here a local legislature, which had passed the law in question, its effects might have been repelled from the States by penal sanctions.
But if it be said, that as the dominion over the District flows from the same source with every other power possessed by the government of the Union, as it is executed by the same Congress, as it was created for the common good, and for universal purposes, that it must be of equal obligation throughout the Union in its effects, with any power known to the constitution, from whence it is inferred, that the law in question can encounter no geographical impediments, but that its march is through the Union. The answer is, that the federal powers of Congress, in their execution, encounter no geographical impediments, because no limits, short of the boundaries

OF THE UNITED"STATES.

299

of-the Union, are prescribed to them ; but the legislative power over- the District, in-its e'xecution, -does encounter geographical impedimenits, because the limits of the District are distinctly prescribed, as the bound of-its extent, and as aninsurmountable barrier to its further march.
Itmay be said, too, that this case. bears no resemblance to that of, one State repellipg, by penal sanctions, the effects of the laws of another;-'because it is said, one State is no party to the laws of another ; Whereas here, the law is its-own law, as being represented in Congress, and thereby contributing to its passage, and capable in part of effecting its repeal. It will be seen at once, that this principle would prove too much, and, therefore, that it cannot be -a sound one; for if the States are to acquiesce in this instance, because they are represented in Congress, and have, therefore, an agency-in making and repeal-
ing laws, the same reasoning would justify Congress in legislating beyond their delegated powers; for example, prescribing a general course of descents. It is obvious, that they might contribute as much to the passage and repeal of this law, as any other, and yet this ground will not be attempted to be sustained. If, then, they are not bound, because of their representation in Congress, to acquiesce in the assumption of a power not granted, they are surely as
little bound, 'upon that ground, to permit a power, confined- to .ten miles square, to extend its operation with the limits of the United States.
If, then, the law in question is not a law of -the United States, in the sense of that expression in-th-

1821.
Cohenm
v. viribi.

300
1821. Cohens
v. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COU.KT
constitution, this is not a case arising under the law of the United States, and, consequently, the jurisdiction of this Court fails as to the subject matter.
2. My second propostwn is, that if this Court
could entertain jurisdiction of thy case at all, it must ,be orngtnal,and not appellatejurisdiction. This has reference to the character of one of the parties in the present contest. The -constitution,of the United States, after having carved out the whole mass of jurisdiction which it gives to the federal judiciary, and enumerated its several objects, proceeds in the second clause of the second section of the third article to distribute that jurisdiction amongst the several Courts. To the Supreme Court, it gives original jurisdiction in two classes of cases, to wit, " in all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a State shall be a party ;" in all the other cases to which the judicial power of the United States extends, it gives the Supreme Court appellate jurisdiction. This Court, in the case of Marbury v. Madison,a thus expresses itself in relation to this clause of the constitution : " If Congress remains at liberty to give this Court appellate jurisdiction, where the constitution has declared their jurisdiction shall be original, and original jurisdiction, where the constitution has declared their jurisdiction shall be appellate, the distribution of jurisdiction made in the constitution, is form without substance." Again, the Court says, "the
plain import of the words seems to be, that in one

a 1 Cranch, 174.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

301

class of cases, its jurisdiction is original, not appel-
late ; in the other, it is appellate, not original ;" and
accordingly, in that case, which was an application for a mandamus to the then Secretary of State, to issue commissions to certain Justices of the Peace in the District of Columbia, the Court, after distinctly admitting that the parties had a right, yet refused to grant the mandamus, upon the ground, that it would be an exercise of original jurisdiction , that not being one of the cases, in which that kind of jurisdictjon was given them by the constitution, it was not eompetent to Congress to give it.
It appears, then, from the constitution, that where
a State is a party, this Court has original jurisdiction it appears from the opinion of this Court just quoted, that it excludes appellate jurisdiction. But a State is a party to the present case , it is a judgment for a penalty inflicted for the violation of a public law, the prosecution -commenced by a presentment of a grand jury, carried on by an information filed by the attorney for the Commonwealth, and the judgment rendered in the name of the Commonwealth, and the case has come before this Court by a writ of error, which is surely appellate jurisdiction. If, then, when a State is a party, this Court have original jurisdiction, if the grant of original, exclude appellate jurisdiction, if, as in this case, a State be a party, and if the jurisdiction now claimed is clearly appellate, then it follows, as an inevitable conclu-
sion, that in this case this Court cannot take jurisdiction in this way, if they could take it at all.

181.
Cohens
V.
Virgmia.

302

CASES IN THE SUPREME -COURT

1821.
'tuCreohens
V. Virgima.

3. My last proposition is, that consideriag the naof this case, and that a State is a party, the ja-
diciaJ power of the United States does not extend to the case, and that, therefore, this Court cannot take jurisdicton at all. This is a criminal case, both upon-pinciple and authority. A -crime is defined to be,an act committed or omitted in violation of some public law commanding or forbidding -it. The offence in this case is one-of commission. A prosecution in the name of a State, by information, as this has een shown to be, to inflict a punishment upon this offence, is, therefore, a prosecution for a crimein other words,-a criminal case.. Upon authoRity, too, penal action$ are called in the, books criminal actions. -But if it be a criminal case, it is conceded, that the Courts of the United States cannot take original jurisdiction over it-inasmuch as that right fully belongs to the Courts .of the State whose laws have been violated, and that jurisdiction having once rigitfully attached, they have a right to proceed tojigdg!nent.. but if they have no original junisdicqI have shown,- the discussion of the second

piut, that they cannot, have-appellate jurisdiction,
and it consequently follows, that they, cannot have jurisdiction at all.
I will now endeavo.ur to show- from general principles, in-conuection with the -fairconstrumon-of the third article of the -.costitution, that without reference. to the-particular-rharacter of the case, whetier as crimina, or.civil, :the judicial. power. of the 1Jnivd States does i&tv vxtend to t,-on account of the -character of one of the parties, m other words,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

because one of the parties is a State. It is an axiom 1921.

in politics, that a sovereign and independent State is not liable. to the suit of any individual, nor amenable to any judicial powei, without its own consentv All

Cohens
v. viir.a.

the States of this Union were sovereign and inde-

pendent, before they became parties to. the. federal

compact:. hence, I infer, that the judicial power of

the United States would not have extended to the-

States, if it bad not been so extended to them, eo

nomme,upon the face of the constitution.. But if it

can reachjjiem only because it is expressly gven in

relation to them, then it can only reach them to the

extent to which it is given. By the original text of

the constitution, the -judicial power of the I1nion.

was extended to the following cases, in which States

were parties, to witr- to controversies between two

or.more-States, betwveena. -State -and titizens of ali-

other-State andbetween. aS:tate and -foreignStates ,

utikens, and subjects. The case of a contest -be-

tween a State and one-of its own citizens, is not in-

eluded in this enumeration ; and, consequently,-if

the principle which I have advanced be a sound one,

theJudicial power of the United States does not ex-

tend -to,it; -butthe uniform decision of this Court

has been, that if a party claim to be a citizen of an-

other State, it must appear upon tne record. As

that does not appear upon the record in this case, I

am authorized to say, that the plaintiffs in error are

citizens of Virginia then it is the simple case of a

contest between a'State and one of its own citizens,

which does not fall-within -thepale of federal judicial'

power.

30-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'

1821.
"
Cohens
v.
Virgina,

It is said, however, that the judicial power is declared by the Constitution, to extend to all cases in law or equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, &c. ;

and that by reason of the expression "4all cases," where the question is once mentioned in the Constitution, the federal judicial power attaches upon the case on account of the subject matter, without reference to the parties. Notwithstanding the latitude of this expression, it will be seen upon inquiry, that in the nature of things, there must be some limitation-imposed upon this provision, which the gentlemen seem to consider unlimited. In the first place there are questions arising, or which might arise under the Constitution, which the forms of the Constitution do not submit to judicial cognizance. Suppose, for example, a State were to grant a title of nobility, how could that be brought before a judicial tribunal, so as to render any effectual judgment If it were an office of profit, it might, perhaps, be said, an information in the nature of a quo warranto would lie, but I ask whether that would lie, in the case which I have stated, or whether an effectual judg-
ment could be rendered P It is a title, a name which would still remain, after your judgment had uenounced it as unconstitutional. Where a. quo warranto lies, in relation to an office, the judgment of ouster is followed by practical and effectual consequences. Again, suppose a State should keep troops or ships of war, in time of peace, or should engage in war, when neither actually invaded, nor in imminent dan-
ger. Here would be alarming violations of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

505

constitution, assailing too directly the federal pow-

ers, it would be a most serious question arising under the constitution, and yet clearly such a case as this does not belong to the judicial tribunal.
If it be said that the opposite counsel mean all cases in their nature of a judicial character, still I shall be able to show, that broad as this expression is,

it does not reach all these. Itwill be remembered by the Court, that the words are, not all questions, but all cases. Although, therefore, a queston may arise, yet before there can be a case, there must be parties over ywhom the Court can take jurisdiction;

and if there be no such parties, the Court cannot act upon the subject, though the question may arise, though it may be clearly of a judicial nature, and though there may be the clearest violation of the constitution. By the 11th article of the amend-

ments to the constitution, it is declared, that ",the judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States, by citizens of another State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign State." Now, suppose that a State should, without the consent of Congress, lay a

duty on tonnage, which should be paid by a citizen of another State, suppose, too, that a State should cause the lands of a British subject to be escheated, contrary to the ninth article of the treaty of 1794, upon the ground of alienage; or debts due to a British subject from individuals of the United States, or money or shares belonging to him, in the public funds or banks, to be confiscated, contrary to the

VOL. Vi

39

1821. "Cohen$
V.

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgina

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tenth article of the same treaty, and d'posiftlte proceeds in the public chest It will be agreed on all hands, that the first is a palpable violation of the federal constitution, and the two others as palpable
violations -of the solemn stipulations of a.treaty ; and that, therefore, the first presents a -question arising under the-constitution, and the others one arising under a treaty , yet, will any-nian contend that the citizen of another State, in the first case, or the subject of the foreign State, in the others, could briag the offending State before the federal Court, for'the purpose of redressing their -several-wrongs P It -will not be pretended, and why not P for the reason which I have given, that one of the parties in the cases supposed being a State, and the amendment referred to having declared, that a State should not be amenable to the suit of a citizen of another State. or the subject of a foreign State, although the questions have arisen, the cases have not, that is, the -Court cannot take judicial cognizance of the questions, because it cannot bring one of the parties interested in litigating it before them. Let us now suppose, that a State should collect a tonnage duty from one of its own citizens, could that citrzen bring his own State before a federal Court P The words of the 11 th amendment apply to the case of a citizen of another State, or the citizen or subject of a foreign-State, but the reason is, that it was only to them that the privilege of being parties in a controversy with a State, had been extended'in the text of the constitution. It was only from them, therefore, that it was necessary to take away that privilege,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
but, when from those to whom a privilege had been given, that privilege had been taken away, they surely then occupy the same ground, with those to whom it had never been given. When .1speak here of the right of these persons under the constitution of suing a State, I speak of the interpretation of this Court, particularly in the case of CAzsIolm's exits, v. Georgza, in which the Court decided, that a State might be made a party defendant. It was that decasion which produced the 1Ith amendment. If I am right in the idea, that since that amendment, no matter what the character of the question, this Court could not take jurisdiction in favour of the citizen of another State, or subject of a foreign State, against a State as defendant, it is equally true, that without the aid of that amendment, it never could take jurisdiction in favour of a citizen against his own State, because that is.-not one of the cases, in which the federal judicial power extends to States, and .because in. this case, as in the others, although a qiestwn.has. arisen under the constitution, &c. a case has not arisen, inasmuch as you cannot bring one of the parties before you. That the constitution never cofitemplated giving jurisdiction to the federal Courts in cases between a State and its own citizens, will a . pear manifestly, from the only reason assigned for giving it in favour of the citizens of other States, or foreign citizens.. That reason was an insufficient one, even for the purpose for which it was assigned, it being, that as against foreigners and the citizens, of other States, State Courts might not be impartial where their States were parties- but such as it is, it

307
18e.
Coh' ens V.
Virgihla.

308
1821.
""
Cohens
v. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
never could apply as between a State and its own citizens, whom they were under every moral and political obligation to protect, and towards whom, therefore, there could be no apprehension of a want of
impartiality Upon a full view of this aspect of the subject, the
fair construction of the constitution will be found to be this-that in carving out the general mass-of jurisdiction, it had reference only to the natural and habiwtual parties to controversies, who are either natural persons, or Corporations, short of political societies, not to States, that in relation to these, they could not have been made parties at all, but by express prov-ion, and that, therefore, the extent to which the, can be so made, is limited by the extent of that provision. It will be conceded, that the United States cannot be sued and why P Because it is incompatible with their sovereignty. The States, before the adoption of the federal constitution, were also sovereign, and the same principle applies, unless it can be shown that they have surrendered this attribute of sovereignty, which I have endeavotfred to show they have not.
Upon my construction, there is consistency throughout the constitution. According to it, a State can never, be subjected, at the suit of any individual, to any judicial tribunal, without its own consent, for it can never be made a party defendant in any case, or by any party, except in the cases between it, and another State, or a foreign State. If it be a party plaintiff, I have already endeavoured to prove that this

OF THE VNITED ,STATES-.
Court could never .take appellate; ut only-original jurisdiction, and that therefore;.as between a State and any individual, that State never coula be placed in the attitude of a defendant, This idea is further sustained by reference to the'history of the country. From that we learn, that the great and radical defect in the first confederacy was, that its powers operated upon political societies.,or States, not upon'individuals. The characteristic difference between that and the present government is that the latter operates upon the..citizens.. Take, for example, the power of t~iatfon, which addresses itself directly to
the people of the United States iq\die shape of an individual demand-instead of a requisition upon the States, for their respective quotas-.
It has been said, that if this doctrine prevail,"the federal government will be prostrated at the feet of the States, and that the various limitations and prohibitions imposed upon the States by- the-constitution, will be a dead letter, upon the face-of that instrument, for the want of'some power to enforce them. Let it be remembered that. the several State legislatures and judiciaries, are all-bound by the solemn obligation of an oath, to support the, federal constitution, that to suppose a State-'legislature capable of wilfully legislating -in violation of that conStitution, if it is to suppose -that it is so lost to the moral sense asto be guilty of perjury, a supposition which, thank God the character of your people forbids us to make, nor can-it be realized,. uhtil weshall have reached a maturity of corru.p'tion, from which I trust we are separated by a long tract of fu-

80W
1821.
Cohens
. Wpm.

310

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
kto
.Cohens
v.
Virginia.

ture time. But if the legislatures could be supposed be so blind to the sacred dictates of conscience
and of duty, as to pass such a law, we have another safeguard in the character of the State judiciaries.

Before effect could be given to it, it must be supposed that the sanctity of the judicial ermine was also polluted. To him, who can for a moment entertain this unjust and injurious apprehension, I have nothing to say, but to ask him to look at the talents, the
virtues, and integrity, which adorn and illustrate the benches of our State Courts, and I will add, that according to the doctrine maintained by this Court, in the case of Hunter v Martin4, the judgments of the State Courts, in questions arising under the constitution, between individuals, would be subject to the appellate juris-
diction of this Court.' But if the States are under limitationsr by the constitution, so also is the federal government. If the State legislatures may be supposed possibly capable of violating that instrument, and the State judiciaries disposed to sustain

a I Wheat. Rep. 305.
b Mr. Barbour observed, in reply, that he wished to be dis-
tinctly understood, as not yielding his assent to the doctrine of
Hunter v Martin. On the contrary, that he decidedly concur.
red with the Court of Appeals of Virginia, that the appellate. jurisdiction of the Supreme Court was in relation to inferior federal Courts, not State Courts. But, as that question had been solemnly decided otherwise by this Court, with the argument of the Court of Appeals of Virgima before them, he
had forborne to discuss it, he had referred to itt however, be-
cause, whilst this Court acted upon the principle of that case, there was a controlling power, on the part of the federal, over
the State iudiciaries, in practical operation.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

311

them in that violation, it may as well be supposed, that the federal legislature may be thus disposed, and the federal judiciary prepared to sustain. them.
Whenever the States shall be determined to destroy the federal government, they will not find it necessary to act, and to act in violation of the constitution. They can quietly and effectually accomplish the purpose by not acting. Upon the State legislatures it depends to appoint the Senators and Presidential electors, or to provide for their election. Let them merely not act in these particulars, the executive department, and part of the legislative, ceases to exist, and the federal government thus perishes by a sin of omission, not of commission. But I will endeavour in another way to show, that whenever the -States shall have reached that point, either of
corruption, or hostility, to the federal government, which they must arrive at before any of the extreme supposed violations of the constitution could occur, the jurisdiction now claimed for this Court would
be utterly inadequate as a remedy. Let us suppose one of the most glaring violations of the constitution
a bill of attainder or expostfhcto law, for example, passed. by a State , and*that the State judiciary proceeds to conviction of the party prosecuted. Let us suppose, that this Court, claiming an appellate jurisdiction, forbids the execution of the party , but the State Court orders itsjudgment to be executed, and
it is executed, by putting to death the prisoner. His life cannot be recalled that is beyond the reach of human power, can you prosecute the judges or the officer for murder P It will not be contended,

1821.
Cohen&
V. Virginia.

1821. Cen Cohens
Virgvin. ia.

CASES IN THE SUPREMTE COURT
Of what avail, then, the' jurisdiction contended for, even for the purpose for which it is claimed P I an-
swer, of none at all.
Mr. Smyth stated, that he should support the motion to dismiss the writ of error granted in this case, for two causes- (1.) Because the constitution gives no jurisdiction to the Court in the case. (2.) Because the judiciary act gives no jurisdiction to the Court in this case.
1. It is a question und.ecided, whether the appellate jurisdiction of this Court, as declared by the constitution, does or does.not extend to this case. If it was in all respects. similar to the case of Hunter v. Mfartm; adjudged in this Court, I should contend, that the constitutional qjiestion of jurisdiction should not be fegarded as settled. In that case, the counsel conceded the constitutional question, and no argument has-been offered to thisCourt in support of the jurisdiction of the State judiciary One of the learned Judges' of this Court said, in that case, when speaking of the claim of power in this Court to exercise appellate jurisdiction over the State tribunals, "this is a momentous question, and one on which I shall reserve myself uncommitted, for each particular ease as it shall occur." And the Court said, that "in several cases,-which have been fbrmerly adjudg-
ed in this Court, the same point was argued by counsel, and expressly overruled." But the case now before the Court, is very different from that of

a I Wheat. Rep. 3015.

b Mr. Justice JoHNso1.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Martin v. Hunter. This is a writ of error to revise

a judgment given in a criminal prosecution, and m a case wherein a State was a party.
The government of the United States being one of

enumerated powers, it is not a sufficient justification

of the authority claimed, to say that there is nothing

in the constitution that prohibits the federal judiciary

to take cognizance, by way of appeal, of cases decid-

ed in the State Courts. All the powers not granted

are retained by the States, judicial power is granted,

but it is federal judicial power that is granted,

and not State judicial power. This grant neither

impairs the authority of the State Courts in suits re-

maining within their jurisdiction, nor makes them

inferior Courts of the United States. The govern-

ment of the United States operates directly upon the

people, and not at all upon the State governments,

or the several branches thereof. The State govern-

ments are not subject to this government. The peo-

ple are subject to both governments. This govern-

ment is in no respect federal in its operation, although it is, in some respects, federal in its organization. Power has, indeed, been vested, by the constitution,

in the State legislatures, to pass certain laws neces-

sary to organize and continue the existence of the

general government, and this power Congress may

in part assume. They may prescribe the time, place,

and manner, of holding elections of representatives,

the time and manner of choosing Senators by the

State legislatures, and the time of choosing electors of a President. This power is expressly given by

VoL. VI.

40

1821.
C . Vima

314
1821. Coheens
v. Virpnia.

CASES. IN THE SUPREME COURT,
the constitution, it was.necessary Congress should. possess it, for self-preservation, and, even in these cases, they have np power to prescribe to the State legislature a legislative act. This government can-
not prescribe an executive act to the executive of a State, a legislative act to the legislature of a State, or (as I contend) a judicial act to the judiciary of a State.
If the constitution dop not cbnfer on thejudiciary of the United States the appellate jurisdiction claimed, it is not enough that the act of Congress may purport to confer it. The framers of thejudiciary act manifested a distrust of their auihority ; they seem to have foreseen that the State Courts would -refuse to give judgment according to the opinions of the Supreme Court. The case decided in the State Court was not a case in law arising.-under the laws of the United -States. It was a prosecution under a law of the State. Should a mandate issue in this case, and, obedience -be refused, this Court will give judgment on a prosecution for violating State laws. If the case decided in the State Court be regarded as a case in which a State was a party, the Supreme Court has, by the constitution, original, and not appellate jurisdiction. The appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court is only conferred in cases Qther thaii those whereof the Supreme Court has original jurisdiction, Who has original jurisdiction of those other cases P The inferior federal Courts. Some of those other cases are those of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, of which, certainly, it was not in-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

- 15

tended that the original jurisdiction should be in the State Courts.
If this writ of error -be considered to be a suit in law, this Court has no jurisdiction for it is prosecuted against a State ; and, by the 11th amendment to the constitution, no suit in- law can be prosecuted by foreigners or citizens of another State against one of the United States. The ajmendment prohibits such suits commenced or prosecuted against a State. This seems expressly to extend to this writ of error, which, although not a suit in-law commenced against a State, is a suit in law prosecuted against a State. This amendment, denying to foreigners and citizens of other States the right to prosecute a suit against a State, and being silent as to citizens of the same State, affords a proof that the federal Courts never had jurisdiction of a suit between a citizen and the State whereof he. is a citizen" for it cannot be presumed, that a right to prosecute a suit against a. State would be taken from a foreigner or citizen of another State, and left to citizens of the same State. A release of all suits is a release of a writ of error a and, consequently, a writ of error is "a suit in law," and cannot be prosecuted against a State.
The-appellate jurisdiction conferred by the constitution on the Supreme Court, is. merely authority to revise the decisions of inferior Courts of the United States. Where the Supreme Court have not drigrnal jurisdiction, they have, by the constitution, appellate jurisdiction as to law and fact Could ithae

182s.
Cohens
.

a Latch. 110. 2 Bar Ab" 497. 1 Roll. .br 188.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i1.
Cohets T.
Virgima.

been intended to confer a power to re-examine decisions in the State Courts, to try again the facts tried in those Courts, and .this even in criminal prosecutions P Surely not;. Appellate jurisdiction sig-
nifies judicial power over the decisions of the inferior tribunals of the same sovereignty. Congress have power to 1constitute" such tribunals, and it is made their duty to " ordain and establish" such. The framers of the constitution intenled to create a new judiciary, to exercise the judicial power of a new government, unconnected with the judiciaries of the several States. Congress isnot authorized to make the Supreme Court, or any other Court of a State, an inferior Court. They do not 1constitute" such a Court; they do not " ordain and establish it." The judges cannot be impeached before the Senate of the United States , they receive no compensation for their services from the United States, and, consequently, cannot be required to render any services to the United, States. The inferior Courts, spoken of in the constitution, are manifestly to be held by federal judges. The judicial power to. be exercised, is the judicial power of the United States; the errors to be corrected are those of thAt judicial -power, and there can be no inferior Courts exercising the judicial power of the United States, other than those constituted, ordained, and established by
Congress. The Supreme Court has appellate jurisdiction in
cases to which the judicial power of the United States shall extend, but unless the original jurisdiction has extended to the case, the appellate juris-

OF THE UNITERD STATES.

diction daunever reach, it. The original jurisdiction alone is qualihedtO lay hold of it. If it shall -be deemed-proper-to extend:the.judicial power to all the cases enumierated, tfie,original jurisdiction must be thus extended. The, Court exercising appellate ju.risdiction, must not only have jurisdiction over such a cause, and such paries, but itm.ust have jurisdiction over the tribunal. before which the cause has been depending. Judicial power, includes.power to
deelde, and. -power to enforce the decision. This Cmrt has rather disclaimed power -to enforce its ,Mandate to the-Supreme Court of a State. Ifyou liavb hot power to compel State tribunals to obey your decisions,. you have no 'appellate jurisdiction Fn cases depending before them. Suppose it should be found necessary to direct a new trial in -a cause removed from a -State Court, and that the State Court refuses to obey your mandate, where shall the new trial be had. P If you have appellate jurisdiction in a-case decided by a State Court, you must have power to-make your decisions a part of the record of the State Court. The Constitution provides that full faith and credit shall be given in each Siate, to thejudicial proceedings of every other State. A plaintiff recovers in the Courts -ofVirginia judgment for a sum of money , you reverse the judgment; but, the State Court does not record your decision, the plaintiff obtains a copy of the record of the judicial proceedings of .the State, and presents them as evidence before the Court of another State ,. he mfst recover, notwithstanding yourjudgment, whki

1821.
-"-Cahens v.
VirginiA.

318
1821. Coe"
v.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
has not been made a part of that record, to which full faith and credit is to be given.
To give jurisdiction over the State Courts, it is not sufficient that the constitution has said that the Supreme Court shall have appellate.jurisdiction, for that will be understood to signify, jurisdiction over inferior federal Courts. To confer the jurisdiction claimed,, the constitution should have said, that the judicial power of the United States shall have appellate jurisdiction over the judicial power of the several States. If it had been intended to give appellate jurisdiction over the State Courts, the proper expressions would have been used. There is not a word in the constitution that goes to set up the federal judiciary above the state judiciary. The statejudicary is not once -named. The subjects spoken of are the judicial power of the United States , the supreme and inferior Courts of the United States. and the original and appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court. Appellate jurisdiction is not granted to the judicial power of the United States. It is .granted to the Supreme Court of the United States. Federal judicial power is authorized to correct the errors of federal judicial power. I contend, that in no case can the federal Courts revise the decisions of the State Courts, no such power is expressly given by the constitution- and can it be believed that it was meant that the greatest, the most consolidating of all the powers of this Government, should pass by ari unnecessary. implication The States have granted to the United States power to pronounce their own-judgmentin-certain cases but they :have not

OF THE UNITED STATES.

319

granted the State Courts to the federal Government, nor power to revise State decisions.
The power of the House of Lords to hear appeals from the highest Court in Scotland, has been mentioned as A precedent for the exercise of such a power as is claimed for this Court ; but the- cases are by-no means similar. Scotland.is consolidated
with England under the same executive and legislature; and, therefore) ought to be subject, in the last resort, to the same judicial tribunal. If the States had no executive except the President, and no legislature except Congress, the cases would have some resemblance.
If you correct the errors of the Courts of Virginia, you either make them Courts of the .United States, or you make the Supreme Court of the United States a part of the judiciary of Virginia. The United States can only pronounce the judgment of the United States. Virginia alone can pronounce the judgment of'Virginia. Consequently, none but a Virginia Court can correct the errors of a Virgir
nia Court. There is nothing in the constitution that"indicates
a design to make the State judiciaries subordinate to the judiciary of the United States. The argument that Congress must establish a Supreme Court, and might have omitted to establish inferior Courts,
thereby deptiving the Supreme Court of its appellate jurisdiction, unless it should be exercised over the State Courts, seems to be without foundation. The judicial power of the -United States is vested in the -Supreme Court, and inferior Courts the judges of

1821.
Cohens
v.
Virgma.

320
1821.
C"ohens
V Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the inferior Courts shall receive a compensatioii. The possibility of Congress omitting to perform a duty positively enjoined on them, cannot change the constitution, or affect the jurisdiction of the State
Courts. The federal judiciary and Statejudiciaries possess
concurrent power in certain cases ; but no authority is conferred on the one to reverse the decisions of the other. The State Courts retain a concurrent authority in cases wherein they had jurisdiction previous to the adoption of the constitution, unless it is taken away by the operation of that Instrument. I say a concurrent authority, not a subordinate authority The power of the judiciary of the United States is either exclusive or concurrent, but not paramount power. And where it is concurrent only, then, whichsoever judiciary gets possession of the case, should proceed to final judgment, from which there should be no appeal. If it shall be established that this Court has appellate jurisdiction over the State Courts in all cases enumerated in the third article of the constitution,. a complete consolidatzon of the States, so far as respects judicial power, is produced, and it is presumed that it was not the intention of the people to consolidate the judicial systems of the States, with that of the United States. It has been said, that the Courts of the United States can revise the proceedings of the executive and legislative authorities of the States, and, if they are found to be contrary to the constitution, may declare them to be of no legal validity, and that the exercise of the same right over judicial tribunals, is not a higher or

OF THE UNITED STATES.
more dangerous act of sovereign power. This conclusion seems to be erroneous. When the federal Courts declare an act of a State legislature unconstitutional, or an act of the State executive unlawful,) they exercise no higher authority than the State Courts exercise, who will not only declare an act of the State legislature, but even an act of Congress, unconstitutional and void. This only proves that the federal and State judiciaries have equally authority to judge of the validity of the acts of the other branches of both governments, and has no tendency whatever -oestablish the claim set up by federal judicial power, offbpremaey over State judicial power.
This writ of error bnffgs up the judgment rendered in a State Court, in a criminal prosecution. Every government must possess within itself, and independently, the power to punish offences against its laws. It would degrade the State governments; and devest them of every pretension to sovereignty, to determine that they cannot punish offences without their decisions being liable to a re-examination, both as to law and fact, (if Congress please,) before the Supreme Court of the United States. The claim set up would make the States dependent for the execution of their criminal codes, upon the federal judicicary. The cases "in which a State shall be a parly" of which the Supreme Court may take cognizanoe, are civil controversies. This- seems obvious; because, to the Supreme Court is granted original jurisdiction of them. And it will not be contended

321
1821.
cohens
v. irx1 ,

Vet. VT.

I Wheat. Rep. -344.
41

322

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohens Cohens
v.
Virginia.

thatthe Supreme Court shall-have original jurisdiction of prosecutions carried on by a State, against those
who violate its laws. If" casesin law and equity, ansing under the laws of the United States," compre-

hend criminal prosecutions in the State Courts, then every prosecution against a citizen of the State, in which he may claim some exemption under an act of Congress or a treaty, however unfounded the claim, may be re-examined, both as to law and fact, (if Congress please,) in the Supreme Court. And if c controversies" include such prosecutions, then every prosecution against an alien, or I citizen of another State, may be so re-examined, whether he claine'such exemption or not. Can this Court bring up a capital case, wherein some exemption under a federal law is claimed by a prisoner in a State
Court Would an appeal lie, (should Congress so direct,) from ajury P It would not, even if the trial was had in a federal Court, for the accused has a
rightto a trial by a jury in the State and district wherein the crime shall be charged to have been committed. In all cases within the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, that jurisdiction may extend to the law and the fact. But such jurisdic-
don, as to the fact, cannot extend to criminal cases ; consequently, it was not intended that the appellate jurisdiction should extend to criminal cases, and, therefore, the Supreme Court have no appellate jurisdiction in criminal cases. Can, then, the Court take jurisdiction in this case, which was a criminal
prosecution, founded on the presentment of a grand jury P Surely they cannot. This case was not a qu.

-OF THE UNITED STATES.

323

tam action) which is regarded as a civil suit. It was, both in form and substance, a criminal prosecution. And it has been declared by a judge of this Court,, that "the Courts of .the United States are vested with no power to scrutinize into the proceedings of the State Courts, in criminal cases.1b
That.which is fixed by the constitution, Congress have no power to change. The jurisdiction of the State Courts"Is fixed by the constitution. It is not a subject for -congressional legislation. The people of Virginia, in adopting the constitution of the United States, had power to diminish the jurisdiction of
'the Statejudiciarjr but Congress have no power over it ;'they can neither diminish nor extend it,. they can neither take from the State tribunals one cause, or give them one to decide. As they cannot inrpose on the. State Courts any duties, so neither can they take from them any powers. Congress can neither add to or diminish the legislative power, the executive power, or the judicial power of'a State,
as fixed by the constitution. Congress may pass all laws necessary and proper to execute that power which is vested by the constitution in the judiciary
of the United States , but this does not sanction a
violation of the authority of the State Courts. None can enlarge or abridge the jurisdiction of the judielary of Virginia, except the people of Virginia, or the legislature of that State. As was the jurisdiction of the State judiciary on the 4th day of March, 1789, so it stands at tis day, unless altered by the

1821.
Cohiens
v. Virginia.

a Cowp. 382.

b 1 Wheat. Rep. 377.

M4
1821. Co" hens
V.
Virg'mw.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
State. If on that day the States retainedjursdiction of most of the. cases enumerated in the third arlicle of the constitution, that.lurisdictioh must have been left to them by- the constitution, and capinot be taken
from them by Congress. The power either of a State legislature or a State judiciary,. cannot depend on the use of, or neglect to. use, a power,.by Con' gress. Such State power is fixed by the constitution, the same to day as to-morrow, however. Con-
gress may legislate. The judicial power of the United -States--is con-
ferred by-the constitution, and Congress cannot add to that power. Congress may distribute -the federal judicial' power among the feddral Courts, so far as the .distribufion has not been made by' the constitution. If the :constitution. does not confer on this Court, or on the federal.judiciary, the power sought to be exercised, it is in vain that the actof Congress purports to confer it. And where the constiution confers -original jurisdiction, (as in cases where a State is a party,).. Congress cannot change it into appellate jurisdiction. The extent of the ju.
dicial power of the United States being fixed by the constitution, it canhot be made exclusive or concurrent, at the will of Congrees. They cannot decide whether it is exclusive of the State Courts.or not; for that ts ajudiczal question, arinngunder the constitution. If the judicial power of the United States is exclusive, Congress cannot communicate a part of it to the State Courts, giving to the federal Courts appellate jurisdictioa over them. If by th6 constitution the State judiciary has concurrent jurisdiction,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M

Congress cannot grant to the federal Courts an appellate jurisdiction over the exercise of such concurrent power. The state judiciary cannot have independent or subordinate power, at the will and pleasure of Congress.
The State judiciary have concurrent jurisdiction, by the constitution, over all the cases enumerated in the third article of the constitution, except, 1. Prosecutions for violating federal laws, 2. Cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdicton,; and, 3. Cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers, and consuls. No government can execute the crminal laws.of another government. The States have parted with exterior sovereignty As they cannot make treaties, perhaps they have not jurisdiction in the case of ministers sent to the federal government, as they cannot make war and peace, regulate commerce, define and punish piracies and offences on the high seas, and against the law of nations, or make rules concerning captures on the water, perhaps they have no admiralty jurisdiction. The jurisdiction of the State Courts over civil causes, arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties, seems to me to be unquestionable. The State judges are sworn to support the constitution, which declares them bound by the constitution, laws, and treaties. This was useless, unless they have jurisdiction of causes arising
under the constitution, laws, and treaties, winch are equally supreme law to the State Courts as to the federal Courts. The State judges are bound by oath to obey the constutional acts of Copgress, but they are not so bound to obey the decisions of

1821.
Cohens
v. Virgiia.

3926
1821.
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the federal Courts - the constitution and laws of the United States are supreme, but the several branches of the government of the United States have no supremacy over the corresponding branches of the
State governments. Thejurisdiction of the State Courts is admitted
by Congress, in the judiciary act kur, by an odious provision therein, which does not seem to be impartial, the decision of the State Court, if given in favour of him who claims under federal law, is final and conclusive. Thus, the State Courts have ackno~ledged jurisdiction , and if that jurisdiction is constitutional, Congress cannot control it.
Congress cannot authorize the Supreme Court to exercise appellate jurisdiction over the decisions of the State Courts, unless they have legislative power over those Courts. Can Congress give an appeal from a federal District Court to a State Court of appeal P I presume it will be admitted that they cannot. And why can they not Because they have no pover over the State Court. And if they cannot give an appeal to that Court, they cannot give an appealfrom that Court.
The constitution provides, that the judicial power of the United States shall " extend to" certain enumerated cases. These words signify plainly, that the federal Courts shlil have jurisdiction in those cases, but this does not imply exclusive jurisdiction, except in those cases where the juriadiction of the State Courts would be contrary to the necessary effict of the provisions of the constitution. Civil

OF TlE UNITED STATES

327

suits, arising under the laws of the United States, may be brought and finally determined in the Courts of -foreign nations, and, consequently, may be brought and finally determined in the State Courts.
The judiciary of every government must judge of its own jurisdiction. The federal judiciary and the State judiciary may each determine that it has, or that it has not, jurisdiction of the case brought before it but neither can withdraw a case from the jurisdiction of the other. The question, whether a State Courthasjursdictionornot, ts ajudiczal question, to be settled by the State judiczary, and not by an act of Congress, nor by the judgment of the Supreme Court of the United States. Shall the States be denied the power of judging of their own laws ' As their legislation is subject to no negative, so their judgment is subject to no appeal. Sovereignty consists essentially in the power to legislate, judge of; and execute laws. The States are as properly sovereign now as they were under the confederacy. and we have their united declaration that they then, individually, ietained their sovereignty, freedom, and independence. The constitution recognizes the sovereignty of the States for it admits, that treason may be committed against them. They would not be entitled to the appellation of "1 States" if they
were not sovereign. Although the State Courts should maintain a con-
current jurisdiction with the federal Courts, yet fo-
reigners would have what before the adoption of the
constitution they had not, a choice of tribunals, before which to bring their actions, and the State

1821.
Coheas
V.
Virginia.

328

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

judges are now bound by treaties as suprem law. If an alien plaintiff sues in the State Courts, he ought to be bound by their decision , and if an alien is sued in a State Court, he ought to be bound by

the decision of the State in which he resides or sojourns, which protects him, to which he owes a temporary Alagiance, and to whose laws 'he should
yield obedience. The people could not have intended to give to strangers a double chance to recover, while citizens should be held bound by the first de"cision, that the citizen should be bound by the judgment of the State alone, while the stranger shoulJ not be bound but by the judgment of the State, and also of the United States. A statute contrary to reason, is void. An act of Congress which should violate the principles of natural justice, should also be deemed void. It is worthy of consideration, whether this clause in the judiciary act, which grants an appeal to one party, and denies it to the other, -is not void, as being partial and unjust.
If.. in any case brought before them, the State Courts shall not have jurisdicton, the defendant may plead to the jurisdiction, and the Supreme Court of the State will finally decide the point. If this is not a suffivient security for justice, as I apprehend it is, an amendment to the constitution may provide another remedy. If the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the State Court, and takes a chance .of a fair trial, it is reasonable that he should be bound by the result.
As I deny to this Court authority to remove, by writ of error, a cause from a State Court, so I like-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

32 9

wise deny the authority of this Court to remove, before judgment, from a State Court, a suit brought

therein. It will be equally an invasion of the j urisdiction of the State Court, although less offensive in

form, than a removal after judgment has been ren-

dered. Congress can r it!,er regulate the State

Courts, or touch them by regulatio.n.

Let the Supreme Court declare (for it is a judicial question) what cases are within the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal Courts, by the constitution ;

and let Congress pass the necessary and proper laws

for carrying that power into effect. Although I do

not admit that the State Courts would be absolutely

bound by such a declaration, yet I have no doubt that the State Courts would acquiesce. It is not for

jurisdiction over certain cases that the State Courts

contend. It is for sndependence in the exer:cise of the jurisdiction that is left to them by the constitu-

tion.

2. Does the 25th section of the judiciary act comprehend this case, so that the Court may take juns-

diction thereof

In this case the construction of a statute of the

United States is said to have been drawn in question, and the decision in the State Court was against the

exemption claimed by the defendant in that Court. This Court has no jurisdiction, if it shall appear that the defendant really had no exemption to set up in the State Court, under a statute of the United States.

If the act of Congress has no application, no bearing

"Vor,. VT.

42

1821.
v.
Virgmia.

330
1821. ' Cohens
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
on the case. the Court has no jurisdiction., The parties cannot, by makingr an act of Congress, which does not affect the cause, a part of the record, give this Court ,ursdietion.
This Court have sair, nat "the soveregnzty of a
State in the exercise of its legislation, is not to be impaired, unless it be clear that it has transcended its legitimate authority nor ought any power to be sought, much less to be adjudged, in favour of the United States, unless it be clearly within the reach of their constitutional charter.' This Court have also said, that ", the sovereign powers vested in the State governments by their respective constitutions, remained unaltered and unimpaired, except so far as they were granted to the government of the United StatesIc The State legislatures retain the powers not granted, and not repugnant to the exercise of the powers granted to Congress, and it is not denied, that the legislature of Virginia possessed, previous to the passage of the act of Congress for incorporating the city of Washington, authority to prohibit the sale of lottery tickets in Virginia. That legislature still possesses the power, unless the exercise thereof obstructs some means adopted by Congress for executing their delegated powers.
Actions are lawful or criminal, as the laws of the land determine. Whether an action done in Virginia is lawful or criminali depends on the laws of that

a 4 Wheat. Rep. 311. Wheat. Digest, s. 301.
363. 4 Wheat. Rep. 314. b 5 Wheat. Rep. 48. c I Wheat. Rep. 325.

2 Wheat. Rep.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

State, unless the action has been authorized or prohibited by Congress in carrying into execution some power granted to them, or the power of some department or officer of the government. The State go. vernments are charged with the police of the States. They, considering certain acts as having a demoralizing tendencyhave prohibited them. Shall Congress authorize those very acts to be done within the body of a State P
So entirely is the police of a State to be regulated by its own laws, that if Congress taxed licenses to
sell lottery tickets, the payment of the tax would not confer on him who paid it, any authority to sell tickets contrary to the laws of a State. Congress imposed a tax on licenses to sell spirituous liquors by retail , but that did not prevent the State governments from regarding tippling houses as nuisances, and punishing those retailers of spirits who were not licensed tavern keepers. The license is grantable by the State, when granted, the federal government may tax it , but they have no power to grant it. The police belongs to the State government, and the federal government cannot, by the power of taxation, interfere with the police, so as to legalize any act which a State prohibits.
It is said that a lottery ticket owes it value to its saleable quality. It is true that the saleability of the ticket by the managers is essential to make the lottery of value to the corporation But, those sales may be made in Washington. And, if they cannot, must the constitution yield to a lottery P The proprietor of property has not a right every where to

182i.
Cohens
T. Virguna.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

f821.
Coht-ns T
Virginia.

dispose of it as he pleases. A man may own poison-, but he must not sell it as a medicine. He may own money , but he may not, in Virginia, part with it at public gaming He may come to Washington and
purchase a lottery ticket, but if he takes it to Virginia he must not sell it there. A lottery ticket is a chose 2n actson, and not assignable by the common law The State laws determine whether bonds, bills, notes, &c. are assignabl. not. Spirituous liquors are property , but they cannot be sold by retail, without the license of the State government.
The act of Congress under which this lottery has been authorized, is not an act passed in the execution of any of those specific powers Which Congress may .xercise over the States. The acts of Congress must be passed in pursuance of the constitution, or they are void. If they have .passed a statute authorizing an act to be done in a State which they bad no power to authorize in a State, their statute is void. The acts of Congress, to be supreme law in a State, must be passed in execution of some of the powers delegated to Congress, or to some department or officer of the government. Congress may pass all taws necessary and proper to carry a given power into effect but they must have a given power. Now, what is the given power for the execution of which the sale of lottery tickets in the States is an appropriate means P It is sufficieut to show thatthe act passed is a means of carrying into execution some delegated power. The degree of its necessity or propriety will not be questioned by this Court; butit must obviously tend to the execution

OF THE UNITED STATES.
or sanction of some enumerated power. If it shall appear on the face of the act, that it is not passed for the.purpose of carrying into effect an enumerated power, and that it is passed for some other purpose, the act would not be constitutional.
As to the object being a national one for which the money is raised by the lottery in, question tihe nation has no particular interest in any thing in the City of Washington, except the public property and buildings belonging to the United States. The improvements to be made in the City by the proceeds of this lottery, are not national buildings for the accommodation of the federal government; they are Corporation buildings for the accommodation of the City, the charge of whidh is to be borne out of the .revenues of the City. But, it is not admitted, that if the money was to be applied to building of the capitol, that Congress would- have power, for that purpose, to authorize the sale of lottery tickets in a State, contrary to State laws.
The nation is interested in the prosperity of every city within the- limits of the Union. All may be made to contribute to the public treasury-the City of Washington as well as others. If these improvements in the City of Washington are such as the United States should pay for, let the money be advanced from the treasury, and raised by taxes or by loans in a constitutional manner, and let the taxes imposed on "the City of Washington, for the purpose of making these. improvements, be declared unconstitutional. They doubtless are so if the people of Washington. alone are taxed- for.purposes 'truly na-

333
1821.
Cohens
v.
Virginia.

3 4
1821.
%en
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tional. This measure Wnsot adopted to aid the revenue of the U iited States. It is adopted for the pur-
pose of aiding the revenue of the City of Washington , for effecting objects which the revenue of the
City should effect, but which the ordinary revenue is unequal to. It is to raise an extraordinary revenue for the City of Washington. Virginia, in which State it has been attempted to raise a part of this extraordinary revenue, has no more interest in the penitentiaries and city halls of Washington than in those of Baltimore.
Our opponents must maintain that this is an act of Congress authorizing the sale of lottery tickets in Virginia For if it is not, the question is at an end. I call upon them to show a power granted to Congress, which the sale of lottery tickets in a State is an appropriate means of executing. Suppose that Congress had passed an act expressly authorizing P & M. Cohen to vend lottery tickets in Virginia, for the purpose of raising a fund to diminish the taxes laid by the Corporation of Washington on the inhabitants, for their own benefit would such an act have been constitutional P Which of the enumerated powers of Congress would such an act have been an appropriate means of carrying into effect Suppose that Congress had considered lotteries as pernicious gambling could they have prohibited the sale of lottery tickets in the States P It will be admitted that they could not. And if they cannot prohibit the sale of tickets in a State, it is contended that they cannot authorize such a sale. Let us suppose that Congress have passed an act authorizing- the sale of lottery

OF THE UNITED STATES.

33.5

tickets in the States, for the purpose of raising money to build a city hall in the City of Washington : Is such an act within the constitutional powers of Congress P Is it a mode of laying and collecting taxes P Or is it a mode of borrowing money P And -is it for the purpose of paying the debts or providing for the general welfare of the United States ; Should iteven be said that this lottery is a tax, or a mode of borrowing money, yet the tax is laid, or the money borrowed, not by and for the United States. but by the Corporation for the City of Washington.
Congress have two kinds or grades- of power
(1.) Power to legislate over the States in certain enumerated cases. (2.) Power to legislate ov-.the
ten miles square, and the sites of forts and arsenals, in all cases whatsoever. These powers, so very dissimilar, should be kept separate and distinct. The advocates of the Corporation confound them. They pass the act of Congress by 'the power to legislate
over the ten miles square, unlimited as to objects, but coifined within the lines of the District, and they extend its operations over the States, by the power to legislate over them, limited as to objects, but co-extensive with the Union. The act incorporating the City of Washington was certainly not passed to carry into execution any power of Congress, other than the power to legislate over the District of Columbia. If the clause conferring power to legislate in all cases over the ten miles square, had been omitted, could Congress establish lotteries P Could an act establishing a lottery be ascribed to any of the specific

2s21.
iens
v. Virginia.

336

CASES IN -THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' '
V.

powers, in the execution of whicl, Congress may
legislate over all the States? If the act authorizing a lottery is justified by the
powers which extend to the States, there is no occasion to rest it on the power to legislate in all cases
over Columbia. And if it is not justified by the powers which extend to the States, it cannot be justified by that power which, being limited to the District, does not extend to the States. If the act of Congress has effect in Virginia, it is a law over the States, and must have been passed by a power to legislate over the States. Now, a law over the States cannot be passed by a power to legislate over Columbia. But it is the power to legislate over Columbia that has been exercised. Therefore, no law has been passed over the States. Consequently, no law has been passed having effect in the States. It is, then, by the power to legislate over the ten miles square that the authority to sell lottery tickets in the States must be defended.
The power to legislate over the ten miles squar, is strictly confined to its limits, and does not authorize the passage of a law for the sale of lottery tickets in the States.a When Congress legislate exclusively for Columbia, they are restrained .to objects within the District An act of Congress, passed by the authority to legislate-over the District, cannot be the supreme law in a State, for if, by the power to lbgislate, m all cases whatsoever, over the Distnct, Congress may legislate over the StAtes, it will ne-

a Firgmza Debates tn Convention, vol. 2. p. 21. 29.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cessarily follow, that Congress may.legislate over the States in all cases whatsoever.
The constitution gives to Congress pow r to exzrcise exclusive legislation over the ten miles square, in all cases whatsoever. In the case of Loughborough v. Blake, the Court said, that "on the extent of these terms, according to the common understanding of mankind, there can be no difference of opiljion.a What is the opinion in which all mankind will -unte as to the extent of those terms Not an opinion that the laws passed in legislating over the District, "-halloperate in the States. The opinion in which it is presumed that mankind generally will unite, is, that all acts of Congress, not contrary to reason or the restrictions of the constitution, passed in legislating over the District, shall operate exclusively within its limits, but not at all beyond them. The power given to Congress, ,s power to legislate exclusively in all cases over the District. What are -theappropriate means of executing that power P To frame a code of laws havnig effect within the District only; to establish Courts having jurisdiction within the District only, &c. But what are the
powers claimed Power to repeal the penal laws of a State, power- to pass laws " that 'Inow no loloality in the Union ;" laws "that can encounter no geographical imp diments ;" laws "whose march is through the Union." I admit, that all the powers of Congress, except this of exclusive egislation in all cases, extend throughout the Union, it- this, by

337
1821.
Cohens
V.

Vor'. YT.

a 5 Wheat. Rep. 317. 43

338
1891.
CoIlieus
V

CASES rN THE SUPREiIE COURT
the most express words, and from its nature, is local. Yet in this case, by a power to legislate-for a District ten miles square, Congress is made to -assume a power to legislate over the whole Union, and because an act is authorized to be done in Columbia, over which Congress may legislate in all cases whatsoever, it is, therefore, to be a legal act when done in a State, the laws of such State notwithstanding.
The power given to Congress to legislate over the
District in all case§ whatsoever, is precisely of the same extent as if this had been the only power conferred on them. Now, had it been the only power conferred on Congress, could there have arisen any doubt about its extent P When Congress legislate for the District of Columbia, they are a local legislature. The authority to legislate over the District in all cases whatsoever, is as strictly limited as is that of the legislature of Delaware to legislate only over Delaware. The acts of the local legislature have no operation beyond the limits bf the place for which
they legislate. If this clause confers on Congress any legislative
power over the States, it must be of the kind granted. But the power granted is exclusive, and no one will contend, that an exclusive power to legislate over the States is conferred on Congress. The power given extends to all cases whatsoever, and no one will contend, that Congress have power to legislate over the States in all cases whatsoever. The grant is of an exclusive power in all cases over ten miles square. The claim set up is a claim of Paramount power over the whole United States.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Any single measure which Congress may adopt, must be justified by some single grant of power, or not at all. No combination of several powers can authorize Congress to adopt a single measure which they could not adopt either by one or another of those powers, combined with the power to pass necessary and proper laws for carrying such single power into effect.
There is no repugnancy between the acts of Virginia against selling lottery tickets within that State, and the power granted to Congress to legislate over the District of Columbia. There can be none, for the line of the District completely separates them. The act passed by Congress is confined to the District, the act of the State legislature is confined to the State How can there be any repugnancy P A power to legislate over Virginia cannot come into collision with a power to legislate over the District, uiless those to whom they are entrusted pass the limits of their jurisdiction. It is not alleged, that the legislature of Virginia have passed the limits of their jurisdiction. If Congress have authorized a lottery to be drawn within the city, the sale of tickets, and the drawing of the lottery are thereby legalised within the city. Congress have never said that lottery tickets may be sold in the States. Those tickets may be sold in any place where the local laws will admit. But that they should be sold in Virginia, where such a sale is unlawful, Congress have neither enacted, nor had power to enact. It is said, that without a power to sell the tickets. the power to draw the lottery is

339
182i.
Cohens
v. Virg""

340
1821. Cohieens
V.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ineffectual. I answer, if a power to sell lottery
tickets necessarily follows a power to draw lotteries, as the lotteries must be drawn in the city, so there 6he tickets must be sold. The authority to sell is.
the authority to draw , and as the principal authority (to draw) is confined to the city, so is the consequent authority, (to sell.) Can the Corporation draw lotteries in the States P If not, where is their authority to sell where they have -no authority todraw P If the seller of lottery tickets is the agent of the Corporation, then they can clothe him with no legal authority to be executed in a State, contrary to the law of the State. The Corporation must sell their tickets where they have authority, or where they are permitted to sell. If the seller was a purr chaser of tickets, and desires to sell again, the City has no interest in that subsequent sale, and the purchaser must sell where he is permitted to sell. Why should the owners of these tickets have an exclusive .privilege in Virginia, to sell their tickets. contrary to the laws of the land P
It has been, in effect, maintained, that Congress may not only themselves legislate over the Union, but that they may exercise this power by substitute. Power to legislate over a State must be derived from the people, and cannot be transferred. If the power to legislate over the City may be vested in the representatives of the people thereof, yet, surely, a power to legislate over the States cannot be transferred to the representatives of the people of the City When Congress pass an act which shall have the

Of. THE-UNITED STATES.

effectof law in the States, it must be passed in pursuance -ofpower delegated to them by,the people of the States. The constitution declares, that "all legislative power herein -grantcd-shil be ',vested ina. Congress of the United States." This vested powercannot be transferred to a Corporation. It must be exercised by Congress, and in the manner. prescribed by the constitution., Legislative power- is not, in- its nature, transferrable. The people do not consent to obey any laws except those passed by their representatives-accordig. "othe.onstitution. They who legislate- for the nation must represent -the nation., The, Corporation of Washington cannot receive power to legislate over the people of the Uiiitey] 'tates: To- incorporate the people of the City of Washington with power to make by-laws for the government and police of the city,.is no transfer of power. i is an authority to exercise ao inherent power. Thereis in every body of peopIe a ,aaturalinherent right to' legislate for themselves :.bu t small societi 6s must have permission or authority, from tie-great socities, of mhich they form -a part. Thus, -Congreas authorized the people of Missouri to form a constitution, and govern themselves. Is this a ti'ansfer of power P No, certainly- it is an authority to exercise the inherent power of the people in governing themselves. Congress may authorize"the pdople bf Washington, or the people of Arkanas,'&'-govern thernselves: but itwas never heard, unfiY"this case arose, that a local Cbrporation, authorized by Congress to legislate for themselves, could pass laws of

is2.
Cohen"
v.

S4.2
2821. Cobens
r. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
obligation. throughout the Union: laws paramount in the States to the laws of the States.
It seems to have been considered by the advocates of the Corporation, that what Congressauthorizes to be done, that they do. This Snot so. Congress authorized Missouri to form a constitution, but Congress did not therefore form the constitution of Missouri. The Corporation of-Washington were left -free to act on -the subject of lotteries. They were empowered to-authorize the drawing of lotteries, and to pass the .laws necessary and proper forcearrying that power into effect. The law. establishing the lottery in question , is the by-law of the Corporation. The by-laws of the City of London are not acts of Parliament, or laws of the -realm, neither have the by-laws of the City of Washington any force beyond the limits of-the City.
Congress have not said--ta.t the lottery tickets should be sold in the States. They have not even said that there shall be a lottery. Congress empowered the Corporation to pass the law, and the Corporation passed it, the ordinance of the Corporation establishing a lottery, is no more a part. of the act of Congress, than the territorial laws now passing 'iu Arkansas will be parts of the acts of Congress. It is not an act of Congress under which these tickets have been sold in Virginia, contrary to the laws of that State it is a by-law of the Corporation of Washington that gave existence. to this lottery An act of Congress does not apply to the case, and therefore this Court have no jurisdiction under the judiciary act.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
The powers of the Corporation of Washington are confined within the limits of the City. Being a Corporation for government, all within the corporate limits are subject to them, but no others.a They cannot make a by-aw affecting even their own members beyond the corporate limits, they have no power to pass a law authorizing the sale of lottery tickets in Georgetown, much less have they the power to authorize the sale of them in a State, contrary to its laws. This by-law either extends beyond the limits of the City, or it does not. If it does, it-is void- and if it does not, it can have no effect in Virginia. The by-laws of a Corporation are to be sub-ject to the laws of the land, even within their limits. The laws of the States are the laws of the land, within their limits, on subjects not committed to Congress. To those laws all corporate laws are subject.' But there cannot be that kind of collision between bylaws of the Corporation of Washington and State laws, as between the by-laws of the Corporation of the City of London, and the laws of England. As the by-laws of London may come in collision with the laws of England, but cannot come in collision with the laws of Ireland and Scotland, in those countries, so the by-laws of the Corporation of

.343
s21.
Cohens
V.

a I Bac. .8br 544. 2 Comyn's Dig. 154. 3 Mod. 159. 1 Nels, AIbr 415. T. Jones 144. 1 Xels. Abr 413. $ Yeates, (Penn.) 478.
b 1 Bac. Abr 544, 545. 551. Robart, 211. 5 Co. 63 and 8 Co. Rep. 1T6.

34,4

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT-

1821.
Cdhbns,
I.
Virginia.

Washington may come in collision with the laws of the United States in the ten miles square, but can
never come in collision with the laws of a State, for they cannot have operation in a State.
The Court will maintun the powers of Congress as granted by the people, and -for the purposes for which they were granted by the people, and will, if possible, to preserve harmony, prevent the clashing of federal. and State powers. Let each operate within their respective spheres, and let each be confined to their assigned limits. We are all bound to
support the consiuton. How will that be best effbeted P Not by claiming and exercising unacknow-
ledged power. The strength thus obtained will prove pernicious. The confidence of the people constitutes the real strength of this government. Nothing can so much endanger it as exciting the hostility of the State governments. With them it is to determine how long this government shall endure. I shall conclude by again reminding the Court of a declaration of their own, that, "no power ought to be sought, much less adjudged, in favour of the United States, unless it be clearly within the reach of their constitutional charter."

Mr. D. B. Ogden, contra, (I.) stated, that he
should not argue the general question whether this Court had an app6llate.jurisdiction, in any case, from the State Courts, because it had been already solemnly adjudged by this Court, in the case of Aiartin v Hunter a

a I Wheat. Rep. 304.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M4

2. This is a case arising under the constitution

and laws of the Union, and therefore the jurisdic-

tion of the federal Courts extends to it by the express letter of the constitution , and the case of

Martin v. Hunter has determined that this jurisdic-

tion may be exercised by this Court in an appellate

form; But it is said, that the present case does not

arise under the constitution and laws of the United

States, because the legislative powers of Congress,

as respects the District of Columbia, are limited and

confined-to that District. But, if the law be thus li-

mited in its operation, how is this to be discovered

but. by examining the constitution P and how is this

examination to be had but by taking jurisdiction of

the case? In the whole argument, constant refer-

ence was had, and necessarily had, to the-constitu-

tion, in order to decide the qase between the parties,

upon this question ofjurisdiction, and yet it is said -to

be a case not arising under the constitution. It is

also contended) that it is not an act of Congress, the

validity of which is drawn- in question in tho present

case, but an ordinance of the Corporation of the City

of Washington, and the maxim of delegatus non

potest delegare, is referred to, in order to show that

the Corporation cannot exercise the legislative power

of-Congress. Is it meant by this to assert that Con-

gress cannot authorize the Corporation to make by-

laws P Even the soundness of this position cannot be

determined without examining the constitution and

acts of Congress, and adjudging upon their interpre-

tation. The whole District of Columbia, and all its

subordinate municpal Corporations, are the creatures

VoL. VI.

44

i82i.
"Cohens v.
Virginii.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1831.
v.
Viria.

of the constitution, and the acts of Congress, rela-
tive to it, must be determined by the constitutionand must be laws of the United States. Are not the extent of the powers vested in Congress, and the

manner in which these powers are to be executed, necessarily, questions arising under the constitution, by which the powers are given P How can the question, whether this is a lottery authorized by an ordinance of the Corporation, and not by a law of the United States, be decided, but by a reference to the laws of the Union, and the constitution under which they were enacted P The plaintiffs in error set up a right to sell lottery tickets in the State of Virginia, under the constitution and laws of the United States, and the-State denies it. By whom is this
question to be decided P It is a privilege or exemption, within the very words of the judiciary act, setup or claimed, by the party, under the constitution and laws of the Union. It is immaterial for the
present purpose whether the claim be well or ill founded. The question is, whether the party setting up the claim, is to be turned out of Court, without being heard upon the merits of his case. If you have not jurisdiction, you cannot hear him upon the merits. Upon this motion to quash the writ of error, you can only inquire into the jurisdiction, and cannot look into the merits: but you are asked to turn the party out of Court for defect
of jurisdiction, and without giving him an opportunity to show that by the laws and constitution of the Union, he is entitled to the privilege and exemption which he chums. It is no answer to say that

OF THE UNITED STATES.
any individual may allege that he has such a privllege, in order to remove his case from the State Court to this, because no injury would ensue, as the case would be sent back with damages and even if there might be some inconveniences, from improperly bringing causes bere, they ought rather to be submitted to, than to hazard the possible violation of the consutuuonal rights of a citizen.
3. It is no objection to the exercise of the judicial powers of this Court, that the defendant in error is one of the States of the Union. Its authority extends, in terms, to ALL cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States , and if there be any implied exceptions, it is incumbent on the party setting up the exception to show it. In order to except the States, it is said that they are sovereign and independent societies, and therefore not subject to the jurisdiction of any human tribunal. But we deny, that since the establishment of the.national constitution, there is any such thing as a sovereign State, independent of the Union. The people of the United States are the sole sovereign apthority of this country. By them, and for them, the constitution was established. The people of the United States in general, and that of Virginia in particular, have taken away from the State governments certain authorities which they had before, so that they are no longer sovereign and independet in that sense which exempts them from all coercion by judicial tribunals. Every State is limited in its powers by the provisions of the constitution, and whether a State passes those limits, is a question

347 1821.
Cohens
v. Virg'in.

A&Q

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1821.
Cohenm
,n..
Virlza

which the people of the Union have not thought fit to Strust to the State legislatures or judiciaries, but
have -conferred it exclusively on this Court. The Court would have thejuisdiction without the word State being mentioned in the constitution. The term "all cases," means all, without exception ; and the States of the Union cannot be excepted, by implication, because they have ceased to be absolutely sovereign and independent. The constitution declares that every citizen of one. State, shall have all the privLleges of the citizens of every other State. Suppose Virginia were to declare the citizens of Maryland aliens, and proceed to escheat their lands by inquest
of office- the party is without a remedy; unless he can look for protection to this Court, which is the guardian of constitutional rights. Because the State, which is the wrong doer, is a party to the suit, is that a reason why he should not have redress? By the original text of the constitution, there is no limitation in respect to the character of the parties, where the case arises under the constitution; laws, and treaties of the Union. and the amendment to the constitution resiecting the suability of States, merely applies to the other class of cases, where it is the character of the parties, and not the nature of the controversy, which alone gives jurisdiction. The original clause giving jurisdiction on account of the character of the parties, as aliens, citizens of differ-
ent States, &c. does not limit, but extends the judicial power of the Union. The amendment applies to that alone. It leaves a suit between a State and a citizen, arising, under the constitution, laws, &c.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M

where it found it; and the States are still liable to be sued by a citizen, where the jurisdiction arises in this manner, and not merely out of the character of the parties. The jurisdiction in the present case arises out of the subject matter of the controversy, and not out of the character of the parties, and; consequently, is not affected by the amendment.
But it.is said, that admitting the Court has juris;diction where a State is a party, still that jurisdiction mustbe.onginal, and not appellate; because the consututioh .declares, that in cases in which a State shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have origmajurisdiction, and in all other cases, appellate jurisdiction. The answer is, that-this provision was merely intended to prevent States from being sued in the inferior Courts of the Union, that the Supreme Court is to have appellate jurisdiction-in all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States that where, m such a case, a State sues in its own Courts, it must be understood as renouncing its privilege or exemption, and to submit itself to the appellate power of this Court, since, if the jurisdiction in this class of cases be concurrent, it cannot be exercised originally in the Supreme Court, wherever the State chooses to commence the suit in its own Courts. Nor is there any. hardship in this construction. The State cannot be sued in its own Courts, but if it commences a suit there against a citizen, and a question arises m that suit under the constitutid6n, laws,, and treaties of the Union, there must be power in this Court to revise the decision of the State Court, in order to

1821.
cohens v.
Virginia.

850

CASES IN THE SUPREME"COURT

1821. produce uniformity in the construction of the constiCohens ~ tution, &c. So,.if a consul sues in the Circuit Court,
v. this Court ha's appellate jurisdiction, although the Vma. consul could not be sued in the Circuit Court. And
if the United States, who cannot be sued any where,
think proper to sue in the. District or Circuit Court, they are amenable to the, appellate jurisdiction of this Court. Even granting, therefore, that-a State cannot be sued in any case; the State is not sued
here: she has sued a citizen, in her own tribunals, who implores the protection of this high Court to give him the benefit of the constitution and laws of the Union. The jurisdiction does not act on the
State; it merely prevents the State from acting on a citizen, and depriving him of his constitutional and legal rights.
It is true, there are some cases where this Court cannot takejurisdiction, though the constitution and laws of the Union are violated by a State. But wherever a case is fit for judicial' cognizance, or wherever the State tribunals take cognizance of -it, whether properly or not, the appellate power of this Court mayIntervene, and protect the constitution and laws of the Union from violation. Doubtless, a State might grant titles of nobility, raise and support armies and navies, and commit many other attacks upon the constitution, which this Court could not repel. But if these attacks were made by judicial means, or if judicial means were used to compel obedience to-these illegal measures, the authority of this Couit could, and would) intervene. Nor can

OF THE UNITED STATES.

this argument apply to a case, which is entirely judicial in its very origin, and, therefore, steers clear of the supposed difficulty of vindicating the constitution and laws of the Unmn from violatiqn in other cases which may be imagined.
Neither is this a criminal case. The offence in question is -not made a misdemeanour by the law of Virginia. That law merely imposes a penalty, which may be recovered by action of debt, or information, or indictment. The present prosecution is a mere mode of recovering the penalty. But suppose it is a criminal case. The constitution declares, that the Court shall have jurisdiction In ALL cases arising under it, or the laws and treaties of the Union , which includes criminal as well as civil cases, unless, indeed, Congress has refused jurisdiction over the former in the judiciary act, which we insist it' has
not.

1821. V.
Virgina

Mr. Pinmney, on the same side, (1.) argued, that there was no authority produced, or which could be produced, for the position on the other side, that this Court could not, constitutionally, exercise an appellate jurisdiction over the judgments or decrees of the State Courts, in cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the Union. The judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. contains a cotemporaneous construction of the constitution in this respect, of great weight, considering who were the authors of that law; and which has been since confirmed by the rep.eated decisions of this Court, constantly exercising

$52
1821.
Cohens
V. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the jurisdiction in question.' This legislative and judicial exposition has been acquiesced in, since no attempt has ever been made to repeal the law upon the ground of its repugnancy to the constitution: Transiit sn rem judicatan. But even before the constitution. was adopted, and whilst it was submitted to public discussion,.this interpretation was given to it by its friends, who were anxious to avoid every objection which could render it obnoxious to State jealousy. But they well knew that this interpretation was unavoidable, and the authors of the celebrated Letters of Publius, or the Federalist, have stated it in explicit terms.b

- a Clarke v. Harwood, 3 DalU.342. Gordon v. Caldcleugh, 3 Cranch, 268. Smith v Maryland, 6 Craneh, 286. Matthews v.Zane, 4 Cranch, 382. Owings v. Norwood's Lessee, 5 Cranch,344. Martin v. Hunter, I Wheat. Rep. 304. Otis v. Waiter, 2 Wheat. Rep. 18, Miller v. Nicholls, 4 Wheat. Rep.
-311. Gelston v Hoyt, 3 Wheat. Rep. 246. M'lIntire v. Wood, 7 Cranwh, 505. Slocum v Mayberry, 2 WIeat. Rep. I. M'Culloch v. Maryland, 4 Whieal. Pep. 316.
b."1Herp another question occurs--what relation would sub-
sist between the national and the State Courts in These instances of concurrent jurisdiction? I answer, that an appeal would certainly lie from the latter to the Supreme Court of the United States. The constitution in direct terms gives an appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court 14 all the enumerated cases of federal cognizance, in whb it is not to have an origiqal one, without a single expression to confine its operation to the inferior federal.Courtq. The objects of appeal, not the tribunals from which it is to be made,"are alone contemplated. From this circumstance, and from the reason of the thing, it ought to be construed to extend to the State tribunals. Either this must be the case, or the local Courts must be excluded

OF THE UNITED STATC.3
But it is said, that the jurisdietion-of the Staite Courts is concurrent with those of the Union, over that class of cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States. This, however, is not of absolute necessity, but at the discretion of Congress, who may restrain and modify.this concurrent jurisdiction, or render it exclusive in the federal tribunals at their pleasure. The supremacy of the national constitution and laws, is a fundamental principle of the federal government, and would be entirely surrendered to State usurpation, if Con-

353
1821. Coh
V.
Virguila.

from a concurrent jurisdiction in matters- of national concern,

else the judiciary authority of the Union may be eluded at the

pleasure of every plaintiff or prosecutor. Neither of these

consequences ought, without evident necessity, to be involved,

the latter would be entirely inadmissible, as it would' defeat

some of the most important and avowed purposes of the propo-

sed government, and would essentially enibarrass its measures.

Nor do I perceive any foundation for such a supposition.

Agreeably to the remark already made, the nat6'hl and State systems are to be regarded as ONE WHOLE. The Courts of the latter will of course be natural auxiliaries to the execution of the laws of the Union, and an appeal from them wiul as naturally

lie to that tribunal whith is destined to unite and assimilate the principles of national justice and the rules of national decisions. The eVident aim of the plan of"the cofiientioi's, that.all the
causes of the specified classes shall, for weighty public reasons, receive their original or final determination tn the Courts of the Union. To confine, therefore, the general expressions, giving appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court, to appeals from the subordinate federal Courts, instead of allowing their extension to the State Courts, would be to abridge the latitude of the terms, in subversion of the intent, contrary to 'every sound rule of interpretation." No. LXXXIII.

VOL VL.

45

854
1821. Cohens
v. Virpnia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
gress. could not, at its option, invest the Courts .of the Union with exclusive jurisdiction over this class of cases, or give those Courts an appellate jurisdiction over them from the decisions of the State tribu-
nals. Every other branch of federal authority might as well be surrendered. To part with this, leaves the Union a mere league or confederacy of States entirely sovereign and independent. This particular portion .of the judicial power of the Union is indispensably necessary to the existence of the Union. It is an axiom of political science, that the judicilg -power of every government must be commensurate with its legislative authority : it must be adequate to the protectior, enforcement, and assertion of all the other powers )f the government. In some cases this power must necessarily be directly exercised by the federal tribunals, as in enforcing the penal laws of.the Union. But in other cases, it is merely aprotecting power, and cannot, from the very nature- of things, be exercised in the first instance, by the Courts of the Union. Such are suits between citizen and citizen on contract. Here the State Courts must necessarily have original jurisdiction ; but if the party defendant sets up a defence, founded (for example) upon an act of the State legislature supposed to impair the obligation of contracts, and the decision of the State Court is in. favour of the law thus set up, the judicial authority of the Union must be exerted over the cause, or that clause of the constitution which prohibits any State from making a law impairing. the obligation of contracts is a dead letter. There is nothihg in the constitution which prohibits

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the exercise of such a controlling authority. On the contrary, it is expressly declared, that where the case arises under the constitution and laws of the Union, the judicial power of the Union shall extend to it. It is the case, then, and not the forum in
which it arises, that is to determine whether the judicial authority of the Union shall be exercised over it. But there is a class of cases which must necessarily originate in the State tribunals, because it cannot be known at the time the suit is commenced, Whether it will or will not involve any question arising under the constitution and laws of the Union. Over this class of cases, then, the Courts of the Union must have appellate jurisdiction. The appl.. late power of this Court is extended by the constitutibn to all cases within the judicial authority of the Union, and not included within the orzgznaljurisdiction of this Court. Its appellate power, so far as
respects the constitution, depends, then, on two questions only- is the case within the judicial power of the Union and is it within the original cognizance of this Court? The first question being answered affirmatively, and the second negatively, the appellate power under the constitution is complefely established in any given ease.
But the power of removing this class of causes, pendente &e, is also denied ; and it is said, that the authority to remove, before judgment, a suit brought in the State Court, into the federal Court, is repugnant to the constitution. In Vartin v. Hunter, the argument 'was the other way, .and it was msisted, that Congress ought to have given tO this Court the

1821.
Coliens
V.
VirgiiLa.

S56
182L
.

CAESI T -WO...RMECOURT
power of evo g this depription of causes from the
State tribunals, the m.ent.any question arose resFecting the constttifionxnd: lawe of the Union, in order to avoid the offefiive e-ercise of an appellate juiisdiction ever the State Coufts. Quacunque via daia-it is immaterial, for the power of removal, if it be not unconstitutional, is an appellate poweranid analogbus to a writ of error. If it be- unconstitutional, the necessity for, the controlling power of a writ of error, -oinly the iiore manifest. Take aw y both, and the .cofistiftition.,lawsid: treaties. ofAd Uilon lie atthe mercy ofilhi State jddicattfres.
Again. It is said, that the judges of thbe:. State Courts take.an oath to support the constitution of the nVion, and the laws. and -reaties 'of the 'Uiiioit are their supreme law -and-it is inferreff,. that thii constit.tion reposes imipycit onfidfce iWtem,.and there..bught t6 be no revision of d.iii judgmniits. But, it may-be,asked, if the constitution reposes this implicit confidence in. the State ttibunals, why does it -authorize -the establishment of federal Courts, which,, upon. this supposition, would be wholly uw, less P And whj are the members of the -State legis. latures and. elecutives required to take the same oath P They are bound to support the constitution by the same solemn sanctions, and yet their acts may confessedly be set. aside by .the national judicatures, as being repugnant to that constitution. The actual constitution of this country is not a govern, ment of confidence; it is a scheme of government

a I Wheat. Rep. 31D.

OF THE UNITE STATES.

357

conceived in the spirit of jealousy, and render6d 1821. adequate to all its own purposes, by its own means : -Co"hens # and the judicial power of the Union is the principal v. means of giving effect to it. This it is which dis- Virgnm. tinguishes it from the Confederation. Experience has
shown the necessity and wisdom of this provision. If the State Courts may adjudicate conclusively for the"Union, why may not the State legislatures legis-late for it, and .where is the utility of distinct and appropriate powers, if it cannot maintain them from violation P In Martin Y. .Huntera the Court- consi-
dered this argument fully, and thought it operated the- other way. The care which the constitution takes to make the State Courts respect it, and the laws and treaties made 'under it, proves that it was supposed that cases might come before theni by original suit, which would involve the rights and inter-
ests of~the Union, and lay a foundation for appeal or revision. This was anticipated, and the constitution 6.ndeavours to make the first decision correct, by the sanction of an oath. But it does not improvidently rely upon that alone. The judges of the inferior Courts of the Union take the same oath, and lie under the same obligation , but they are not the less subject to the appellate jurisdiction of the Supreme Court.
But it is asked, can Congress grant an appeal from the District or Circuit Court, to a State Court? The question is answered in the negative, and it is thence inferred that they cannot grant an appeal

a 1 Wheat. Rep. 349.

358

CASES "IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
, V. Virg'a.

from a State to a federal Court. This seems to im-
ply that you can do nothing unless you can do its opposite. Such a proposition would repeal all the physical and moral laws of the universe. *Aswell

might it be asked, can Congress grant an appeal from the Supreme to the District Court, and because there is something absurd in the idea -of an appeal from a superior to an inferior tribunal, it would be inferred that the opposite appeal could not be granted. But, until the relation of supreme and subordinate is destroyed, the State laws and judicatures must be considered as subordinate to those of the Union, in all cases within the scope of its powers and jurisdiction. Such was once the doctrine asserted by Virginia herself, and to which it is confidently believed she will revert in a moment of calmer reflection. -

a Tlhe learned counsel here read the followIg resolutions of the legislature of Virginia.
Extract from the Journal of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Virgutia, begun and held at the Capitol in the City of Richmond, the 4th day of December, 1809.
Friday, January26, 1810. "Mr. Nelson reported from the Committee to whom were committed the preamble and resolutions on the amendment proposed by the legislature of Pennsylvania, to the constitution of the United States, by the ap. pointment of au impartial tribunal to decide disputes between the State and federal judiciary, that the Committee had, according to order, taken the said preambles and resglutions under their consideration, and directed him to report them without any amendment. And on the question being put thereupon, the same were agreed to unanimously, by the House,.as follows The Committee to whom was referred the commumcation of the Governor of Pennsylvania, covering certain reso-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
2. It is further contended on the other side, that this Court has no jurisdiction of the present case, because the writ of error presents no question ad-

359
1si.
Coliens
v.
Virginia.

lutions of the Legislature of that State, proposing an amendment to the constitution of the United States, by the appointment of an impaftial tribunal to decide disputes between the State 'and federal judiciary, have had the same under their consideration, and are or opinion that a tribunal is already provided by the Constitution of the United States, to wit The Supreme Court, more eminently qualified from their habits and duties, from the mode of their selection, and from the tenure of their offices, to decide the disputes -aforesaid, in an enlightened and
impartial manner, than any other tribunal which could be created. The members of the Supreme- Court are selected from those in the United States who are most celebrated for virtue and legal learning, not' at the will of a single individual, but by the concurrent wishes of the President and Senate ofthe United States, they will, therefore, have no local prejudices and
partialities. The duties they have to perform lead them necessarily to the mosf enlarged and accurate acquaintance with the jurisdiction of the federal, and several State Courts, together with the admirable symmetry of our Government. The tenure of their offices enables them to pronounce the sound and correct opinions they may have formed, without fear, faYour, or partiality. The amendment to the constitution proposed by Pennsylvania, seems to be founded upon the idea that the fe~deral judiciary will, from a lust of power, enlarge their jurisdiction, to the total annihilation of the jurisdiction of the State Courts, that they will exercise their will instead of the law and the constitution. This argument, ifit proves apy thing, would operate more strongly against the tribunal proposed to be created, which promises so little, than against the Supreme Court, which, for the reasons given before, have every thing connected with their appointment, calculated to insure confidence. What security have we, were the proposed amendmiept adopted, that this tribunal would not substitute their will

860

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
CCoohhiens
11.
Virginia.

siog under the constitution or laws of the United
States. And to show this, it is said that the record speaks only of the validity of the act of Congress,

and their pleasure in place of the law The judiciary are the weakest of the three departments of government, and least dan. gerous t6 the political rights of the constitution. They hold neither the purse nor the sword, and even to enforce their own )udgments and decrees, must ultimately depend upon the executive arm. Should the federal judiciary, however, unmnmd. ful of their weakness, unmindful of the duty which they-owe to themselves and their c9untry, become corrupt, and transcend the limits of their jurisdiction, would the proposed amendment oppose even a probable barrier to such an improbable state of
things 9 The creation of a tribunal such as is proposed by Pennsylvania, so far as we are enabled to form an idea of it,
from the description given in the resolutions of the legislature of that State, would, in the opinion of your Committee, tend
rather to invite, than prevent a collision between the federal and State Courts. It might also become, in process of time, a serious and dangerous embarrassment to the operations of the
general Government. Resolved, therefore, that the legislature of this State do dis-
approve-of the amendment to the constitution of thd United States proposed by the legislature of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, also, that his excellency the Governor be, and is hereby requested to transmit forthwith, a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions to each of the Senators and Representatives of this State, in Congress, and to the executives of the several States in the Union, and request that the same be laid before the legislatures thereof."
Extract from the Journal of the House of Delegates of th6 Commonwealth of Virginia
"7 ues7may, January 23, 1810. The House, according to the order of the day, resolved itself into a committee of the whole house on the state of the Commonwealth, and after some time spent therein, Mr. Speaker resumed the char, and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

361

and nobody denies its validity, and therefore no question arises under an act of Congress. But the words of the judiciary act are pursued by this writ of error, as they always have been in other cases. It is the validity of the act of Congress, and the validity of the act of Virginia, as compared with it, which are drawn into question. The Court below decided against the first, and in favour of the last, to the full extent of the case. The validity of the act of Congress, means the effect attributed to it by the defendant who sets it up as a defence against so much of the act of the State as inflicts a penalty upon him
for doing what the act of Congress authorizes, The defendant relies upon the act of Congress, as creating an exception in favour of his case, out of the act
of Virginia. He says it is valid, or available, or efficacious to create such an exception. That was the question which the record shows was before the Court below , and the Court decided that it was not so valid, or available, or efficacious. Whether it is so or not, is the question which the writ of error presents for inquiry ; and it is such a question as the

1821.
Coheas v.
Viima.

Mr. Robert Stanard reported that the committee had, accord-

ing to order, hid under consideration the preamble and resolu-

tions of the select committee to whom were referred that part

of the Governor's communication which relates to the amend-

ment proposed to the Constitution of the United States, by the

legislature of Pennsylvania, had gone through the same, and

directed him to report them to the House without amendment;

which he handed in at the clerk's table, and the question being

put on agreeing to the said preamble and resolutions, they

were agreed to by the House unanimously.

VOL. VI.

46

362
1821.
'the
Cotiens
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
appellate power of this Court can deal with. But question on this motion to dismiss the writ of
error, is not whether the act of Congress is valid as against the act of Virginia ; but whether that question is presented by the record, so that this Court can determine it, after it has concluded to entertain the writ of error. It is the claim of a right, privilege, or exemption under the statute of the United States, which.gtves the jurisdiction.a The decision upon that claim, as it appears upon the record, is the exercise of the jurisdiction. That the claim to exemption appears upon the record, cannot be denied in this case more than any other. The claim may even be an absurd one: but this Court cannot be called upon, on a motion to dismiss the writ of error, to condemn it as such. All argument upon the sufficiency of the claim is prematuire, so long as it is, sub judice, whether the -Court can examine its sufficiency.
But it is said, that the question does not arise under any statute of the United States, but under a mere by-law of the City of Washington, and that the case involves nothiig but that by-law and it is said to be absurd to call a by-law of the City of Washington a law of the United States. It is immaterial whether it be so or not. The by-law is the execution of a power.given by a law of the United States. The effect of the execution of that power, involves the effect of the law, and although the execution of the power is not a law of the United

a Wheat. Dig. Dec. tit. Const. Law, V (B.) 186.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
States, yet that which gives the powe" is. The question, therefore, is, not what is the mere effect of the execution of the power in the abstract, or unconnected with the law which gives it, but what is the effect of the power by force of the law which gives it and that question compels you to mount up to the constitution itself.
The course of the inquiry will then be, (.) What has the party done and what is the immediate authority under which he did it P (2.) What is the nature and extent of that authority what its
qualities under the law which gave it, and the constitution under which that law was passed P
If an officer of the United States does any act for which a State Court calls him to account, and he relies in his defence upon the authority, real or supposed, of a statute of Congress, his act is not a law of the United States; but his defence is referred to the effect and validity of a law of the United States, and that is again referred to the constitution, which is the paramount law. The last act done need not be a law of the United States. It is sufficient, if it is attempted to be justified, or its consequences maintamed, under a law of the United States, which it is alleged gave to it a protecting power in the case before the Court.
It is, however, asserted, that the constitution gives jurisdiction only in cases arising under it, or the laws, or treaties of the United States , and that this case does not arise under a law of the United States, because the act of Congress now in question is not a law of the United States. An act of the Congress,

3W
1821.
v. Vir am.

W4
182l. 'CColuomhbeian, s
r. Viirtgne.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in its capacity of local sovereign of the District 'of is said not to be a law of the United
States. But whose law, then, is it P The United States in Congress assembled, are the local sovereigns of the District, and' it is by them that this law is passed. fs it less a law of the United States, because it does not operate directly upon the Union at large-p A statute is not a law of tHe United States on account of the subject on which it acts being limited or unlimited. It is a law of the United States, because it is passed by the legislative power of the United States. The legislative authority over the, District of Columbia, is that of the Union. Its sphere is limited, but the power itself is even greater than. the general federal power of the Union. It is the power of the People and the States combmed; exerted upon their peculiar domain. It is the same Congress which passes both description of laws. The question, whether the law operates beyond the District, is the question upon the merits hereafter to be discussed.
Again; it is said, that the by-law alone is in question, and not the act of Congress" because the bylaw is not passed by virtue of the act of Congress, but by virtue of the inherent power of the people of the District to govern themselves. The act of Congress only calls this inherent power into action: and thb inherent power, when so called into action, is the onuy power which this Court can deal with. The fallacy of this argument consists in its confounding inherent power with an inherent capacity to receive Dower. The subordinate legislative power of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

S65

territories and Districts, which belong to the Union in full sovereignty, is not their power, but that of their superior. But admit this abstract doctrine of inherent power - the question still recurs, what is the constitutional-effect of th power being excited into action-by the paramount power. The action of the inherent power will still depend upon the power by which it is set in motion, and what it can, or cannot do, under that impulse, is just the same questiou
with the other. It is also objected, that a law 6inanating from the
local power,of Congress over-the D'strict-of Columbia, cannot bind the Jnion. But whether it cali or not is the very question to be determined, when the merits come to be discussed; which the writ of error gives authority to decide, and which cannot be decided without entertaining the -writ of error. The argument on the other side, proceeds in a vitious circle. It is asserted, that you must quash the writ of error, because you have no jurisdiction over the case or question. It is, then, said, that you must, take jurisdiction of, and inquire into, the case and the question, in order that you may dismiss the writ of error. or, in other words, you have, and you have not, jurisdiction over the case and'question, and you ought to decide them in order to see that you ought not to decide them. And here again the supposed absurdity of the claim of protection, by the defendant on the record, against the act of Virginia, is urged to authorize a refusal to inquire upon the writ of error, whether it is absurd or not.

1821.
Ceohenx
V.
VWMI.

4821. Cohens
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
3. The next ground of objection to thejurisdiction is, that the writ of error is itself a suit against a State by a citizen of that or some other State. And Bac. Abr. tzt. Error,(L.)'is cited as an authority to
show that a release of all suits is a release of a writ of error. But, even admitting that it may sometimes be technically called a suit, it is not such a suit as is contemplated by the constitution. A writ of error, where a party is to be restored to something, may be released by a release of all suits or actions, because in this respect it resembles an action. But this writ of error is not a suit, because the party is not to be restored to any thing. A reversal of the judgment below -will leave things just as they were before the judgment. But the State of Virginia is not compel. led to come into this Court by the writ of error. A citation, or scirefaczasad audiendum errores,is only notice to the State, leaving it at her option voluntarily to appear. It does not act compulsorily upon the State. It acts upon the Court, which she has used as the instrument to enforce her law. A case is presented by the interference of the judiciary of the State, for the interposition of the appellate power of this Court. The object is to reverse the judgment, and that done, there is an end of the exercise of-power. The United States are liable to the same coercion. They may be called before this Court in the same manner, and the judgments obtamed in their favour may be reversed. And is it then derogatory to the sovereignty of a particular State, that its judgments should be liable to be. controlled in the same manner, in cases within the ju-

OF THE .UNITED STATES.

367

dicial power of the Union P This control is exerted upon the judiciary; upon the judgments of the judiciary. The State is incidentally affected, but that has been already determined in this Court to
be immaterial.a Nor is this sort of control more exceptionable than that which is constantly exercised, in suits between private parties, over the acts of the State legislatures and executives., upon the same ground of their repugnancy to the constitution and. laws of the Union.
If it be asked whether you can give costs against. the State, and enforce the. payment; the answer is, that you cannot do so in any case upon a mere reversal of a judgment. And even if you could in a case between private parties, is it-any objection to the appellate jurisdiction of this Court, where the United States are plaintiffs below, that you cannot award and enforce the payment of costs against them P It is not-jurisdiction over the State of Virginia that is claimed, but over a question arising under the laws of that State,. and over the judgments of her Courts construing those laws. This point is incidentally touched in Mart-in v Hunter, in considering the question as to removal of suits, before judgment, and it is there said by the Court that the remedy of removal of suits would be utterly inadequate to the purposes of the constitution, if it could act only on the parties, and not upon the ,Sate Courts.'

1821..
Cob' ens v.
Virgima-

a Wheat. Dig. Dec. tit. Const. Low, V. (C.) 211.
a 1 Wlwat. Rep. 350.

CASES IN THE. SUPREME COURT

i8l2

'

'

Cohors

V.

Virgim.

4. Lastly. It is insisted, for.the defendant in error, that. this Court has no jurisdiction in the present case, because a State is a party to the original controversy which the writ of error brings before the

Court That the .jurqsdiction, of this Court in all cases, where a State.as.aparty,.is orngral,and therefore it cannot have app.ellate.jurisdictiou in this case.
The obvious answer .to .thi. argument is, that -the
jurisdiction now claimed does not arise under that part of the constitution which gives original .. uris. diction to the Supreme Court in cases in which a State is a party, but the jurisdiction is asserted under.that clause which gives the federal judiciary
Cognizance of all cases arising under the constitu.fin,laws, and treaties of the United States, w.1thout .regard.to the character of the- parties. In this lattet elas of cases the Supreme Court has appellate jurisdiction. In some of this description of cases, the jurisdiction could not be originally exercised. The penal laws of'a State cannot be originally enforced, .or-enforced at all, by a judicature of the Union. They cannot therefore form the subjects of, or create subjects for, its original jurisdiction. The Courts -of the United States can here exert only a controling or restraining power for the. protection of the rights of the Union, and this can only be done by
ppea or writ of error. This view of the subject is takexi.in Martin v. Hunter. The Court there says,
Suppose an indictment, for a crime in a State Court, and the defendant should allege in his defence, that the crime was committed by an expost
facto act of the State:, must not .the State Court, im

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the exercise ofajurisdiction which has already rightfully attached, have a right to pronounce on the sufficiency and validity of the defence It would be extremely difficult, upon any legal principles, to give a negative answer to these inquiries. Innumerable instances of the same sort might be stated in illustration of the position, and unless the State
Courts could sustain junsdiction in such cases, this clause of the sixth article would be without meaning or effect, and public mischiefs of a most.enormous magnitude would inevitably ensue. "" So the Court afterwards say, in the context of the passage before cited, speaking of the inadequacy, of the remedy of removal of suits to accomplish the purposes -of the constitution, in respect to criminal prosecutions. the difficulty seems admitted to be insurmountable,"ib &c. What difficulty ? The difficulty, of controlling them by the Courts of the United States without the aid of a writ of error, because those Courts could take no original cognizance of this description of cases, and they could not be removed before judgment. As, then, the federal Courts have no original jurisdiction of cases arising merely under the consti-
tution, laws, and treaties of the Union, it follows, that the clause of the constitution which speaks of cases in which a State shall be a party, does not apply to it. and the appellate power, now in question, is to be sought for in that part of the same article which declares, that the judicial power of the
Union shall extend to all cases arising under the

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgina.

a 1 0/7wat. Rep. 341. VOL. VI.

b 1 Wheat. Rep. 350. 47

370
1821. Cobens
v. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
constitution, laws, and treaties of the Union, coupled with the subsequent provision, which declares, that in all cases to which that judicial power extends, this Court shall have appellate, where it has
not orqinal jurisdiction, with such exceptions, and under such regulations as Congress may prescribe. That it has appellate jurisdiction in all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, is established by the authority of the case of Martin v Hunter" and that this appellate power is competent to control the State Courts, is also proved, by that case.8 There is, therefore, no open question but this, does the fact of a State being a party prosecutor in the State Court, make this case an excepti6a, and take it out of the general rule ? Upon the plai , policy and purpose of the constitution it does not. This jurisdiction has already been shown to be different in its nature from the original jurisdiction ,which was exercised over States before the amendment of the constitution. But that other jurisdiction will go far to show, that there is nothing unnatural in giving appellate power over State Courts in cases where a State is a party plainuff. The constitution authorized direct coercion over States or private citizens indifferently. The amendment has partly taken this away, but the spirit of the constitution is still manifested by the former provision.. The same constitution also authorized appellate control over State Courts; and is it natural that it should condemn the same control, merely be-

a I Weat. Rep. 304.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

cause a State has obtained the judgment to be revised P The constitution had no delicacy with regard to States on this matter. It considered them as directly amenable where original jurisdiction can be exerted. Why not empower its tribunals to affect their interests in an appellate form, by acting, not on the State, but on its Courts, as unquestionably it does in all cases where individuals are parties below P The appellate power is trifling, compared with the original as it formerly stood and a constitution which gave the last could have no scruples about the first. The appellate control is respectful to the State sovereignties compared with the original, and it stands upon high considerations of self defence, upon grounds of constitutional necessity not applicable to the other. The suability of the States might have been dispensed with, and the%constitution still be safe. But the judicial control of the Union over State encroachments and usurpations, was indispensable to the sovereignty of the constitution-to its integrity-to its very existence. Take it away, and the Union becomes again a loose and feeble confederacy-a government of false and foolish confedence-a delusion and a mockeryI Why is it in cases, in which individuals are parties in a State Court, that. the judgment may be revisal in this Court P Because the judiciary of the Union ought to possess ample power to preserve the consntution, and laws, and treaties of the Union, from violation by other judicatures. Its judicial powers should be commensurate with its other powers, and rights, and prerogatives. They might else be evaded and

1821.
Cohens
v.
Virguna.

372

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

821.
Cohens
v. Viviua.

trampled under foot by judicatures. in which the constitution does not confide. This higah motive is as strong, at least, where a State is plaintiff or prosecutor in its own Courts, as where it is not.
Indeed, it is far stronger, for all the motives to judicial leanings and partialities here operate in their fullest force, though the State judges may not be conscious of their influence. The sovereignty of thie State law-State pride-State interests-are
here in paramount vigour as inducements to error and judicial usurpation is countenanced by legislative support and popular prejudice. Let the Court look to the consequences of this distincuon. A State passes a law repugnant to the national constitution. It gives a remedy in the name of an individual-a common informer. You may control this law, if the State judiciary acts upon it. But the State may avoid this (as it seems) by authorxzing the remedy in its own name; and you thus lose your protectingjurisdiction over the subject, although you' might still exercise it, as in the other case, in the inoffiensive mode of confining your control to the State judiciary. The whole constitution of the Union might
-thus be overturned unless force should be resorted to: and the object of the constitution was to avoid force, by giving ordinary judicial power of correc-
tion.. It has been said that a-wsovereign State of the
Union is not amenable to judicature, unless made so by express words---eo novizne. I deny this as respects appellate jurisdiction, which acts, not on the
State, but on its Courts. The words of the consti-

OF THE UNITED STATES
tution are sufficiently express, and all reason is on that side especially since it is, or must be admittedi that these Courts may be thus controlled, and the legislative power of tue State be reached through them, and controlled also* and especially too, when the constitution has -notscrupled, in other cases, to subject the States to direct control.
But it is contended, that there are cases arising under the constitution and laws of the Union, which, from their very nature, are not the subjects ofjudicial cQgnizance, and consequently are exceptions out of the general grant of judicial power under the constitution, such as the prohibition to the States to grant titles of nobility, &c." and that the present case may be such an exception. But the very supposition admits, that if the case in question is suited to the exertion of judicial power, it is not an exception. and the moment a State judiciary intervenes, judicial jurisdiction can, and ought to be exerted. It is unnecessary to inquire how the case must, in general, exist, in order to become the proper object of judicial cognizance, for here it does exist in a proper shape for that purpoe,. A State Court has intervened, and the regular appellate power of this Court may act. Nor does the proof of some exeep. tions arising from necessity, establish other exceptions free from that necessity. Many unlawful. things cannot be restrained by judicature* but does it follow that where they can be restrained, they shall not P
Again It is said that the States may destroy the federal Government at their pleasure, merely by for-

$73
1s2.
" ' v.
Virertz)

8.74

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohens
v. Virna.

bearng tb elect Senators, and to provide for the election of a President and Representatives, and that the authority of the Union Is incompetent to coerce them.. Such extreme arguments prove nothing to

the present purpose but suppose the States could not be coerced in such a case to do their dutyj because no intervening Court or agent is necessary to the accomplishment of such a desperate purpose, does this -prove that you cannot defensively control active violations of the constitution -or laws, when a controllable judicature or agent intervenes to perpetrate these violatons P
It is also said, that this is a prosecution under a penal statute, and that criminal cases peculiarly belong to the domestic forum. The answer is, that so was the case of M'Culoch v. Maryland, a qui tam action, under a penal law of- that State, giving one -halfof the penalty to the State, and the other half to the informer ;yet this Court did not consider the nature of the suit, or the circumstance of a State being a party, as forming a valid objection to the jurisdiction.' Nobody objects to a State enforcing its own penal laws all that is claimed is, that in executing them, it should not violate the laws of the Union, which are paramount -Sic utere tuo
ut alienum non kcdas. The other suppositions which have been stated of
bills ofattainder and ex postfacto laws passed by the *States, and attempted to be executed, but decided by this Court to be unconstitutional, and yet the

a 4 Wheat. Rep. 316.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

State Courts persisting in carrying them into effect,

even in capital cases, are too wild and extravagant,

to illustrate any question which can ever practically

arise.

arise.Virgima.

1821.
Cohens
V.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion mam 3d.
of the Court. This is a writ of error to a judgment rendered in
the Court of Hustings for the borough of Norfolk, on an information for selling lottery tickets, contrary to an act of the Legislature of Virginia. In the
State Court, the defendant claimed the protection of an act of Congress. A case was agreed between the parties, which states the act of Assembly on Which the prosecution was founded, and the act of Congress on which the defendant relied, and concludes in these words. "If upon this case the Court shall be of opinion that the acts of Congress before mentioned were valid, and, on the true constructionl of those acts, the lottery tickets sold by the defendants as aforesaid, might lawfully be sold within the State of Virginia, notwithstanding the act or statute of the general assembly of Virginia prohibiting such
sale, then judgment to be entered for the defendants: And if the Court should be of opinion that the statute or act of the General Assembly of the State of Virginia, prohibiting such sale, is valid, notwithstanding the said acts of Congress, then judgment to be entered that the defendants are guilty, and that the Commonwealth, recove against
them one hundred dollars and costs."

376
1821.
Cohens
V.
rina.

CASES. IN THE SUPREME COURT
Judgment was rendered against the defendants; and the Court in which it was rendered being the highest Court of the State in which the cause was cognizable, the record has been brought into this Court by writ of error.0
The defendant in error moves to dismiss this writ, for want of jurisdiction.
In support of this motion, three points have been made, and argued with the ability which the importance of the question merits. These points are-
Ist; That a State is a defendant. 2d. That no writ of error lies from this Court to a State Court. 3d. The third point has been presented in different forms by the gentlemen who have argued it. The counsel who opened the cause said, that the want of jurisdiction was shown by the subject matter of the case. The counsel who followed him said, that-jurisdiction was not given by the judiciary act. The Court has bestowed all its attention on the arguments of both gentlemen, and supposes that their tendency is to show that this Court has no jarisdiction of the case, or, in other words, has no right to review the judgment of the State Court, because neither the constitution nor any law of the United States has been violated by that judgment. The questions presented to the Court by the two

a-The plaintiff in error prayed an appeal from the judgment of the Court of Hustings, but it was refused, on the. ground that there was no higher State tribunal which could take cogm-
zance of the case.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

first points made at the bar are of great magnitude,

and may be truly said vitally to affect the Union. They exclude the inquiry whether the constitution and laws of the United States have been violated by the judgment which the plaintiffs in error seek to review, and maintain that, admitting such violation, it is not in the power of the government to apply a corrective. They maintain that the nation does not possess a department capable of restraining peaceably, and by authority of law, any attempts which may be made, by a part, against the legitimate powers of the whole, and that the government

is reduced to the alternative of submitting to such attempts, or of resisting them by force. They main-

tam that the constitution of the United States has provided no tribunal for the final construction of -itself, or of the,laws or treaties of the nation; but that
this power may be exercised in the last resort by the Courts of every State in the Union. That the constitution, Jaws, and treaties, may receive as many constructions as there are States , and that this is not a mischief, or, if a mischief, is irremediable. These abstract propositions are to be determined; for he who demands decision without permitting inquiry, affirms that the decision he asks does not depend on inquiry.
If such be the constitution, it is the duty of the Court to bow with respectful submission to its provisions. If such be not the constitution, it is equally the duty of this Court to say so, and to perform that task which the American people have assigned to the judicial department.

VOL. VI.

48

377
ismz.
Cohens
V. Virgia.

378

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

2Z .

1st. The first question to be considered is, whe,

Cohen's ther the junsdicton of this Court is excluded by.the

Virgvin.ia. character of the parties, one of them being a State, The urie. and the other a citizen of that StateP

tliOn of thth
Court, under The second section of the third artile of the COw.
the 25th sectioxx
or the Judicia. stitution-defines the extent of the judicial power of
ry Act of 1789.
excl2u0d.;ed is .nboyt the United States. Jurisdiction is given -to the thedrcd-hm- Courts of the Union in two classes of cases. In

Stance of the

tohnee partier,be

'st, tir jurisdiction depends on the eharacter

oneaStat n of the-cause, whoever may be the -parties This

tie of atht class comlrehends "all cases in law and equityan-

State. sing" under-.this constitution, the-laws of the United
States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, undertheir authority."- This clause extends the junsdiction of the Court to all the cases described, without maiking in its terms any exception -whatever, and without any regard.to .the condition of the party. --If there be any exception, it is-to be implied against the express words of the article.
In the- second class, -thejurisdiction depends- en-
tirely on the character of the parties. In this are comprehended "controversies between two or more States, between a State and citizens of another State," " and between a State and foreign States, citizens or. subjects." If these be the parties, it is entirely unimportant what may be the subject of controversy. Be it what it may, these parties have a constitutional right to come into the .Courts of the Union.
The-counsel for the defeiilant in error have sta·-ted. that the cass' which aiise underthe eonstitution
must grow out of those provisions -which, ate capa-

OF THE UNITED. STATES.

ble of seff-execution, examples of which are -to be found in the 2d section of the 4th articleand in, the 10th section of the 1st article.
A case which arises under a law of the -United States must, we are likewise told, be a right given by some act which becomes necessary to execute the powers given in the. constitution, of which the law of naturalization is mentioned as an example.
The use intended to be made-of this exposition of the first part of the section, defining the extent of the judicial power, is not clearly understood. .If the iiitention be merely to distinguish cases arising uilder the constitution, from those ari~ing under a law, for the sake of precision in theapplication of this argument, these propositions will not be controverted. .If it be to maintain that a case ariswg.under the 'constitution, or a law, must be one in which a party comes into Court to demand something conferred on him by the copstitution or a law, we think the construction too narrow. A case in law, or equity consists of the right of the one party, as well as of the other, and may truly be said to arise under the constitution or a law of the United States, whenever its correct decision depends on the construction of either. Congress seems to have intended to give its own construction of this part of the constitution in the 25th section of the judiciary act , and we perceive no reason to depart from that construction.
The jurisdiction of the Court,. then, being extended by the letter of the d&nstitution to all cases arising under it,. or under the laws of the United States, it follows-that those who would withdraw

1s21.
Cohens
V.
Y rguu,

3So

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' 'Cobens
V.
VIUVIn..

any case of this. description from that jurisdiction,
must sustain the exemption they claim on the spirit
and true meaning of the constitution, which spirit and true meaning must be so apparent as to overrule

the words which its framers have employed. The counsel for the defendant in error have under-
taken to do this ; and have .-laid .down. the general proposition, that a sovereign indepedent State-is not suable, except by its own consent.
This general proposition will .not. be controverted. But its consent is not requisite in each particular case. It may he given in a. general law. And if a State has surrendered any portion of its.sovereignty, the quiestion whether a liability to suit be a part of this portion, depends on the instrument by which the surrender is made. If. upon h just construction of that instrument, it shall appear that. the State has submitted to be sued, then it has parted with this soyereign right of judging in every case on the jus, tice of its own pretensions, and has entrusted that
power to a tribunal in whose impartiality it confides. The American States, as well as the American
people, have believed a close and firm Union to be essential to their liberty and to their happiness. They. have been taught by experience, that this Union cannot exist without a government for the whole; and they haye been taught by the same experience that this government would be a mere'sha-
dow, that must disappoint all their hopes, unless invested with-It e portions of that sovereignty wbich belongs to independent States. Under the influence of-this opinion, and thus instucted by experience,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ti American people, in the conventions of their respective States, adopted the present constitution.
If it eould be doubted, whether from its nature, it were not supreme in all cases where it is empowered to act, that doubt Would be removed by the declaration,. that "this constitution, and the laws of the United States, which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all. treaties made, or which shall be made,.under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme law of the. land ; and the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any tbing in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding;"
This is the authoritative language of the American people, and, if gentlemen please, of the American States. It marks, with lines too strong to be mistaken, the characteristic distinction between the government of the Union, and those of the States. The general government, though limited as to its objects, is supreme with respect to those objects. This principle is a part of the -constitution., and if there be any who deny its necessity, none can deny its authority.
To this supreme government ample powers are confided, and if it were possible to doubt the great purposes for which they were so confided, the people of the United States have declared, that they are given " in order to form a more perfect union, establishjustice, ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for tihe common defence, promote the general welfare, and secure the.blessings of libefty to themsdlves and, their posterity."

1891.
Cohens
V. Virgim

382

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.

With the ample powers confided to this supreme

Cohens Sgovernment,-for

these interesting purposes, are con-

v. nected many express and important limitations on Virgmm. the sovereignty of the States, which are made for

the same-purposes. The powers of the Union, on the great subjects-of war, peace, and commerce, and on many others, are in themselves limitations of the sovereignty of the. States, but in addition to these, the -sovereignty of the States is surrendered in many instances where the surrender can only operate to the enefit of the people, and where, perhaps, no other power is conferred on Congress than a conservative power to maintain the principles established in the constitution. The maintenance of these principles in.their-purity, is .certainly among the great duties of the. government. One of the. instruments by which this duty may be peaceably performed, is the .judicial department. It is authoritl to decide all cases of every desciiption, arising undetr the consttution or laws of the United States. TFom this general.grant of junsdictibn, no exception is made
of those cases In. which 'a State may be & party. Wheal we consider the situation of the geyerament of the Union. and of a State, in relatior to eavlt oiler, the nature of bur constitution , the subordina, tion of the State governments to th'at constitution ; the great purpose for whieh jurisdiction over all qa.se§ arising under the constitution and laws of Tue United Siates, is confided to the judicial departmeit; ·ar6 we at liberty, to insert -in this general gran, an exception of th6sw cases in which-a State may be a

OF THE UNITED -STATES.

383

partyP Will the spirit of the constitution justify this
httempt to control its words P We think it will not. We think a case arising under the constitution or laws of the Ubited States, is cognizable in the Courts of the Union, whoever may be the parties to that case.
Had any aoubt existed with respect to the just construction of this part of the section, that doubt would have been removed by the enumeration of those cases to which the jurisdiction of the federal Courts is exteilded, in consequence of the character of the parties. In that enumeration, we find "controversies between two or more States, between a State and citizens of another State," " and between a State and foreign'States, citizens, or stibjects."
One of the express objects, then, for which the judicial department was established, is the decision
of controversies between States, and between a State. and individuals. The mere circumstance, that a State is a party, gives jurisdiction to the Court. How, then, can it be contended, that the very same instrument, in the very same section, should be so construed, as that this same circumstance should withdraw a case from thejurisdiction of the Court, where the constitution- or laws of the United States are supposed to have been violated P *The constitution gave to every person. having a claim upon a State, a right to submit.his case to the Court of'the nation. However unimportant his claim might be, however little the community might be interested m its decision, .the framers of .ourconstitution thought it necessary for the purposes of justice, to provide a

1821.
Cohens
v. Virginia.

384

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. Cohens
V.
Virginm.

tribunal as superior to influence as possible, in which Sthat claim might be decided. Can it be imagined, that the same persons considered a case involving the constitution of our country and the majesty of the

laws, questions in which every American citizen must be deeply interested, as withdrawn from this tribunal, because a State is a party P
While weighing arguments drawn from the nature of government, and from the general spirit of an instrument, and urged for the purpose of narrowing the construction which the words of that instrument seem to require, it is proper to place in the opposite scale those principles, drawn from the same sources, which go to sustain the words in their full operation and natural import. One of these, which has been pressed with great force by the counsel for the plain-
tiffs in error, is, that the judicial power of every well constituted government must be co-extensive with the legislative, and must be capable of deciding every judicial question which grows out of the constitution and laws.
If any proposition may be considered as a politi.cal axiom, this, we think, may be so considered. In reasoning upon it as an abstract question, there would, probably, exist no contrariety of opinion respecting it. Every argument, proving the necessity of the department, proves also the propriety of giving this extent to it. We do not mean to say, that the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Union should be construed to be co-extensive with the legislative, merely because it is fit that it should be so; but we mean to say, that this fitness furnishes an argument

OF THE UNITED STATES.

in construing the constitution which ought never to lie overlooked, and which is most especially entitled

to consideration, when we are inquiring, whether the words of the instrument which purport to establish this principle, shall be contracted for the purpose of destroying it.

The mischievous consequences of the construction contended for on the part of Virginia, are also entitled to great consideration. It would prostrate, it has been said, the government and its laws at the feet of every State in the Union. And would not this be its effect P What power of the government could be executed by its own means, in any State disposed to resist its execution by a course of legislation P The laws must be executed by individuals acting within the several States. If these individuals

may be exposed to penalties, and if the Courts of the Union cannot correct the judgments by which these penalties may be enforced, the course of the government may be, at any time, arrested by the will of one of its members. Each member will pos-

sess a veto on the will of the whole. The answer which has been given to this argu-

ment, does not deny its truth, but insists that confidence is reposed, and may be safely reposed, in the State institutions , and that, if they shall ever become so insane or so wicked as to seek the destruction of the government, they may accomplish their object by refusing to perform the functions assigned

to them. We readily concur with the counsel for the de-

VOt VI.

49

1821.
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE'STPREMlE COURT

1821.
-Coliens
VAirgima.

fendant, in the declaration, that the cases which have been put of direct legislative resistance for the purpose of opposing the acknowjedged powers of the go.vernm nt, are extreme .cases, and in the hope, that
they will iever occur; but we cannot help believing, that a general conviction of the total mcapacity.of the.government to protect itself and its laws-in.such cases, would contribute in no inconsiderable degree to their vcurrence.
Let it be admitted, that.the cases which have been put are extreme and improbablej yet-there are gradations of opposition to th1e laws, far-short of those cases, which might have a baneful influence.-on the affirs of the nation. Differpnt States may entertain different opinions on the true construction of the constitutional powers of Congress. We know, that at one time, ti e assumption of the -debts contracted by-the severa' States, during the war qf our revolution, was deemed unconstitutional-by some-of them. **&know, too, that at other times, certain taxes, Im-
posed by Congross, have been pronounced unconstitutional. Other laws have been questioned -partial1y, while they were supported bythe great majority of the American people. We have-no assurance that we shall be less divided than we have been. States may legislate. in conformity to their opinions, and may enforce those opinions by- penalties. It.would be hazarding too much to assert, that the judicatures of the States will be exempt from the prejudices by which-the legislatures and peonileare influenced, and will constitute perfectly impartial tribunals. In many States the judges are dependent for office and

OF THE UNITED STArPES.

S81

for salary on the will of the legislature. The con- 1821.
stitution of the United States furnishes no security ty Cohens against the universal adoption of this principle. V. When we observe the importance which that const- Vigibla. tution attaches to the independence of judges, we are the less inclined to suppose that it can have. intended to leave these conitifutin-'A questions to tribunals where this independence may not exist, in all cases where a State shall prosecute an individual who claims the protection of an act of Congress. These prosecutions may take place even without a legislative act. A person making a seizure under an act of Congress, may be indicted as a trespasser, if force has been employed, and of this a jury may judge. How extensive may be the mischief if the first decisions in such cases should be final'
These collisions may take place in times of no extraordinary commotion. But a constitutton is
framed for ages to come, aad is designed to approach immortality as nearly as human institutions can approach it. Its course cannot always be tranquil. It is exposed to storms and tempests, and its framers must be unwise statesmen indeed, if they have not provided it, as far as its nature will permit,- with the means of self-preservation from the -perils it nmayibe
destined to encounter. No government ought to-be so defective in its organization, as not to- confalin within itself the means of securing the execution.of ats own laws against other dangers than those which occur every day. Courts of justice are the means most.usually employed; and .it is reasonable to expect that a government should 'repose on its

388

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. own Courts, rather than on others. There is cer-
Stainly nothing in the circumstances under which our constitution was formed , nothing in the history of
Virrna, the. times, which would justify the opinion that the

confidence reposed in the States was so implicit as to leave in them and their -tribunals the power of resisting or defeating, in the form of law, the legitimate measures of the Union. The requisitions of Congress, -under the confederation, were as constitutionally obligatory as the laws enacted by the. present
Congress. That they were habitually disregarded, is a fact of universal notoriety. With: the knowledge of this fact, and under its full pressure, a conventiou was assembled to change the system. Is i.t so improbable that they should confer on the judicial-department the power of construing the constitution
and laws-of the Union-n every case, in the last resort, and of preserving them from all violation from
every quarter, so far as j*udicial decisions can pre-
serve them, that this improbability should essentially affect the construction of the new system P We are
told, and we.:are truly told, that the great. change which is to-give efficaey to the present system, is its ability to act on individuals directly,,instead. of act-
ing through the instrumentality -of State governments. But, ought not this ability, in reason and sound policy, to be applied directly to the protection of individuals employed in the execution of the
laws, as well as to their coercion. Your laws reach the individual without the aid of any other power, why may they not protect him from punishment foi performing his duty in executing them?

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.The counsel for Virginia endeavour to obviate the force of these arguments by saying, that the dangers they suggest, if not imaginary, are inevitable , that the constitition can make no provision against them, and. that, therefore, in construing that- instrument, they ought to be excluded from our consideration, This.stato of things, they say, cannot arise.until there shall -be a disposition so hostile to the present political system as to produce a determination to destroy it, and, when that deternination shah be produced, its effects will not be restrained by- parchment. stipulations. The fate of the constitution will not then depend on judicial decisions. But, should no appeal be made to force, the States can put an eid to the government "byrefusing to act. They have only not to elect Senators, and it expires without a:struggle.-
It is very truJ that, Whenever hogtility to the ex-
itiig system shall become universal, it will be also irresistible. The people made the constitution, and the people can unmake it. It is the creature of 1heir will, and lives only by their will. But this supreme and irresistible power to make or to unmake, resides only in,the whole body of the people, not in any sub-divisiou of them. The attempt of any of the parts to exercise it is usurpation, and ought to be repelled by those to whom the people have delegated
their power of repelling it. The acknowledged inability of the government,
then. -to sustain itself against the public will, and, by force or otherwise, to control the whole nation, A no sound argunment in support of its constitutional

1821. Coh'en VirgYifla.

CASES I N THE, SUPREME. COURT

1821. Cobens Cohens
V. Virgaa.

inability to preserve itself against a section of the nation acting in opposition to the general will.
It is true, that if all the States, or a majority of them, refuse to elect Senators, the legislative powers
of the Union will be suspended. But if any one State shall refuse to elect them, the Senate will not, on that account, be the less capable of performing all its functions. The argument founded on this fact would seem rather to prove the subordination of the parts to the whole, than the complete independence of any one of them. The framers of the constitution were, indeed, unable to make any provisions
which should protect that instrument against a general combination of the States, or of the .people, for its destruction, and, conscious of this inability.
they have not made the attempt. But they were able to provide against -the operation of measure. adopted in any one State, whose tendency might bE to arrest the execution of the laws, and this it wat
the part of truef wisdom -to attempt. We think the3
have attempted it. It has been also urged, as an additional objectioi
to the jurisdiction of the Court, that cases between. State and one of its own citizens, do not come with in the general scope of the constitution; and wer, obviously never intended to be 'made cogmzable it the federal Courts. The State tribunals might b suspected of partiality in cases between itself or it citizens and aliens, or the citizens of another State but not in proceedings by a State against its own ci tizens. That jealousy which might exist in th first case, could not exist in the last, and therefor the judicial power is not extended to the last.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

This is very true, so far as jurisdiction depends on the character of the parties, and the argument would have great force if urged to prove that this Court could not establish the demand of a citizen upon his State, but is not entitled to the same force when urged to prove that this Court cannot inquire whether the constitution or laws of the United States protect a citizen from a prosecution instituted against him by a State. If jurisdiction depended entirely on the character of the parties, and was not given where the parties have not an original'right to come into Court, that part of the 2d section of the 3d article, which extends the judicial power to all eases arising under the constitution and laws of the United States, would be mere surplusage. It -is to give jurisdiction where the character of the parties would not give it, that this very important part of the..clause was inserted. It may be true, that the partiality of the State tribunals, in ordinary controversies between a State and its citizens, was not apprehended, and therefore the judicial power of the Union. was not extended to such cases, but this was not the sole. nor the greatest object for which this department was created. A more important, a much more interesting object, was the preservation of the constitution and. laws of the United States, so far as they can be preserved by judicial authority, and therefore the jurisdiction of the Courts of the Union was expressly extended to all cases arising under that constitution and those laws, If the constilution or laws may be violated by pro-

1821.
Cohens
v.
Virgima.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. ceedings instituted by a State against its own citi-

zens, and if that violation may be such as essentially VitVm.a. to affect the constitution and the laws, such as to

arrest the progress of government in its constitu-

tional course, why should these cases be excepted

from that provision which expressly extends the ju-

dicial power of the Union to all cases arising under

the constitution and laws P

After bestowing on this subject the most atten-

tive consideration, the Court can perceive no reason

founded on the character of the parties for introdu-

cing an exception which the constitution has not

made, and we think that the judicial power, as

originally given, extends to all cases arising under

the constitution or a law of the United States, who-

ever may be the parties. ·he rstills It has been also contended, that this jurisdiction,

Court in all ca-
e B s,,,g U,,. if given, is original, and cannot be exercised i the
der the consfi-
taatitdioNtre, atieKsZ-o,f appellate form.

the Uni6n,

The words of the constitution are, "in all cases

Wbere a State

is a party, may affecting ambassadors, other public ministers, and

be exercised in

tbrmappellate consuls, and those in which a State shall bea-party,

the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all the other cases before mentioned, the Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction."
This distinction between original and appellate jurisdiction, excludes, we are.told, in all cases, the exercise of the one where the other is given.
The constitution gives the Supreme Court original jurisdiction in certain enumerated cases, and gives it appellate jurisdiction in all others. Among those in

which jurisdiction must be exercised in the appellate

OF THE UNITED STATES.

form, are cases arising under the constitution and

laws of the United States. These provisions of the

constitution are equally obligatory, and are to be equally respected. If a State be a party, the juris-

diction of this Court is original, if the case arise

under a constitution or a law, the junsdiction is ap-

pellate. But a case to which a State ts a party may

arise under the constitution or a law of the United

States. What rule is applicable to such a caseP

What, then, becomes the duty of the Court P Cer-

tainly, we think, so to construe the constitution as to

give effect to both provisions, as far as it is possible

to reconcile them, and not to permit their seeming

repugnancy to destroy each other. We must endea-

vour so to construe them as to preserve the true intent

and meaning of the instrument.

In one description of cases, the jurisdiction of the

Court is founded entirely on the character of the

parties, and the nature qf the controversy is not

contemplated by the constituton. The character of

the parties is every thing, the nature of the case no-

thing. In the other description of cases, the juris-

diction is founded entirely on the character of the

case, and the parties are not contemplated by the

constitution. In these, the nature of the case is every

thing, thocharacter of the parties nothing. When,

then, the constitution declares the jurisdiction, in

cases where a State shall be a party, to be original,

and in all cases arising under the constitution or a law,.

to be appellate.-the conclusion seems irresistible,

that its framers designed to include in the first class

VOL. VI.

so

393.
1821. Coliens
V.

59"

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

isel.
Cohens
v. V.irDm

.those cases in which jurisdiction is given, because a SState. isa -party, and to include in the second, those
in. which.jurisdicton.is'given, because.the case arises under the constitution, or a law.
This reasonable construction is rendered necessary by other considerations.
That the constitution or a law of the Umted $tates)-i involved in a.case, and makes a part of it, may. appear in the progress of a.cause, in which the Courts of the Union, hut for that circumstance, would. have no jurisdiction, and which of consequence could -not originate in the Supreme Court. Insucha case, the jurisdiction can.be exercised only in its appellate form.. To deny its exercise in this
form is to deny its existence, and would be to construe a"clause,, dividing the power of the, Supreme
Coqrt, iin such manneras ina considprable degree to defeat the power itself. All must percive, that this construction- can be justified only where .it is absolutely -neqessary. We do not think the article under consideration presents that-necessity.
It is observable, that in this distributive clause, no
negative words;are introdu-ed. This observation is not made- for the purpose of contending, that the legislature may. " apportion the judicial power between, the Supreme and inferibr Courts -according to its-will." That.would be, as was said by this Court int-he -case of Marbiry v. Madison, to sender.;the dimibutive clause " mere surplusage,2 to make it "f6rai :without substance." This cannotj therefore, be the. true constructin of the article.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
But although the absence of negative words will not authorize the legislature to disregard the distribution of the power previously granted, their absefice will justify a sound cons, liction of the whole.article, so as to give every part :ts intended effect. It is admitted, that "1affirmative words are often, in their operation, negative of other objects than.those affirmed ;" and that where "a negative or exclusive sense must be given to them, or they have no operation at 411 they must receive that negative or exclusive sewse. But where they have full operation without it ,-where it would destroy some of the most important objects for which the power was created; thep we think, affirmative words ought not ,to be construed negatively.
-The constitution declares, that in cases where a State is a party, the Supreme Court shall have odgmal jurisdiction , but does not say that its appellate jurisdiction shall not be exercised ih cases where, from their nature, appellate jurisdiction is give'a whether a- State be or be' not a party. It may be conceded, that where the case is of such a nature as to admit of its originating-in the Supreme Court, it ought to originate there ; but where, from its nature, it cannot originate in that Court, these words ought not to be so construed as to require it. There are many cases in which it would e found extremely difficult, and subversive. of the spirit of -the consutu. tion, to maintain the-construction, that -appellate'ji. rsdiction cannQt be exercised where one .of the parties might sue or be sued in thus Court.
The constitution defines the jurisdiction of the

M9
ie2r.
Cohens
v. Virgini.

396
Ieti. -
W. V'w32a.

CASES- IN THE SUPREME. COURT
Supreme Court, but does.not define that of the inferior Courts. Can -it be-affirmedthat a State miglit not. sue the citizen of another State . a Circuit Court. ? Should the Circuit Court decide for or against its jurisdictin, should it dismiss the suit, or give.judgment against .h Statei might not its decision be revised m the. Supreme Court P The argument is, that it could not, and the very clause. which is urged to prove, that the Circuit Court could.give no judgment in the case. is also urged to prove, that its judgment is irreversible. A supervising Court, whose. peculiar province it is to correct the-errors of an inferior Court,..has no power to.correct a-judgment given without jurisdiction, because, in the same case, that supervising Court has original jurisdiction. Had negative-words been employed, it would lie difficult to -give them this construction if they would admit of any other. But, without negative words, this irrational construction can never be.maietamined.
So, too, in the same clause,.thejurisdietion of the Court is declared to be original,. " in cases affecting ambassadors, other public mimniters, and consuls." There is, perhaps, no part of the article under consideration so much required Iy national policy as this ; unless it be that -part which extends the judicial power. '-to all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States." It has been generally held, that.the State.Courts have a concurrent jurisdiction with the federal Courts, in cases to which the judicial power is extended, unless the jurisdiction of the federal Courts be rendered exela-

OF THE UNITED STATS_9

397

sive by the words of the third article. If the words, "to all cases," give exclusive jurisdiction in eases affecting foreign ministers, they may also give exclusive jurisdiction, if such be the will of Congress, in cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treates of the United States. Now, suppose an individual were to sue a foreign minister in a State Court, and that Court were to maintain its jurisdiction, and render judgment against the minister, could it be contended, that this Court would be incapable of revising such judgment, because the constitution had given it original jurisdiction in the case.? If this could be maintained, then a clause inserted for the purpose of excluding the jurisdiction of all other Courts than this, in a particular-case, would have the effect of excluding the jurisdietion of this Courtin that very case, if the suit were to be brought in another Court, and that Court, were to assert jurisdiction. This tribunal, according to the argument which has been urged, could neither revie the judgment of such other Court, nor suspend its proceedings- for a writ of prohibition, or any other similar writ, is m the nature -of appellate process.
Foreign consuls frequently assert, in our Prize Courts, the claims of their fellow subjects. These suits are maintained by them as consuls. The appellate power of this Court has .been frequently exercised in such cases, and has never been questioned. It-would be extremely mischievous to withhold its exercise. Yet the consul is a party on the record. The truth ii, that where the words confer only ,.ppellate jurisdiction, original jurisdiction is most

1821.
Cohen;
V. VirgaD,,

398

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohens
V. Virginia.

clearly not given ; but where the words admit of
appellate junsdiction, the power to take cognzance of the suit originally, does not necessarily negative the power to d(ecide upon it on. an appeal, if it may

orgiuate in a difterent Court. It is, we think, apparpnt, that to give this distrt-
butive clause the interpretation contended for, to give to its affirmative words a negative operaticn, in every possible case, would, in some instances, defeat the obvious intention of the article. Such an interpretation would not consist with those rules which, from tinme immemorial, have guided Courts, in -their construction of instruments brought under their consideration. It must,.therefore, bediscarded. Every part of the article must -be taken into view, and -that construction adopted which will consist with. its words, and promote its general intention. The Court may imply a negative- from affirmgtive words, where the implication promotes, not-where it defeats the intention..
If we apply this principle, the correctness of which we believe will -not -be-controverted, to-the
distributive clause under. consideration, -the-result, we think, would be this: the original jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, in cases where a. State is a party, refirs to. those cases in-:which, accor.i-to the, grant of power made in -theprecedig-latise, jurisdiction might be exercised in -consequence -of the character, of the -party, and an original suit might be institutedin any of thb federial Courts'.not to-those- iases in Which an o"iginalsuiti miht 'notbe

OF THE UNITED STATES.
instituted in a federal Court. Of the last description, is every case between a State and its citizens, and, perhaps, every case in which a State is enforcing its penal laws. In such cases, therefore, the Supreme Court cannot take original jurisdiction. In every other case, that is, in every case to which the judicial power extends, and in Which original jurisdiction is not expressly given, that judicial power shall be exercised in the appellate, and only in the appellate form. The original jurisdiction of this Court cannot be enlarged, but'its appellate jurisdiction may be exercised in every.case cognizable under the thirdarticle of the constitution, in the federal Courts, in which original jurisdiction cannot be exercised , and the extent of this judicial power is to be measuredi not by giving the affirmative words of the distributive -clause a negative operation in- every-possible case, but'by giiing their true meaning to the words which define its extent.
The counsel for the defendant in error urge, in opposition to this rule of construction, some dicta of the Court, in -the,case .of Marbury.v Madison.
JIt is a maxim not to be disregarded, that general expressions, in every opinton, are to be taken in connection with the case in which those expressions are used. If they go beyond the case, they may be respected, but ought not to cntrol. the judgment in a subsequent suit-when the-very point is presented for clie .n. The reason of this maxim is olivious. The question actually before the Court is investigated with care, andpconsidered.in its full extent. Other principles which may serve to illustrate it, are con-

399
1a8 .
h
v.
rgiaa.

400
181.
% V.
Vlrgnla.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sidered in their relation to the case decided, but their possible bearing on all other cases is seldom com-
pletely investigated. In the case of Marbury v. Madison, the single
question before the Court, so far as that case can be applied to this, was, whether the legislature could give this Court original jurisdiction in a case in whichthe constitution had clearly not given it, and in which no doubt respecting the construction of the article could possibly be raised. The Court decided. and we think very properly, that the legislature could not give original jurisdiction in such a case. But, in the reasoning of the Court in support of this decision, some expressions are used which go fat beyond it. The counsel for Marbury had insisted ,on the unlimited discretion of the legislature in the apportionment of the judicial power, and it is against this argument that the reasoning of the Couri is directed. They say that, if such bad been the intention of the article, "it would certainly have been.'useless to proceed farther than to define the judicial power, and the tribunals in which it should be vested." The Court says, that such a construction would render the clause, dividing the j urisdicnon of the Court into original and appellate, totally useless, that "affirmative words are often, in their operation, negative of other objects than those which are affirmed, and, in this case, (in the case of Marburt!v. Aladison,) a negative or exclusive sense must be given to them, or they have no operation at all." 1 Itcannot be presumed," adds the Court, "1that any clause in the constitution is intended to be without

OF THE UNITED STATES.

effect, and, therefore, such a construction is madmissible, unless the words require it." ·
The whole reasoning of the Court proceeds upon the idea that the affirmative words of the clause giving one sort of jurisdiction, must imply a negative of any other sort of jurisdiction, because otherwise the words would be totally inoperative, and this reasoning is advanced in a case to which it was strictly applicable. If in that case original jurisdiction could have been exercised, the clause under consideration would have been entirely useless. Having such cases only in its view, the Court lays down a principle which is generally correct, in terms much broader than the decision, and not only much broader than the reasoning with which that decision is supported, but in some instances contradictory to its principle. The reasoning sustains the negative operation of the words in that case, because otherwise the clause would have no meaning whatever, and because such operation was necessary to give effect to the intention of the article. The effort now made
is, to apply the conclusion to which the Court was conducted by that reasoning in the particular case, to one in which the words have their full operation when understood affirmatively, and in which the negative, or exclusive sense, is to be so used as to dbfeat some of the great oblects of the article.
To this construction the Court cannot give its assent. The general expressions in the case of Marbury v. Madison must be understood with the limirations which are given to them in this opinion, limita-

Vop. VI.

51

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgima.

402
1821.
v. VirZima.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tions which in no degree affect the decision in that case, or the tenor of its reasoning.
The counsel who closed the argument, put several cases for the purpose of illustration, which he supposed to arise under the constitution, and yet to be, apparently, without the jurisdiction or .the Court.
Were a State .tolay a duty on exports, to collect the money and place it in her treasury, -could the citizen who paid it, he asks, maintain a' suit in this Court against such State, to recover *back the money P
Perhaps not. Without, however, deciding such supposed case, we may say, that it is entirely unlike that under consideration.
The citizen who has paid his money to his State,
-under a law that is void, is in the same situation with every other person who has paid money by mistake. The law raises an assumpsit to return the money, and it-is uponthat assumpsit that the action is to be maintained. Torefuse to comply with this assumpsit maybe no more a violation of the constitution, than
to refuse to comply with any other, and as the federal Courts never had jurisdiction over contracts between a State and its citizens, they may have none over this. But let us so vary the supposed case, as to give it a real- resemblance to that under consideration. Suppose a citizen to. refuse to pay this export duty, and a suit to be instituted for the purpose of compelling him to pay it. He pleads the constitution of the United States in bar of the action, notwithstanding which the Court gives judgment against him. This would be a case arising under

OF THE UNITED STATES.

403

the constitution, and would be the very case now

before the Court.

-

We are also asked, it a State should confiscate

property secured by a treaty, whether the individual

could maintain an action for that property

If the property confiscated be debts, our own ex-

perience informs us that the remedy of the creditor

against his debtor remains. If it be land, which is

secured by a treaty, and afterwards confiscated by a

'State, the argument does not assume that this title,

thus secured, could be extinguished by an act of con-

fiscation. The'injured party, therefore, has his re-

medy against the occupant of the land for that

which the treaty secures to him, not against the

State for money which is not secured to him.

The case of a State which pays off its own debts

with paper money, no more resembles this than do

those to which we have already adverted. The

Courts have no jurisdiction over the contract.

They cannot. enforce it, nor judge of its violation.

Let it be that the act discharging the debt is a mere

nullitv and that it is still due. Yet the federal

Courts have no cognizance of the case. But sup-

pose a State to institute proceedings against an indi-

vidual, which depended on the validity of an act

emitting bills of credit suppose a-State to prosecute

one of its citizens for refusing paper money, who

should plead the constitution in bar of sih prose-

cution. If his plea should be overruled, and judg-

ment rendered against him, his case would resemble

this; and, unless the juridicuon of this Court

might be exercised over it, the constitution would

1821.
Cohens
v. Virgin .

4"

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. be .iolated, and the inimed paxty be unable to bring Cqhjens Shis case before. that tribunal to which the people o
-v. the. United States have assigned all such cases. VIxgia. ttis most true that this Court will pot -vke:juris;-

diction if it shouldnot. but it is .equally true, that it must take jurisdiction if it should. The judiciary cannot, as the legislature may, avoid a measure be.cause it approaches the confines, of the constitution. We cannot pass it by because it is doubtful. With whatever dobts; with whatever -difficulties, a case maybe attended, we must decide it, if it be brought before, us. We ,have no more right to .decline the gierdise ofj url~diction whih is given, than to usurp that ohich is not given. The one or the other woulA be treason io. the onstitution. , Questions may occur which we would gladly avoid, but -we cannot av~id them. All -we .can do is, to exercise our best judgment, and conscientiously to ,perforM our duty. In doing this,-on-the present occasion, we find this tribunal invested with appellate jurisdietoq
in all cases arising,under the cynstitution and laws .of the Unite4 States. We find tio exception .to this grant, and we cannot insert one.
To escape. the .operation of these comprehensive words, the counsel for the defendant, has mentioned instances in wh-ih the qonsntuton might be violated without giving jurisdiction to this Court. Thesi words, therefore, however universal in their expression, must, he contends, be limited and contr6lled in their construction by circumstances. One
of these instances is, the grant by a State of a patent of nobility. The Court, le says, cannot annul this grant.

OF TME UNITED STATES.
This may be very true, but by no means j ustifies the inference drawn from it. The article does not extend the judicial power to every violation of the constitution which may possibly take place, but to ",a case in law or equity," in which a right, under such law, is asserted in a Court ofjus.tice. If the question cannot be brought into a Court, then there is no case, in law or equity, and no jurisdiction is given by the words of the article. But if, in any controversy depending in a Court, the cause should depend on the.validity of such a law, that would be a case arising under the constitution, to which the judicial power of the United States would extend. The,same observation applies to the other instances with which the counsel who opened the cause;has illustrated this argument. Although they show that there.may be violatmons of the constitution,-of which the Courts can take no cognizance, they do .not show that an interpretation -more restrictive than the words themselves import ought to be given to this article. They do -not show that there can be "a case in law or equity,1 arising under the constitutmn, to which the judicial power does not extend.
We think, then, that, as the constitution originally stood, the appellate jurisdiction of this Court, in all cases arising under the.'constitution, laws, or treaties ofthe United States, was not arrested by the circumstance that a State was a party..
This leads, to a consideration of the .1 th amendment.
It is in these words- ,"The judicial power of the United States shall not be construed to extend to any

405
182.
Cohews
V. Virgma.

406
181.
' 0*eas
v.
ViMnia.

CASES IX"THE SUPREME COURT
suit in law -or equity commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States, by citizens of another State, or by citizens or subledts of any foreign
State."
It is a part of our history, that, at the adoption of the constitution, all the States were greatly indebted ; and the apprehension that these debts might be prosecuted in the federal Courts, formed a very serious objection to that instrument. Suits were instituted ; and the Court maintained its jurisdiction. The alarm was general; and, to quiet the apprehensions that were so extensively entertained, this amendment was proposed in Congress, and adopted by the State legislatures. That its motive was not to maintain the sovereignty of a State from the degradation supposed to attend a compulsory appearance before the tribunal of the nation, may be inferred from the terms of the amendment. It does not comprehend controversies between two or more States, or between a State and a foreign State. The jurisdiction of the Court still extends to these cases" and in -hese a State may still be sue(l We must ascribe the-amendment, then, to some other cause than the dignity of a State. There is no difficulty in finding this cause. Those who were inhibited from commencing a suit against a State, or from prosecuting one which might be commenced before the adoption of the amendment, were persons who might probably be its creditors. There was not mnuch reason to fear that foreign or sister States would be creditors to any considerable amount) and there was reason to retain the jurisdiction of the Court in those

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cases, because it might be essential to the preservation of peace. The amendment, therefore, extended to suits commenced or prosecuted by individuals, but not to those brought by States.
The first impression made on the mind by this amendment is, that it was intended for those cases, and for those only, in which some demand against a State is made by an individual in the Courts of the Union. If we consider the causes to which it is to be traced, we are conducted to the same conclusion. A general interest might well be felt in leaving to a State the full power of consulting its convenience in the adjustment of its debts, or of other claims upon it, but no interest could be felt in so changing the relations between the whole and its parts, as to strip the government of the means of protecting, by the instrumentality of its Courts, the constitution and laws from active violation.
The words of the amendment appear to the Court to justify and require tins construction. The judicial power is not "to extend to any suit in law or equity commenced or prosecuted against one of the United States by citizens of another State, &c."
What is a suit We understand it to be the prosecution, or pursuit, of some claim, demand, or request. In law language, it is the prosecution of some demand in a Court of justice. The remedy. for every species of wrong is. says Judge. Blackstone, "the being put in possession of that right whereof the party injured is deprived." 1,The instruments whereby this remedy is obtained, are a diversity of suits and actions, which are defined by the

407
1821.
,Csoh,e-ns v.
Virpnix.

408
181.
Cohk-e7n3 r
rrgzna.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Mirror to be 'the lawful demand of one's right.' Or, as Bracton and Fleta express it, in the words of Justinian, 'jus pro.,equendi 2n judcto quod alicut debetur." Blackstone then proceeds to describe every species of remedy by suit; and they are all cases were the party suing claims to obtain something to which he has a right.
To commence a suit, is to demand something by the iisfltution of process in a Court of justice, and to.prosecute the suit, is, according to the common acceptation of language, to continue that demand. By a suit 'commenced by an individual against a State, we should understand process sued out by that individual against the State,. for the purpose of establishing some claim against it by the judgment of a Court; and the prosecution of that suit is its contnuance. Whatever may be the stages of its progress, the actor is still the -same. Suits had been commenced in the Supreme Court against some of the States before this amendment., was- introdu'ced into Congress, and others might be commenced before it should be adopted by the State legislatures, and might be depebding at the timde of its adoption. The object of the amendment was not only to prevent- the commencement of future suits, but to arrest the-prosecution of those which might be commenced when this artile. should form a part of the constitution.' It therefore embraces both objects ; and its nieaning is, that thejudicial power shall not be construed to extendto any suit which may be commenced, or which, if already commenced, way be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

409

prosecuted against a State by the citizen of anotier 1821.

State. If a suit, brought in one Curtq, and carried by legal process to a supervisilig Cousrt, be a cCoChnetib-as V. nuatfon of the same suit, then this suit, is not com- Virginma

menced nor prosecuted against a State. It is clearly

in its commencement the suit of a State against aft

individual, which suitis transferred to this Court,

not for the purpose of asserting any claim against

the State, but for the purpose of asserting a consti-

tutional defence against a claim made by a State.

A Writ of error is defined to be, a commission by

which the judges of one Court are authorized to ex-

amine a record upon which a judgment was given in

another Court, and, on such examination, to affirm

or reverse the same according to law. If, says my

Lord Coke, by the writ of error, the plaintiff may

recover, or be restored to any thing, it may be re-

leased by the name of an action. In Bacon's Abrtdg-

gnent, tt. Error, L. it is laid down, that " where

by a writ of error, the plaintiff shall recover,

or be restored to any personal thing, as debt, da-

mage, or the like, a release of all actions personal is

a good plea, and when land is to be recovered or

restored in a writ of error, a release of actions real is a good bar, but where by a writ of error the plain-

tiff shall' not be restored to any personal or real thing,

a release of alractions, real or personal, is no bar." And for this we have the authority of Lord Coke,

both in his Commentary on Littleton and in his Reports. A writ of error, then, is in the nature of a suit or action when it is to restore the party who ob-

tains it to the possession, of any thing which. s with-

VOL. VI.

52

410
1821.
cohens v.
Virgua.

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
held from him, not when its operation is entirely defensive.
This rule will apply to writs of error from the Courts of the United States, as well as to those writs
in England. Under the judiciary act, the effectof a writ of error
is simply to bring the record into Court, and submit the judgment of the inferior tribuqal to re-examination. It does not in any manner act upon the parties, it acts only on the record. It removes the record into the supervising tribunal. Where, then, a State obtains a judgment against an individual, and the Court, rendering such judgment, overrules a defence set up under the constitution or laws of the United States, the transfer of this record into the Supreme Court, for the sole purpose of inquiring whether the judgment violates the constitution or laws of the United States, can, with no propriety, we think, be denominated a suit commenced or prosecuted against the State whose judgment is so far re-examined. Nothing is demanded from the State. No claim against it of any description is asserted or prosecuted. The party is not to be restored to the possession of any thing. Essentially, it is-an appeal on a single point; and the defendant who appeals from a judgment rendered against him, is never said to commence or prosecute a suit against the 'Plaintiff who has obtained the judgment. The writ of error is given rather than an appeal, because it is the more usual mode of removing suits at common law; and because, perhaps, it is more technically proper where
a single point of law, and not the whole case, is. to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

411.

be re-examined. But an appeal might be given, and might be so regulated as to effect every purpose of a writ of error. The mode of removal is form, and not substance. Whether it be by writ of error or appeal, no claim is asserted, no demand is made by. the original defendant, -he only asserts the constitutional right to have his defence examined by that tribunal whose province -it is to construe.the constitution and laws of the Union.
The only part of ihe proceeding which is in any manner personal, is the citation. And what is the citation It is simply notice to the opposite party that the, record is transferred into another Court, where he may appear, or decline to. appear, as his juidgipent or inclination may determine. As the party
who has obtained a judgment is out of Court, and may, therefore, not know that his cause is removed; common justice requires that notice of the fact should be given him. But this notice is not a suit, nor has it the effect of process. If the party does not choose to appear, he cannot be brought into Court, nor is his failure to appear considered as a default. Judgment cannot be given against him for his non-
appearance, but the judgment is-to be re-examined, and reversed orfaffirmed, in like manner as if the party had appeared and argued his cause.
The point of view in whieh this writ of error, with its citation, has been considered uniformly in the Courts of the Union, has been well illustrated, by a reference to the course of this Court. in stits instltute&dby the United States. rhe universally received opinion is, that no sut can be commenced

1821-Coben
v,. Virvnh

412

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT'

1821.
C' oheas
v. Viipma,

or prosecuted against the United States i that the judiciary act does not authorize such suits. Yet writs of error, accompamed with citatiojns, have umformly issued -for the removal of judgments in favour-

of the United States into. a su.peribr, Court, where they have, like those in favour of an individual- been re-examined, and affirmed or reversed. It has never been suggested, that such writ of error was a suit against the United States, ar;d,. therefore, not within the jurisdiction of the appellate Court.
It is, then, the opinion of the Court, that the defendant who removes a judgment rendered against him by a State Court into this Court, for the, purpose of re-examining the question,.whether that judgment be in violation of the constitution or laws of the United States, does not commence or prosecute a suit against the State, whatever .may be its opinion where the effect of the writ may be to restore the party to the possession of a thing which be de-
mands. But should we in this be mistaken, the error does
not aflect the case now before the Court. If this
writ of error be a suit in the sense of the I1th amendment, it is not a suit commenced or prosecuted " by.acitizen of another State, or by a citizen or
bubjerct of any foreign State." It is not then within the amendment, but is governed entirely, by the constituion, as originally framed, and we have already seen, that in ils origin, the judicial power was extended to all cases arising-under the constitution or laws of -the UnitedState, withbut respect to parties.

OF THE UNITED STATEa.

2d. The second objection to the jurisdiction of 1821.

the Court is, that its appellate power cannot be exercised, in any case, over the, judgment of a State
Court.

Coheis
V.
Virginia.

Thejunsdic-
This objection is sustained chiefly by arguments lin o this

drawa.from the supposed total separation of the jU-

8esr tec,
u60n,

s-laws t

diciary of, a State from that of the

nion,

and

their

'tdhe

tates
Union,

of

entire independence of each other. The argument wher the suit

Is originally

considers the federal judiciary as completely foreign brought i. a

dmStaayte be Ceoxuerrt.;,
to that of a State, and as being no more connecte Pocfsederbroyra wfrormit

with it in any respect whatever, than the Court of a th Cor4r tp
Poch State
foreAgn State. If this hypothesis be just, the argu- Cour.

ment founded on it is equally so, but if the hypo-

thesis be not supported by the constitution, the argu-

ment fails with it.

This hypothesis is not founded on any words in

the constitution, which might seem to countenance

it, but on the .unreasonableness of giving a contrary

eonstruction to words which seem to require it, and

on the incompatibility of the application of the ap-

pellate jurisdiction to the judgments of State Courts,

with that constitutional relation which subsists bev

tween the government of the Union and the goverr-

ments of those States which compose it.

Let this unreasonableness, this total incompatibili-

ty, be examined.

That the United States form, for many, and for

most important purposes, a single nation, has not yet

been denied. In war, we are one people.. In ma-

king peace, we are one people. In-all commercial

regulations, we are one and the same people. In

414
1821.
Cohens
v.
Virgina.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
many other respects, the American people are one, and the government which is alone capable of controling and managing their interests in all these respects, is the gbvernment of the Union. It is their
government, and in that character they have no other. America has chosen to be, in many respects, and to many purposes, a nation, and for all these purposes, her government is complete; to all these objects, it is competent. The people have declared, that in the exercise of all powers given for these objects, it is supreme. It can, then, in effecting these objects, legitimately control all individuals or governments within the American territory. The constitution and laws of a State, so far as they are repugnant to the constitution and laws of. the United States, are absolutely void. These States are constituent parts of the United States. They are members of.one great empire-for some purposes sovereign, for some purposes subordinate.
In a government so constituted, is it unreasonable that the judicial power should be competent to give efficacy to the constitutional laws of the legislature ; That department can decide on the validity of the constitution or law of a State, if it be repugnant-to the constitution or to a law of the United States. Is it unreasonable that it should also be empowered to decide on the judgment of a State tribunal enforcing such unconstitutional law P Is it so very unreasonable as to furnish a justification for controling the words of the constitution R
We think itis not. We think that in a government

OF THE UNITED STATES.

acknowledgedly supreme, with respect to objects of vital interest to the nation, there is nothing inconsistent with sound reason, nothing incompatible with ihe nature of government, in making all its departments supreme, so far as respects those objects, and so far as is necessary fo their attainment. The exercise of
the appellate power over those judgments of the State tribunals which may contravene the constitution or laws of the United States, is, we believe, essential to the attainment of those objects.
The propriety of entrusting the construction of the constitution, and laws made in pursuance thereof, to the judiciary of the Union, has not, we believe, as yet, been drawn into question. It seems to be a corollary from this political axiom, that the federal Courts should either possess exclusive jurisdiction in such cases, or a power to revise the judgment rendered in them, by the State tribunals. If the federal and State Courts have concurrent jurisdiction in all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and trea-
ties of the United States, and if a case of this description brought in a State Court cannot be removed before judgment, nor revised after judgment, then the construction of the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, is not confided particularly to their judicial department, but is confided equally to that department and to the State Courts, however they may be constituted. "Thirteen independent Courts," says a very celebrated statesman, (and we have now more than twenty such Courts,) "of final jurisdiction over the same causes, arising
upon the same laws, is a hydra in government, from

1821.
Colienar
v. Virginia,

416

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. which nothing but contradiction and confusion can

CohensSproceed."

V.

Dismissing the unpleasant suggestion, that any

Virgiwa. motives which may not be fairly avowed, or which

ought not to exist, can ever influence a. State or its Courts, the necessity of uniformity, as well as correctness in expounding the constitution and laws of the United States, would itself suggest the propnety of vesting in some single tribunal the power of deciding, in the last resort, all cases in which they are involved.
We are not restrained, then, by the political relations between the general and State governments, from construing the words ofthe constitutionj defining the judicial power, in their true sense. We are not bound to construe them- more restrictively than they naturally import.
They give to the Supreme Court appellate jurisdiction in all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States. The words are broad enough to comprehend all cases of this description, in whatever Court they may be decided. In expounding them, we may be permitted to take into view those considerations to which Courts have always allowed great weight in the exposition of laws.
The framers of the constitution would naturally examine the state of things existing at the time, and their work sufficiemly attests that they did so. All acknowledge that they were convened for the purpose of strengthening the confederation by enlarging the powers of the government, and by giving efficacy

OP THE UNITED STATES.

to those which it before possessed, but could not ex-

ercise. They inform us themselves, in the instru-

inent they presented to the American public, that one of its objects was to form a more perfect union.

Under such circumstances, we certainly should not

expect to find, in that instrument, a diminution of

the powers of the actual government.

Previous to the adoption of the confederation,

Congress established Courts which received appeals in prize causes decided in the Courts of the respec-

tive States. This power of the government, to es-

tablish ,tribunals for these appeals, was thought con-

sistent with, and was founded on,.its political rela-

tions with the States. These Courts did exercise

appellate jurisdiction over those cases decided in the

State Courts, to which the judicial power of the

federal government extended.

The confederation gave to Congress the power

" of establishing Courts for receiving and determin-

ing finally appeals in all cases of captures."

This power was uniformly construed to authorize

those Courts to receive appeals from the sentences

of State Courts, and to affirm or reverse them.

State tribunals are not mentioned, *butthis clause in

the confederation necessarily comprises them, Yet the relation between the general and State govern-

ments was much weaker, much more lax, under the

confederation than under the present constitution ;

and the States being much -more completely sove-

reign, their institutions were much more independ-

ent.

The Convention which framed the constitution, on

VOL VI.

53

417
1821.
Cohiens
V.
Virginia.

418
1821. Cohens
V. Virania.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
turning their attention to the judicial power, found it limited to a few objects, but exercised, with respect to some of those objects, in its appellate form, over the judgments of the State Courts. They extend it, among other objects, to all cases arising under the constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, and in a. subsequent clause declare, that in such cases, the Supreme Court shall exercise appellate jurisdiction. Nothing seems to be given which would justify the withdrawal of a judgment rendered in a State Court, on the constitution, laws, or treaties of the United States, from this appellate jurisdiction.
Great weight has always been attached, and very rightly attached, to contemporaneous exposition. No question, it is believed, has arisen to which this principle applies more unequivocally than to that now under consideration.
The opinion of the Federalist has always been considered -as of great authority. It is a complete commentary on our constitution; and is appealed to by all parties in the questions to which that instrument has given birth. Its intrinsic merit entitles it to this high rank, and the part two of its authors performed in framing the constitution, put it very much in their power to explain the views with which it was framed. These essays having been published while the constitution was before the nation for adoption or rejection, and having been written in answer to objections founded entirely on the extent of its powers, and on its diminution of State sovereignty, are entitled to the more consideration where they

OF THE UNITED STATES.
frankly avow that the power objected to is given, and defend it.
In discussing the extent of the judicial power, the Federalist says, " Here another question occurs: what relation would subsist between the national and State Courts in these instances of concurrent jurisdiction P Ianswer, that an appeal would certainly lie from the latter, to the Supreme Court of the Uuited States. The constitution in direct terms gives an appellate jurisdiction to the Supreme Court in all the enumerated cases of federal cognizance in. which it is not to have an original one, without a single expression to confine its operation to the inferior federal Courts. The objects of appeal, not the tribunals from which it is to be made, are alone contemplated. From this circumstance, and from the reason of the thing, it ought to be construed to extend to the State tribunals. Either this must be the case, or the local Courts must be excluded from a concurrent jurisdiction in matters of national concern, else the judicial authority of the Union may be eluded at the pleasure of every plaintiff or prosecutor. Neither of these consequences ought, without evident necessity, to be involved, the latter would be entirely inadmissible, as it would defeat some of the most important and avowed purpo.es of the proposed government, and would essentially embarrass its measures. Nor do I perceive any foundation for such a supposition. Agreeably to the remark already made, the national and State systems are to be regarded as ONE WHOLE. The Courts of the latter will of course be natural auxiliaries to the execu-

419
1821.
Cohens
V.
Vimnia.

420

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' Cohena
'Vi v.
rgmia.

tion -ofthe laws of the Union, and an appeal. from
them will as naturally lie to that tribunal which is destined to unite and assimilate the principle& of natural justice, and the rules of national decision. The

evident aim of the plan of the national convention isj that all the causes of the specified classes shall, for weighty public reasons, receive their original or final determination in the Courts of the Union. To confine, therefore, the general expressions which. give appellate j.urisdiction to the Supreme Court, to appeals from.the subordinate federal Courts, ifistead' of allowing their extension to the State Courtsi
would be to abridge the ldtitude of the terms, in subversion of the intent, contrary to every sound rule of interpre ation."
A contemp-raneous exposition of the consttttion, certainly of not less authority -than that which has been just cited, is the judiciary act itself. We know that in the Congress Wh~ch passed- that act were many eminent members of the Convention winch formed the constitution. Not a single'indi.vidual, so far as is known, supposed .that part of tho act which gives the Supreme Court appellate jurisdiction over the judgments of the State Courts in the cases therein specified, to, be unauthorized- by the constitution.
While on this part of the argument, it may be also material to observe that the uniform decisions of this Court -on. the point now under consideration, have been assented to, with a single exception, by the Courts of every State in the Uion whose judg meats have been revised. It has been the unwel-

OF THE UNITED.STATES.

come duty of this tribunal to revers- the judgmentS of many 'State Courts in cases in which the strongest State feelings were engaged. Judges, whose talents and character would grace any bench, to
whom a disposition to submit to jurisdiction that is usurped, or to surrender their legitimate powers, will certainly not be imputed, have yielded without hesitation to the authority by which their- judgmentswere reversed, while they, perhaps, disapproved the judgment of reversal.
This concurrence of statesmen, of legislators, and. of judges, in the same construction of the constitution, may justly inspire some confidence in that construction.
In opposition to it, the counsel who made this
point has presented in a great variety of forms, the idea already noticed, that the federal and State Courts must, of necessity, and from the nature of the constitution, be in all things totally distinct and independent of each other. If this Court can correct the errors of the Courts of Virginia, he says it makes them Courts of the United States, or becomes itself a part of the judiciary of Virginia.
But, it has been already shown that neither of these consequences necessarily follows The American people may certainly give to a national tribunal a supervising power over those judgments of the State Courts, which may conflict with the,constitution, laws, or treaties, of the Umted States, without converting them into federal Courts, or converting the national into a State tribunal. The one Court-

1s2.
c' v.
Virgibla.

4W
1921. cohens
v. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
stil. derivesits authority from the State, the other still derives its authority from the nation.
If it shall be established, he says, that this Court has appellate jurisdiction over the State Courts in
all cases enumerated in the 3d article of the constitution, a complete consolidation of the States, so far as respects judicial power is produced.
But, certainly, the mind of the gentleman who urged this argument is too accurate not to perceive that he has carried it too far, that the premises by no means justify the conclusion. "1A complete consolidation.of the States, so far as respects the judicial power," would authorize the legislature to confer on the federal Courts appellate jurisdiction from theState Courts in all cases whatsoever. The distinction between such a power, and that of giving appellate jurisdiction in a few specified cases in the decision of which the nation takes an interest, is too obviois not to be perceived by all.
This opinion has been ;already drawn out to too great a length to-admit of entering into a particular consideration of the various forms in which the counsel who made this point has, with much ingenuity, presented his argument to the Court. The argumentin all its forms is essentially the same. It is founded, not on the words of the constitution, but on its spirit, a spirit extracted, not from the words of the instrument, but from his view of the nature of our Unioni, and of the great fundamental principles on which the fabric stands..
To this argument, in all its forms, the same answer may be given. Let the nature and objects of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
our Union be considered; let the great fundamental 1$2i. principles, yn which the fabric stands, be examined, C and we think the result must, be, that there is no- v. thing so extravagantly absurd in giving to the Court Virniia. of the. nation the power of revising the decisionz, of local tribunals on questions which affect the nation, as to require that words which import this power
should be restricted by a forced construction. The question then must depend on the words themselves. and on their construction we. shall be the more readily excuged for not adding to the observations already made, because the subject was fully discussed and exhausted in the case of Martinv Hunter.
3d. We come now to the third objection, which juaTshdeicioih othe though differently stated.by the counsel, is substan- the"'sCdcotounrt, =omftially the same. One gentleman has said that the der t judia-
ary ct of 1789,
judiciary act does not give jurisdition in the case. 20,. 25.
The cause was argued in the State Court, on a case agreed by the parties, which states the prosecution under a law for selling lottery tickets, which is set.forth, and further states the act of Congress by which the City of Washington was authorizea to establish the lottery It then states that the lottery was regularly established by virtue of the act, and concludes with referring to the Court the questions, whether the act of Congress be valid P whether, on its just construction, it constitutes a bar to the prosecution P and, whether the act of Assembly, on which the prosecution is founded, be not itself invalid P These questions were decided against the operation of the act of Congress, and in favour of the operation of the act of the State.

,424
1821. Cohens
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COV7RT
If the 26th section of the judiciary act be inspected, it will at once be perceived that it comprehends expressly the case under consideration.
But it is not upon the letter of the act that the gen-
tleman who stated this point in this form, founds his argumefit. Both gentlemen concur substantially in their views of this part of the case. They deny that the act of Congress, on which the plaintiff in error relies, is a law of the United States, or, if a law of the United States, is within the second clause of the sixth article.
In the enumeration of the powers of Congress, which is made i the 8th section of the -first article, we find that of exercising exclusive legislation over such District as shall become the seat of government. This power, like all others which are specified, is conferred on Congress as the legislature of the Union for, strip them of that character, and they would not possess it. In no other character can it be exercised. In legislating for the District, they necessarily preserve the character of the legislature of the Union, for, it is in that character alone that the constitution confers on them this power of exclusive legislation. This proposition need not be enforced.
The 2d clause of the 6th article declares, that L"This constitution, and the laws of the United States, which shallbe made in pursuance thereof, shall be the supreme law of the land."
The clause which gives exclusive jurisdiction is, unquestionably, a part of the constitution, and, as such, binds all the United States. Those who contend that acts of Congress) made in pursuance of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

this power, do not, like acts made in pursuance of other powers,, bind the n'ation, ought tot13 showbme safe and clear rule which shall support this construction, and prove that an act of Congress, clothed in all the forms which attend other legislative-acts, and passed in virtue of a power conferred on, and exercised by Congress, as the legislature of -the Union, is not a law of the United States, and does not bind them.
One ofrthe gentlemen sought to illustrate his proposition that Congress, when legislating for the District, assumed a: distinct-character, and was reduced to a mere local legislature, whose laws could possess no obligation out of the ten miles square, by a reference to the complex character of this Court. It is, they say, a Court of common law and a Court of equity Its character, when sitting as a Court of common law, is as distinct from its character when, sitting as a Court of equity, as if the powers belonging to those departments were vested in different tribunals. Though united in the same tribunal, they are never confounded with each other.
Without inquiring how far the union of different characters in one Court, may be applicable, in principle, to the union in Congress of the power of exclusive legislation in some places, and of limited legislation in others, it may be observed, that the forms of proceedings in a Court of law are so totally unlike the forms of proceedings in a Court of equity, that a mere inspection of the record gives decisive information of the character in which the Court sits, and consequently of the extent of its powers. But

VOL. V.

54

425
1821.
Cohens
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

Is21.
'0Y~'
Cohens T.
Vrurga.

if the forms of proceeding were precisely the same, and the Court the same, the disfinction would dis-
appear. Since Congress legislates in the same forms,
and in the same character, in virtue of powers of equal obligation, conferred in the same instrument, when exercising its exclusive powers of legistlon, as well as when exercising those which are limited, we must inquire whether there be any thing in the nature of this exclusive legislation, which necessarily confines the operation of the laws made in virtue of this power to the place with a view to which they are made.
Connected with the power to legislate within this District, is a similar power in f6rts, arsenals, dock yards, &c. Congress has a right to punish murder in a fort, or other place within its exclusive jurisdiction ;. but no general right to punish murder committed within any of the States. In the act for the punishment of crimes agairst the United States, murder committed within a .fort, or any other place or district of country, under the sole and exclusive jurisdiction 'of the United States, is punished with death. Thus Congress legislates in the same act, under its exclusive and its limited powers.
The act proceeds to direct, that the body of the criminal, after execution, may be delivered to a surgeon for dissection, and punishes any person who shall rescue such body during its conveyance from the place of execution to the surgeon to whom it is to be delivered.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Let these actual provisions of the law, or any other provisions which can be made on the subject, be considered with a view to the character in which Congress acts when exercising its powers of exclusive legislation.
If Congress is to be considered merely as q local legislature, invested, as to this object, with powers limited to the fort, or other place, in which the murder may be committed,.if its general powers cannot come in aid of these local powers, how can the offence be tried in any other Court than that of ie place in which it nas been committed P How can the offender be conveyed to, or tried in, any other place P How can he be executed elsewhere? How can his body be conveyed through a country under the jurisdiction of another sovereign, and the individual punished, who, within that jurisdiction, shall rescue the body.
Were any one State of the Union to pass a law for trying a criminal in a Court not created by itself, in a place not within its jurisdiction, and direct the sentence to be executed without its territory, we should all perceive and acknowledge its ihcompetency to such a course of legislation. If Congress be not equally incompetent, it is because that body unites the powers of local legislation with those which are to operate through the Union, and may use the last in aid of the first, or because the power of exercising exclusive legislation draws after it, as an incident, the power of making that legislation effectual, and the incidental power may be exercised

427
1821.
%
cohens
v. Virit

CASES IN TH4 SUPREME COURT

1821. CohensV CohemJ
v. Virgiia.

throughout the Union, because the pfincipal power is given to that body as the legislature- of the Union.
So, in the same act, a person who, having knowledge of the con- -nission of murder, or other felony,
on the high seas, or within any fort, arsenal, dock yard, magazine, or other place, or district of country within the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, shall conceal the same, &c. he shall he adjudged guilty of misprision of felony, and shall be adjudged-to. be imprisoned, &c.
It is clear, that Congress cannot punish felonies generally , and, of consequence, cannot punish misprision of felony It is 6qually clear, that a State l6gislature,-the State of Maryland for example, cannot punish those who, in another State, conceal a felony committed in Maryland. How, -then, is it that Congress, legislating exclusively for a fort, punishes those who, out of that fort, conceal a felony committed within it '
The solution, and the only solution of the difficulty, isi.that the power vested in Congress, as-the legislature of the United States, to legislate exclusively within any place ceded by- a State, carries with it, as an incident, the right tomake that power effectual. If a -felon escape out of the State in which the act has been committed, the government cannot pursue him into another State, and apprehend-him there, but must demand -him from the executive power of that other State. If Congress were to be considered merely as the-local legislature for the fort or other place in'which the offence might, be committed, then this pnnbiple would apply to them as to other local

OF THE UNITED STATES
legislatures, and the felon who should escape out of the fort, or other place, in which the felony may have been committed, could not be apprehended by the marshal, but must be demanded from the executive.of the State. But we know that the principle does not apply,. and the reason. is, that Congress is not a local legislature, but exercises this particular power, like all its Qther powers, in its high character, as the legislature of the Union. The American people thought it'a necessary power, and they conferred it for their own benefit. Being so conferred, it carries with it all those incidental powers -which are necessary to its complete and effectual execution.
Whether any particular law be designed to operate without the District or not,-depends on the words of that law. If it be designed so to operate, then the question, whether the power so exeretsed be ncidental to the power of exclusive legislation, and be warranted by the constitution, requires a consAeration of that instrunient. In such cases theconstitution and the law must be compared and construed. This is the exercise of jurisdiction. It is the only exercise of itwhich is allowed in such a case. For the act of Congress directs, that "1no other error shall be assigned or regarded as a ground of reversal, in any such case as -aforesaid, than such as appears on the face of the record, and immediately respects the before mentioned questions of validity or constrtiction of the said constitution, treaties," &c.
The whole merits of this case, then, consist in the construction of the constitution and the act of Con-

42-9
1821.
Cohens
v. Virgi .

430

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
' Cohens
V.
Virnia.

gress. The jurisdiction of the Court, if acknowledged, goes no farther. This we are required to do without the exercise ofjurisdiction.
The counsel for the State of Virginia have, in sup-

port of this motion, urged many arguments of great weight against the application of the act of Congress to such a case as this; but those arguments go to the construction of the constitution, or of the law, or of both, and seem, therefore, rather calculated to sustain their cause upon its merits, than to prove a failure of junsdiction in the Court.
After having bestowed upon this question the most ddliberate, consideration of which we are capable, .the Court is unanimously of opimon, that the objections to its j urisdiction are not sautained, and thatthe.motion ought to be 6veiruled.
Motion- den'ied.

arch 2.

The cause was this day argued on the merits.

Mr. 'D. B. -Ogden, for the plaintiffs in error, stated, that the question of conflict between the act of Congres&, and the- State law, which arose upon the record, depended upon the 8th section of the first article of the constitution, giving to Congress the exclusive power of legislation, in all cases whatsoever, over the District which had become the seat of the government of the United States, by cession from the States to whom it formerly belonged. Under this power, Congress has authorized the establishment of a lottery at the seat of government. Can

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the State of Virginia prevent the sale of tickets in that lottery within her territory, consistently with the constitution This question must depend upon the nature of the constitutional power of Congress, and of the law by which it is exercised. It was said by the counsel for the defendant in error, on the former argument, that the power is municipal, to be exercised over the District only, and, of course, confined in its operation to the limits of the District. But, in order to determine whether this is the true interpretation of the clause in question, we must more minutely examine what is the nature of the authority granted. The clause was not intended to give to Congress an unlimited power to legislate in all cases, without reference to other provisions of the constitution. Otherwise Congress might pass bills of attainder and ex post facto laws, and exercise a despotic authority over the District of Columbia. and its citizens would thus be deprived of their rights entirely. Nor was it intended to authorize the exercise by Congress of its general powers as a national legislature, within the District. Nor to exempt the District from the operatton of those general powers. But the clause was inserted fqr the purpose of securing the independence of the national legislature, and government, Irom. State control. The object in view was, therefore, strictly a riat~uual
object. The District was created only for national purposes, and every law passed for its government is peculiarly -a national law The.-words, " exclusive

1821.
Cohens
v. Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPRE-ME COURT

182h
Cohens
V.
Virginia.

legislation inall cases whatsoever," were meant to exclude all State legislative power, and to vest in Congress,. in. additron to its general powers over the whole Union, all possible powers of legislation over

the District. The law in question, is the expression of the, national will on a national object. It is, then, an act of the general legislativ.epower of the Union, and its operation must 'be co-extensive with the limits-of the Union, unless it is limited to the District of. Columbia in express terms, or from the nature of the power itself being incapable of .acting without
the District That' the whole Union has an interest "n the City of.Washington, as the national capital, is shown by the cotemporaneous exposition of-tbe constitution by its framers, and by the subsequent acts
otthe national legislature,, providing for-its improve"mentand embellishment. It is admitted, that some 'of.the provisions of the- law now in. question., are local in their very nature, and, therefore, confined to the City, or thp District, in -their operation. But the power of. the-Corporation.to establish- lotteries, with the consent of the President, is not of this nattre. Lottery tickets are an article of commerce, vendible in every part -of the Union, as well as in the District of:Columbm. A State law which forbids a citizen to sell or buy a ticket in a lottery, legally established by the national legislature, for national purposes' infringes the constitutional rights of the citizen, and tends to impede 'and defeat the. exercise of this national power. He cannot be .punished by a State, for selling or buying that which Congress

OF THE UNITED STATES.

has, in the exercise of a great national power, authorized -to .be bought or sold. The authority of establishing this lottery, so far from being confined to the City, could not be conveniently or effectually exercised without extending the saleable quality of

the tickets throughout the Union. As a source of revenue, it would b6 inadequate to the objects for which it was established, without this extension. It is not one of the ordinary sources of revenue"for the mere municipal wants of the City. It is a national grant for national purposes, to be used in each particular instance, with the approbation of the Prestdent. It is, then, a national law,. enacted for a national purpose, and -has no other limits in its operation than the limits of the legislative power itself. If'Congress had intended to confine its operation within the District of Columbia, they would have expressed that intentiom If,.then, Congress have a right to raise a reveiue, for any national purpose, by establishing a lottery, they had a right to establish this lottery, and no State law can defeat this, any more than the exercise of any other national power. But even supposing that it is not a tax or duty, such as Congress have the express power of establishing; yet if it be necessary and, proper, in the judgment of the Court, to carry into effect any power expressly granted,.such as that.of establishing and governing the City, it may be exercised throughout the Union. Congress have the same power to -establish lotteries for this purpose, as the State legislatures, and every other legislature, have. The only difference is, that

VoL. VI

55

43
ismr.
'0"*'
V. Virg"a.

434

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. with Congress it is the exetcise of a national power, Cohens Sand must, therefore, be co-extensive in its operation
v. with the Union, although the money to be raised by Virgina. it cannot be applied to. the use of any other City in

the Union than-thatwhich'is the national capital, and in which, cbnsuquently, all the-States, and all the people, have a common interest.

Mr. Webster, contra, insisted,-that Congress had not the power, .under the constitution,-of establishing a lottery in the District.of Columbia, for municipal purposes) and of forcing the sale -of the tickets throughout the Union, in contravention of the State litws ; and, that even if.they had the power, the law now in question did -not purport to authorize the Corporation of the City of Washington thus to forte the sale of the tickets. It is clear .that Congressi as a legislative body, exercise two species of legislative power - the one, limited as to its objects2 but extending.all over the Union: -the other, an absolute, exclusive legislative power ov&r-the District of Columbia. The preliminary inquiry in the case now be. fore the Court, is, by virtue of which of these authorities was the law in question passed 9 When this is ascertained, we shall be able to determine its extent and application. In this country, we-are trying the novel experiment of .a divided sovereignty, between the national government and the States. The precise line of division between these is not always distinctly marked. Government is a moral not a ma-
thematical science, and the powers e1 such a-government especially, cannot be defined with mathe-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
matical accuracy and precision. There is a competition of opposite analogies. We arrive at a just conclusion by reasoning from these analogies, and by a general regard to the objects and purposes of
this scheme of government. With a view to the present question, it may, perhaps, be safely admitted, that there are certain acts of legislation passed by Congress. with a local reference to this District, which proceed from the general powers with which Congress are invested. They are local in their immediate operation and effect, but they are passed in virtue of general legislative powers. Such are the acts appropriating moneys for constructing the navy yard and the capitol. Some other acts are of a mixed nature. There are others clearly local, and passed in virtue of the local, exclusive jurisdiction. And of this latter class is the act now under consideration. It is for the establishment -f a local City government, which arises from the exclusive power of legislation; and the clause authorizing the establishment of'lotteries, is comijined with other clauses of a mere mun cipal character Noscitur a sociis. Every act of legislation must be limited by its subject matter, and there is nothing to show that this power is to be exercised more extensively than the other powers of the Corporation , nothing to show that this municipal power is to be carried beyond the City. It may be exercised within the City alone, and Congress has not said, and.the Court cannot intend, that it is to be exercised in other parts of the Ufiion. Congress could not give such a charter to any other city in the Union, and if every federal

435
1821.
Cohens
v. Virginia.

4M

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohend v,
Virgima.

power granted in the constiltiion were destroyed, this power would remain. It exists independently, and thelegislative powers. of the States can nevet conflict with it, because it can never operate within the States. Being a case of mere local legislation, it is not a casus fr.deris within that clause of the constitution which declares that the laws of the United States shall be the supreme law of.the-lad, There can be no question of supremacy and .,subordination where there is.no connection or conflict. The cQnstitutionmaies this provision, because othei legislative powers were -to operate throughiout the Union; the Congress and the States were to legislate over the same subjects, and over the same -territory, -and ther :fore there might be conflict. It..wa,
because the two codes were to prevail in the same places, and over the same- persons. But the provision cannot exteid .to laws enacted'by 'Congress fbi the mere local .municipal government of the City. because the reason on which, it is 'founded does not
extend W a case where all legislation is necessarily exclusive. There was no more reason in' this in-
stance to provide for a conflict of the two.authon. ties, than in the case.of the laws of a foreign State, which, except in the familiar example of quest-ions
relative to the lex loce -contractus,cannot- come in collision with our own laws, because they cannot operate extra-territorially. So here, from the .vpry nature of things, there can arise no conflict between the local laws of the -District of Columbia, and those of the States, because each code is confined to its owh territory. Any spund interpretation of the law

OF THE-UNITED STATES.
in question, must liunit it to the City of Washingtoir. It does not even. extend to the other municipal ·Corporanons within tbe.District of Columbia, becauge it. contains provisions expressly for the government of-Washington alonei and, does not profess to extend any of them beyond the limits of -that City. A law cannot exceed the authority of the -lawgiver, and that does not extend beyond the District, and is limited in its actual exercise to the City. There is no authority showing that a grant. of power of this kind to a municipal Corporation,:extends beyond the local limits of the City.

437
iem.
-Coheas
V. Vfikma.

The Attorney- General,for the plaintiffsin error, in reply, contended. that Congress, in passing the law under consideration, acted in thename of the whole nation, and for a great national object. Congress did not, as contended in the argument on the j urisdiction of the Court, succeed, by the cession, merely to the legislative powers of Maryland and Virginia, over this. District., They are not the trustees of those States only, they are the trustees of the whole Union. The cession was to the Congress and government of the United States. The -urisdiction over the territory belongs to the entire. people of the United States. It Is not the power of Maryland and Virginia which Congress represents, but the 'power of all the States, and the terriiory .ceded is to be looked at, not with reference to its origin, not as still forming ideally a part of Maryland and Virginia, but is to.be regarded as if incorporated into every State in the Union. The question is not, then. to be olved by ask-

438

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
"Cooheons v1.
Virginia.

ing what those States could do with respect to this ter-
ritory, but what each State of the Union could do with regard to its own territory because, to borrow an expression from the municipal law, each State of
the Union is seized jointly with all the rest, per me etper tout, of the whole jurisdiction over this terri-
tory. The acts of the Congress in legislating for the District of Columbia are the acts of all the people of all the States. It is therefore a fallacy in argument to represent Congress as succeeding merely to the same degree of power which Maryland and -Virginia formerly had over this territory. Could those States have taxed the other States, or borrowed money on their credit, for the improvement of'this territory, as Congress have done:' Although the jurisdiction of the States who formerly:held the sovereignty and domain of this territory has been supplanted by Congress, the substituted jurisdiction is far more extensive than that Which they held. It is a jurisdiction, which in the inhstances mentioned, and many others which might be enumerated, is capable of affecting all the States. It cannot be demied that the character of the jurisdiction which Congress has over the District, is widely different from that which it has over the States, for, over them, Congress has not exclusive jurisdiction. Its powers over the States are those only which are specifically given, and those which are necessary to carry them into effect whilst over the Districtit has all the powers which it has over the States, and in addition to these, a power of legislation exclusive of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

439

-all the States. But althouih the jurisdiction over the District is of a diflbrent and more extensive character, yet it is not so circumscribed that it may not incidentally affect the States, although exerted for a local purpose, as it is called. Such is sometimes the delusive effect:of single words and .phrases, that the position, that in legislatig for the District of Colombia, Congress is a local legislature, Ibr local purposes, and therefore cannot affect the States by its laws,'has almost become an aphorism with indolent or prejildiced inquirers. But in what sense can that be called a local govefnment which proceeds fibm the whole body of the iation P And how can that be termed a local object, Which is closdly and inseparably connected with the geneial interest of the whole .people of the Union P As well might it be -asserted that Congress acted as a local legislature, when it established offides for the sale of lands in the wdstern States, or fortifications at particular 'points on the sea-coast. It will not be'pretended that the first establishmerit of the seat of government in thi's District, was an act done by Congress :m'its character of a local legislature, and for local -purposes. How then can the subsequent acts for the improvement. and embellishment of the City be so regarded P The act of May'6th, 1796, authorized the commissioners
for erecting the public butildings to borrow money for that purpose. Would it have been competent"for the legislatures of the States to have impede d,thni loan by punishin their citizens for "subscribing to this stock P And could the States prohibit the sale of the City-lots within their territory, and thus ar-

1821.
Cobens
v.
Virginma.

440
1821. hn
v.
Virginia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
rest the improvement of the City P And if they could not, is it not because what Congress in the legitimate exercise of its powers has made it lawful to sell, the States cannot make it unlawful to buy P
Let us test by these considerations the question before the Court and let us distinguish between Congress legislating for the municipal government of the City, and Congress, in its national eharacter providing the means of adding necessary public improvements to the national capital. Congress has itself made this distinction. When a regulation for the mere internal police of the City is to be made, it is done by the Corporation, or some other inferior agent, without the interference of the President of the-United States. But, when an alteration of -the plan of the City, or. a public improvement affecting the whole of the City in a national point of view, is to be made, it is uniformly subj'ected to the control of the President. So here the specific purpose in view, and for which the lottery was authorized by the President, was, the establishment of a City Hall. a necessary consequence of the establishment of the City, which last was also a necessary consequence of the establishment of the seat of government.

Mardi CIi.

The opinion of the Court was delivered by Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL.
Trhis case was stated in the opinion given on the motion f6r dismissing the writ of error for want of jurisdiction in the Court. It now comes on to be decided on the question whether the Borough Court of Norfolk. in overruling the defence set iin tinder

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the act of Congress, has misconstrued that act. It 2s2.

is in these words. " The said Corporation shall have full power to
authorize the drawing of lotteries for effectig any

Cohiens
v.
Virgwia.

Important improvement in th Pity, which the ordi-

nary funds or revenue th.ereof il not accomplish:

Provided, that the sum to. be raised in each year

shall not exceed the amount of 10,000 dollars: And

provided, also, that the object for which the money

is intended to be raised shall be -first submitted to

the President of the United States, and shall be ap-

proved of by him."

Two questions arise on this act.

1st. Does it purport to authorize the Corporation

to force the sale of these lottery tickets in States

where such sales may be prohibited by law P If it

does,

2d. Is the law constitutionalP

If the first question be answered in the affirmative,

it will become necessary to consider the second. If

it should be answered in the negative, it will be un-

necessary, and consequently improper, to pursue any

inquiries, which would then be merely speculative,

respecting the power of Congress in the case.

In inquiring into the extent of the power granted coT"e-ofem.

poweralg the
to the Corporation of Washington, we wiust first ex- corporation of
the City of
amine the words of the grant. We find in them no aWutahsohriinzgetonthteo

expression

which

looks

beyond the limits

of the City.

da5, or l.
terieso.es not

The powers

granted

are all of them local in their na-

p, ed. to

ad autlor

ture, and all ofthem such as would, in the common irete Cbo

course of things, if not necessarily, be exercised the sale of the

Vo. V[.

56

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. within the city. The subject on which Congress

Cohens
v. Virginia.

was employed when framing this act was a local subject, it was not the establishment of a lottery, but the formation of a separate body for the ma-

tickets in such
St.es whre nagernent of the ii. ernal affairs of the City, for its ,h ,bri-nternal government, for its police. Congress must state laws. have considered itself as delegating to this corporate

body powers for these objects, and for these objects
solely. In delegating these powers, therefore, it seems reasonable to suppose that the mind of the legislature was directed to the City alone, to the action of the being they were creating within the City, and not to any extra-territorial operations. In describing the pnwers of such a being, no words of limitation need be used. They are limited by the subject. But, if it be intended to give its acts a binding efficacy beyond the natural limits of its power, and within the jurisdiction of a distinct power, we should expect to find, in the language of the incorporating act, some words indicating such intention.
Without such words, we cannot suppose that Congress designed to give to the acts of the Corporation any other effect, beyond its limits, than attends every act having the sa'nction of local law, when any thilg depends uon it which is to be transacted elseWhere.
If this would be the reasonable construction of corporate powers generally it is more especially proper in a case where an attempt is made so to exercise those powers as to control and limit the penal laws of a State. This is an operation which was not,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

W3:

we think, in the, contemplation of the legislature, while incorporating the City of A ashington.
To interfere with the penal laws of a State, where they are not levelled against the legitimate powers of the Union, but have for their sole object the internal government of the country, is a very serious measure, which Congress cannot be supposed to adopt lightly, or inconsiderately. The motives for it must be serious and weighty. It would be taken deliberately, and the intention would be clearly and unequivocally expressed.
An act, such as that, under consideration, ought not, we think, to be so construed as to imply this intention, unless its provisions were such as to render the construction inevitable.
We do not think it essential to the corporate power in question, that it should be exercised out of the City Could. the lottery be drawn in any State of the Union Does the corporate power to authorize.the drawing of a lottery imply a power to authorize its being drawn without the jurisdiction of a Corporation, in a place where it may be prohibited by law P rhis, we think, would scarcely be asserted. And. what clear legal distinction can be taken between a power to draw a lottery in a place where it is prohibited by law, and a power to establish an office for the sale of tickets in a place where it is prohibited by law P It may be urged, that the place where the lottery is drawn is of no importance to the Corporation, and therefore the act need not be so construed as to give power over the Piace, but that the right to sell tickets throughout the United

1821.
Cohere
v.
Virginia.

AAA.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
Cohens
V. Virga.

States is of importance, and thereforb ought to be implied.
That the power to sell tickets in every part of the United States might facilitate their sale, is not

to be denied; but it does not follow that Congress designed, for the purpose of giving this increased facility, to overrule the penal laws of the several States. In the City of Washington, the great metropolis of the nation, visited by individuals, from every part of the Union, tickets may be-freely sold to all who are willing to purchase. Can it- be affirmed that this is so limited a market, that the incorporating act must be extended.beyond its words, and made.to conflict with the internal police of the States, unless it be construed to give a more extensive marketP
It has been said, that the States cannot make it unlawful to buy that 'which Congress has made it lawful to sell.
This proposition is not denied , and, therefore, the validity of a law punishing a citizen of Virginia for purchasing a ticket in the City of Washington, might well be drawn into question. Such a law would be a direct attempt to counteract and defeat a measure authorized by the United States. But a law to punish the sale. of lottery tickets in Virginia, is of a different character. Before we can impeach its validity, we must inquire whether Congress intended to empower this Corporation to do any act within a State which the laws of that State might prohibit.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
In addition to the very important circumstance, that the act contains no words indicating such intention and that this extensive construction is not essential to the execution of the corporate power, the Court cannot resist the conviction, that the intention ascribed to this act, had it existed, would have been executed by very different means from those which have been employed.
Had Congress intended to establish a lottery for those improvements in the City which are deemed national, the lottery itself would have become the subject of legislative consideration. It would be organized by law. and agents for its execution would be appointed by the President, or in such other manner as the law might direct. If such agents were to act out of the District, there would be, probably,
ome provision made for such a state of things, and in-making such provisions Congress would examine its power to make them. The whole subject would be under the control of the government, or of persons appointed by the government.
But in this case no lottery is established by law, no control is exercied by the government over any which may be established. The lottery emanates from-a corporate power. The Corporation may authorize, or not authorize it, and may select the purposes to which the proceeds are to be applied. This Corporation i$ a being intended for local obects only. All its capacites are limited to the City. This, as well as every other law it is capable of inaking, is a by-law, and, from its nature, is only to-extensive with the City. It is not probable that

445
1821. Cohens
v. Virgima.

446

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT-

181.
' Cobens
V. v'i-grma.

such an agent would be employed in the execution of a lottery established by Congress, but when it acts, not as the agent for carrying into effect a lottery established by Congress, but in its own corporate
capacity, from its own corporate powers, it is reasonable to suppose that its acts were intended to partake of the nature of that capacity and of those powers, and, like alr its other acts, be merely local in its nature.
The proceeds of these lotteries are to come in aid of the revenues of the City. These revenues are raised by laws whose operation is entirely local, and for objects which are also:local , for no person will suppose, that the President's house, the Capitol, the Navy Yard, or other public'- institution, was to be benefitted by these lotteries, or was to form a charge on the City revenue. Coming in aid of'the City revenue., they are of the same character with it.; the mere creature of a corporate power.
The circumstances, that the lottery cannot -be drawn without the permission of the President, and that this resource is to be used only for important improvements, have been relied on as giving to this corporate power a more extensive operation -than is given to those with which it is associated. We do not think so.
The President has no agency in the lottery. It does not originate with him, nor is the improvement to which its profits are to be applied to be selected by him. Congress has not enlarged the corporate power by restricting its exercise to cases of Which
the President might approve.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

447

We very readily admit, that the act establishing

the seat of government, and the act appointing com-

missioners to superintend the public buildings, are laws of universal obligation. We admit, too, that

the laws of any State to defeat the loan authorized

by Congress, would have been void, as would have

been any attempt to arrest the progress of the canal,

or of any other measure which Congress may adopt.

These, and all other laws relative to theDistrict,

have the authority which may be .claimed by other

acts of the national legislature, but their extent is

to be determined by those rules of construction

which are applicable to all laws. The act incorpo-

rating the City of Washington is, unquestionably, of

universal obligation , but the extent of the corporate powers conferred by that act, is to be determined by

those considerations which -belong to the case.

Whether we consider the general character of a

law incorporating -a City, the objects for which such

law is usually made, or the words in which this

particular power is conferred, we arrive at the same

result. The Corporation was merely empowered to

authorize the drawing of lotteries, and the mind of

Congress was not directed to any provision for the

sale of the tickets beyond the limits of the Corpora-

tion. That subject does not seem to have been taken into view. It is the unanimous opinion of the

Court, that the law cannot be construed to em-

brace it.

Judgment affirmed.

1821.
Cohens
V. Virgia.

448
1821.
'the
Gibvbo. ns Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on transcript of the record of the Quarterly Session Court for the Borough of Norfolk, in the Cornmonwealth of Virginia, and was argued by counsel.
On consideration whereof, It IS ADJtUDGED and oRDERED, that the judgment of the said Quarterly Session Court for the Borough of Norfolk, in this case, be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs.

(P ACTIce.)
GIBBONS V. OGDEN.
A decree of the highest Court of Equity of a State, affirming the de, cretal order of an inferior Court of Equity of the same State, refusing to dissolve an injunction granted on the filing of the bill, is not a final d'cree within the 25th section of the judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. from which an appeal lies to this Court,
APPEAL from the Court for the Trial of Impeachments and the Correction of Errors of the State of New-York.
This was a bill filed by the plaintiff .:below, (Ogden,) against the defendant below, (Gibbons,) in the Court of Chancery of the State of New-York, for an injunction to restrain the defendant from navigating certain steam boats on the waters of the State of New-York, lying between Elizabethtown, in the State of New-Jersey, and the City of New-York:

OF THE UNITED STATES.

such intention. In this act, there are no such words, unless they are found in the reference to the Courts of Maryland. But on inquiry, we find, that in Maryland, an " adjourned session" is considered as the same session with that at which the adjournment was made. Since, then, the term at which. this conditional or office judgment was-to become final,. was still continuing when it was set aside, and the- defendant permitted to plead to the declaration, there was no error in that proceeding.

1821.
Hoplans
V. Lee.

Judgment -affirmed;

(CHAcEnRY. CommoN L&w.)
HOPKINs v. LEE.
A judgment or decree of a Court of competent jurisdiction is conclusive wherever the same matter is again brought in controversy.
But the rule does not apply to points which come only collaterally under consideration, or are only incidentally considered, or can only be argumentatively inferred from the decree.
Inan action at law by the vendee, against the vendor, for a breach of the contract, in not delivering the thing sold, the proper measure of damages is not the price stipulated in the contract, but the value at the time of the breach.
This rule applies to the sale of real, as well as personal property, but, Qu re, Whether it is the proper measure of damages in the case of an action for eviction
ERRORWtO the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
Tins was aii action of covenant, brought by the de-

CASES IN THE SUPREMMECOURT

1821.
Hopkins
v.
Lee.

fendant in error, (Lee,) against the plaintiff in error,
(Hopkins,) to recover damages tor not conveying certain tracts of military lands, which the plaintiff in error had agreed to convey, upon .the defendant in
error relieving a certain incumbrance held by one Rawleigh -Colston, upon an estate called Hill and Date, and which Lee had previously granted and sold to Hopkins, and for which the military -landsi# question were to be received in part payment. Thb dedlaraton set forth the covenant, and averred that Lee had completely removed the ineumbrance, from Hill and Dale. The defendant below -pleaded; 1.
That he bad notcompletely removed the incumbrance; and, 2. That he (the defendant below)' had never been required by Lee to convey the nilitary lands- to him' and on' these pleas issues were joined. Upon the trial, Lee, in order to prove the incumViance in question was removed, offered in. evidbnce to the jury a record of the proceeding in Chancery, on a bill filed against him in the Circuif Court by Hopkins. The bill stated, that on the 23d of January, 1807, the date of the agreement on: which the present action' at law was brought, -Hopkmns purchased of Lee, the estate of Bill and Dae, for which he agreed to pay 18,000 dollars -viz. 10,000 dollars in military lands, at settled prices% and to give his bond for the resid'e, payable in April, 1809. That Lee, in pursuance of this agreement, selected certain military lands in the bill mentioned. That at the time of the purchase of Hill and Dale, it was mortgaged to Colston for a large sum, which Lee had promised to discharge, but had fgited so to do, in consequence of which .:Lopzums had paid off the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.mortgage himself. The bill then claimeA a large sum of money from Lee for having-removed this incumbrance, and prayed that the defendant might be decreed to pay it, or in default thereof, that the claimant might be authorized by a d§cree of Chancery to sell'the military lands, which, he considered as a pledge remaining in his hands, and out of the proceeds thereof; to pay him.self. On the coming in of Lee's answer, denying several of the allegations of the bill, the cause was referred to a master, who made a report, stating a balance of 427 dollars 77 cents, due from Hopkins to .Lee. This report. was not excepted tb, and the Court, after referring.to-it, proceeded to decree the payment of ihe balance,. To this testimony the defendant'in the present action objected, so far as respected the reading of the master's report, and the decretal order thereon ; 'but the objecfion-was overruled by the Court beloy, and the evidence admitted. The counsel for the plaintiff in 'error then prayed the Court to instruct the jury, that in the assessment of damages, they should take the price of the military lands as agreed upon by the parties in the articles of agreement upon which the action, was brought, as the measure of damages for the breach of covenant. But the Court refused to give this -instruction, and directed -thejury to take the price of the lands,'at the time they ought to have been eonveyed, as the measure of damages. To
this instruction the plaintiffin error -excepted ,. and a .verdict and, judgment thereon being rendered for the plainuff below, the cause was' brought by writ of
-error to this Court.

1821.
Hopkins" ..
Lee.

11-2
1824.
I-Iok' V.
Lee.
FerarQyJ7t.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Mr. Pinkney and Mr. Swan , for the plaintiff in error, argued, (L) That the proceedings in Chancery were not admissible evidence in the action at law.
A verdict and judgment are indeed conclusive evidence between the same parties, but the other proceedings in the cause, and all that which is merely inducement to the verdict or judgment, are not evidence. So, a decree in Chancery is not conclusive evidence of all the facts in the course of the cause. Not that the decree is not conclusive. as a resjudicata but the decree here is no otherwise conclusive than as giving the party, in whose-favour it was pronounced, a right to have it executed. It-is not evidence at all, unless it be conclusive evidence: but it cannot be conclusive evidence of the details of the cause, and of the incidental questions which arose in its progress. (2.) The proper measure of damages in the action at law, was the price agreed by the parties. When a portipn of.the price of-land is to.be paid for in other land, the pecuniary price, with interest, is the rule at law, where specific performance is not called for. It is thus- subjected to- the analogical rule in the Court-of Chancery, where the contract is rescinded, instead of being specifically performed.

Mr. Jones and- Mr. Lee, for the defendant in er ror, insisted, (I.) That the proceedings in Chancery
were not only admissible evidence in the- suit at law, but vonclusive evidence. -It may be safely- admnitted that the decree is not evidence of such facts as are only collaterally or incidentally drawn in ques-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tion, or can only be argumentatively infened from the decree. But where the decree professes to be founded on a partidular fa' ct, which was the principal question in issue, and was ascertained by the mas-
ter's report, it must be conclusive in any other suit between the same parties. (2.) As to the proper measure of damages, it is the settled doctrine of this Court, that in an action by the purchaser for. a breach of the contract of sale, the rule .of damages'is the price of the article at the time of the breach.6 It is true, that the case of. Shepherd v. Hampton, was a sale of goods; but it is not perceived that there.is any difference in the application -of,the principle to real or to personal property.

ati.
Ho' pkins
LVge..

Mr. Justice LIVINGSTOx delivered the opinron of
the Court.
The first question which this Court has' to consider is, whether the proceedings in Chancery were properly qdmitted in -evidence in the Court below,
It is Uot denied, as a general rule, that a fact which
has been directly tried, and decided bya Court.of competent jurisdiction, cannot be contested again between the same parties, in the same or any other Court. Hence a verdict and jadgment of a Court of record, or a decree in Chancery, although-not binding on strangers, puts an end to all further controversy concerning the.points thus decided between the parties to such suit.. In this, there is and ought to be, no difference between a verdict and judgment

Feb. 121h,
Co n-iusee of' te .

a Shepherd v. Hampton, 3 Wheat. Rep. 200.

VOL. VI.

is

114

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. in a Court of cofamon law, and a decree of a Court
Hopkins Sof equity. They both stand on the same footing, and V. may be offered in evidence under the same limitations, Le. and it would be difficult to assign a reason why

it should be otherwise. Thg rule has found its way into every system of jurisprudence, not only from its obvious fitness and propriety, but because without it, an end could never be put to litigation. It is, therefore not confined in England or in this country to judgments of the same Court, or to the decisions of Courts of concurrent jurisdiction, but extends to matters litigated before competent tribunals in foreign countries. It applies to sentences of Courts of Admiralty-to ecclesiastical tribunals-and, in short, to every Court which has proper cognizance of the subject matte , so far as they profess to decide the particular m, tter in dispute. Under this rule, the decree in this case was proper evidence, ifit decided, or professed to decide, the same question which was made on the trial at law. For to points,which came only collaterally under consideration, or were only incidentally under cognizance, or could only be inferred by arguing from the decree, it is admitted that the rule does not apply. On a reference to the proceedings at law, and in Chancery, in the case now
before us, the Court is satisfied that the questio4t which arose on the trial of the action of covenant, was precisely the same, if not exclusively so,, (al-
though that was not necessary,) as the one which had already been directly decided by the CoUrt of Chancery. The bill, which was :filed by the present plaintiff in error, states, that on the 23d of Jana-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

11-07, which is the date of the agreement on which- the action at law is brought, Hopkins purchased of Lee the estate of Hill and Dale, for which he wasto pay #18,000-that is, #10,000 in military lands at settled prices, and the remainder in bonds) payable in April, 1809. That Lee, in pursuance of this agreement, selected certain military lands in thebill mentioned. That at the time of the purchase of Hill and Dale, it was mortgaged to Rawleigh Colston for a large sum, which Lee had promised to discharge, but that he had failed so to do, in consequence of which, Hopkins had paid the mortgage himself. The complainant then claims a large sum from Lee for having removed this incumbrance, and prays that the defendant may be decreed to pay it, or in default thereof, that the complainant may be authorisod, by a decree of the Court, to sell the military lands, which he considered as a pledge in his hands, and out of the proceeds to pay himself. Not a single demand is stated in the bill, except the one arising out of the complainant's extinguishment of the incumbrance, which Lee.had taken upon himself to remove.
Ox Lee's answer coming in, denying several of the allegations of the bill, the cause is referred to a master commissioner, who, after a long investigation, in the presence of both parties, and the examination of many witnesses, makes a report by which Hopkins is made a debtor of Lee in the sum of $427 77. On inspection of this report, it will be seen that the chief, if not the only controversy between -the .parties was, whether. Hill and Dale had been relieved

1821.
Hop
v.
Lee.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. from its incumbrance to Colston, by funds furRished "'I" by Lee to Hopkins for that purpose, and that unless
V. that fact had been found affirmatively, a repQrt cQil4 Lee. not have been made in Lee's favour. The Court, af-
ter referring to this report, and stating that it had not been excepted to, proceeds to decree the paywent of this balance by the complaiant to the defendant. From this summary review of the proreedings 14 Chancery, the conclusion seems irnevitable,, that tho chief, if not -sole matter in litigationfin that suit, was whether Hill and Dalehad been freed of the incumbrance to Colston, by Lee or by Hopkins, and that the report and subsequent decree proceeded on the ground, atxd established the fact, that Lee had discharged it, which was also the only point put in issie by the first ple.a of the defendant in the actioi of covenant. No xule of.evidence, therefore, is violated in saying that this decree was properly admitted by the Circuit Court. But if the.decree were admissible, it is suppo.sed that the report of the master ought not to have been submitted- to the jury. The Court entertains a different opinion. No reason has been assigned why a decision by a proper and sworn officer of a Court of Chancery, in the presence and hearing of both parties, according to the acknowledged practice and usage of the Court, on the very matters in controversy, not excepted to by either party, and confirmed by the Court, should not be as satisfactory evidence of any fact found by it, as the verdict of a jury, on which a judgment is afterwards rendered. The advantage which a verdict may be supposed to possess over a report, from, its

OF THE UNITED STATES.

117

being the decision of twelve, instead.of the opinion
of a single man, is perhaps more than counternalanced by the time which is allowed to a master for deliberation, and a more thorough investigation of the matters in controversy. But a better and more satis-
factory answer is, that it is the usual, known, and approved practice of the Court to whose jurisdiction the parties had submitted themselves. But if this document be witheld from a jury, how are they or the Court to arrive at the grounds of the decree, or a knowledge of the points or matters which have been decided in the cause P Without it, the decree may be intelligible but the grounds on which it proceeds, or the facts which it means to decide, may be liable to much uncertainty and conjecture. The report, therefore, as well as the decree, was proper evidence, not only of the fact that such report and decree had been made, but of the matter which they professed directly to decide. We are not now called upon to say, whether, in those respects, they were
conclusive, as they do not appear to have been 6ffered with that view, but without meaning t odeny to them such effect, we only say, which is all that the present case requires, that they were competent and proper, in the absence of other testimony, to establish
the fact of the removal of the incumbrance by the defendant Lee, from the estate of Hill and Dale.
In the assessment of damages, the counsel for the plaintiff in error, prayed the Court to instruct the jury, that they should take the price of the land, as agreed upon by the parties in the articles of agree-
ment upon which the suit was brought, for their go-

1821. ,,"v.
V.
Lee.

118

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.

'o-

*'

V.
Le.

vernment. But the Court refused to give this in-
struction, and directed thejuryto take the price of the lands, at the time they ought to have been conveyed, as the measure of damages. To this instruction the

Rule ofdaza-. plaintiff in error excepted. The rule is settled in

ges on a breach

of the Contmct this Court, that in an action by the vendee for a

of sale b o

t y vend

de.ver. the breach of contract on the part of the vendor, for not

delivering the article, the measure of damages is its

price at the time of the breach. The price being

settled by the contract, which is generally the case,

makes no difference, nor ought it to make any;

otherwise the vendor; if the article have risen in va-

lue, would always have it in his power to discharge

himself from his contract, and put the enhanced va-

lue in his own pocket. Nor can it make any differ-

ence in principle, whether the contract be for the sale

of real or personal property, if the lands, as is the

case here, have not been improved or built on. In both

cases, the vendee is entitled to have the thing agreed

for, at the contract price, and to sell it himself at

its increased value. If it be withheld, the vendor

ought to make good to him the difference. This is

not an action for eviction, nor is the Court now prescribing the proper rule of damages in such a case.a

Judgment affirmed.

a As to the damages recoverable upon an eviction of real property, Vide Ante, Vol. I. p. 62. Note c.

520

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. been-lodged by the 4ppeliants with the clerk of this

Unifted States Court, within the first six days of the term, accord-

Six

V.
Packages

ing-to

the

rule.

of Goods.

Mr. Wl eaton, for. the appellants, opposed the mo-

tion, upon the ground that no certificate was produ-

ced from the clerk of the Court below, stating that

-an,appeal had been taken, according to the rule,

The-COURT denied the motion, but stated that as
the object of the respondents was to have the proceeds of the property in litigation, which had been sold by order of the Court below, invested in stocks, such investment might be made by the Court below, notwithstanding the pendency of the appeal ii this Court.
Motion denied.a

a Vide new rule of Court of the present term. .nte, Rule XXXII.

(INSTANCE COURT.)
The UNITED STATES V. SIX PACKAGES OF GOODS, Toler, Claimant.
Under the 67th section of the Collection Act oftho 2d of Alarch, 1799, c. 128., where gogds were entered by an agent of the owner on his behalf, and the entry included onlv a part of the goods which the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

packages contained, and the owner subsequently made a further, or post entry of the residue of the goods, and the packages being opened several days afterwards and examined by the collector in the presence of two merchants, and their contents found to agree with the two entries taken together, but to difrer matenally from the first entry he:d, that the collector was not precluded from making a seizure of the goods after the second entry, for a variance between the contents of the packages and the first entry, and that such seizure must be followed by confiscation. uoless it should appear that such difference proceeded from accident and mistake, and not from an intention to defraud the revenue.

1821.
United 8tates V.
Six Packages of Goods.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the Southern District of New-York.
This was a libel of information filed in the Court below against certain goods imported from London in the ship Isabella, at the port of New-York, as forfeited under the 67th section of the collection act of the 2d of March, 1799, c. 128.

The cause was argued by the Attorney- General, march 12 ,. and Mr. Pinkney, for the United States, and by Mr. D. B. Ogden and Mr. Wheaton, for the claimant.

Mr. Justice LivINGSTON delivered the opinion of

the Court.

This is a libel under the 67th section of the collec-

tion law, passed the 2d of March, 1799.

This section provides, that it shall be lawful for the

collector, naval officer, or other officers of the cus-

toms, after entry made of any goods, wares, or mer-

chandize, on suspicion of fraud, to open and exa-

mine, in the presence of two or more reputable

merchants, any package or packages thereof, and if,

upon examination, they shall be found to- agree with

VOL. VI.

66

march 141h.

b22

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. the entries, the officer making such seizure and exaUited States mmation, shall cause the same to be repacked, and

V. delivered to the owner or claimant forthwith, and

SixPackages of Goo.

the

expense

of such

examination

shall

be

paid

by

the

said collector or other officer, and allowed in the set-

tlement of their accounts : but if any of the packages

so examined, shall be found to differ in.their contents

from the entry, then the goods, -wares or merchan-

dize contained 'in such package or packages, .shdil be

forfeited : Provided, that the sard forfeiture shall not

be incurred, if it shall be made appear to the satisfac-
tion of the collector and naval officer of the district .where the same shall happen, if there be a naval of-

ficer, and if there be no naval officer, to the satisface-
tion of the Collector or of the Court in which a prosecution for the forfeiture shall be had, that such dif-

ference arose from -accident or mistake, and not from an intention to defraud the revenue.

These goods being claimed by Hugh K. Toler, of the City of New:York, merchant, were condemned

by the District Court of the United States, for the

Southern District of New-York, which sentence be-

ing reversed by the Circuit Court for that district, an appeal from the last sentence has been taken to this

Court.

Beford'we examine the facts of the case, or whe-

ther they establish a frs ud, without which the prose-

cution under this secuoQn cannot be sustained, it will be necessary to dispose of. a quesuon of law, which has been, made by the counsel for the.claimant.

It is.conceded on all hands. that on the 3d of No-

vember, 1-8.10, the six packages which. azq. libelled

OF THE UNITED STATES.

were entered at the custom-house by Thomas Ash, on behalf of the claimant, and that the entry covered
only a part of the goods which the packages contamed. That two days after, Toler himself cornpleted the entry of the resid - of the goods which were in these packages, and ,vhich had not been previously entered by Ash. Several days after, the packages were opeped and examined by the collector, in presence of two merchants, and their contents were found not to differ, but to agree with the two entries taken together; but to *differvery materially from the first entry made -by Ash, upon -which the collector made-a seizure of them. On these facts, about.which there is no dispilte, it is-denied that the collector had any right to seize, inasmuch.as, when the inspection took place, there was no difference
between the goods found, ir The packages, and those mentioned in the invoices. It is said, that the collector, if he suspected a fraud, ought to have made a seizure before the second entry, in which case the difference which would have existed between the goods on which a -duty was secured, and those in the
packages, would have justified such an act, but that by waiting until a second entry was made, the fraud, if any committed), was purged. In support of this position, it is said, that the collection law provides for a post entry of this kind, and that the very oath which is taken when an entry is made, imposes on the party who m~ikes it, the duty, in case he shall afterwards discover any other goods in a package than those first entered by him, of immediately informing the collector, and making a further entry thereof.

f82i.
United SStates SiaPacvkages
of Goods.

524

CASES IN THE SVPREME COURT

1821.
UnUinteod States
V.
Six Packages of Goods.

This provision) and the form of the oath, suppose more than that a deficient or defective entry may be made innocently, and under a mistake, without any certain knowledge at the time of the contents of the packages "enttre . For, if the party -making an entry, knows at the time of' other goods, such other goods cannot be entered afterwards, and the oath usual on such occasions cannot be taken, without admitting that a perjury had been committed at the time of the first entry. The Court is, therefore, of opinion, that, although the seizure, was not madd until after the second entry, the collector had a right to seize fbr any variance between the contents of the packages, and the. first entry, afd that such seizure will be valid, and must be followed by sentence of condemnation, unless -it shall turn out that such difference pfoceeded from accident or mistake, and not from an intention to defraud the revenue. Whether the case of the claimant be entitled to this favourable interpretation, the Court will now proceed to inquire. A great deal of testimony,. which was not produced in the Circuit Court, and which might easily have been, (as all the witnesses resided in the City of New-York,) has been taken since the appeal, and it is on this testimony, as well -as on that
which- was there. taken, that the sentence of that Court must now be reviewed.
It is in proof, and indeed'admitted by the claimant, that a very imperfect-entry of the goods contained in these packages was made or, Saturday, the third day of November, 1810, by Thomas Ash, who had been -employed by Toler to enter the same; and thnt

OF THE UNITE,D:STATES.

525

the residence of the goodsthere-in contained was not 1821. entered by the claimant; until the fifth day of the Uie"te same month. To escape from the consequences of Six.PaVck.agea the first entries not being complete, and to repel the of Goods.
imputdtion of its originating in fraud, the plaintiff has endeavoured to prove-that the letter covering the invoices of the goods contained in the second entry, was not received by him when the first entry was made. To establish this fact, his clerk, Mr. Crane, has been examined- as a witness, and admitting that he has told the truth, there would be some reason to believe, that such were the fact ; but there are many'circumstances which now appear in this cause, which compel us to withhold from Mr. Crane the credit whilch might otherwise.be due to him, The usual course of business, as testified
to by several very respectable. merchants. stand opposed to his relation,.that invoices of orily -part of the, goods contained, in those packages, -were-enclosed in a letter to. H. K. Toler & Co., and Tnvoices of the other goods in- a lette.r to'J K. Jaffray, which had been forwarded to that gentleman-at Albanxy It appears from all the testimony, -that if a package, consigned to one person, contain goods belonging to different persons, it is customary, and some of the witnesses say indispensable, to send to the consignee of the-package, invoices of all the goods which it contains) or to refer, in the main invoice of the con-
signee, to the invoice of the other goods, and that the .withholding such invoices or information, would be considered as stron evidence of an intention to defraud the revenuc. Another circumstance which

526

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. detracts much from, the credit of this witness, is, that Sit is more than probable, that at the time of this con-
United States
six Pavi.ksge, signment, .a copartnership subsisted between the of Good. claimant and the Jaffrays of London. This appears

not only from an advertisement of a dissolution of such -copartnership,-which has been published since the decree of the Circmt Court, in one of the NewYork papers, but from -other testimony in the cause, and from no contrary proof being furnished by Mi. Toler. Now, if such partnership really existed, which cannot well be disbelieved, it is most extraL..linary indeed, that all the invoices of the goods in that package should not have been sent to the partner residing permanently in the city of New-Yor'k, but that an'invoice:of part of them should be transmitted.to him, avid of another, and of.the most valuable part,-to a partner who might.or might not .have reached this country when the Isabella arrived. If merchants, who must be presumed to know bow to manage their business, will act in a manner so contrary to.the ;general practice -ofcommerial men, they must expect, and cannot complain, if suck.-deviation from established usage create suspicions unfavoura. ble to the integrity of the particular transaction. It would have added something.tqthe value of the testitnony of Mr. Crane, if the.name of the-merchant at Albany, -to wjhose care the letter for Mr;. Jaffray had been.transmitted,:or if the.lettbr ,itself, with"the-postmaiksi had-been produced,. Therimportance of the testimofiy of -M.Ash,.as;deliVered _efore'the'Circuit Court, is much 'weakened by ihat of Judge Van

OF THE UNITED STATE8.

527

Ness, who has also been examined since the appeal, 1821.

for, instead of being simply told at the custom house, United States

when he asked

for a

permit, th·at he must

call again,

V.
Six.Packajes

it appears he stated, on his examination in the Dis- of Goods.

trict Court, that when he applied for a permit on the

3d of November, he was told at the custom. house,

that "I they wished to examine the goods before they

.were delivered ;" and that although he did not see

Mr. Toler until. Monday, he communicated to his

clerk, Mr. Crane%. what had passed, who doubtless

gave the same- iformation to his principal, which

will account for the solicitude which -he discovered

so early on Monday morning to enter- the -goods

which had-been omitted in the entry of Mr. Ash.

There -are other, circumstances in this case, that are

not here noticed, which render -theexplanation. given

by Mr. Toler,,to say the least, extremely quostion-

able.

The Court cannot dismiss this cause without ex-

pressing its surprise, that more than ten years-have

elapsed since the filing of the libel in the District

Court. As all the: witnesses who-.have been exa-

mined since the appeal, reside in tho city in which

the cause was tried, they, might, and ought&, to have

been examined in that: Court,. and- it their testimony

had there been reduced to writing, and -used.in the

i;cuirt Court; a final decision- might have been had

many years age, and before the insolvencies which

it is suggested have happened, and have rendered the

ffirther .prosecution' of these proceedings.-of little or

no importance ta the parties,

6.8
1821.
""o
Brashier
v.
Gratz.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The decree of the Circuit Court is revoked, and the sentence of condemnation pronounced by the District Court affirmed.

(CHANCERY.)
BRASHIER V. GRATZ et al.
The general rule is, that time is not of the essence of a contract ol sale; and a failure on the part of the .purchaser, or vendor, to perform his contract, on the stipulated day, does not, of itself, deprive him of his right to a specific performance, when he is able to comply with his part of the engagement.
But circumstances may be so changed, that the.object of the party can no longer be accomplished, and he cannot be placed in the same si. tuation as if the contract had been performed in due time. In such a case, a Court of Equity will leave the parties to their remedy at law
Part performance will, vnder some circumstances, induce the Court to relieve.
But where a considerable length of time has elapsed, where the party demanding a specific performance has failed to perfdrm his part of the contract, and the demand is made after 'a great change in the title and the value of the land, and there is a.want of reciprocity in the obligations of the respective partibs, a Court of Equity will not interfere.
APPEAL from the Circult Court of Kentucky.
This cause was argued by Mr. B. Hardinofor the appellant, and by Mr. Sergeant for the respondents.b
a He cited I Fonbl. Eq. 227 9 Pes. 415. 2 P Wns. 243, 4 Bro. Ch. Rep. 329. 469. 391. 1 Ves.jun. 221. 1 Alk. 12.
i Who cited Sugd. Vend. -246. 5 Ves. 720. Note. I Ves. jun. 450. 9 Cranch, 456. 8 Cranch, 471.

550
.121.
Kerr a.
watts.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(CITANCERY. LOCAL LAw.)
KERR et al. v. WATTS.

The ddlcion of this C6urt, in Masne v. Walls, 6 Crancli, 148. re-
vised and confirmed. Who are necessary parties in equity. The rule applied in equity to the relief of bonz fde purchasers with-
-outnotice, ts not applicable to the case of purchasers of military land warrants under the laws of Virginia. Such purchasers are considered as affected with notice by the record of the entry, and also of the survey; and subsequent purchasers are considered as acquiring the interest of the person making the entry; so that purchtsers under conflicting entries are considered as purchasing under distinct rights, in which case the rule, as to innocent purchasers, does not apply.
The principle, that only parties, or privies, or purchasers pendente ie, are bound by a decree in equity, how -applied to this case.
The surveys actually made on the military land warrants of Virginia, have not the force of judicial acts, or of acts done by the deputations of officers asgeneral agents of the continental officers.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio. Ferdinando O'Neal was owner of a Virginia military warrant for 4,000 acres of land, dated the 17th of Julyr, 1783, and employed Nathaniel Massie, a deputy surveyor, to locate it, and to survey and re-
turn the plats. John Watts purchased the right of O'Neal, and
on the 7th of January, 1801, paid Massie 50 pounds in full satisfaction for locating and surveying the
warrant. On the 3d of August, 1787, Massie made an entry
on part of O'Neal's warrant for 1,000 acres. On

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the same day an entry had been made for 1,000 acres for Robert Powell, which was purchased by Massie.
On the 27th of January, 1795, Massie made an entry in his own name for 2,366 acres, and the bill, filed in the Court below by the respondent, Watts, against the appellants, Kerr and others, charges, that on the 26th of April, 1796, Massie fraudulently made a survey for O'Neal, for 530 acres, purporting to be made upon his said entry of 1,000 acres, but, in fact, on different land, having fraudulently appropriated to himself the land covered by O'Neal's entry, by surveys made on Powell's and his own entries, having purchased Powell's warrant and entry before the surveys were made.
The bill further states, that Massie had obtained grants upon his survey.
Watts commenced a suit in Chancery against Massie in the State Court of Kentucky, claiming a conveyance of the legal title, and proceeded to a final hearing upon the merits, in the Circuit Court of Kentucky, to which it had been removed, which last Court, in the November term, 1807, made an interlocutory decree, in favour of Watts, and directed the proper surveyor to lay off the several entries in the manner pointed out in that decree, and to report to the Court in order to a final decree in the premises.
The cause was finally decided by a decree directing Massie to convey the 1,000 -acres to Watts according to certain metes and bounds reported, and to deliver possession, &c., and upon performance of

551
ism1. Kerr v. Watts.

552
1821.
'
Herr
V. Watts.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the decree by Massie, Watts was directed to transfer to him 1,000 acres of O'Neals warrant.
Massie appealed to this Court, where the decree of the Circuit Court was affirmed, at February term,
1810.' Massie refused to convey or deliver possession
when demanded, and in the mean time part of the property recovered had been laid out into lots of the town of Chilicothe, and the bill charges the appellants, and others, who were made. defendants in the present suit, with having in possession, respectively, part of the complainant's property, and claiming to hold the same by titles derived under Massie.
The record of the proceedings in Kentucky, and in the Supreme Court, were referred to, and made part of the bill in this case.
The entries before mentioned are as follows " No. 503. Captain Robert Powell enters 1,000 acres of land, &c. Beginning at the upper corner on the Scioto of Major Thomas Massie's entry, No. 480, running up the river 520 poles, when reduced to a straight line, thence from the beginning with Massie's line, so far that a line parallel to the general course of the river shall include the quantity." " No. 509 Captain Ferdinand O'Neal enters 1,000 acres, &c. Beginning at the upper corner on the Scioto of Rgbert Powell's entry, 503, running up the river 500 poles, when reduced to a straight line, and from the beginining with Powell's line, so far that a line parallel with the general course of the river will include the quantity."
a 6 Cranch. 148.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

11 No. 2462 Nathaniel Massie enters 2,366 acres, &c. on the bank of Scioto, corner to Robert Powell'; survey, No. 503, thence with his line south 43 east 293 poles, south 80 east to the upper back corner of Thomas Massie's survey, No. 480, thence with his line south 10 west, to Paint Creek, thence up the creek to the corner of Thomas Lawes' survey, thence with his line, and from the beginning up the Scioto to the lower corner of Daniel Stull's survey, thence with his line so far that a line south 10 west, will include the quantity "
But these entries depended on one which preceded
them on the entry book, made by Thomas Massie,
as follows: " No. 480 1787, August 3d. Thomas Massie
enters 1,.00 acres, &c. Beginning at the junction of Paint Creek with the Scioto, running up the Scioto 520 poles when reduced to a straight line,
thence off at right angles, with the general course of the river so far that a line parallel thereto will include the quantity."
This Court, in the case referred to, decided, that Thomas Massie's survey ought to commence at the mouth of Paint Creek, and that the upper corner on the river should be placed at the termination of a right line at the distance of 520 poles, and the survey extended out at right angles with the general course of a right line supposed from the beginning to the upper corner and that, from the upper corner of Thomas Massie's survey2 a point on'the river, at the distance of 520 poles on a right line should be

V0r.. W.

70

1821.
Kerr
V. wattb.

554
1821. "Kerr
v.
Watt.

CASES IN THE SUPRFME COURT
ascertained for the upper corner of Powell's, and that the real course of a right line from Thomas Massie's corner to Powell's upper corner, should be considered as a base from which Powell's survey
should be-extended by lines at right angles-therewith, except -only so far as the lower line might interfere with Thomas Massie's property.
The survey cf O'-Neal to depend upon the same principles in relation to the survey of Powell.
The object of the present suit was to carry into execution against the defendants, Who have acquired Massi's tide, the decree against kmin Kentucky, affirmed in this Court.
The Court below, by their decree, gave relief against each, for the specific property claimed by the answer of each, construing the. entries according to the principles-of the former decision, except in varying the complainant's survey, by a decision that a piece of land called an Island in the river, was part of the main shore when the entries were made, and included-as a part of the bank.
The defendants all submitted to the decree, except Kerr, Poolittle, Joseph Kirkpatrick, sen. Joseph Kirkpatrick, jun., and the heirs of James Johnston, who appealed to this Court.

rammy i6.

The Attorney- Generat and Mr. Scott, for the appellants, argued, (.) that the survey made for Powell ought to be established, because made under the superintendance of officers to whom the State of Virginia had deputed the sovereign and exclusive authority to regulate -uch surveys, similar to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

powers of commissioners to adjust pre-emption rights : and that their determination was conclusive, being an inseparable condition annexed to the grant from the State.8 'The existence and power of these. agents-has been recognised -by the Court.b (2.) The appellant, Kerr, is an innocent purchaser without notice, who holds the legal estate with superior equity, and therefore. cannot be disturbed by the alleged equity of Watts. The cause having been set
down for hearing on the-bill and answers, his answer is conclusive evidence as to every fact which it states * and it does state that at the filing of the bill he had the legal title; and that before either party purchased, the entries had been surveyed, and become matters of record.. A survey returned and recorded is notice., He i not affected by -the supposed fraud of Massie in making Powes survey. Massie was only one-of several mesne purchasers of Powell's rights; and-if Powell,. the. originalholder, was innocent, a subsequent purchaser under him has a right to the shield of his innocence, even though such purchaser had notice.e Nor is the appellant-a lite pendente purchaser, because the former suit was brought in Kentucky,.out of the jurisdiction where the land lies/ The rule ip borrowed from the com-

mi.
K
V. Watts.

a 2 Ventr 365. 3 Ch. Cas. 135. 6 Wallace v. Anderson, 5 Wheat. Rep. 291. c Wheat. Dig. Dec. fit. Chancery,pl. 142. Leeds v. Mar. Ins. Co. '2 Wheat. Rep. 380. d 3 Bnneyj's Rep. 118.
e 2 At. 242. It )7e. 478, Sugd. Vend. 438. f 2 P. Wins. 482.

66
18a1. %AVI
Kerr
v.
Watts.

CASES IN THE SUPREMER COURT
mon law; and its analogies must, therefore, be pursued. A verdict and judgment at law, or a decree in
equity, .affecting the title to land, are local in their
nature. The Us pendens must be -on the question of
title directly, and not incidentally. The principle is confined to ,those who attempt: to originate a title pendente lite, and is -never extended to those who had acquired a title previously, and who-ought, therefore, to have been made parties to the s pendens. Its policy..is to preventv the parties from alienating, and thug evadiig'thejustice of ihe Court. Even if the appellant had no legal fitle, but had-only the better right to call for -it, he could not be affected in emuty by .the pendency of the former suit.4 Nor is lie bound as privy to the former decree. No person can be bound-as such, who ought-to have been made a party: as to all who ought to have been parties, such a dectee is considered-as a fraud.b Those only are privies, who-acquire this interest subsequent -to the institution of the suit, by the decree in which they-are sought to be affected. Besides, the-question here is substantially different from that which arose in-the former case. There it was as to the responsibility-of an agent-to his principal, for an alleged fraud. Here it is as to the dispossession of a bona fide purchaser.

Mr. Doddrzdge and Mr. Hardin, contra, stated that-they should not examine the correctness of the

-a 2 Vern. 599. l I Bihney's Rep. 217. 2 Binney 40. 455. 3 Binney, 114.

OF THE UNITED'STATES.
decision in the former case, "hor the question whether the-appellants were bound by the decree against Massie, under whom they claim ; since, whether.they were bound by it as a res judicata or not, the Court would not'change-the application of the former adjudication, unless the appellants showed themselves to be purchasers for a valuable conside'ation without notice, or unless the respondent had been guilty of some -gross negligence. The defence of being a purchaser without notice, can never be set up by or against one claiming under a different original title. It is admitted to be the general rule, that where the cause is set down for a hearing on the bill and answer, the answer of the defendant is conclusive. but where the answer proceeds upon the ground of making, the. defendant an innocent purchaser, and the records, &c. made part of the bill, show that he cannot be such, there the law charging him with-notice from the registry, forms an exception to the rule. The title of the respondent is an imperfect legal title, and his claim being a matter of record, cannot be treated as a latent equity, for negligence in prosecuting which he shall lose his property. In the system of land laws which has been established in this country, land titles commence by a recQrd' and the very first step confers an inchoate legal title.

557
1821.
Kerr
v.
Watts.

Mr. Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court.
This cause has its origin in the case decided in this Court between Watts and Masste, in the year 1810.

xaw, iwL.

,558

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

IS2.
Kerr Kerr
V.
sioFnoirnmtehrisdceaci. rvised a

That suit came up from -the Kentucky Distric, and was-prosecuted there because Massie, the defendant, then resided in that State, and either was, or was supposed to be, actually seised of the land in
question. Since that decision, it has been ascertained that
the present defendants are in possession of 'the land, or the greater part of it, and Massie also having changed his residence to Ohio, this smt has become necessary, both to enforce the former decree against him, and to obtain relief against the actual possessors
of the land. In the course of discussion, the Court has been
called on to review its decision in Watts and Massw, and it has patiently heard, and deliberately consi-

dered, the able and well-conducted argument on this subject. But, after the maturest reflection, it ad-

heres to the opinion aiat, whether the case be viewed

with reference to the time, intent, and meaning of the

calls, to analogy to decided cases, or convenience in

the voluntary adoption of a principle of the most ge-

neral application, that laid down in the -case of

Watts and Massw., for running the lines of the land

called for, cannot be deviated from. So far, there-

fore, as Massie himself, and his privies in estate,

are concerned, Watts is now entitled to the full bene-

fit of that decision. tu, m ty But there -are various other defendants, and seve-

nteiceesss.baorwy p&ara-r ral, grounds of dffence assumed in this case, which

ap.pblcable
tp',c e

to are unaffected by the decision referred to.

It is contended, in the first place, that there is a radical defect of parties. That the representatives

OF THE UNITED ST.&TES.

,fi9

of O'Neal and Scott,.through whom the complainant 1821.

claims,. and those of Powell and Thomas Massie, Herr

supposed-to be hostile to his interests, ought to have V.

been made parties.

Wata

On this point there may be given one general

answer. No one-need be made a party complainant

in whom there exists no j, rest, and no one party

defendant from whom notaing is demanded. Watts

rests his case upon the averment that all the interests

once vested in O'Neal and the Scots, now centre in

himself; and, provided he can recover the land now

ia possession of those actually made defendants, he

is contented afterwards to meet the just ciaims of

any others who are not made defendants. No rights

will be affected by his recovery, but those of the ac-

toal defendants, and those claiming through them.

As to the supposed interference of the lines ordered

to he surveyed, with those of Thomas Massie, or

Powell, the former is merely hypothetical by way of

reference, or imaginary ; and the latter is only as-

serted on the ground that Massie had, acquired all

the interest in Powell's survey that Powell ever had.

There was therefore nothing to demand of Powell,

as the case is exhibited by the record. It must be

subject to these modifications, that the obiter dictum

of the Court, in the case of Simms and Guthrze, is

to be understood.

It is next contended, in: behalfof Kerr, and several plie'rdintcoipthlee arep.

other defendants, that they claim through purchasers pur(ecifhtfa6se:r;sA

who were bona fide purchasers without notice, for a without notice,

valuable consideration. And at first view it would to thi case.

seem, that the principles so often applied to the re-

560

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
1
Kerr
V.
Watts.

lief of innocent purchasers, are applicable to the case of these defendants, wherever the facts sustain the defence. But it, will njit do at this day, to apply this principle to the case of purchasers of military

land-warrants, derived under the laws of Virginia.

In all the Courts in which such cases have come

under review, the purchasers have been considered

as affected by the record notice of the entry, and

also of the survey, such as it legally ought to be

made, as incident to, or bound up in the entry It

is altogether a system suz generzs, and subsequent purchasers are considered as acquiring the interest of

the entror, and not necessarily that of the State. So that purchasers under conflicting entries are consi-

dered as purchasing under distinct rights, in which

case the principle here contended for does not apply,

since the ignorance of a purchaser of a defective ti-

tle, cannot make that title good, as against an independent and better right. These principles may safely

be laid hold of, to support a doctrine which, however

severe occasionally in its operation, was perhaps in-

dispensable to the protection of the interests acquired

under military land-warrants, when we take into

.consideration the facility with which such interests might otherwise, in all cases, have been defeated by

early transfers.

The former It is further contended, that the defendants are

decree, how far

conclustve int
the presentcase. not

bound by the decree in

the

case

of

ratts and

Masse, because neither parties, nor privies, nor Pen-

dente lite purchasers. That those who come not into this Court, in any

one of those characters, are not subject to the direct

OF THE UNITED STATES.

and binding efficacy of an adjudication, is unques-

tionable. But it is not very material as to the prm-

cipal question in this case, whether the parties are to be affected .by the former adjudication directly, or by

the declared adherence of this Court to the doctrines

established in that case. The consequence to the

parties on the merits of the case is the same.

But in one view it is material, and that is with re-

gard to the proof of the exhibits, through which

Watts, the complainant, deduces his title through the

Scots from O'Neal. As Massie, in the former case,

(the record of which is made a proof of this,) acqui-

esced in this deduction of Watts' title, we are of opi-

nion that it is, as to him and his privies in estate, a

point conceded. As to parties and privies, the prin-

ciple cannot be contested, and as to pendente lite

purchasers, it is not necessary to determine the ques-

tion, since the only defendants who have appealed

from the decision below, to wit, Kerr, the Kirkpa-

tricks, Doolittle, and the Johnsons, claim under pur-

chases made long anterior to this scrip, in Kentucky.

Those defendants certainly were entitled to a ple-

nary defence, and where they have, by their answers,

put the complainant upon proof of his allegations, as

to his deduction of title, the question arises, Whether

it appears from the record that the deduction of title

was legally proved.

There can be no doubt that this question passed

sub silentio in the Court below, -but it does not ap-

pear from any thing on the record, that the point

was waived, and we are not at liberty to look be-

VOL. V1.

71

i81.
"Kerr V.
Watts.

W62
1si.
"
Kerr
V. Watt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
yond the record for the evidence on which the deduction of title was sustained.
Although we entertain no doubt, that exhibits may, on the trial, be proved by parol testimony, yet a-note on the minutes, or on the exhibit, became indispensFible to transmit the fact to this Court, and as the case furnishes no such memorandum, we must consider the assignments through -which Watts derived his title from O'Neal,. as not having been established by evidence. Such was thh decision of this Court in the case of Drummozd v. M Gruder.
But Kerr is the only one of these appellants who has expressly put the complainant on. proof of his title. The rest of the appellants having passed over this subject without any notice in their answer, the question is, whether they waived their right to call for evidence to prove these exhibits. We are of opinion they have not, and that the complainant is always bound to prove his title, unless it be admitted by the answer.
There are two principles of a more general nature, of which all the appellants claim the benefit, and which, as the cause must go back, will require consideration.
It is contended, that Nathaniel Massie was the acknowledged agent of both O'Neal and Watts, and that the complainant is precluded by his acts done in that capacity. This argument is resorted to, as well to fasien on Watts the survey made. in his behalf above the town of Chilicothe, as a relinquishment of all clhim to a location at the place now contended for in his behalf. But in neither of these vievh

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M

can this Court apply this principle in favour of the ism2.

defendants; for, it follows from the principles esta- Kerr

blished for surveying O'Neal's entry, that the survey V. made by Massie on O'Neal's entry, was illegal and. Watts.

void; and, certainly, ,when employed in locating the

entries made in favour of Powell and himself, Massie

was not acting as. the agent of O'Neal or Watts, but

as the agent of Powell, or, in fact, in his own be-

half. The survey, on which this argument rests,

was at best but partial ; and .it is conclusive against

it to observe, that the powers of Massie, as agent of

Watts, were limited to the entry and mechanical acts

of the survey. The recording of that survey, and

all those solemn acts which give. it legal validity, it

does not appear that his powers extended to. Watts

n&ier recognised that survey,.or assumed the obliga-

tory effects of it by any act of his own, and in fact,

in the event, (though not a material circumstance to

the result we -cometo,) it has since been ascertained

that it was not only made off Watts's entry, but on

land appropriated by another.

But it has been contended, also, that all these sur ofShuerveys iulintadrery

veys actually made on the military land warrants of land wnt

Virginia,

derive the authenticity and force of judicial

have notthe f.
fect o. a, 'aesu.

acts, or of acts done by the general agents of the dfcata,

continental officers respectively, from the superin-

tending and controlling powers vested in the deputa-

tions of officers. as the law denominates them, ap-

pointed by themselves to superintend the appro-

priation of the military reserves set apart for their

use. It is to be presumed, it is contended, that every

survey made by their authorized surveyors, was

6
1821.
Ke"rr v.
Watts.

CASES- IN THE SUPREME -COURT
made under their controj and direction. This Court does not feel itself authorized-to raise any such presumption. The -powers actually exercised by those commissioners, were limited to very few -objects.
The surveying of. entries at a very early period,. became a judicial subject. And the commissioners, or rather. deputations of. officers, never assumed a right to adjust the conflicting interests of individuals upon the locating and surveying of such entries. To appoint surveyors, to speruitend and direct the drawing of lots for precedemce among the locators, to direct the !ur.ve forofficers and soldiers not present or not represented,. and: to determine when the good lands. bet veen the Cumberlandand Tennessee should be .exb usted,, comprehended all ihe powers with which they::were,-vestod. - As individual agents capable of binding,their.. princlpals, they appear in one case, and Wnly on6,-which was.when the officer ,orsoldier was alpent and. unrpresented And as to, judicial powers, therb is no provision of the act that vests them with a semblance of such. a power, unless it be to judge of the. right of -priority as determihied by lot. But here, also; they appear more properly in the character of ministerial officers-discharging a diity without the least latitude of judgment or discretion. Their powers in nothing resemble that of the Courts of Commissioners established through the back counties of Virginia. As to the subjects submitted to the boards so constituted, (of which military warrants were no part,) those boards were expressly vested with judicial power. But the powers of the deputations of officers were purely ministerial.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

6W

-AndIfit be admitted, that they might have exercised the power of defining the principles on whioh surveys should have been made, yet it is certainly incumbent
on him who would avail himself of that power, to show that it was exercised, and to bring himself within the rules prescribed by their authority.
Decree reversed as to these appellants, and sent
back. for further proceedings.

1821.
Le
V.
The Marine
Ins. Co.

(CHANCERY.)
LEEDS et al. v. "THE MARINE INSURANCE
COMPANY.
Application of the law of set-off and lien in Equity, under peculiar circumstances.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.
This was a suit in -Equity, commenced in the Court below by the respondents against the appellants, in which the mjunction obtained on the filing of the bill was made perpetual. The facts are stated in the opinion of the Court.
This cause was argued by Mr. Swann and Mr. Marca 97t. Jones for the-appellant, ,and by the Attorney- General and Mr. Lee for the-respondents.

REPORTS
&V
THE DECISIONS
IN THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITkD STATES. FEBRUARY TERM, 1821.

(Pazz.)

The AMiABLE ISABELLA, -znoso Claimant.

Whether the capture is made by a duly commissioned captor, or not, iw a question between the Government and the captor, srith wich the

claimant has nothing to do; Ifthe calture be made by a non-commissioned captor, the Government
may contest the right of the captor after a decree of condemnation, and before a distribution of the. prize proceeds; and.the condemla.ton must be to the Government. The 17th article of the Spanur treaty of 1795, so far as it purports to give any effect to passports.' mlperfect and inoperative, in conse.quence of the omission to annex the form of paskport to the treaty. Quare-Whether, if the form bad been annexed, and the passport were obtained. by fraud and upon 4Lhe suggestions, it would have the conclusive effect attributed to it by the treaty ?
-uere-Whestahileinr g under enemy's convoy be a subsiantive cause of-ondemnation? By the Spanish treaty of 1795, free shps nIke free good; but the form of the passport, by wlich the freedom of the ship was to have been conclusively established, never having been duly annexed to the treaty, the proprietary interest of the &Upis to

Von V.

I

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. -

be prqved according to the ordinary rules of the Prize Court, :.enifd thus shewn to be Spanish, will protect the cargo on-board, to whom-

The Amiable soever the latter may belong. Isabella. By the rules ofthe Prize Court, the onusprobandiof a neutralinterest

rests on the claimant. The evidence to acquit or condemn, must come, m the 4rst instance,
from the ship's papers, and thei '3amination ofthe captured persons. Where these are not satisfactory, farther proofmay be admitted, if the
claimant has not forfeited his right to it.by a breach ofgood faith.
On the production of faitber proof, if the neutrality of the property :is not established beyond reasonable doubt, condemnation follows..
The assertion of a false claim, in whole or m part, by'an agent, or.in connivance with the real dwner, is a substantive cause of condem-
nation.

AI'PEAL from the Circuit Court of North Caro-
lina. Thins was tl-e case of a ship and cargo, sailing un-
der Spanish alIoursi and captured -hy the priviteer Roger, Quarles, master," on an ostengible voyage

a As the form of the commission issued to 'the privateer, in this case, is one. of the points discussed in the -argument, it is thought necessary to insert'lt.
James Madisos, Pietidnt of the Uuited States of America., to all wh1o shall-se the e presents, gfeeifng:
Be it known, that in jrseance of an act of Congress passed on the 26th day of June, one thousand eight hufidred and twelve, I have commissioned, and by'these presents do commission, the private armed schooner called the Roger, of the burthen of 184 tons,.or thereabouts, owned by Thomas E. Gary, Hy. Gary, James *B.Cogbill & Co. Brogg & Jones, Hannon & High, Robert Ritchie, Robert Birch~ett, Joh'Wright, Win. C. Boswell, Samuel Turner," John G. Heslop, Win. & Charles Carling, Thomas Shbe, Richard B. Butte, Richard Drummond, Littlebury Estambuck, John Davis, Spencer Drummond, Peter Nestell, and Roger Quarles, mounting fourteen carriage guns,
and nayvgated by ninety men, hereby authorizing C.aptamin-,

OF THE UNITED STATES
from Havana to Hamburg, but really destined for 1821. London, or with an alternative destination, and or- Th*eaAmiable ders to touch in England for information as to mrr- Isabella. kets, and further instructions. The ship sailed from the Havana, on the 24th of November, 1814, under

and John Davis, Lieutenant of the said Schooner Roger, and the

other officers and crew thereof, to subdue, -seize, and take any

armed or unarmed British vessel, public or private, which

shall be found in the jurisdictional limits of the United States,

or elsewhere, on the high seas, or withm the waters of the

British dominions, and such captured vessel, with her apparel,

guns and appurtenances, and the goods or effects which sball be found on board the same. together with all the British per-

sons and olhers,who shall be found acting on board, to bring withi some port of the United States, and also to retake any vessels. goods, and effects; of the people of the United States, which may have been captured by any British armed vessels,

in order that proceedings may be had concerning such capture

or recapture, in due'form of law, and as to right and justice

,shall appertain. The-said. -

is

further authorized to detain, seize, and take all vessels and

effects, to whomsoever belonging, wich shall be liable thereto,

according to the law of natinsi and the rightsI of the United

States, as a power at war, and to bring the same within some

port of the United States, in order thatdue proceedings may be had thereon-,-ths commission to continue in force during the pleasure- of the President of the United States, for the tinge

being.

Given undir my hand; and the seal of the United Stptes of

America, at the City of Washington, ibe 24th day of.

April, .rnthe year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-

dred and thirteen, and of the Vidependence of the said

States the thirty-seventh.

(Signed)

JAMES MADISON.

By the President,

(Signed)

J3zics Moioz, Secretary of State.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
18 i. convoy of-the British. frigate Ister, with which 9he 7.o Armabe parted company on the ist of December, the frigate
Isableua having gone in chace of an American prvateer, and
on the 43d.of December, was captured by the privateer Roger, and carned into Wilmington, North Carolina, for ad~udication.- The ship and cargo were condemned'as prize of war in the District Court of North Carolina, -and--the .sentence was, after the -admission of farther proof in the Circuit Cqurt, .affirmed by that Court. An appeal was then allowed. to this Court, with permission to introduce new proof here, if thkis Court, should choose to receive it.
The original evidence consisted. of the papers found on board the t'.pturd vessel, and delivered up to the captors, by the master,, at, the time of the cap-
ture, and of -certain 6ther documents afterwards. found concealed on board, or in the possesion of Rahlives, the supercargo, or..of, one Masuco, alias Btirr, a passenger on board the Isabella., Some of the sfiip's papers were mutilated, and attempted to be destroyed, and others were thrown overbbard, and spoliated.
The.paper of. which the follbo.ing is a translation, was the only one delivered-up by th master, at the time of the capture: " Doe Jose Sedano, Adibinistrator" General of the Royal Revenues of thisport of Havana, in the island of Cuba, &c. certify that .by authotity and knowledge. of the General Administrator of the Revenues under my charge, permission has been given to ship in the Spanish ship called the Isabel, Captain Don Francisco Cacho, with destination for Hamburg, viz.:

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Don Alonzo Benigno Munos,

registered on the day of this date,

six hundred and seventy-six boxes

brown sugar, two hundred and

M I a 676 M + 201 a 228
I a .40.

twenty-eight boxes white ditto, and two hundred quintals dyewood, which he has shipped on his own account and risk, con-

signed to Don Juan Carlos Rah-

lives, and paid 6290, and that it

may so appear, I sign the present.

(Signed)

SEDANO."

Havana, 10th Nov. 1814.

1821.
The Amiable Isabella.

Among the papers found on board, and .brouaht

int, the Registry, with an explanation of the

ciriu.astances under which they were discovered,

w ere,

..1 ,"

(.) A passport or license granted by the Governor

and Captain General'of the island of Cuba,.of which

the lbllowing is a translation:

Number 94.

PROVINCE OF THE HAVANA.

Don. Juan Ruiz de Apodaca y Eliza, President, Governor, Captain General of the place of Havana, and island of Cuba, Commandant General of the Naval. Forces of the Apostedero, &c. &c.
For want of royal passports, I dbspatcli this document in favour of Captain Don Francisco Cacho, inhabitant of the city of Havana, that with his Spa-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
ThTe Ami'able
Isabella.

nish merchant ship called Amable Isabel, of the bur-

then of 2081 tons, he may sail from this port, with cargo and register of free trade, and proceed to that

of Hamburg, there to trade, and return to his port of

departure, with the express condition of'performing

his voyage outward and inward, directly to the fixed

places of his destination, without deviating, or touch-

ing at any port, national or foreign, in the islands or

continent of the Indies, unless compelled by inevita-

ble accident. Gratis.

(Signed)

APODACA,

Sebastian de la Cadena.a

a The original of this passport, or license, is as follows

.Numero 94.

PROVINCrA DE LA HABAiNA.

D. Juan Rutz de Apodaca y Eliza, Presidente, Gobernador,

Capitan Generhi1, de Ia -plaza de Ia Habana,.e bla de Cuba, y

Comandante GenerM de Marina del Apostadero, &c. &c. -

A, falta de Reales Pasaportes expido este documento ; favor

del Capitan Do. Franc. Cacho Vecino ce esta Ciudad de Ia Ha-

bana para que con su Fragata mercantile Espafiola nombada

Amable Ysabel

de porte de 208-

toneladas, pueda salir de este Puerto, con carg y registro del

libre comercio, y transferirse al de Hamburgo

para comerciar en el, y. restituirse al de su salida con expres,

condicion, de hacer su derrota de ida y vaelta directamente i

los senalados parages de so destino sin extraviarse n hacer ar-

ribada a Puertos nacionales, 6 extrangeros, en islas, 6 tierra

firme de Indias'1 meanos de verse obligado de accidentes de

otia suerte. jio remediables. Habana, diez de Novembre de

mil ochocientoz cat6rze.

Gratis.

(Signed)
SEBASTIAN -DE LA CADEA.

APODACA.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

(2.) A clearance granted by Don Pedro Acevido, captain of the port of Havana, permitting the said Cacho "to proceed with the Spanish ship La Amable.Isabel, from this port to England," with a muster roll of the officers and crew annexed. (3.) A letter of instructions from Muuios, the claimant, to C.acho, -of.which the following is a translation-

1321.
The Amiable
Isabella.

Havana, 1Oth Nov. 1814. acDon Francisco Cacho.

"SIR.
" Intrusted as you are with my.ship La Amarble Isabel, which sails bound for Hamburg, or some other port of that continent, or for those of England, I hope that you will perform -yourduty with 'the-exactness ypu have always used, and which was my motive for making choice of you. Consequently I will omit all further advicei particularly as there goes in the vessel the supercargo, Don Juan Rahlives,
with my full power and instructions. You will observe all his direitions as if they were dictated by myself. Wishing you a prosperous voyage, &c.

(Signed)

MuNos.

(4.) Articles of agreement between Munos and the master and crew of the ship. (5.) A general procuration from Munos to one Von Harten of London,. dated at Havana, May 29th, 1812, with a substitution by the latter to.Rahlives the .supercargo, executed at London. (6.) A letter fiom one Tieson, dated London, November 4th, 1813, to his brother F. Tieson, at-Rio Janibro, introducing Rahilves,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

7821.
4
The Amiable Isabella.

as the conductor of certain commercral operations, which he had concerted with several friends, referring his correspondent to Rahlives himself for the details. (7) A letter from one Rhodes, dated Londot, to Messrs. Glover & Co. at Rio Janeiro, introducing Rahlives, who the writer states "goes as supercargo in the ship Isis, and acts for Mr. John Goble of Havana, and Mr. Von [arten of London," &c. (8.) A letter from Hawkes & Malloret, dated Liverpool, October 28th, 1803, to Brown & Co., at Rio Janieror, introducing Rahlives as " particularly connected with our intimate and respeAtable friend Mdr. George Von Harten of London, and John Gobel of Havanna, on whose behalf he will probably visit you very shortly. It is probable Mr. Rahlives may entrust to your management some transactions for account of said friends, and others, and we beg to assure you we feel convinced every satisfaction will result from such business as he may have to conduct." (9.) The following circular . 11 Havana, 1st May, 1812. On the 15th last May, we took the liberty of addressing our friends from London, requesting their countenance to an establishment we
intended to form in this city under the firm of Von Harten, Gobel & Co. We now have the satisfaction to inform you of our complete success in organizing and *consolidatingtbh same, and tliat we are in every respect enabled to, procure to our correspondents all those advantages which may result from intelligence, activity, and the most respectable connections in this island. Political considerations, however, induce us to carry on our aflirs for the future under the sole

OF THE UNITED STATES.

name and firm of Mr. John Gobel, who is perma- 1821 nently to reside in this country" &c. .(10.) An ac, T _j

count of sales, dated.Havana, November.16th, 1814; l

signed by J. Gobel, of the cargo c'the English'brig

Portsea, received from Rio de Janeiro, on account

of Messrs. Brown, Weston & Co. and.of Rahlivs

amounting to 20,3 13 dollars net proceeds, leaving to the credit of Rahlives. in Gobel's hands, half of that.

sum. (11.) A charter party, executed t Rio-de

Janeiro, May I Ith, 18 14, between Westo and Gobell

letting to him the Portsea, and consigning the cargo.

to the charterer. (12.) The following letter froM

Munos to Rahlives: "Havana, .10th- Nov. 1814.

Sir, I enclose you invoice and bill* of lading shew-

ing to have shipped in my ship called La Amablk

Isabel, Capt. Don Francisco Cacho, 1,104 boxes of

sugar, and 40 half boxes of ditto, and 200 qo.ntals

of dye-wood, the principal amount of which and

charges amounts to $60,642 3, which cargo con-

signed to you, yoa will please -to take charge of on

your arrival at Hamburg, or at any other port- you

may find convenient to go, proceeding to sell it on

the most advantageous terms you can obtain, that

with the proceeds you may make the returns accord-

ing to the instructions I have verbally communicated

to you. In like manner I recommend to you, and

place under your care, my said- vessel, in order that

the adventure may have the most favourable termi-

nation, to which end I have given definitive orders

to the Captain, Don Francisco Cacho, that lhe may

observe the instructions you -may communicate to

him in my namer As I am so well satisfied with

VOL. VI

2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1s8i.
Tie Amiable
IDabella.

your care and diligence, and the friendship my house
entertains for you- I shall omit any further'advice, wishing you a prosperous voyage, and that you may
duly advise me of your proceedings, and commumcate such instructions as you may think fit. Yours, &c.1 (13.) A oill of lading signed by the master, Cacho, acknowledging the receipt of the, cargo, and engaging to deliver it to Rahlives at Hamburgi or at the port where his register might be verified. (14.) A manifest, entitled "Manifest of the cargo of the Spanish ship La Amable Isabel, in its voyage-from this port of Havana to that of London ;" and siganed -by the master; being stated in the margin that he had signed bills of lading therefor "1to Don Alonzo Benigno Munos, which he has registered on his own account and risk, and to the-consignment of Horace Solly of London."
Amongthe mutilated papers found on board were, (1.) various accounts between Rahlives and F Thi-
eson. (2.) An invoice of jerked beef and tallow, shipped from Rio de Janeiro to Havana. (3.) Another invoice of the same, " for account and risk of Mr. Alonzo Benigno Munos at Havana," per brig Isis, Capt. Brenmer, amounting to 22,371 dollars. (4.) Invoice of sugars, &L.shipped on board the Isis at Havana by order of Rahlives, signed by Gobel, and amountink to 5D6,671 dollars. (b.) Another invoice of the same, shipped on board the Isis, " for Falmouth and a market, to the orders of G. Van H-arten, Esq. in London," signed by Rahlives, and various accounts between the different parties.

OF TftE UNITED STATES.
A claim was given in for the ship and cargo, as the i821. property of Don Alonzo Benigao Munos, by Rah- Th"e "A'miable lives, the supercargo, as agent for the alleged owner; Isabella. and. ihe -captured persons were examined on the standing interrogatories.
Upon the 6rder for tarthdr -proof,the affidavits of the claimant and his clerks, to the proprietary interest of the ship -and cargo, in him, were produced, and the proceedings before the tribunal of the Consulado, at the Havana, under which the ship- which had arrived at that port from New-Providence, was sold under the bottomry bond alleged to be given for repairs by one John Cook, to the claimant, and* was naturalized as a Spafhish vessel. A great mass of testimony. was also produced, tending, (among other things,) to show that the claimant, who was father-in-law of Gbbel, had not been actively engaged in trade for many years before this shipment was made; and that Gobel, not being a Spanish subject, all his foreign business, and his transactions with the custom- house,. had constantly been carried on in the-name of Munos.

Mr. Gaston, for the appellant and claimant, argued, 1. that the prize allegation, in this case, ought to be- dismissed, because the libellants had shown no lawful authority to make 'the capture in -question, and, thereforei condemnation could-not be pronounced in favour of the capt6is, but, even if the proprietary "itterest were proved to be enemy's, ift must be condemned -as a droit of admiralty tb the iigla of the government. It is a well established ptinciple

z b. s,
1820.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. ThTe Atmaable
Iuabella.

of the law of prize, that the captors must show an authority to capture as prize, and exhibit their title deeds.a Here the commission is issued to the vessel itself, without naming the commander who is to direct her operations as a cruizer. The commInder, by whom the seizure was actually made, had no commission or.authority whatever, other than what was delegated to him by the owners of the vessel. The cap.ture is,therefore, null, so far as respects -the captors. On. general principlesi no persons can rightfully carry on war but those .whohave a particular authority ftom the sovereign power of the state. With regard to private armed vessels, unless they have a public commission, their acts are absoluiely unlavful, and .all on board may be treated as pirates.b At all events, they. can derive no title under captures thus made, unless they have a commission. In bellopartacedunt reimpublice), and all the rights of prize are derived from the grant of the sovereign power. Nor can the commission he: issu-. ed to the inanimate machine. It must be to the or-
ganized association of, human beings who are to control and direct its force. Without a head to control atid govern them, such an association would be nothing but a band of pirates. The interests of mankind will not tolerate the existence of such a monster as a ship"6f war without a lawful commander. Even when thus governed, they require to be watched with vigilance, and controlled by the government, least 'itey involve the nation with its al-

a The -Melomasne, 5 Rob. 43. &Vatd,Draigdes Gems, . 3. c. 1. s.226.

OF THE UNITEID STATES.
lies, or with neutrals;, For this purpose it is neces- 1821. sary that the government should designate and com- The Amiable mLssion thoir officers. So -sfrict is the doctrine of Isabelta. the Court of Admiralty on this subject, that a capture made by a public commissioned ship, the commander not being on board at the time, is regarded as if made without a commission.b So, also, by our own law, the act declaring war, June 18th, 1812, c. 425., -authorises the President to issue commissions or letters of marque and reprisal., in such form as he shall think proper to dictate" and in the form which he has actually prescribed, the names of the captain and lieutenant are required to be inserted. The Prize Act of June 26th, 1812, c. 430., imposes very strict duties upon the commander, which he is to perform personally, and cannot devolve upon another. He:is, among other things, to give bond, and is made responsible for his:own misconduct and that of the.crew; is to receive and execute the President's instructions; .is to keep.a journal of the ship's transactions; and by his personal negligence-or misconduct, may forfeit the commission, and the rights of prize derived under it. Most clearly the Government +as a right to judge of the merits and qualifications of the person to be invested with a trust so high and important. out the Government has not delegated it to the captors, in the present case, and, therefore, they have no fight to demand condemnation to their use. Nor has the Government itself
a The Thomas Gibbons 8 Crand, 421. b The Charlotte, 5 Rob. 251.

CASES- IN THE SUPREME COURT
8l1. interposed , nor, indeed) can it interpose, to require 71e Amiableecondemnation to its.own, use, until the-preliminary
Isabella. question of prize or no prize is determined, and the Court is about to distribute-the proceeds.a No final decree of condemnation can, therefore, now be pro-
nounced. 2. The testimony furnished -by the papers found
on board the-captured vessel, is-such, as, according to the treaty- between the United States and Spain of 1795, is. conclusive on the. question, and. entitles the claimant to immediate restitution. This treaty forms a conventional law on the subject of neutral commerce,- essentially different from the-general law on the sam.e subjectb By the 15h article it is stipulated, that the ships..of -either.nation may sail from any port to those of a country which -may be at war with either or both nations, and may go to neutral places) or to other -enemy ports , and that every article on board, except contraband, to whomsoever belonging, shall be free. In order to carry into effect this stipulation for the unlimited liberty of commerce, and that free ships shall make free goods, it is provided by the 17th article, that the vessel shall be furnishea with a passport expressing her national character, and with certificates to show, that the cargo is not contraband. To this passport a conclusive effect is attributed. It establishes the national character of the ship; and that being pro-
ct The Thomas Gibbons, 8 Cranch, 421.
b For the provisions of this treaty, =sde APPENDIX, Note Wo. I.

'OF THE UNITED STATES.
ved,.renders it immaterial -to inquire respecting the 1s82. cargo, except so far as to ascertain by the certificate, T that it is, not contraband. The I8th article requires. Iabella. the cruisers -of either .party, meeting the merchant vessels of the other uponuthe high seas, to remain out of cannon .shot,and only authorises them to-send on board two or'three'men, -and if the-passport -b-e exhibited, the vessel is not to' be molested ; and by -the 17th article- if the prescribed documents are not-ex,hibitbd, she may.be sent in for adjudication, and condemned as prize, unless testimony-entirelyequvalent .sall be-produced'. The ship-.-now in question,. was furnished with such a.passport and -certificate as -the -treaty prescribes. It is true, that' the form of passpbrt; intended to have been annexed to the treaty, never was, in fact, annexed by the negociators, owing to accident or negligence, or some other cause which we cabunot now exphlin. We are not, however, Without the means of ascertaining what will satisfy the requisitions of the treaty. A. passport, or sea letter, is a Well known document in the usage of maritime commerce, and is defined to be a permission from a neutral State to the master of a ship to- proceed on his proposed voyage, usually contaimiing ls name- and residence, and the name, propbrty, tonnage, and destination of the ship.0 Although it evidences the permission of the State to navigate the seas, yet it does not, therefore, follow, that it must issue directly from the supreme power
a Marshallon Ins. 406.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
ThTetoAmiable Isabella.

of the State, and some authority ought to be- shown
support such a position. This erroneous notion, probably, arises from the practice of our own coun-
try, which is different from that of all other nations. Previous to the year 1793, no other documents were furnished to the merchant vessels of -the United States but the certificate of registry and clearance, but the depredations upon our commerce having commenced with the European war which broke out in that year, a form of sea letter was devised, and to give it greater effect, was signed by the. President. On the 28th of November, 1795, a treaty was made With Algiers, by which a passport was to protect our vessels from capture by Algerine cruisers. By the act of the 1st. of June, 1796, c. 339. Congress authorised the Secretary of State to prepare a form, which, when approved by the President, should be the form of the passport. Neither the treaty nor the law required the President's signatur?, but the form prepared was signed by the President, as the sea letter had been. But this,.our peculiar practice, forms no rule of conduct obligatory on others, anl will not authorize us to give a more restricted meaning to the term used in a treaty than the general usage of nations will warrant. The word passport, thus used, is taken from the same word, sigpifying a permission given to individuals to remove from one

a "Passaporte. Passeport. Lettre on brevet d'un prince ou d'un commandant pour donner la libertd de voyager, d'entrer et de sortir librement de ses terres. Fdes publica." &orsno, NoU. Dict. Etpagol,Franfats, et Latin.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

place to another, and the documents are analogous. i821.

Vattel

states, that,

"

like

every

other

act of supreme

The Amia The Amiable

cognizance, all safe-conducts or passports flow from Isabella.

the sovereign authority, but the Prince may dele-

gate to his officers the power of furnishing them,

and with this they are invested, either by express

commission, or in consequence of the nature of their

functions. A General of an army, from the nature

of his post, can grant them , and as they are de-

rived, though mediately, from the same Prince, all

his generals are bound to respect them.11a So, also,

Blackstone speaks of the offence of violatinrg pass-

ports, or safe-conducts. -granted by the King or hs

Ambassadors."' It is then incidental to the commis-

sion of an Admiral or Genera, or public Minister, to

issue these documents of protection for persons or

property. By the usage of all commercial coun-

tries, they are issued by the superior officers super-

intending the marine affairs of the kingdom, pro-

vmce, city, or colony, where granted, and as repre-

senting the Sovereign in those places. In France,

they have alwAys been issued by the Admiral

of Fran'ce, except during the revolution, when

they were issued by the- Minister of Marine'.,

a Vattl, Droitdes Gent, 1. 3 c. 17. s. 265. et seq.

b 4 Bl. Cbmm; 68.

c Wheat. Capt. 59.

-

d

ez
"PsS

oRT.

C'est une permtsssonde l'Jmtralpour voy-

ager en suretd et 6tre reconnue par tout. C'eqt sur ce passe-

port que les bitimens de commerce naviguent." Encyclop.

Mo.art. Maine.

VOL. V1

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
The Ambe
Iaba.

In the King of Prussia's ordinance of neutrality, passports and sea-letters are spoken of as issuing from Admiralties, Maritime- Colleges, or magistrates
of cities.a And in the celebrated answer to te Prussian Exposition des Motifs, it is said, that until the year. 1746, the usual -document was a certificate from the Admiralty that the. ship was Prussian. Afterwards a-pass under the royal -seal of the regency of Pomerania at.Stettin was used.b In our treaty with Holland, the form of a sea letter is given, which is in the -name of the burgomasters and regents of the city, acting-under an ordinance of the States General. In England, such -documenta are issued by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, as is shown by the papers in the case of the Nerezde in this Court :' and on foreign stations, they may be issued by the Admirals commanding those stations. In the famous Black Book of the Admzratty, we find it laid down, that all intercourse with the enemy is prohib~tqd, unless under a special license from the King or his Admiral.d In the case of the ships taken at Genoa,e Sir W. Scott declarbs, that Lord Keith, as Admiral commanding the expedition, had a right to grant passports to protect.the ships sailing under them. And in this Court; the licenses issued by Admiral Sawyer, and countersigned by a

a 2 Azun, Appx. No. 9. p. 401. Johinsor'sTranst. 6 Wkeat. Capt. Appx. No. I. p. 334. Report of Sir George
Lee, ,c. Vide APPEri'Dwx, Note No. II.
c 9 Cratich, 38.
d WhIeat. Capt. 159. a 4 Rob.. 317.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

British Consul, were determined to be passports 1821.

which would protect against British capturer

At "
The Amiabj#

Gibraltar, these documents are issued in the name of, Igabella.

and signed by, the Commissibners 6f the Admiralty

at that place.' As to the usage of Spain, it appears,

by a royat passport, found on board the Isabella, and

issiled for another snip called the Clara, to be usu-

ally issued at home by the Secretary of the Marine

in the King's name; but it also appears by an m-

dorsement on this very paper, that the Spanish com-

mandants of foreign stations, or Apostaderos, may

alter such passports, and grant liberty to change the

course of the voyage.., And they may also issue ori-

gihal passports, in their own name, where there is a

deficiency of royal passports, and the v.essel has not

been previously documented. Such is the passport

which was issued to the Isabella in the present case.

The. power to issue such documents of protection, is

necessarily incident to .the vast authorities conferred

on the Spanish colonial governors; 'and the case of

the British ship of war Eliza, which was compelled

to enter the port of Havana in distress, in time of

war, and to which the Captain General, after.re-

lieving her wants, gave a passport to protect her

from capture, is an example of the exercise of the

power in question highly honourable to the generosity

of the'Spanish character.' The treaty under which

a The Julia, 8 Cranch, 181. The Aurora, 8 Cranch,. 203.
The Hiram, 8 Cranch, 444. The Ariadne, 2 Wheat. Rep. 143. Z Reevea' Law of S7 p. Appx. No. 9, n fin. c Ray~nal Hisi. tom. 7. p. 455. -

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1s2i. protection is now claimed, was conceived m the spi.
ThTemAmiable t of that benevolent policy so long cherished by the Isabella, United States, and which Spain has reciprotated. It has for its object to limit the range of warfare on the high seas, and to extend the immunities of the neutral flag. In this spirit it ought to be construed. A comparison of its provisions with those of other conventions for the same object, will show the cor-
rectness of the interpretation for which-we contend. In the'French treaty of 1778,a which was-the forerunner of the armed beutrality of 1780, a passport-or sea letter in a certain form is provided to protect the ship. But there is nothing from which it can be inferred that this document is to issue from the supreme executive of the respective nations. To show how subordinate a consideration was that of form, it is deserving of remark, that the form actually annexed to the treaty, omits a circumstance which the text of fhe treaty expressly requires-- the place of residence of the master." So that a passport precisely corresponding with the form annexed, was adjudged by the Court of K. B. in England, who had not seen the annexed form, to be substantially defective in this respect, and thus to- falsify the warranty of neutrality in a policy of insurance.b So the treaty with Holland of 1782,e contains analogous stiPulations with those of the Spanish treaty. It gives the form

a For the provisions of this treaty, mea No. III.
b Baring v Christie, 5 Easts Rep. 398. c For the provisions of this treaty, see No. III.

APPENDIX,
APPENDIX,

Note Note

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of a passport, and-of a sea letter, which are after- 1821. wards spoken of as' the same, or at least, as equi- Thee Amnlaable pollent documents. The passport does not show by Isabela. whom it is to be signed; but it shows, that it may be issued by individuals signing their own names, and affixing their own private seals, and that it was not thought necessary, that it should issue in the name of the chief magistrate ; and the sea letter is unequivocally to be issued by an ,adthority less than the supreme power -of the 'State. The treaty of 1783, with Sweden, repeaW the -same stipulations of the unlimited liberty of commerce, and that free ships should make free goods; and to prevent disputes, a passport or sea letter is to be furnished, -showing that the vessel belongs to a subject, which i to protect from all further inquiry, and is to be ipade out m "1good.form.?' Here the form is avowedly left to the exercise of an honest discretion on each side. Iii'the treaty with Prussia, of 178 5,b the same conclusive effect is ittributed to the sea letter or passport, the form of which was to be subsequently concerted by the contracting parties. From these the -treaty with Spain was copied, whose Govern. ment gloried in being the first among the southern powers of Europe that acceded to the principles of the armed neutrality.' One of the leading principles asserted by that confederacy, went to exclude
a For the provisions of this treaty, see APPENDIX, Note No. Ill.
b For its provisions, see APrPNmx, ib. c 2 Azun:, Appendix,. No. 31.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. from the jurisdiction of the belligerent Prize Courts

'The Ile Amiable

whatever

Was

done

under the

neutral flag, and to

habella. render it matter of negociation between State and-

State. A national contract made to carry into effect

this principle, is to be construed according to its in-

tention and spirit, which meant to rely upon the jus-

tice and honour of -both nations, that neither would

imparc to enemy vessels the immunities which were

intended to be confined to neutral property. En-

lightened views of interest would induce the neutral

State not to permit any but its own subjects to avail

themselves of the concession, and though every pos-

sible abuse might not be prevented, yet cases of

fraud would rarely occur, and the evils prodUced

would be far outweighed by the immense importance

of the general security of commerce, and the con-

sequent mitigation of the evils of war. The autho-

rity of the Spanish Government, to issue a passport

certifying the proprietary interest in the vessels of

its own subjects is unquestionable, and the local law

and usage must determine its form, and the authority

by which it is to be issued.

3. But supposing the passport produced not to be

precisely such as the treaty intended, yet it is insist-

ed, that, with the other documents, it furnishes tes-

timony " entirely equivalent," according to the ex-

pression used in the 17th article. It is importait.to

fix the precise.meaning of the last clause ofthat article.

The preceding clauses stipulated, that the ship shall

have a passport to show that she belongs to the

neutral State, and a certificate to show.that ner cargo

OF THE UNITED STATES.
(to whomsoever belonging) is not contraband. By 1821. the 18th article, if she is furnished with these docu- The Amiable ments, she is to be exempt from all detention or mo- Isabella. lestation. If not furnished with them, she may be carried in for adjudication, and then must account for the omission, and furnish other testimony, which, considering all the circumstances, shall be of equal value with that omitted. Suppose the omission satisfactorily accounted for what is the equivalent testimony required by the treatv P Most certainly it is, that which completely proves the same facts which the omitted documents would have proved. Even a passport, in due form, does not prove that the ship is, in fact, neutral. With whatever formal solemnities it may be cloathed, it must issue from the custom house of the power by whom it is granted. It may be issued improperly. The officers authorized to issue it, may be deceived by fraud and perjury. The possession of the document only proves the fact that the property of the ship has been decided to be neutral by the competent authorities, by those to whom the sovereign power of the State has entrusted the examination of the question. Their determinations are made conclusive by the treaty, and import absolute verity, in the same manner as the solemn judgments of the Courts of justice. If, then. this document cannot be had, but its absence is accounted for, and other papers are produced, which however inferior in formal solemnity, unequivocally prove such a decision by the competent authority of the neutral State, then this secondary evidence is completely equivalent tQ the passport and certificate

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. provided for in the treaty. This exposition is the

ThAe iableonly Tie Amiable

one consistent

with the spirit of the treaty, and

lsabella. is in furtherance of its avowed object, which was that

the flag should protect the property sailing under it,

if used by authority of the neutral nation. This ex-

position is conformable to the English version of the

treaty, but is absolutely required by the Spanish;

and even if there-were any difference of meaning,

we are bound in honour and good faith to adopt the.

latter, since Spain has always acted upon it, and. has

seldom or never thought it necessary to document

her ships.according to the literal requisitions of the

treaty. Unless this expQsition is admitted, the whole

of the clause int question is nugatory. 'By the u~ii-

versal law and usage of nations, every captured ves.

sel is at.liberty to account *for the wafit of formal

documents.' It would, therefore, have been super-

fluous to insert a provisinointhe treaty to this effect.

Something more must have been intended by the use

of terms, which are.to be fbund. in no other treaty-

In the case now before the Court, the omission. of the

required document is fdlly accounted for by the ac-

tual state of the.mother country at the time, and by

the. declaration ot the col6hial Governcr when he

granted the substituted document. This ought to

be considered as equivalent proof, because it is next

in dignity, and approaches very nearly to a level

with the royal passport itself. It is issued by an

officer who is only not King, who would have been

charged With the delivery and control of royal pass-

norts, who expressly declares, that it was issued ih

a The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep. 244.

OF THE .UNITED STATES-

lieu of such, and certifies every fact which would have been stated in a royal passport. The other documents are superadded to that which would alone have been required, had- the formal requisitions of the treaty been complied with, and are- abundant-
ly sufficient to' establish -the proprietary interest in the ship. They are supported by the depositions of the captured crew, who are required by the navigation laws of Spain to be Spanish subjects, and whose national character conforms to this requisition.
4. 'Again. If there be no passport such as is required by the treaty, and no such equivalent testimony as the treaty provides, still the -claim to the 9lup is established by evidence such as the law of nations requires to establish it, and if the property of the ship is shown to be Spanish, that as sufficient to protect the cargo to whomsoever belonging." She' is furnished with all the usual documents, and none are of a suspicious or irregular character. They are supported by the testimony of all the witnesses, except one; and he was improperly examined, not being produce1 in his regular ordbr, but kept back until other witnesses had been examined, contrary to the well-known rule of the Prize Court, which .requires the captors to introduce all the witnesses in succession.' Even if the proprietary interest in the cargo should be thought doubtful, that being included in the same claim with the ship, will not necessarily involve both in condemiiation, for, an at-

isel.
The Amiable
Isabella.

a The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep. 227. b The Speculation, 2 Rob. 242. The Willipir
4 Rob. 312. I'ob. IV.

& Mary,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. The Amiable
Isabella.

tempt to conceal enemy's property only affects the rigZht to farther proof.4 But we insist that farther proof is not required in this case, and if the national character of the ship be established by the original evidence, the conventional law entitles us to restitution of the cargo, as a matter of course.'
5. Lastly. Supposing the original evidence in the cause insufficient to entitle the claimant to restitu-
tion, either according to the provisions of the treaty, or by the general law of nations, it is insisted that all the difficulties of the case are removed by the farther proof produced, which establishes the proprietary interest of both ship and cargo as claimed.

Mr. Weaton, for the captors and respondents, 1. answered the objection taken by the claimant's counsel to the validity of the commission under which the capture was made. This is exclusively a question between the captors and the United States. The claimant has no persona standi tnjudicto to assert the rights of the United States, and it is not until after the determination of the principal question of prize or no prize, that the claim of the government can be interposed.c This is not only our own practice, but is the prize law of France, and
England, and of the whole maritime world." Even

a The Madonna del Burso, 4 Rob. b The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep 127. c The Do1 Hermanos, 2 Wheat. Rep. 94.
d 2 Bro. Civ. 4, Adm. Law, 524. 2 Woodes. Lect. 432. 3 Butsir Rep. 27. 4 Inst. 152 154. Zouch. Mdm. Jurutd. c. 4. p. 101. Comyn's Dig. (it. Admiralty E. 3. The Georgiana, I Dadson'sRep. 397. The Diligentia, I Dodsons's Rep. 403. VWn.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
if the present capture be a droit of admiralty, as ta- 1821. ken by non-commissioned captors, that will not in- The Amiale validate the capture, if it be of enemy's property. Isabella. This is to be determined after - general decree ofcondemnation is entered, and befGre !i final distribution of theprize proceeds. If the Government shall interpose a claim at that stage of the proceedings, it will then be time enough to consider. a question in which the foreign claimant has no interest or.right to interfere.
2. The vessel and cargo in this case are liable to condemnation as prize of war, having left the Hava·na with a false destination. The claim sets up an alternative destination, to an enemy's or a neutral port; but it is contradicted by the documentary evi'dence and the depositions of the captured persons. This false destination is not excusable on the ground of the necessity of deceiving an enemy by clearing out for a neutral port. Spain was at that time at peace with all the world, except her revolted colonies; and both London and Hamburg were equally neutral ports in. respect to the South-Amencan criizers. A false destination under such circumstances is damnatory,. if -he case be so infirm as to require farther proof; because it could only be intended to conceal enemy interests, and if alternative, it ought. to appear to be such on the face of the papers, in order that captors may not be misled.a
Comm. 1.3. tit. "9. des Prises,art. 1. Pothter,de ProprdF .No. 93. Casaregis.Disc. 24. Consolato del Mare, c. 287.
a The Juffrouw Anna, I Rob. 125. The Welvaart, I Rob. 122. The Nancy, 3 Rob. 125. The Mars, 6 Rob. 79. 86. The Vrouw Herouna, I Rob. 164.

CASES IN THE StU;IREME COURT

1821.
TbTegiAnmaliable
IVabella.

3. The proofs of proprietary interest, upon the orievidence, are not such as to entitle the claimant
to restitutio , without farther proof. As to the shtp,
there is no dcubt that if bona fide Spanish property,
and documented according to the' treaty, she must not only be restorer., out the cargo also must be included in the restitution, even if proved to be enemy's property. But it is insisted that the treaty does not extend to a fraudulent use of the. Spanish flag to cover enemy's property in the ship as well as the cargo. The passport, even supposing it to be such as the treaty. requires, is falsified by the muster-roll and other documents: and it was not produced, as the
treaty requires: to the captors, but found on board after the. capture. Fraud will vitiate even a judgmentj, and the most solemn Instruments and assurances. This is a principle.,of universal law, and it would be indecent to suppose that Spain countenances such an improper use of her-flag and pass. Is there, then, that equivalent'testimony which the treaty substitutes-for the formal passports ? The law very properly requires the-bill of sale to be- on board where the vessel is transferred from the original proprietor.b Even Hubner, the great champion of neutral rights, admits this to be the rule., But here the vessel is not Spanish built, yet no- bill of sale is fouI nd on

a The Minerva, I Marrott'sAdm. Dec. 235. Tle Cittade
de Lisboa, 6 Rob. 358. The Eendraught, lb. Note (a.) The
Estern, 2 Dzll. 36." b The Welvaart, 1 Rob. 122. -c D- la Sats. des .Bairn.ZvleutW, Part..1, c. 3. s. 10.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
board, and the circumstances strongly point to the 1821. previous existence of enemy interests in the vessel,2 The Amiable which it appears came from New-Providence. The Isatella. purchase of enemy's vessels by neutrals is entirely prohibited by the ordinances of some countries, and our law regards it as suspicious.a If still continued to be employed in the enemy's trade, or under the control of an enemy, this is deemed a badge of fraud, and conclusive- evidence that there lias been no bona fide.transferb The ship then is not documented boNa fide, as the treaty reqires, nor is the substituted proof equivalent to that for which it is subsfituted. The s/ntp therefore, will not protect the cargo, nor is the latter so documented as to protect itself, 'or avoid being inyolved in the same fate with the vessel. To be sure, there are the usual f6rmal documents, and so there are in. every case. But they contradict each other, and being fraudulently blended in the same false claim with the ship, they must be included' in the same condempation: Both being alleged to belong to the same-claimant, and he, having. attempted to assert a false'claim to the ship, the entire claim must be rejected as a penalty for his frauduleit.conduct.c
4. But the'passport in -this casej even supposing itnot to have been fraudently obtained and usea, is not such as. the treaty Yequires, being issued by ztn authority incompetent to grant such a document of
a The Bernon, 1 Rob. 102. The Sechs Gedthwistern,. 1 Rob. 100. The Argo, 1 Rob. 163.
b The Jemmy, 4 Rob. 31. The Omnibus, 6 Rob. 71. c The St. Nicholas, I Wheat. Re. 417. The Fortuna, 3 Wheat. Rep. 236.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1821. Ihe Amiaable
Isabella.

protection. It is insisted that nothing less than the solemnly pledged faith of the supreme power of the neutral state to the verity of the facts stated in the passport can possibly satisfy the belligerent. The terms used in the treaty are "sea letters or passports." One of the contracting parties might understand.it as intending a document in the nature of a perma-nent muninment of the title to the ship. Our laws recognize no other such document, than one signed by the President. The presumption, therefore, is, that our vessels were to be furnished with a se%: letter thus sqned, and the Spanish vessels with a royal passport signed by the king. The cases cited on the other side, to show that such a document of protection may be granted by an authority inferior to
the supreme power of the state, are not in point. In ,he Brtlish license cases, although this Court condemned our vessels sailing under them, yet the Bntish prize Courts denied the authority of their admirals and consuls to issue them, and condemned the
vessels taken by British cruizers although sailing under these licenses.a All the other cases cited are of passports issued by the Lord High Admirals of England or France, acting as the immediate delegates of the royal prerogative, and as the ministers of the crown. There is no doubt, that Admirals and Generals, commanding fleets or armies, have the power of issuing passports for the temporary protection of persons or property, within the limits of their command. But this arises from the necessity of the case, and is mcidental to the performance of

a The Hope, 1 Dodson's Rep. 226. Id. Appendix, (D.)

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
their official dunes. But it is not incidental to any 1821. official 4uty of the Governor and Captain General TThAebAmiable of the Island of Cuba, that he should have the power Inbell. of naturalizing foreign ships, giving them all the privileges of Spanish built vessels, and grant passports to protect them against belligerent scrutiny Non ez ret preponztur. It i. highly improbable that the Government of this country would have agreed to a stipulation so improvident, under which the whole navigation of our enemy might be screened from capture by a mere fictitious adoption, fraudulently or corruptly obtained for this purpose. The form of this important document being omitted, either from accident or design, there is the more necessity of looking to the substance of the contract; since, if -the form had been annexed, there is no doubt that it would have required the highest authority of the State to grant a document so conclusive. The passport or sea letter provided by this treaty, is not ,a mere ordinary license or safe conduct given by aGeneral or Admiral, for a temporary purpose, and within the limits of his command. It is the supreme power of the neutral State solemnly pledging itself to the belligerent, that the property of the ship is truly and bonafide neutral. The doctrine contended for on the part of ihe claimant, would go the length of entirely abolishing maritime captures. since the passport may be issued by any authority, however inferior and however remote his functions may be from such a duty. The treaty provides, that the certificates which are required relative to the
cargo, shall be issued by the officer of the place

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. whence the vessel sails, and the same proviso would

ThTeha4vme able

been made as to the passport,had it been in-

Isabell. tended to entrust the local magistrates with the

power of granting it. Neither does an examination of the forms of similar documents annexed to other

treaties, containing the same stipulatibn, that free ships shall make free goods, justify the inference,.-

that they may be issued by any authority less than the highest. So, also, the celebrated convention of 1801, between Great Britain and Russia, though it does not contain such a stipulation, but, on the contrary, subjects enemy's property in neutral vessels to. capture,, yet it provides for similar, documonts.of protection, and in the formula annexed, itis stated, that they are " to be delivered in the respective A4dmralties of the two .hzgh contractingp.arties." a But the qnestion has already been determined in this Court, in the case of the Pizarro.b In that case, the Court say,- ,"It- is certainly true, that the vessel was.not furnished with "such a sea letter, &c:, as are described in 'the 17th article." But she had on board the proceedings under which she wasnaturalized in East Florida, and. a certificate from the Spanish Consul at Liverpool, c6rtifying, that " Captain Don Antonio Martinez,"-commanding the Spanish ship called the Pizarro, of the burthen of 273 tons, registered at the port of St. Augustine de Ia Florida,

which came to this port from the Island of Amelia, with a cargo, now sails for the port of Corunna. in'

.a For the provisions of this treaty, vide APPENDIx, Note No. IV
& 2 Wheat. Rep. 244.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Spain. ,) Here, then, was a certificate, stating the 1821. name, burthen, and property of the ship, and the TThe -Ammiaable name of the master, and issued by an authority as Iaboeli. Competeit as the Governor 6f'Ctba. Yet'tAfe Court hdl~dit not to be a compliance with the terms of the treaty, and required iarther proof of the proprietary interest.
5. Suppoging, however, this vessel and cargo to be documented as the treaty requires.. it is insisted that they are liable to condemnation far sailing under the protection 6f"enemy's convoy. It is- time, that the Isabella parted.,company witl the convoying ship before the capture, but it was a mere temporary.'e. paration, the latter having gone -in.pursuit pf oneof our privateers , Although the -Court ha§ determined, ii' the cases of the Mereidda and the Atalanta,b that a niutral may lawrully put bi§ goods'on board an armed: enemy's vessel; yet it has not determined that he mqy put his vessel and goods' under convoy of ihe enemy's fleet. The distinction between the two clases ofcases is stated by one of the learned Judges of.this Court, in delivering his opinion in the'iAtalanae.andthe Lords of Appeal in England have held the .offence of sailing under. the protection pf oneity's convoy to be a conclusive catise of .condemnati66u -So, also, where certain dierchant ships belonging:-to the Hanse tow4s had put themselves under

a 9 Cranch, 388.
" 3 Whean. Rep. 409. c Per Mr. Justice JoHxs0i, 3 Wheat. Rep. 423.
h.-d.Sampson, Barney, cited by Mr. Justice STORY, In a note to the Nereide, 9 Cranch, 442.

VOL. VI.

5

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. Te0 Amal
The Amiable
Isabella.

the protection of Swedish convoy, the latter having assumed a hostile character for the purpose of resist-
ing the right of search, they were equally held liable to confiscation.a Such, also, is the law'of Denmark, a state that has always professed to maintain the mildest principles of prize law b In his correspondence with the Danish government, IVr. Erving, our minister, admits the extreme difficulty of upholding the contrary doctrine, and only seeks to escape from it by contending that the rule could not extend to vessels forced into the convoy, or acezdentally involved in the enemy's fleet and this may readily be admitted without at all weakening the force of the
general rule. -. rhis is an aggravated case of spoliation and
concealment of papers. Were this Spaniard to be tried by his own law, he would be instantly con&memned. By the law of the whole world, except that of the United States and Great-Britain, spoliation
of papers is per se a cause of confiscation and by our law it is all but damnatory. If the spoliation is unexplained, or the explanation is unsatisfactory , if the cause labours under heavy suspicions or gross prevarications, farther proof is denied, and condemnation inevitably follows.c And it is a relaxation
of the rules of the Prize Court to allow farther proof even where there has been a mere concealment of

a The Elsebe, 5 Rob. 173 b 4 Hall's Law Journ. 467. Ordonn. of 1810. c The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep. 241. The Rising Sun, 2 Rol, 106. The Hunter, I Dodson's Rep. 486.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
papers.a But here are both suppression and spolia- 1821. tion, and a case which escapes from this imputation,. The Amiable (to use the emphatic language of Sir W. Scott) c is Isabella. saved as by fire."" In the present case, the spoliation and concealment are not only unexplained, but inflame the otlier circumstances of suspicion. The acts of the supercargo, in this respect, bind the owners, because he is their confidential agent , and the phip-owner is always bound by the misconduct of the master in all respects.c So, also, the act of the master binds the owner of the cargo, if he is also the owner of the shtp;' and according to a decision of the Lords of Appeal, whether he is owner of the ship or not.e The act of the agent or consignee of the cargo is conclusive upon the owner of the cargo. And if the case be such as to require farther proof, it is to be granted or denied under the Spanish treaty, precisely in the same circumstances in which it would be granted or denied by the pre-existing law of nations.' But by the general law, this is a case in
.0 The Fortuna, 3 Wheat. Rep. 245. b The Hunter, I Dodson's Rep. 4. c The Rising Sun, 2"Rob. 10N. The Vrow Judith, I Rob. 150. The Adorns, 5 Rob. 256. The Imina, 3 Rob. 16-7. The 'Mars, 6 Rob. 79. 2 Valin Comm. 253. 1 Emengon des .Assur 449. d The Rosalie &Betty, 2 Rob. 343. The Alexander, 4 Rob. 93.. The Elsebe, 5 Rob. 173. e The Franklin, 2 .Acton, 106.
f The St. Nicholas, 1 Wheat. Rep. 417. The Vrow Judith, I Rob. 150. The Baltic, I Acton, 14. 2 Binnei, 308. 15 East's Rep. 78.
g The Pizarro, -2 Wheat. Rep. 242.

CASES TN 'THE SUPREME COURT

1221.
~
The Amiable -Isabella.

which it would be refused, and therefore it is air exception to the immunity secured by-the treaty..
7 Finally. Even if farther proof were admissible, the farther proof produced does not establish the proprietary interest in a satisfactory manner. It is not incumbent on the captors to show to whom the property really belongs. It is sufficient that it does not belong as claiined-a

The Attorney- General,on the same side, insisted ihat the ease Was not-within the protection of the treaty, because the"vessel-was not documented accbrdingto its provisions, and the only paper which could possibly answer to the description .ofthe sea-
letter or passport, required by the 17th .article, was concealed;:and not'-shown by the master to the cap-
tors, as provided by the -I8th, so that they had a
rght to detain and send inthe vessel fof adjudication. Being thus stubje&ed to the ordinary jurisdiction of the Prize Court, she is to be tried by the or-
dinary rules of the prize law, independent of the treaty. This Court has already determined in another case, thht the equivalent testimony requiied by the 17th article is to be such as the Prize Court would require, independent of the stipulations of'the treaty b No other'testimony could give the "legal
satsfaction" which the treaty demands. In a case requiring farther proof, the equivalent testimony is that farther proof and the grant or denial of -this

a The Odin, 1 Rob. 227. The Neptunus, 4 Rob. 68. 6 The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep. 242.

OF TI-E UNITED STATES.
must rest upon the ordinary rules of the Court. is2. B.ut here the claimant has forfeited his right to far- The Amiable ther proof, by his own aggravated -misconduct m Isabella. concealing the destination, and spoliatmg and suppressing the ship's papers, which it was his duty, both by the treaty and the general law of nations, to exhibit to. the captors voluntarily and fairly. But supposing the passport to have been delivered to the captors at the time of the seizure, as it ought to have beeni' and suppose the usage of Spain to supply the omission of -the form being annexed to the treaty, still the document produced is not such a passport as that usage requifi.s. This. is shown by the very terms of 'the- document produced, which state .ittohave been issued "for want of royal passports." It is said that this is justified by -the local -usages of the colony; but.we are not. bound to know those usages, or to admit -that this Governor had the authqrity to substitute his passport for one signed by the King. The document required by the treaty, then, not being -found on board, the parties are to give " legal satisfaction of their property by testimony entirely equivalent." This testimony is to be, according to the course of the Prize Court, the papers found on board, and the examinations in preparatono. But these papers and depositions, so far from satisfying the conscience of the Court, increase the suspicions excited by the want of the documents required by the treaty, documents so easily7 procured where the property is really Spanish, and the vessel
a The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Rep. 242.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1s1.
Ile"A"mIiable
Isabella.

fairly entitled to the privileges of a Spanish ship, that it is incredible any such vessel should want them. The onus probandi is on the claimant in such a case under the treaty, precisely as it would be by the general law of nations, independent of the special provisions of the treaty, and the question of proprietary interest is to be determined just as that question would be in any other case of prize. The investigation in the Prize Court is substituted in lieu of the ihvestigation by the captors at sea, which last was to be entirely concluded by the treaty documnents, if ihe ship was furnished with them, if not i she was liable to be brought in to ascertain the character of the shzp, which, if adjudged to be Sparnsh, the same consequence of protection to the cargo will follow, as if the ship had been regularly documented according to the treaty. It is not the possession of papers equivalent, in formal effect, to those required by the treaty which will protect her from farther inquiry, but she must have papers which will produce the effect of giving satisfactory evidence of the proprietary interest according to the ordinary rules of the Prize Court. If the substituted documents were fraudulently obtained and used, would that be satisfactory evidence ? The spirit and intention of a treaty is always to be regarded in its interpretation.6 Every object of such a treaty would be entirely defeated by permitting an enemy to avail himself of 'provisions contained in it, and intended for the exclusive benefit of a friend, and even if a

a Vatlel. Droit des Gens, 1. 2. c. 17. s. 268-270. 274-28.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Spanish subject, by perpetrating a fraud upon his 1821. own government, lends the protection of its flag to The Amiable a foreigner, that Spaniard becomes himself an ene- IsabeUl my, and cannot justly complain if he suffers the fate of an enemy. It is no disrespect to Spain, or disregard of her national rights, to refuse the benefit of her flag and pass, where they have been obtained by practsing an imposition upon her officers. She can claim no greater respect for their acts than is conceded to ihe judgments of the highest Courts of justice. But even these are vitiated by fraud, according to the law of every country. Great Britain so understands the effect of a similar treaty stipulation. In the case of the Cittade de IZsboaa which was determined uInder the British treaty with Portugal, containing the principle offree shts,free goods, though the vessel had.the Portuguese flag and pass, she was condemned because a box of papers was found on board falsifying the claim, and showing the property-to be enemy's, and to give More solemnity to the judgment of the Court, the Portuguese Consul was called-in o witness it, and admonished to advise his government to be more vigilant over the conduct of its oAcers in this respect. - So, also, our own Court of Appeals.in prize causes, during the war of the revolution,'held the general maxim of free slapsfree goods, which had been temporarily recognized in an ordinance of Congress, not to extend to a case of fraudulent combination between the enemy aid neutrals to defeat the belligrent rights of the United States and her ally? In that case, the Court ob-
a 6 Rob. 3M8. b,Darby v. The Esterp, 2 Dali. 35.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
18i2. served, that Congress had not said that a vzolated The-Amiable neutraliIty-should protect, and the mention of some
Isabella. exceptions to the general immunity, (such as contraband, &c.) does not exclude others-, equally flagrant, though not mentioned. So in this case, the exceptions of blockade and contraband, do not exclude other cases of unneutral conduct, and soe implied exceptions there must be, or how could the Court engraft the exceptions of the propery, of citizens of the United States trading with the enemy, or of Spaisb subjects not actually domiciled within the dominions of Spain, both of which cases are excluded from the. general operation of the treaty, according to the opinion of this Court in the Pizarro.a If, then, thh case is not within the protection of the treaty, does either the original evidence, or the farther proof, satisfy the Court of the property of the ship and cargo being as claimed This inquiry cannot be limited to the shzp, because if that was really Spanish, it would be sufficient to protect the cargo also- but both are included in the same. claim, which is given for the same person, and if the claim for the cargo be false, that will also affect the claim to the ship. If the ship was Spanish property, why seek to show that the cargo was Spanish dlso P The proprietary interest i" the ship is supposed to have been acquired under a judicial sale upon a bottomry bond. But the previous history of the ship is not satisfactorily explained, and so far as it is given, points to an enemy origin and the proceedings under which the
a 2 W1heat. Rep. 245. 246.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
sale was had, are manifestly collusive and fraudu- 182i. lent. The claim to the cargo is also supported by Th"e Armbable mere formal documents, unsupported by the oaths of lsabefal witnesses, and contradicted by the evidentta rtz. The spoliation and concealme..t ,f the papers are not satisfactorily explained. Such explanation could only proceed upon the ground of the papers 'being innocent in themselves, and that they were destroyed from a necessity unconnected with an -attempt to evade the right of search. But as to the papers thrown overboard, all that we know of their character is, that they came from the compting house of the claimant, who ordered them to be thrown overboard, in case of capture, and as to the supposed necessity of destroying them, the only reason alleged is.the fear of South American cruizers. This could not be the true reason, since the papers retained on board would equally show the Spanish ownership of the ship and cargo, which it is now insisted they are sufficient to establish. And as to the papers mutilated and concealed, a careful inspection of them will satisfy the Court, that they point to the English orinm of the adventure, and to English interests in its results. The learned counsel concluded by a very minute and able analysis of the proofs of.
proprietary interest.

Mr. Harper,for the claimant and appellant, in reply,

(1.) insisted that the destination of the vessel, in this

case, was not a false destination, and that even a false

destination is not a substantive cause of condemna-

VOL. V3-

6

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. tion. A false destination, is an unlawful destination Sconcealed but here the alternative destination did,
The Amiable
Isabella. in fact, appear on the face of the papers, and both London and Hamburg were equally lawful ports for Spanish vessels to trade with. In the cases of theJuffrouwAnnao and t;ie Welvaart,b the false destination was combined with other circumstances of illegal conduct or suspicion, and the condemnation did not proceed upon that ground alone. In the case of the Nancy,c it was also connected with. the offence of carrying contraband goods on the outward voyage. So the case of the Mars,d was that of engaging in the colonial trade of the enemy, attempted to be concealed by a false destination,. and farther proof being necessary, it was refused on account of those circumstances of fraud and illegality. 2. Nor. ought the present case to be affected by the fact of the.yessel having set saiL from the Htavana under convoy of a British frigate. This protection was necessary against South American cru'izers, to whom Spanish property would have been good prize. But the Isabella intended to-leave her convoy off the coast of Florida. and such an intention admits of a locus penitentue which was availed of" for she had in fact left the fleet, before the capture. The case of the Hanse vessels taken under Swedish convoy was very different from this.' The Swedish
a 1 Rob. 125. b 1 Rob. 122. c 3 Rob. 125. d 6 Rob. 79. e The Elsebe, 5 Rob. 173.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

armed vessels prepared to resist, and only yielded to 1821.

the terror of a superior force,

and

the

Hanse vessels

" The

Amiable

were affected by what was considered as an actual Isabella.

resistance of the convoy, having associated -them-

selves under its protection.

3. As to the spoliation and concealment of papers,

the facts do not warrant the inference of its having

been done for unlawful purposes. There is no evi-

dence whatever that the papers thrown overboard

were connected with this transaction. The coit-

cealeO1 papers were innocent, and were even essen-

tial to show the Spanish interest in the cargo- and

as -to the miptiItion, if practised at all, it must have

been by the captors themselves, as they alone had an

interest in defacing papers which were material to

the claimant's proofs of property The fact as to the

papers thrown overboard was frankly and -freely dis-

closed by the parties who alone-had any knowledge

of it, and a satisfactory reason for their conduct pts-

signed by them on their first examination. Even

supposing, however, that the fact of the spoliation

and suppression of papers would, under other cir-

cumstances, exclude the claimant from the benefit of

farther proof, it is now too late for the captors to ob-

ject, an order for farther proof having been-granted in

the Court below, without any objection on their

part.6

4. The passport in this case is sufficient to esta-

blish-the national character of the ship, so as to pro-

tect both her and the cargo under the treaty with

a The Pizarro, 2 Wheat. Bep. 227. 240.

CASES -IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
ThT~e Amiable
Isabella.

Spain. It is one of a series of passports issued. by
the Governor of the island of Cuba; is numbered 94, showing that many more of the same kind had
been issued, and the words ",For want of royal passports" are printed, which circumstance shows
that it was an established formula. The circumstances of the Spanish nation at that perod, when Ferdinand had been just restored to the throne, sufficiently explain the cause of-the defect of passports, with the king's sign-manual. The very act of exercising such an authority. on the part of the colonial Governor, is strong pnmafacze evidence of.his possessmg-the power; and until rebutted by some contrary proof, must be -considered as conclusive that such is the usage of Spain, There is no substantial differenqe between such a~document and royal passr. ports, since the latter must be issued m .blank, and sent to the different ports throughout the extent 9f the Spanish dominions, and the distribution, of them entrusted to subordinate officers, so that the same frauds may be perpetrated as are imagined in the present instance. What better security have we that the royal papsport itself will not be employed to protect the trade of our enemy P It. may be safely admitted, that you may inquire so far as to ascertain that the pasiport is not forged,,or obtained by criminal means, or fraudulently applied to a vessel, for which it was not issued But if none of these circumstances occur, and the passport regularly issues, from an authority which is competent to grant it according to the local usages of the neutral country, the treaty makes it conusive, on the question of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

property. In this case, the passport was.granted, under a judicial decree, of the Consukado, at the Havana, proceeding according to the course of the Court of Admiralty; to inforce a bottomry -bond,
given for repairs to the ship.. The sentences of foreign tribunals, having jurisdiction of the.subject matter, and procedding zirnem,-are considered as conclusive, bythelawof this, and every other country, wherever the title to the thing comes incidentally, or directly, incontroversy. Here it is the very question in issue befire the Court, 'and the decision of the Spanish tribunal not only warranted the, Governor of Cuba in granting the passport, but even if he had not issued it, -would bind this Court to consider the property as -Spanish. Therefore, admitting that the captors had a right to bring in -this vessel for-adjudication, because she had =not the passport required by the *treaty, or because it was not exhibited to them it the time of the capture, still the eqtiivalent, proof s more than sufficient to supply the want of a passport in any f6rm that can be conceived ; because, it shows, that the ship was entitled to every document which could prove her to be a Spanish ship, the tribunal of the Ccnsulado lhaving adjudged her to, be Spanish property. The captors may possibly be exempt from costs and damages; hut it does not, therefore, follow, that the case is taken entirely out of the special provisions of the- treaty, and-left at large to be determined under the law of nations. The object of the treaty was-to provide, that neutral vessels should protect goods to whomsoever belonging, with the exception of contraband only. The

1821.
The Ammable
Isabella.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
.
Tne Amiable babeiia.

passport was to be conclusive of the neutrality of the ship, and the certificate was to show, that the cargo was not contraband. If these documents are wanting, then the property of the ship is to be established by equivalent testimony, and that being shown to be neutral, will protect the cargo, even if enemy's property, unless, indeed, it consist of contraband.articles. The " equivalent testimony" required, must mean, that other documents shall be
produced which will prove precisely the same facts that were intended to be proved by the passport and certificate, and not that sort of evidence which the technical rules of the Prize Court demand in a case requiring farther proof. Doubtless the intention of the contracting parties is to be regarded in constraiag treaties, as it is in the interpretation of all other injstruments, but that intention is to be gathered from the words they use. Although there are many treaties consecrating the maxim, that free ships shall make free.goods, there is no other example of a treaty stipulating what should be conclusive evidence of the freedom of the ship. The parties to this treaty intended to exclude thejunsdiction of the Prize Courts of the belligerent as far as Pl6ssible, by forbidding
the detention of vessels having the required.documents, and where they were carried in for adjudication for want of these documents, limiting the inquiry of the Prize Courts to such testimony as should be eqtivalent. All the cases cited on the other side, of the supposed excepion to the general immunity, are cases arising under treaties or ordinances, maerely recogmsing the principle, that free

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ships should make free goods, without providing any rule of evidence to establish the national character of the ship, and Jeaving that question to be determited by the general law -of nations. But here the coplventional law adopts a new rule of evidence, from Which the Court is not at liberty to depart.
The.learned counsel also argued ;the question of proprietary interest with great minuteness and ability;

i821.
The Amiable Isabella.

The Cottrt directed the cause to. be. reargued, up- Mtarch .4, on the -oint as to the form and effect of, the. passport-. 18.

The Attorney-General ,forthe captors and respondents,, insisted, that theform of passport to which an effect so important was attributed, not having been annexed to the original treaty, by the contractiig parties, could not now be supplied by the judicial tribumals of either. Such an attempt would be an encrvachment on the treaty-making -power, which, in our government, is exclusively confided to the President andSenate. The office of this Court is to construe, not to make or.amend treaties. The treaty (art. 17.) provides, that "1the ships and vessels belonging to the subjects or people of the other party, must. be furnished with sea letters or passports, ex-
pressing the name, property, and bulk of the shtp, as also the -nameandplace ofhabtationof the master of.the said ship, that it may appear thereby that the ship really andtruly belongs to the subjects ofone of the parties, which passport shall be made out and granted according.to the form annexed to this treaty." These particulars were required to be inserted for

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. the purpose of identifying the vessel to which the

The- AmiableSpassport

was intended to apply, and to satisfy the

Isabella. other contracting party that she is really entitled to

the immunities stipulated in the treaty. The pass-

port in -the present case was either intended to certi-

fy that the ship was Captain Cacho's, or not. The

words are, "Captain

Cacho, with his Spansh.

shp called," &c. If Cacho was ineant to be certified

to be the owner, the claim does not conform to it.

He expressly swears that it is not his, but that it be-

longs exclusively' to Munos, who claims. Nobody

else can have restitution but the actual claimant, and

he is not certified in the pa.ssport to be the owner.

But the term-'his Spantsh ship," is evidently-a mere

figurative expressioni and means nothing more than

the ship of which he is master. What thea.is the

import of the term , Spanish ship ?" A certificate

that aship of a certain name, and bulk, and master,

is a Spantsh shtp, is not a certificate that it is Spa-

nish property, or in other words, the property 6f Spa-

nish subjects, which is alone intended to be protect-

ed by the express terms of the article. A vessel may

be a Spansh shp by adoption, by havibg a license

to trade with the Indies, without ceasing to be the

property of foreigners, cr becoming the property- of

Spanish subjects. It is not sufficient to certify the

national character of the ship merely. There must

be a certificate that Itls the individual property of

particular subjects of Spain, for to such alone does

the protection of the treaty extend. The treaty be-

ing left imperfect in omitting to annex the form of

OF THE UNITED STATES

passport, it is very questionable whether the stipu- 1s21.

lation as to its effect as evidence, is not wholly void. TTh'eA'maia-ble

But admitting that the Court can supply the form, isibella.

how is it to-be done? Two modes may be selected.

First, to take the literal words of the treaty; and then

the passport should have stated the ship to be the

property of Munos, the claimant, or, secondly, the

form may be supplied by referring ta other treaties

similar in their nature. In the form of passport an-

nexed to the French treaties of 1778 and 180 , the

master is required to swear that "the ship belongs to

one or more of the subjects of--.

The act

whereof shall beput at the end of these presents," &c. 'No foim of the oath which is to be thus ap-

pended iagiven, but the Dutch treaty of 1782, shows

what tie form of the -oath would probably be: " C.

D. of-

, personally appeared before us, and de-

clared by solemn oath, that the ship or *essel called,

&c. does rightfully and properly belong to him or

thpm only;" &c. The terms of these- treaties are

the same with the Spanish treaty, and require "the

name, the propertly and the burthen of the vessel,"

to be expressed. It is not property in the abstract,

the national character merely, acquired by a fictitious

adoption into the navigation of Spain, but the idi-

vidual proprietary interest of some Spanish domicil-

ed subject, that is to be protected.

Mr. Harper,contra, contended, that the.treaty mere-,

ly required the national character of the property, and

not its ihdividual ownership, to be expressed in the

passport. There can be no doubtt hat this passport

VOL. VT.

7

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1321.
"
The Amiable Isabella.

must be according to the regular Spanish form, because both this and the royal passport for the Clara, which was-also found on board, have the same expression,
vIZ. "his Spanish ship." This is precisely equivalent to a certificate that the ship belongs to Spanish subjects. A warranty in a policy of insurance that a ship is an Amerncan -stp,is a warranty that she-is the property of citizens of the United States. The form of passport which was intended to have been annexed having ,been omitted. good -faith requires that it should be supplied by construction, since it must be concluded that the parties intended to wive it. A construction has been -given to- the stipulation by the usage of. the two countries, whi&h is sufficient for all practical purposes. What good purpose would be answered by inserting the-name of the owner P The Court could not inquire even whether such a person existed, much less as to his national character or domicil. The contlusive etfict attributed to the passport, would-prevent any such extrin§ic Investigation) and therefore a fictitious name might be inserted which would satisfy all the requisites of the treaty So that a general certificate of the nalional character of the property is as effi acious as would be a certificate that it was the pro-
perty of some particular person.

Wgarlc13th, The cause was again argued, bpon the application

82. of the executive Government, to the Court, on the

question of the construction of the Spanish treaty. and the form and. effect-of the passports,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. Pinkhey, for the captors and respondents, 1821. stated four points for the consideration of the Court. The Amiablb
1st. That the passport produced in this case, was Isabella. not within the terms of the treaty, because it was obtained by fraud.
2dly. That it was not within the treaty, because .not issued by the Spanish sovereign, or his known authorized substitute.
3d. That it was not within the same, because the only article which professes to provide for it, is incomplete and inofficious, theform-never having been annexed, according to the terms of' the article.
4th. Because the passport issued for this ship, is not conformable either with,.the terms or the substance of the article , since it does not state that the ship is the property of a Sparnshsubject, nor name any Spanish subject as the owner.
This treaty is, unquestionably, to be interpreted by a just regard to the public faith, but only so far as the public faith is actually pledged by it. The spirit which animated the parties to the armed neutrality is to be regarded', but it must be remembered, tiat the celebrated.confederacy which has received that name, -was intended to introduce new rules, to the disparagement and repeal of those which then existed, and in derogaton of the ancient law of nations. The intention of the parties to. the Spanish treaty, is also to be taken into view. But this intention is to be collected from the language they have used, if that be clear and plain, there is no room for interpretatior; but, if ambiguous in itself, then the intention may be fairly collected from the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. object and circumstances of the stipulation in quesThTeh AmiableI tion. In a word, the treaty is to be executed as it
Imbella. is, and no new treaty to be made by the labour of
exposition. 1. The object of the stipulation is expressed in
the article to be "Ithe ships and vessels belonging to the subjects or people of the other party," &c This, necessarily, excludes all other ships or vessels. Consequently, it cannot be applied to vessels
which are not really those, of Spanish subjects, but only fraudulently represented to be such. It is a principle, not only of the common-law, but of universal jurisprudence, that-fraud vitiates every act, whether public or private, contract§, deeds, and judgments, are all affected by it, even as to bona fde purchasers. No record, however solemn,'estops an allegation of fraud. Judgments of Courts .of competent jurisdiction import absolute verity, wherever they are brought in question., but if obtained by fraud, they are set aside, either in the same or any other tribunal, -and a person affucted by the fraud may show it and avoid the judgment, though not a party to the suit. Thus a stranger may avoid a recovery in a real action, if covenous or fra udulent, and he is prejudiced by it. These analogies of the municipal law are applicable to similar cases arising under the law of nations. The comity which is due to foreign States, does not require us to respect the acts of their administrative or judicial officers when they are contaminated with fraud, and still less where this fraud has deceived those very officers, and induced them to issue Spamsh papers to a Bri-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tilsh ship. In such a case, even if a royal passport had been issued, we should have a right to say, in the language of the common law., "1the King has been deceived in his grant." A repetition of such transactions as the present case discloses, would bring the entire treaty into jeopardy. The-fionour and interest of both nations equally require that they shouli be repressed. The only mode-of preserving the amicable relations between the two powers, is by judicial interposition, preventing the effect of such iiolations of-the spirit of the treaty before they grow too mighfy to be. controlled by diplomatic remonstrance. Make these frauds successful, and encour-
age them by your decisions, and such viblations will be frequent. On the other hand, by arresting them in Zimine,,the presumed and declared purposes of the contracting parties will be fulfilled, and dissentions and hostilities prevented. That there must be some implied exceptions to .the conclusive effect attributed to the passport by the letter of the treaty, is manifest. Such would be the case of a royal passport, signed Jin blank, obtained by corruption, of the officer in whose custody it was, and filled up fraudulently, and apjlied to a vessel not entitled to the privilege. Here -is a passport de facto, with all the solemnities. upon -its face, yet certainly examinable in this particular; and if shown by extrinsic evidence to-be thus fraudulently obtained and used, not only would the captors be excused from-costs and damages for
detaining the vessel, but she. must be condemned *underthe ordinary rules of.pnze law. So that all the mischiefs of stopping vessels at sea may arise

1821.
TThe AvmAia6b' le
habeia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
"
The Amiable
TnbeU.

notwithstanding this stipulation, and, indeed, all such attempts to limit the range of mantume-warfare will be found.n practice to be quite illusory, unless, indeed, the capture of private property be..entirely prohibited, and even then contraband and breach of blockade must be excepted. A passport, as in the present case, actually filled up by the proper authority, and 'intended for the ship for which it is actually usdd, if issued upon false suggestions, is no more a legal passport than .the one just supposed. The will of the.,grantor does not concur. The fraud makes it no passport.-But it is objected, tjiat by the 18th. article, the passport,, if in due form, is to be conclusive when- shown at sea, and the belligerent capnot detain the vessel after this document is-exhibited. If the precise etter of the treaty be adhered to, this objection will be found to be groundless. " If the shtps of the sail subjects, &c. shall be'met with," &c. "the master or commander of such ship shall exhibit his passports concerning the property of the ship, made out according to the form inserted in this present treaty," &c. Suppose a ship exhibiting such a passport, should be proved by other evidence found on board, not to be a "s hzp of the said sub-
jects ;iT then the letter of the treaty does not apply to her. If not a " ship of the- said subjects," her passport is no absolute and conclusive protection. On the other hand, if the spzrit of Ahe treaty be regarded, the restih isprecisely the same. The intention of the contracting parties was to protect Spanish ships, and not- enemy ships; to give effect to the

OF ,THE -UNITED STATE.-

maxim-of free ships, ftee.goods, not to make-erie-

my

ships

protect

enemy

goods. Even
ontrctinThe

admitting,

that.the

that. the contracting parties meait to confide in -the

good faith of each other, that they would grapt their

respective- passports only to their own vessels-; -still

it is not to be supposed, that, they meant to confide

in.-the 'good faith :of their- enemies, that .these last

would not.attempt to -deceive their officers. It

would, indeed, be an imputation on theirgood faith,

to suppose that they wished -uclx frauds to be suc-

cessful. Every such national stipulation must re-

ceive-a fair and reasonable construction. One which

'subverts its object,-which encourages fraud and per-

Jf6r.y,-and makes the stipulatinoR destructive to the

rights of both' parties, -'and-benefits their, enemies

onlyi cannot-be just. .So pei'ncious a construction

destroys all the advantages of the-treaty. Look'at

its" consequences to our belligerent rights. The

·passport,1iowever obtained, and attended with what-

ever concomitant proof of fraud and falsehood, is

supposed to be incontrovertible. However clumsy

and barefaced the imposition may be, still it must

prevail, and while-our enemy is'warrng upon us in

all directioos, and by every means, we'must suffer

his trade to psss unmolested in his own ships, wear-

ing a Spanish veil which disguises nothing, and .only

compelq us to affect blindness. On the o~her side,

the evils flowing from the interpretation we -insist

upon amount to nothing. The passport.is still-pro-

.tecting evidence to all reasonable and .honest pur-

poses. The captor Who disregards it, does so atothe

1821.
Amable
Isabella.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. peril of exemplary costs and damages, to be mflicted Tie Amiabmle in the discretion of the Court,. according to the.pe-
Isabella. culiar circumstances of every case. There isy then, the moral restraint of a great responsibility. It is sufficient to give protection where it is due, and was intended to be given. It provides for the consequen-. ces-of slavish submission to the letter of the instrument on the one. hand, and guards-against vexatious interruptions of neutral commerce on the other. 2. But, if the document can be issued by any inferior functionary, the argument on the first point is entitled to still more- weight. It is impossible to conceive that any nation would be so unwise as to consent that subordinate officers, at a distance from the sovereign authority, of great facility, surrounded by corrupt a~ehts, or perhaps themselves corrupt, should grant such an omnipotent document, sacred, infallible, and conclusive even against the manifest fact and truth. Where is the authority of this Court to countenance the issuing (isfuch a document, by an authority less than the highest P The tfeaty is here silent. If theform had been anpexed, it would probably have made provision on this subject also. If this omission is to be supplied by construction, the Court will remember the high dignity and vast power ofthe document, and will not too easily confide in the responsibility of subordinate agents, remote from the control of their sovereign. The passport now m question, professes to be issued "sfor want of royal passports." But why want them? Their absence proves a want of confidence in the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

officer who has here assumel the authority to substitute his own, for the passport of his prince. In the absence of any evidence .of a right to exercise an authority so -high, or of the :fact that laiyvroyal passporfs had ever been entrusted to his distribution, the Court cannot recognize the validity of a document thus issued.
3. The- 17th and 18th hrticles 6f the treaty, so faras they pryvide for.-the form and effect of pass-
ports, are inofficious .and incomplete, for want-of the annexation of the- form-intended. The 17th provides, that the "passport , shall be made out, and granted'accordingto 1eform annlexed to this treaty." The ships of the two nations-are to be " provided with passports as above mentioned," &c. "without wlhw reqpsites they may be sent to one of the ports," &c. The 18th, stipulates -that the master "shall exhibit his passports, concerming.the property
of the shipi made.out according to the form znserted -n thtspresenttreat,,.and the ship, when she shall have showed -suchpassport,shall be free; and at li-
berty to pursue her voyage-," &c. So that there is nothing in these articles which gives a conclusive effect to any other passport than one, which ii is impossible to have under the treaty, -asthe parties have left it. The first part of the 17th article does indeed give some of the qualities of the passport, but it must have others, and they are unattainable by reason of the omission of the form. The Court then must either strik.e out the reference to a form, or imagine a form, and annex it. To do either, would b.a high act-of legislation, to Which the Courtjs

1821.
The Amfablb-
Isabeta.

VOL. Vl.

CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT
1821. incompetent. But let us try to discover the f6rm M~e Amiaable and taking the 17th articl6 for a- guide, it mustex-
labna. press. the name, property, and bulk of the ship, and "theename and- habitation .of the master. Still th&e are several things more to be ascertained. Whoe it authorized to grant the passport? This is-an..essential circumstance, is ascertained by the forms of passport annexed to several- treaties, and- would probably -have been exoressed in this-form hid it been annexed. How is the proprietary interest to be stated --as the general property of the subjectsvot -the state .or as-the special-property, of some- wdividuaI 'named.? Is the national character of'the Thip, as a part of the navigation of the country.under whose flag.she sails, sufficient; or must-it appear to be'the prbperty of subjects in general, or- of some individual owner' Under what sanctions and' olemnitres, and accompanied by what proofs, is the document to -issue? These,.too, are regpilated by the forms annexed to several treaties, which were brought to the notice of-the: Court; at the former argumpnt. The Coutt may supply, these requists, cobjecturally, but it can have no assurance that it willpot -err, and defeat, instead of promoting-the in,tentzon of the partie& The stipulations of-the treaty are nothing, Rn0l profess to be noth'ing without-the form of. passport. The contracting parties- -have made no effectual-contract on -this watter, without the forni. The Court cannot finish, whatihey nave left .imperfect,- any. more than it-could.frame new articles, and insert them-in the treaty. The contractwg parties give gonclusiveness to no.passport

OF THE UNITED STATES.

but one according to a form to be annexed. The Court knows not what that form would have been. It might have -explained, varied, or added to the requisites of the passport contained in the body. of the treaty. Can the Court give conclusive effect to any other passport than the one intended to be provided by the treaty P If it ean, the treaty would, to a certain extent, be made by the Court. But the Judiciary has no portion of the treaty-making power under our constitution ; and cannot exercise it under the pretext of interpreting treaties made by the President and Senate. Here is no room for interpretation. The language of the treaty is expriss and in-
tdlligible, as far as it goes. It creates but one casus fweders. The Court cannot vary it, 'or superadd another. The 14th. article of the Prussian treaty of 1785, contains a similar.stipulation with that of the Spanish treaty. The passport is to express the tc name, property, and burden of the vessel, as also
the-name and habitation of the master, which passports shall be made out in good and dueforms, (to be settled by conventions between the parties, whenever occaswn shall require,") &c. Suppose that no
such conventions were ever concluded, (and in fact they never were,) could the Court supply the form, or. give effect to the stipulation in the-treaty with Prussia Yet the two, cases are the same. for the omission of a convention settling the, form, ori of the annexation of the form, equally fail to tomplete the stipulation. If bne can -be judi6ially supplied, -why cannot the other P It is a gratuitous assumption to say, that by the non-annexatioi, the

1821.
The Awiablp
Labella.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182I.
The AAt able Isabeia.

parties intended to refer the form to each other's good
faith and discretion. If they had changed their minds in this respect, when they executed the treaty, a supplemental article would have been added. and the only fair inference from their silence is,-that they meant to leave the stipulation .of free shtps, free goods, to support itself by the ordinary rules of evidence as tothe property of the ship. The Court cannot alter the treaty bj mere implication, and that too, not a necessary implication, for the non-annexation might have been the result of inadvertence. It might, also, have been the result of an intention to abandon the scheme of conclusive passports, or of passports more than usually efficacious, by omitting to perfect the treaty in that.respect. If the defect proceeded from accident, the parties might: have supplied it,by a subsequent convention, and if they have not thought fit to do it, the proper inference is, that they did not wish to do it ,. and if wishing it, they have neglected it, they have no reason to complain that the Court acts upon. the treaty as it finds it. The inadver-
tence, therefore, was remediable, in a regular manner, by the treaty-making power on, both sides, and the Court has no tight to say that it was not an.inadvertence , or if by design, that it was not intended to leave the stipulation abortive as to. the effect of passports. And where is. the mighty mischief of leaving it unaccomplished P The great object-of -the treaty was -the principle of free-skips, .free-goods. Take away the.conlusiveness of the -passport, and that principle -remains in full -force.. It stands in many a treaty without it, The passport would still

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Eiave its proper effect. It would be entitled to re- 1821. spect, as prmafaae evidence, but it would not be The Auablp conclusive.-against further exaiination. No doubt IsaBelfa. the public-fith is to be preserved, but -the care of it is devolvedi upon this Court to a limited extent only, the executive government is answerable for.the"rest.
Thejundiction of the Court to carry the treaty into efict, arises: out -of the constitution, which declares -itto be the supreme law of the land, -and it is only -s a law-that. the Court can deal with it. "Where a *treatygives a legal rule, the Court may enforce it directly in the exercise of its ordinary and. regular jurisdiction. "Butwhere it fails fo give such a rule, the Court is without-ower. As a Court of the.law of nations, it cann6t, by analogy tb- its equitable jurisdiction, supply the defective execution of a tteaty, as -Chancery-supplies the defective, .execution of a power, or a trust. A-Court of Equity supplies.-remedy-where there is a right merely eqqitable. It has a control over-the parties to compel -them to ido justice, although -therebe no lgalobligation. But -this Court - cannot deal with treaties m this manner. It must execute them as, it finds them,- since- it arts upon them as- written laws merely, .and has no control over ithe parties t6 make them conform their conventions to their actual intntionS. Sippose the United. States. had refused to make a convention .providing the -form of passports under the Prussian ".treaty, could this Court compel the Governmnt .to' doit, or coisider-it to be done', because in, equity it ought to be done P An. equitable jurisdiction over treaties, implies a control over pariies. But the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. The Amiaable
Isabaa.

power of the Court over treaties is incidental merely,
it makes the treaty act where it professes to act, and does not supply rules of conduct which the treaty does not give. Its province is interpretative, as in the case pf other laws and it can no more assume the treaty-making power, than any other legislative power.
. But putting the last objection out of the question, the passport produced does not conform to the 17th article of the Spanish treaty. The requisition of.the treaty is, that the passport shall state " the name, property and bulk of the ship," &c. "that at may appear thereby that the shtp really and truly belongs to the subjects of one of the parties," &c. But this passport metel i licenses the master, by names
"to proceed in his Spanish shzp,11 &c. How does it appear by this,that the ship is the property-of any subject of Spain P The words of the treaty, or absolute .synonymes, are essential, and cannot be dispense.d with without frustrating tfhe object..of the sti-
pulation. Unless, therefore, the substituted words
necessarily,. and under all cirgumstances, mean the same thing, and give t4e same security to the belligerenti the departure is fatal. The pronoun "hs," as here usea, does not relate to property, but to the official character of the master, nor is it pretended that he is owner. The words "'Spansh ship," do not necessarily denote Spanish property. Spain may adopt, or naturalize foreign vessels, for temporary, or for permanent, purposes, without making their owners her subjects. Even a Spanish passport given to a vessel, documented in other respects as a foreign vessel, may be held to communi-

OF-THE.- UNITED STATES.
cate the Spanish national -character.- It depends- on 1821. Spain to make-any vessels:-Spanish ·vessels, and thus The""Am'iable to give the- protection of her'flag and pass to the .ebena;" whole navigatiot of-our enemy. The -words here substituted, donot then.necessarily import the,salue with .the-words of-the treaty; they are-usceptible.of. 'evasion; they may bW-true, ai#',ye '.the reqdisitions of the treaty remain unsatisfied.
Mr. Harw,cbntra; feferred. tb- the former argument on-,the,part of the-claimant and-appallant on,all the,pointr except that relative to.the omission of the -torm of -passport provided, by, the treaty, which he iosisted did -not defeat the conclusive effect meant to lie attributed, to the passport. by the treaty. The congtiuction contended for, on the part-of the -captorl, would de'stroy the benevolent ojject of the coiltradting parties. -Itig highly improbable that the two nations would have suffered- so important an alteration to be,worked -in their.rlguial ;intentipns, either by.an accidental or -designed omission ofthe Torm of passport. The annpxation could hardly have been - omitted from negligence; and if the entire effect of the stipulation was meant to have been waived, the .prues would haie distinctly -expressed this -change in their views. ThJ e fhir inference, tbqrefore, is, that they meant. to refer, the form to each other's good faith, and to be satisfied if it contained a.compliance with the substaiftial requisitions of the -treaty, Under this confidence our vessels have been furnished with the sea letter, and the vessels of Spain with: a royal-passport, or a passport substitu-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
v The Amiable
rsabella.

ted for it by the Spanish authorities, to whom the issuing of royal passports is entrusted, and contain-
ing the same particulars as to the. property of the ship, &c., which the royal- passport contains. It is not contended, that the passport may be Issued by any Spanish authority, however inferior, or- however alien his functions to the matter in question, but only by such officers as the Spanish Government authorizes to grant them. If, notwithstanding a vessel -has such a passport or sea letter an board, she is liable to be interrupted in her voyage, and carried in for adjudication, under the ordinary rules
of the: Prize Court,-independentof the conventional law, -theobject'of the contracting parties will be entirely defeated. It is true, that free ships will still make free goods, but if the freedom of the ship must be .established by the tedious process of judi-
cial investigation, notwithstanding the provisions--of the treaty intended to exclude sucf investigation, very little will be gained for the security of neutral conmerce. The terms used in the -passport, with which this ship was furaished, are precisely synonymous with those of the treaty.. The-treaty -does.not say, that the passport shall express the, individual
proprietary interest of any particular Spanish.subject, but that it shall express the property of -the ship. Wow can-a ship be a "Spanish ship," wit4out .bqiig Spanish property P And. bpw caa it be Spanish property, without being the property of the subjects. of Spain P This is the effect of the terms, as used in a policy of. insurancei, and other comimer-
i I transactions, A mere license toa-foreign slp,

OF THE UNITED- STATES.
documented as a foreign ship, conferring-on, he* the 1821. privile-ges of Spanish trade, by a fictitious -adoption The-Amiable similar to that which gave rise .to the. British ruleof Isabella. 1756, relative to the colonial trade, would not make her a-Spanish ship. And even if Spain should abuse the immunity conferred by the treaty, it is no reason why this Court shoul& dispense with its obligations. It. is f6r the legislative authority to determine when political considerations will justify this country in strspendhig any.of the provisibns of a foreign treaty. The Court must take the law from the treaty-making power, or from the higher legislative power dispensing with the obligatiois of a treaty.
The cause was continued to the next 'term for advise ment.

At the present term the opinion 6f the Court was Prym;. delivered-by 1821.

Mr. Justice STOitY. This cause was.heard upon the whoIb evidence,, iitroduced" b4 both partieg, at the last term ; and as it embraced, several points of gret importande and-dificulty, thd Court, ex.wero motu., directed one of those points to be reargued; and-.another, including a .final construction of the Spanish treaty in matters of deep and universal interest, was reargued. upon tho application of the Government itself. The last argument was heard
,at so late -aperiod of the session, thit it was found
impracticable for all of-us -to prepare deliberate opinions, and the. ause was ordered by the Court tobe

VoL. VL

9

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. continued for advisement. The Court has, now Thee .Amiaaebcleo'me to-a result, which I-am. directedtopronounce.,
Isbelia. A preliminary questidn was raised at the orgnal Whether a si- argument, that the libel ought to be dismissed, be.,
zoufre Abdemlaradlrtiyt,
is a questio cause the capture was made without public "thorI-
entirely be-
ten th bo- ty, and by a: non-commissibned vessel. hether.
vernment and
the pto.r ths be so or not, we do not think t matefia! now to
with which the
ncolathiminagntto doh.as inquire. It is "a"-question..between the Government and the captors, with whichotheelaimant hqs nothing
to do. If the ship and cargo be enemys property,. it cannot be restored to.the claimant. If the paptors. made the capture without a.-y,legalcommissr'on, and it is decreed good. prize,. the eiinemnation must, tjnder such circumstances, .be.-to -the Government itself. If with a.comnision, then it mray be to the captors. But in any. vjew, thequestion is matter-of subsequent inquiry... after the principal question of prize is disposed of; and the Government may, if it-chooses, contest the right of the captors by an interlocutory application aftera, decree. of condemnation has pased, and before distribution is-decreed. The claimant can have no just.interest in that question, and cannot be permitted-to moot it, before this Court.
Having disposed of this point, which, indeed, has been long recogfiised as a settled princile .of'the law of prize, the path is open for the coasideration of the other points of the cause.
The.captors contend, that the whole evidence establishes, that the ship-and cargo are enemies propefty, the property of British subjects disguised qder Spanish documents, and. bound to a British port.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

That the voyage had its origin, in Loddon, and was to terminate there; and 'that the usual frauds of false papers, fase destination, and suppression of evi-
dence, have been resorted to for the purpose of giving a neutral characteik to hostile interests.
The -counsel for the claimant deny the matter- of fact, and assert, that -t.he proprietary interest of ship and cargo is bozafide Spanish ;.and'endeavour, with great ingenuity and force, to explain away the difficulti.s with whiih it. is admitted, on -all sides, this part of the cause is . urrounded. If this ground should be thought not to be. entirely and satisfactorily made out). the counse.for the claimant farther contend, that the s§hrp was Auly documented as a
Spmansh ship, accordIng 'to the' stipulations of tke Spanish treaty of 17-95., and that the effect of those stipulations is to. preclude all inquiry into the pro-prietary interest of ship and cargo. Of the former, becaus6 the passport is conclusive evidence of the national -character and ownership of the ship, .whidh all -persons are estopped to deny, of the latter, 'because, by the treaty, free ships make free goods, and the national character of the cargo becomes wholly immaterial.
To-this point, which, if settled one-way, is decisive of the cause, the counsel for the captors have given several Answers. 1.. That-the passport of this ship was obtained by fraud, and ihis is alwiays inquirable into, and vitiates all, even the most sacred instruments and records. 2. That the passport is not conformable to the treaty, not having been issued by royal authority, or authenticated by the royal Go-

1821.
The Amiage Is8ibUa.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. vernment, but issued bY a mere colonial Governor,

ThTeaAndmiable

that, such as it is,. it does not state the ship to

Isabella. be owned by Spanish subjects, which is indispensa-

ble under the treaty. 3. That the substituted proof

required by the 17th article of the treaty, where the

passport is not regular, must be such as is subject to

the thorough examination of the Prize Court.

4. That the form of the passpoft, referred to in the

17th article of the treaty, never having been annexed

to it by the contracting parties, that article, so far as

it purports to give'.any effect to passports, is inopera-

tive and imperfect; and tbe imperfection cannot be

supplied by any ju'dicial tribunal;

Such are the.leading- propositions, pressed with

great ability and earnestness -into the discussion of

this cause; by the ilespective parties. They embrace

prmciples of nternational law of vast importance ;

they embracf private interests of no inconsiderable

magnitude, and they embrace the interpretation of

a treaty which we are bouhd to observe with the

most scrupulous good faith, and. which our Govern-

ment could not violate without disgrace, and which

this Court could not disregard without betraying its

duty. It need not be said, therefore, that we feel

the responsibility of oui stations on this occasion,

and that in.delivenng.our opinmon to the world, we

have pondered on it witigieat solicitude and delibe-

ration, and. have looked to consequences no farther

than the sound principles of interpretation, and inter-

natiohal .justice required us to look.

The point to which the Court will first direct its

attention, 'is that last made, viz. whether the 17th

OF THE UNITED STATES,

article of the treaty. of 1795, so far as it rnpects 1821.

pMsports, is inoperative and imperfect in conse- The .Amiable quence of-the omission to annex the form of the pass- Isabella..

prt t the treaity. This is a very delicate and in- T 11th aricle

teresting question.

=;y ofi,

The 17th. article "prov.ides, ".that in case eithetrh rpaei"ve in mcoonps.eof the partieIs hereto shall be engaged.in -a war, the quence of the
'omission to an-
ships and vessels belongihg to the subjects or people nexth fom of

of the other party,.must be furnished with sea letters tre a'tY.

or pas ports, (patentes de mar o pagaportes,)express-

ing the name, property, (pro.pzedad,) and bulk of

I'he.,ship; as,'also, the name and. place of habitation

of the.master .orcommander of the said ship, that it

may appear.thereby, that the ship really and-truly

belongs to the subjects .of. one of the. PArties, whic

passports (dichos pasaportes) shall be ,made out and

grantedaccordingto theform annexed to thus treaty."

The, article" proceeds to declare, "1that such ships,

being laden, are to be provided not qnly with pass-

ports, as above menioned, but. also with certificates

contaihing the"several particulars of -the cargo,, the

place whence. the ship sailed, -that so it- may be

known whether any forbidden or contraband goods

"be on board the same; which certificates shall be

made out by the officers of the place whence

the ship sailed, in the accustomed form, and if

any one shall think it fit or advisable to express

in the- said certificate, the person to whom the

goods on board belong, he may freely do so, with-

out whsch requsites they may.be sent to 6ne of the

ports of the other contracting party, and adjudged

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT

121.
'd Ve.

by the competent tribunal, according to what is above set forth, that all the circumstances of the

The Amiable Isibella. above omission, having been well examined, they

shall be adjudged to be legal prizes, unless they shall

give legal satisfactron of their property by testimony

entirely- equivalent." In point of fact, no form of a

passport was made out and annexed to the treaty.

The case, then, now before us, is not within the letter

of tie treaty, for as no form is prescribed, the docu-

ments found on board cannot be compared with any

form, and until that comparison is-made, it is im-

possible to say whether the stipulations originally in-

tended by the treaty have been exactly and literally

complied -With or not. There is no room here left

for interpretation, oki account of arabiguous language

of the parties. They have expressed themselves in

the clearest manner, jand it is t9 the passport, whose

form is to be annexed to the treaty, and -to none

other, that thie effect intended by the treaty, whatever

that may be, either as conclusive or prnmaficze evi-

dence of proprietary interest, is attributed. Into the

reasons Why this form was omitted to be annexed

to the treaty, we are not permitted judicially to in-

quire. It-may have been by accident, or by design,

from difference of opinion as to what should be the.

solemnities accompanying it, or from a willingness

to leave it.to future negotiation. Can this Cout

annex a form to the treaty Can it supply the defi-

ciency of the treaty, and give effect to it in the same

manner, as if no form were referred to Can it look

to the stipulations, and decide for itself what the par-

tie's regarded as substance, and what -as mere form P

OF THE UNITED-STATES.
Can-it say that the stipulations in the text would 1821.
bave been agreed to -without the auxiliary form of The Amiable the passport P Can it decide judicially, that under no Isbella. circumstances the form of the passport could be of the essence of the stipulations P These are grave questions, and are not to be lightly answered. They deserve and require deliberate, consideration We have given it; and- our opinion will now be deli-
vered. In the first place, this Court does not-possess any
treaty-inaking power. That power belongs by ,the constitution to another department cif the. Governnient; and to alteramend, or.add to any-treaty, *by inserting any clause, whether small or great., important or triial, wovld be on our part an usurpation of power, and not an exerciie of judicial functions. It would be to make, and - not to :construe a treaty. 'Neither can this Court supply a casus omis.sus in a treaty, any more than in alaw. We are to find out the intention of the parties by just rules of interpretation applied to the subject matter; and having found that, our duty is to follow it as far as it goes, and ta stop where that stops-whutever may be the imperfections or. difficulties which it leaves behind. The paties who formed this treaty, and they.alone, have a right to annex the form of the passport. It is a high act of'sovereignty, as high as -the .formation of any other. stipulation of the treaty. It is a matter of negotiaiion between the Governments. The treaty does not leave it to the diseretionof either party to annex the form of the 'asport; it requires it-to be the joint act of both , and that act

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. is to Te expressed by both parties in the only man-

%VAme iablener known
Th~le Amiable

between

independent

nations-by

a so-

Isabela. lemn compact through agents specially delegated,

and by a formal ratification.

Nor is there any thing strange or singular in lea-

ving matters of this sort to be settled by 'future negotiations. In our treaty with Prussia of 1786, the

14th article contains a provision asrto passports, in substance like that of the 17th article of our treaty

with Spain, except that it declares that these "pass-

ports shall be made out in good and due form, to

be settled by conventions between the parties, whenever occasion shall require." This stipulation ma-

nifestly contemplates that the form of the passport is

to be a solemn act of the treaty-making power .of

both Governments, and that neither Government has

authority i itn discretion to use a form which shall

be binding, without its consent, upon the other con-

tracting party.

In the next place, this Court is bound to give ef-

fect to-the stipulations of the treaty in the manner and to thd extent which the parties have declared,

and not otherwise. We are not at liberty to dispense

with any of the conditions or requirements of the

treaty, or to take away any qualification or integral

part of any stipulation, upon any notion of equity or

general convenience, or substantial justice. The

terms which the partieshave chosen to fix, the forms

which they'have prescribed, and the circumstances

under which they are to have operation, rest in the

exclusive discretion of the contracting parties, and

whether they belong to the essence or the modal

OF THE UNITED STATES:

parts of the treaty, equally give thw rule to judicial 1s2i. tribunals. The same powers which have contracted, %
The Amiable
are alone competent to change or dispense with any Isabella, formality. The doctrine of a performance cy pres,
sojust and appropriate in the civil concerns of private

persons, belongs not to the solemn compacts of na-

tions, so far as judicial tribunals are called upon to

interpret or enforce them. We can as little dispense with forms as W~ith substance.
In the next place, we cannot admit that the an-

.nexabton of the form of the passport was, in itselfy (supposing we had a right to inquire into it) a matter of small moment or importance so that the omis. mon could be dispensed with, as not belonging to the

substance of the treaty It was' competent to the parties, by the particularity of the form, to have qualified the general expressions of the article, and to have made that determinate, which, upon the face of the article, stands indeterminate. It is,.for instance indeterminate upon the face of the article, whether there is to be a specification of the names of the owners of the ship, or only a general declaration that the owners are Americans or Spaniards. It has also been contended here, and is certainly susceptible of doubt whether the passport was to express the individual ownership, or the national character of the ship. So the solemnities to be observed in granting the passport, the oaths to be made by the parties, the persons by whom they were to be verified, are all left indeterminate by the treaty. These might have beeri, and looking to the requisitions of other treaties, must have been explained and settled by' the fQrm annexwd

yo , V1

10

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. TThe Ami aable
Is4Lbella.

to this treaty. The 26th article of the Dutch treatyof 1782, is substantially the same as the 17th article of the Spanish- treaty; and the form of the passport, certificate, and sea letter annexed to that treaty, reduee to a perfect certainty every circumstance which has been Olready mentioned. Other qualificatioii and limitations might have been added, in the pleasure of the parties. It isi,mpossible, therefore; for this Court, judicially; to 'say what such passport might or would have contained. We may indeed conjecture, but iii this conjecture we may.err, and to assert what it would be, rn literis would be to ex-
ercise a sovereign control over the compact itselfi. Nor are the circumstances already stated, mere
formi or diplomatic ceremony. They might well have entered .into the very substance of the stipulation. The counsel for the claimanit alleges,, that .he passport, intende'a by the treaty, was to import perfect, unimpeachable verity, that it was to have a sanctity beyond that which is granted to any other solemn instrument. Fraud would not vitiate it, nor the -most direct, unequivocal breach of good faith, or abuse of the passport, bring its protecting virtue into question. Assuming for -the purpose of argument, that this is true, the form of the passport,. and the solemnities accompanying it, were of the deepest interest' and importance to both nations. It was vital to the treaty, vital to the acknowledged rights deiv'ed under the law of nations. The immunity intended by the treaty, in this view of it, was a derogation from the general belligerent rights of both -parties. They might be willing to confide the issu-

OF THE UNITED STATES-
mg of such passports to the Spanish high officers of 182A, state with the royal approbation and signature2 or with The Amuble the corresponding signatures of our 5wn Secretary of Iabem. State and President. They might *have full faith and confidence, that under such guards, the danger of abuses would be very much diminished,.f not entirely checked. But they might not be willing to trust to the integrity, discretion, and watchfulness of subordinate agents,, to officers of the customs, to colonial Goveriors, or commanders in distant Provinces. Inpoint of fact, our own.passports have issued under the authority and signatures of our highest executive officers. What reason bas this! Court to presume that our Government would accept of a verification by inferior officers of' Spain What reason has this Court to presume, that our Government would have been satisfied with a passport signed by a colonial Governor for want of royal passports R It has not been so stipulated in the treaty. It has not, in terms, dispensed with the annexation of the form of the passport to the treaty. Even if one Government had been willing.to dispense with it, it remains to be shown, that the other was also willing. And if both were willing, it would still remain to be-shown, that the act of dispensation was consumnated by a solemn renunciation, for the obligations of the treaty could not be changed or vaned but by the same formalities with which they were introduced , or at least by some act of as high an import, and of as unequivocal an authority. All that can be said in the present case, is, that the subject of the annexation of the passport was taken ad

CASES IN. THE SUPREME COURT

-1821. referendam by the parties. They had competenit

'authority

so to do.; and this Court isbound to pre.

!Me Amiable

Isabella, sume, that they had good -reasons for their conduct..

It is far more consistent with every fair interpreta-

tion of the acts of the Government, to suppose,. that

the form of the passport was postponed-with a view

to the suspension of the article until the subject

was more deliberately considered, or could be more

conveniently attended to, than to suppose that words

of reference were. used without meaning, and forms

carrying with them such. important and interesting

solemnities, and- such obligatory force and dignity,

were hastily abandoned at 'the very moment they

were studiously sealed to the text. Unless this

Court is prepared to say, that all forms and solemni-

ties were useless and immaterial, that neither Go-

vernment had a right to insist upon. a form after

having assented to the terms of the article, tht-a

judicial tribunal may dispense with- what its own

notions of equity may deem unimportant in a treatyj

though the .parties have chosen to require it; it can-

not consider the 17th article of this treaty as com-

plete or operative, until the form of the passport is

incorporated into it by the Joint act of both Govern-

pients.

Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the Court, in

which -opinion six judges agree, that the form of the passport not having been annexed to the 17th article

of the treaty, the Immunity, whatever it was, intend,

ed'by that article, never took effect, and therefore,

in examining and deciding on the case before us 'w@ ulust be governed by the general law Qf prize.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

This view of the case renders it unnecegsary to cansider the other points made by the counsel for
tje captors, as to the effect of'the treaty, and we therefore give no opinion upon them.
It remains then to consider whether the ship and cargo, now in judgment, are, in fact, neutral or hostile property. The facts are extremely complicated, aid the evidence, m many instances,' clashes so as to forbid all hopes of reconciling it. It cannot be disguised too, that the claim is involved in much perplexity, and is shaded by some circumstances that have not been entirely cleared away. If it were not a task-from which we could derive no general istruction,. the whole evidence night be minutely examined, as to the questions of false destination, suppression of papers, and use of false papers. But the labour would be- very. great, and after all, would.con-
duce to no important purpose. We shall content ourselves, therefore, with a brief statement of the result of our opinion.
It is t. be recollected, that by the settled rule of
PrtihzeeoCnouusrbsandf
Prize Courts, the onus probandi of a neutral interest rests on-the claimant. This rule is tempered by another, whose liberality will-not be denied, that the evidence to acquit or condemn, shall, In the first instance, come from the ship's papers, and persons on board, and where these are not satisfactory, if the claimant has not violated good faith, he shall be admitted to maintain his -claim by farther proof. But if, in the event, after full time and opportunity to adduce proofs, the claim is still left in uncertainty, an- the neutrality of .the property is not established

1821. The Aiable-
Isaiel a.
Thiseo.n,,t-h.e.. claimant.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. beyond reasonable doubt, it is the invariable rule of SPrize Courts to reject the claim, and to decree co17
The Amiable
isabefa, demnanon of the property. There is another rule
A false claim
i2a substantive too, founded in the most salutary and bein pnnci-
cause of co4-
demnaton, ples of justice, that the assertion of a false claim, an

of ethteermqutieasttiioonn
o propre
interest in this
-ca.

whole, or in part, by an agent of, or in connivance' with the real owners, is a substantive cause of forfeiture, leading to condemnation of the property. These principles are not alluded to in this case, for the purpose of founding our present judgment upon them, for we do not rely upon it as a case merely of reasonable doubt, but to show that a case less strong
might justly have supported the decree, we feel ourselves bound to pronounce-of condemnation.
We cannot resist the conclusion, looking to the whole evidence, that this is a case where. the whole mercantile adventure had its origin, in the house of

trade of Messrs. Von Harten and Gobel, a house domiciled n'.London. The ship was, beyond all question, a foreign ship, but of what nation, and in

whose ownership-.at the time when'she acquired her ostensible Spanish character, is studiously con-

cealed. She came just before her naturalization from New Providence, and that naturalization. was procured, as we feel ourselves constrained to believe, -by an imposition practised upon the Spanish judicial authoriugs, by means of a pretended lien under a bottomry'bond, supposed to be .given for repairs. The holder of the bond procured a judicial sale of the vessel, became himself the purchaser, and after-

wards obtained the Spanish character by a negotiation wth the Spanish Colomal Government,

OF THE' UNITED STATES.

making awkward apologies for -his asserted ignorance of the former ownership, and endeavounng to allay the well-founded .distrust .of tjiat.Government. To this very hour the claimant has observed a profound silence on this- point, a source of just and pregnant suspicionf although hehas loaded the,-cause with documentary proofs and affidavits on other points. He has not chosen to give any information as to the origin of the bottomry ,bond, or former ownership"of the vessel, or of the eircumstances -under which the supposed lien was acquired. Yet these facts would seem to .have lain immediately withim his reach. On board, to, of the vessel at the time,. pf the -capture, was the special and confidential agent of Messrs. -YonHarten and -Gobeli and also the brother-in-law- of Mr. Vou Harten. Some papers -were ,thrown over "board, others were concealed; and-others spoli'ated.. The testimony-of the witnesses upon the standinginterrogatories, was fat from satisfactory; and it is extremely difficult to exrempt the agejits on board the vessel -from the imputation of dpsigned suppression of facts and prevarication. The claimafit, Mr. Munos, is the father-inlaw-of Mr. Gobel, and claims thus very valuable ship-
ment as his own property, asserting himself to be-a merchant now engaged in business. And yet it is proved by a weight of tes.timony, that seems difficult to resist, that Mr. Munos has not been known to be engaged in commercial buslness on his own account for at least fifteen years -before the time of this shipment. And it is establishedin the most satisfactory
manner,. and is indeed admitted by the claimant him-

1821.
The Alniable
Isalena.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
'
The Amiable Isabella.

self, that on account of the foreign character of Mr, Gobel, (the. son-in-law of Mr. Munos,) all the foreign business of Mr. Gobel has been constantly
carried on for several years under the cover of Mr. Munos. These are a few of the extraordinary facts of this case, and combining them, with the indications of the papers found on board, and the suppressed documents which have reached the light, the vehement presumption, -and almost written proof, that Mr. Gobel, the admitted partner of the English hoilse of Von Harten arid Gobel, was the stationed agett of that, house at the Havana , and the. fact, that the destination was alfernaiVe, or double, to London or Hamburg, or both, the conclusion is difficult to overcome, that the cargo was the property of Messrs. Von Harten and Gobel, or some other unknown enemy proprietor, and covered by the Spanish cl'atacter of Mr. Munos. And the Court is constrained to consider the proceeding at the Havana as mere machinery to naturalize an enemy's 'ship, and that the ship,. either previously belonged to Messrs. Vail Harten and Gobel, or some other enemy proprietor', or was purchased at New-Providence on his or theit account. It is perfectly immaterial whether Mr. Munos had any subordinate interest in the'ship and cargo or not. If his claim be substantially false iii the manner i*U which it is framed, having been adopted by him, he has justly incurred a forfeiture of any such interest, by attemptiag an imposition upon the Prize Court.
It is thejudgment of-the Court, that the decree of
the Circuit Court, condemning the ship and cargo,

OF THE UNITED- STATES.,

be affirmed, with costs. From so.much of this opi- 1821.

non as respects the question of propretarjinterest The Amiable

of vessel and cargo, three Judges dissent.

Isablla.

Mr. Justice JOHNsON. This is an appeal from the sentence of the Circuit Court of North.Carolina, condemning this vessel and cargo as prize of war to the Roger privateer.
The condemnation below appears to have proceeded on evidence of an hostile interest existing in the ship. For, as to 'the cargo, it is not denied that, the proprietary interest is itnmaterial ; since, if the ship be Spanish, the existence of an enemy interest in the cargo,. does not affect it. Yet, much of the evidence and argument have been introduced toprove the existence of ayr hostile interest in the cargo, but it has been with a view to maintain two po-
sitions .1st. That it is a strong circumstance to prove the vessel to be British property; and, 2d. That, though it be not enemy owned, yet, as both vessel and cargo-are claimed 'bythe neutral, if it be proved that he has attempted a frauji, the penal consequence isthe forfeiture of his own interest.
It cannot be denied, that there are many circum-
stances in the case , going strongly to prove too intimate a connection, between this adventure, and the mercantile -transactions of -the house of Gobel, consisting of Gobel and Von Harten, a British merchant, Nor is it entirely clear that Rahlives, who appears in the machinery as supercargo, is not himself a participator in interest. If I felt myself now called upon td decide this case on the ordinary prin,

VOL. V1.

11

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.
.IeAmiable habella.

ciples which govarn the decisions of Prize Courtg, on neutral claims, it must be acknowledged, that there is a good deal of evidence which must be re-
jectod, in order to clear it from the tissu of difficulties in which the cjrcumstances involve it. Yet there is one important consideration which -rides over all the unaccountable combinations, of interest which present themselves to the view of the CourL Why should British property on board aS-panish vessel have been disguised as Spanish ?-'There are ob. vious reasons why Spanish property dhould have been disguised as British, for, it would have afforded protection against theonly enemy a Spaniard
had to fear---the patriot privateer. But, as England was at pe2 :e with all the world except America, and enemy property secure from American capture in a Spanish vesseli it -is difficult to conceive a reasoa ivhy this disgtuse should have -been thrown over a
British cargo. The course,. however, which I will pursue in coming to a conclusion, precludes the necessity of disentangling the web, in which the iterests-of the claimant are wound up by the various circumstances of the destruction, mutilatioa, and concealment of papers, and the questionable shape in Which several of the actors in the drama present
themselves to-the view of this Court. The claimant founds his right to restitution, on hrs
Spanish character, and the sufficiency of his Spanish documents under the treaty. The captor pontend§, that the documents found on board, were not of the first order under the treaty, and that when let in to

OF THE UNITED'STATES.

thaproduction of substitutes, a plenary inquiry is 1821.

opened into proprietary interest·.

Th%e AAm-bia0lba

Before. entering upon these ,more general ques- habeth.

tions, it is necessary to take notice of a preliminary

ground of condemnation, which, if it can be sustain-

ed, anticipates every other inquiry. It appears, that

the vessel left the Havana under convoy of a Britisih

frigate, and, it is contended that this circumstance is,

.per se, a ground of condemnation.

This is, at least, a new ground in this Court; and

it cannot be expected that it will meet with a very

favourable admission from-a Courtwhich has mani-

fested no disposition to multiply causes of condemna-

tion. Without being supposed to express any in-

clination to adopt the principle, I deem it sufficient

to remark, that if it could be admitted, it ought not

to be applied to a nation which needed that protec-..

tion against an existing and enterprising enemy';

and- which ought, therefore, to--be considered, as

having, sought it for that purpose, and not against a.

neutral, whose principles of conduct it had tfien nor

reason to. distrust. The Gulph of Florida, at that

time, swarmed-with p'atriot privateers; and the con-

voying ship had, moreover, parted.from the fleet be-

fore this capture was made. The conduct of this

v.~ssel was perfectly pacific when overhauled .by the

American cruiser. The utmost -to which the .Courts

of Great Britain have gone, has been to affect the

merchant vessel actually-taken under convoy, with

the resistance or character of the convoying ship-;,

and when such a case shall occur, it will be time

enough for this Court to determine on the eours it

CASES IN THE SUIREMt. COURT

1821.
nlee Amiable IsabelLa.

will adopt. At present 1'feel no inclinatioi to go so
much beyond those decisions as has been here col tended for.
On the principal question, it appears, thatthis vessel was provided, at the time of her sailihg, "both with a passport and certificate of her cargo. That these -papers were on board at the time of .the-capture, cannot be doubted, they wer6 both .deli' eted by the captain to the Registrar of ile District Courti the former marked A. No. 7;. the latter, B. N. 1., Some doubt arises whether they were both exlibited prior to the capture ; but this is wholly- immaterial,
in the question of condemnation. In behalf of the climant it is contended, that on
the production of the passport and certificate, or bill of lading of the cargo, he is entitled-to restiiution. To this the captor objects, that the 17th article of the treaty wih Spain, contemplated a form of passport intended to be attached to that treaty, that as no such form was settled by the two nations,,the claim must rest altogether upon the provisions of the 15th artic e, and the proprietary interest is to beamquired into as in ordinary cases. But, if the contracting parties are to be permitted to devise foms of passports for themselves severally, then that this is not a passport in the language of the treaty, but a substitute for one, and is defective in not expressing unequivocally that the ship was Spanish property.
On this part of-the case it-is proper to remark, that it is not always easy for the criticising eye of the common law, to expand to the enlarged views and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

remote perceptions which should govern the mind in the construction of treaties. Yet nothing could be more inconsistent with international law,.than to apply to such instruments those scrutinising principles, which enter into the construction of a special plea or a crumial statute. From history, analogy, and policy, as well ps language, are to be gathered the views of the contracting.parties, and however either may be pressed by the application of conventional
stipulafions to particular cases, or. under particular -circumstances, not less is the obligatibn to execute them-in a spirit, not only of good faith, but of liberality. Where no coercive power exists for compelling the observance of.contracts bu't the force of arms, honour and liberality are the only bonds of unon be,tween -the contracting parties, and all minor considerations are to be sacrificed to the great interests of ,mankind.
In the case before us, I see no reason for nullifying-the operation of the 17th article, for want of the form- which :wds inf.contemplatibn to.be drawn. up lid attached to. the treaty. The substance of the passport, intended to be prescribed, is so copiously exhibited, as to render it a matter of the simplest effort to throw it 'idto form. This, no doubt, was the au-se why the contrating pprties manifested so much-iadifference about'carrying their intention; into effect. I am, therefore, content to give the same effect to any instrument complying substantrilly with this artucle, as ought to have been given to a passport in a prescribed form. What is that effect

isi1. TTlii Amiaable
Isabeifa.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I~.
7b'veisionAsmiable
riabela.

This is easily ascertained by comparing the proof the 15th, 17th, and 18th articles. By the
15th, the principle is established, that free ships shall
make free goods, and that several branches of comnmerce which the modern law of nations has prohibited to neutrals,- shall notwithstanding be freely prosecuted. But, knowing the endless litigation which questions of proprietary interest give rise to, and the sad depravity of morals exhibited by witnesses in Prize Courts, the enlightened statesmen who formed that treaty, resolved, by the 17th and 18th articles, to make the freedom of the ship to rest upon documentary evidence in the first instance, and evidence of property in those cases only, in which the vessel was unprovided with the necessary documents, that each natibn should he sovereign to judge for itself in conferring upon its own vessels the immunity secured by the treaty, and that the acknowledged right of adjudication in the Courts of the capturing power, should be superseded, when a 'vessel was found on the ocean provided with thedocumentary evidence stpulated for by treaty, and only revert, when the vessel, being unprovided with such documents, was obliged to resort to evidence of property of a less solemn nature.
It is contended, that this is yielding an important
national right. What if it is P It is a mutual relinquishment, and one made by the Government, not by this Court. And although it operate against us now, 'the time may come when the comity of Spain, or her colonies, may extend the benefits of it to the commerce of this country. But, be that as it may,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

if-the relinquishment'has been made, it is incumbent on us to observe it. And although it may not be so sensibly felt at present, the time is scarce gone by whert it was thought a highly beneficial stipulation to this country. Spain was, at the date of that treaty, a respectable naval power. Her relations with Europe and the Barbary powers, often involved her in wars. America abounded .with ships and seamen, and her prospects were favourable for the enjoyment of peace. To carry on tue commerce Qf the West-Indies atd Mediterranean, as the favour. ite cartiers of belligerent cargoes, was, therefore, to us, a highly flattering object. Andthough occasional impositions might be practised, it was, comparatively, a trivial consideration, and the chances mutual. When abuses should become flagrant and intolerable, it would have presented a just cause for dissolving the treaty, but it does not rest with Courts of justice to dissolve a treaty.
As to considerations drawn from the-impolicy of discouraging the spirit of cruizing, I attach to them very little importance. The most serious doubts may well be entertained of the policy of giving encouragement to that species of enterprise. Certain it is. that no nation can pursue it long without feeling its demoralizing influence. It draws together a race of men, from every quarter, who want for nothing but a legal pretext for indulging their appetite for blood and violence, and while their habits and examples become popular, the rapid fortunes which are occasionally acquired, render the most valuable classes of a community dissatisfied with seeking

1821. The Amiable
Ihabel r

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. competence by the slow progress of useful labour. ThTeItAmiable will nor, perhaps, be too much to say, that this
Isabella. country is, at this time, experiencing something of the baneful effects which flow to the world from letting loose -the passions of men to gratify themselves with plunder. But, be this as it may, it is the direct object of these articles, of this treaty, to cover comnmerce from capture, and if a treaty i to be construed with a view to effectuate its intent, that construction which will afford the most ample protection to commerce, will be most consistent with the views which dictated this treaty Could the language of the treaty leave a doubt on -this subject, it is historically known, that the policy of the United States, at the time of its date, was, if possible, to annihilate the right of cruizing against commerce. With many ships, and a most flourishing trade, she had not
,a vessel .of war, and while every other nation was likely to be embroiled in wars, her policy was peace, and her prospects favourable to the enjoyment of it. To become- the carners of the world, was the object to which her negotiations were directed, 'and could she have obtained the same stipulation from all the.rest of the European nations, she must have succeeded greatly
The example of other nations in the construction of treaties is brought to 'he notice of this Court. But, besides that the analogy in the cases referred to is very remote, I cannot admit the force -of-any example that contravenes general principles. Itis a melancholy truth, that nations and their Courts are too often inclined to restrict or enlarge constraction,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

under a temporizing policy suggested by the pres- 1821.

sure or allurement of present circumstances. I will The Ami'abla

endeavour to give this treaty the same construction Isabe.

against an American captor, as ought tQ be given it

in the Courts of the opposite contracting party.

And the day may arrive when American commerce

will have no cause to regret that our Courts have

pursued liberal and enlarged views in adopting this

construction.

On the exceptions taken to the form of the pass-

port it is to be observed, that on the face of the in-

strument it is declared to be issued in default of royal

passports. From this circumstance, a doubt arose

whether it was an instrument of the highest autho-

rity. This led to an inquiry at the highest sources

of information relative to the powers of the Governor

of Cuba to issue such passports. From the informa-

tion thus obtained, I am satisfied that his powers are

amply -sufficient to support the authority of that do-

cument. Some very serious doubts also have been

raised relative to the torm of the instrument, particu-

larly that passage of it which has relation to the na-

tional character of the ship. The treaty, requires

that it should set forth the name, property, and bulk

of the shp, also, the name and habitation of the

master, or commander. These requisites are all mi-

nutely complied with, unless we except that part

which relates to the property of the vessel. The

words used with that view are simplyfragatamer-

cante Espanola, and a doubt has existed whether

this be a sufficient affirmance of the property or na-

tional character of the vessel. Nor has this doubt

Vol. VI.

12

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. been removed without a careful reference to the

ThTepAasmspiaobrletsI

of various nations. The result is, that in

Isabella. all of them the affirmance is general, without speeify-

ing the individual proprietor. It is also in evidence

that this is the form known and used in Spain and

her colonies, as the passport of regularly documented

and acknowledged Spanish vessels, and.I feel my-

self bound to receive and acknowledge it as sufficient

in form .and stibstance.

Thus far the opinion was wiitten, and prepared

to be delivered, prior to the argument ordered at the

instance of the Executive. I have seen no reason

to change a word of it, from any thing since heard.

On the contrary, the last argument has fully confirm-

ed me'in its correctness. Thousands of imaginary

cases of fraud and collusion, have been suggested to

alarm the Court, and it may be, that our Govern-

ment, having now a prospect of becoming a respec-

table naval power, and having experienced the acti-

vity and enterprize of our privateers in the late war,

may feel less disposed to promote the principles of

the armed neutrality, than they did formerly. This

conviction of former error has generally grown out

of the same change of circumstances in other states.

But it is not through the medium of Courts ofjus-

tice that this change of sentiment is to develope it-

self. If this treaty was ever binding, it is equally

.binding now , and in adjudicating between indivi-

duals, the same rules which would ever have been

applicable, ought to be religiously adhered to, under

all possible changes of interest or policy.

But the interests and apprehensions so eloquently

OF THE UNITED STATES.

pressed upon the notice of. this Court are not real. They are factitious, and may have their effect on a
client's cause, but they are notthe well understood interest, or the well founded apprehensions of the Government. The execution of one treaty in a spiAt of liberality and good faith, is a -higher interest than all the predatory claims of a fleet of privateers.
What has this country to fear P A practical answer is always most satisfactory on such a question;
with similar treaties existing with various other powers&, what real inJury was sustained in the late war P The truth is, and every one conversant in national policy well knows, that there is always less
danger of imposition in reality than a limited view of the operation of such a stipulation would suggest. It is not the interest of the belligerent to foster the carrying trade of a commercial rival, hence, Great Britain would rather, in time of war,.compel
her own vessels to sail under convoy, than permit her merchants to use a neutral bottom. Nations are generally jealous of permitting foreigners to hold domestic tonnage, or use domestic names. There are, commonly, privileges of trade attached to the ship's character, and severe laws enacted against a practice which is always viewed as a fraud upon the Government whose flag is thus acquired. Witness the severity of our Qwn laws in such cases.
If there is any nation in the world more interested than all others in the liberal support of the doctrine contended for by this claimant, it is the United
States. Our chances of enjoying peace are much geater than any other, and if there be a tendency

1821. TheAmi%0 The Amiabke
Ilsabeii

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1821. to war, it is with a. nation which will not be driven The Amiabblteo the necessity of making use of neutral 'bottoms.
Isabella. I cannot, therefore, really see why our administration should have been so seriously alarmed -at the prospect of our deciding in favour of this Spaniard, as has been urged upon this Court. But, considerations of policy, or the views of the admimstranQn, are wholly out of the question in this Court. What is the just construction of the treaty is the only question here. And whether it chime in with the views, of the Government or not, tlh individual is entitled to the benefit of that construction. Thq more I have examined this subject, the more thoroughly I have been convinced that my view of the construction of the treaty is the correct. one, viz. that national protection was to depend upon authentic documenta, and not- proprietary interest; or more correctly, that each nation hould be restricted from looking beyond those documents. There is one provision contained in all these treaties, which Sets this point, in my opinion, beyond all doubt. Which is, that in the case of convoy, the word of the commander-of the convoying ship is to be taken conclusively for the neutral character of every vessel in the fleet. This is the substitute in the case of a fleet for the passport of a single ves~el. I speak of
authentic documents, for the absurdity never .wa,imagined that a passport stolen or seized by violence ' was to have the force of one regularly issued.
But it is contended, that it is due to Spain to-pnrsue these inquiries into proprietary interest, and due to the peace- of both nations that such questions

OF THE UNITED STATES.
should -be examined in Courts of justice, rather than 1821. leave them to be-the subjects of diplomatic remon- The Amiable strance. This is a specious, but very unsound argu- Tsabella. mnt., Have not the vexations of Courts of ViceAdmiralty, and the violence of armed cruisers, been the pregnant sources of half the commercial. altercgtions of the last century ; This was the.evil intended to be remedied, and, whatever impositions might flow from the remedy, it was well understoodi that the 'bep efits of a commerce uninterrupted by the cupidity of cruizing vessels, would more than compensate. There is one consideration,. which, on this subject, is conusive. No Sovereign can-appear in Courts of justibe to defend his subjects, ana it was, therefore, thata method was devised for taking such questions from Courts of justice if possible, and referring them to another tribunal. Every stipulation in the treaties of that day, teems with the project of ridding commerce of vexatious capture, and mqre vexatious litigation. A better practical -illustration of the wisdom of such a measure cannot be imagined than that which the present case presents.
But it has been earnestly and successfully contended, that if such was the intention of the treaty, it must fail altogether for want of the form of a passport, .contemplated in the 17th article.
Yet if there is any one question more clear of doubt than all others, I think it is this. For the fallacy of the proposition admits almost of mathematical demonstration. This oiission must have been the result of either accident or design. It may have

CASES-IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. proceeded from accident between the negotiators in

ThTeEu.Arompiea,bie

but after the receipt of the treaty, and its

Isabella. submission to the Cabinet and the Senate here, the

omission could not have been the result of accident

when it received the sanction of.our government. It

must then have been designedly omitted by our constituted authorities. And for what purpose P Will

any one presume to suggest that it was a deliberate

fraud upon the other Government? calculated to

leave our Courts at liberty, on some subsequent day,

to declare the 17th and 18th articles in effect void P

Did we hold out to them the idea of having adopted

the provisions of those articles into our national code,

when we were conscious that they contained an in-

nate vice, calculated to defeat every beneficial effect?

If the argument on this point could meet the sanc-

tion of our Government, I would blush for it. From

the advocate of a captor, it might have been expect-,

ed, but cannot lay claim to the sanction or counte-, nance of the American Government. I am sensible

that the cabinet would disavow such a doctrine.

But, it is urged with much emphasis, that we have

no right to annex a form, or to add a clause to the

treaty. It is not contended that we have. No mem-

ber of this bench entertains such a thought. But why may not the contracting parties supply one;'

All the requisites being prescribed in language, the

form and the substance are the same thing. If the

contract is complied with, what matters form P

Whether it is substantially complied with or not,

must be a question for the Courts of the contracting

parties. But hw ndictilous woAld it be, to be try-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ing form, and shape, and size, like the ignorant Arab, 1821. where the treaty is substantially complied with. The Amiable Had it merely stipulated, that a passport, in a form Isabell2. prescribed, should be given mutually, there would have been something in the argument; but in expressing with -precision the substance of the instrument to be given, it renders the devising of a form a mere work of supererogation. If no other conclusion is to be drawn from its omission, certainly this may, that it was too trivial to be remembered.
In order to support the argument, that the absence of the form nullifies the 1.7th and. I8th articles of this treaty, the attention of this Court has been drawn to the provisions of the 14th article of the treaty with Prussia. And it has been contended, that until a form of a passport be adjusted between the two nations, that article is also a .dead letter. The construction is one which could not be supported even on a common law instrument. The words are, " which passports shall be made out in good and due forms, (to be settled by conventions between the parties whenever occasion shall require.)" If the Spanish treaty is to be construed by analogy to this, the argument is directly on the other side. For these words, obviously leave "the good and due forms" of these instruments to be devised by the parties severally, and only stipulate for settling a form by convention, "whenever occas-on shall require;I that is, whenever either shall be dissatisfied with the form used by the other. The natious which, in the very same article, could repose such implicit faith in each other's candour, as to leave the neutrality of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821. whole fleets to be determined on the word of the

ThTecoAnmvoiaybinleg

officer, merit more the confidence of each

Isabella. other, than to have imputed to them an evasion so

obvious.

As it became indispensable to assign some reason for -retaining these two articles in the treaty, if they

were to be held a dead letter for want of the form,

it has been suggested, that the only operation intended by them was to prescribe a law to the caprice or

vlolence of cruisers, and subject them to more ex-

dmplary punishment than in ordinary cases. No one who reads and. comr.ares these four arti-
cles, the 15th, 16th2 17th, and 18th, and considers

the historical events in which they originated, can

for a moment suppose, that this was the object

which led to the insertion of the two latter of those articles. The intention was to ingraft into the-law

of nations a great and a new principle. And al-

though power and cupidity -mayaffect to sneer at it,

and melancholy experience cannot dismiss the ap-

prehension, that it is too etherial to subsist m this

nether atmosphere, yet it is one which philanthropy

will ever cling to, and justice cherish. To ingraft

into this treaty the principles of the armed neutrality

was the object, and for this purpose the 15th article

declares those principles in detail. The 16th fur-

nishes the exceptions to them , the 17th prescribes the evidence on which those privileges shall be con-

ceded , and the 18th, after regulating the conduct

of cruisers towards vessels so protected, proceeds

to declare, that " the ship, when she shall have

showed such passport, shall be free, and at liberty

OF-THE UNITED STATES.

.to pursue her voyage, so. as it shall not be lawful to molest or give her chase in any manner, or force her to quit her intended course." It is impossible for language to be stronger. That the violation of these stipulated privileges, would aggravate the punishment to be inflicted on cruisers, is a consequence of the thing provded for. not the thing. itself.
Upon the whole, I am decidedly of opinion that the claimant is entitled to restitution. Nor should I find much difficulty in supporting his right .on the ground of proprietary interest. But entertaining the opinion' that I db on this preliminary point, ther4 is no necessity to examine into this part of the case.

1821. The -.miable
Isabella.

Sentence affirmed.

Mr. Hdrper.,for the claimant and appellant, .moved Ma 6th. to vacate the decree ot conoemnation entered in this cause; and that it should be :again continued 'to the next term in -order to enable the claimant to procure farther .proof as to. the annexation of forms.of*passports to the original Spanish treaty, and read an affidavit annexed to a printed copy of.th.e treaty, published at the royal printing-office in Madrid, which. contained two forms of passport, which will be f6dind in the margin.

a Modelo del ,Pasaporte, 6 Patente dr Adr lue se.

44 etees

BEuue paranavqgar en Ainmnca, ciftdo en el .dtbule X1JL

DON CsArnos, ?oa LA ?3ns&cxi Dz'Dios, RsLY x CASTILLA, Da

Lt.oz,'de Aragon, de las dos $icilias, de Jerusalem, de NavarrA,

de Granadajde Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Mallorca,

de Sevilla, de Cerdefig, d4, Corcoba, de C6rcega, de Murcia,

VOL. VI.

13

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1821.

The motion was opposed by the Attorney-Generu

'

-and Mr. Wheaton, for the' captors and respondents.

The Amiable

Isabella.

de Jaen,.de los Algarbes, de Algezira, de Gibraltar, -delas Islas de Canarias, de las Indias Orientales y Okcidentales, Islas y Tierra-firme del Mar Ocano, Archlduque de Alastria, Duque de Borgofia, de Brabante y Milan, C6nde de Abspurg,. Flandes, Tirol y Barcelona. Sefior -de Vizcaya y de Molina, &c.

Por quanto he concedido permiso 6

su

nombrado

de porte.de

paia que c6a Toneladas,

pueda salir del Puerto de.

con carga, y registro.de

efectos de comercio,.y transferirse al

y restitfnrse i

Espaiia al Puerto de

con expresa condicion de hacer.

su derrota de ida y .vuelta directamente A los seffalados parages

de su destino, sm extraviarse, nt bacer arribada &Puertos Na.

cionales 6 Extrangeros, en Islas, o Tierra-firme.de'Europa, 6

Ameriea, i m6nos de verse obligado de accidentes de otta su-

erte no remediables Por tanto quero, que el'Presidente de la Contratacion & Indias 6 el Ministro encargad0 del despacho

de Navios &aquellos Dominios, y el Intendente, 6 Mimstro de

Matina del Puerto en que se equipare, cnourran L facilitarle

quanto uere regular 6 este fin, cada uno en la parte que le to-

care el primero en lo respectivo i su habilitacion y carga, -y

el de Marina en lo que mira k Tripulacion, quo deberh compo-

nerse de gentematriculada, y constarque lo sea por.lista cer-

tificada, que ha de entregarle, obligindose a cuidar de su con-

serracton, y responder de sus faltas, segun previenen las Orde-

nanzas de Marina.

Y mando Alos Offlciales Generales, 6 particulares Coman-

dantes de mis Esquadras y Baxeles, al Presidente, y Ministros

de la Contratacion fi Indias, & los Comandantes, y Intendentes

de los departamentos de Marina, Ministros de sus Provincias,

Subdelegados, Capitanes de Puerto, y otros qualesquiera Ofi-

ciales, Ministros, y Dependientes de ]a Armada, i los Vireyes,

Capitanes, 6 Comandantes generates de Reynos y Provineias,

A los Gobernad6res, Corregidores y Justicias de los Pueblos de

la Costa de Mar d mus dominios de Europa y Amdrica, & les

OF THE UNITED STATES

Mr. Justice STORY. Without giving any opinion 1821. -uponthe sufficency of the evidence, to establish the TThe -Am'iable

Isabella.

Oficiales Reales, 6 Jueces de arribadas en ellos establecidos, y & todos fos demas Vasallos rmos, &quienes pertenece, 6 perte-

niecer -pudiere, no le pongan embarazo, causen molestia, 6 detencion, fntes le auxilien, y faciliten lo que hubiere rmenester para su regular navegacion, y legitimo comercio. Y &ilos Vassallos y Sabditos de Reyes, Principes y Repablicas a~iigais y aliadas mias &los comandantes, Gobernadores 6 Cabos de sus Provincias, Plazas, Esquadras, y Baxeles, requxero, que asimsmo no le impidan su libre navegacion, entrada, salida 6 detention en los Puertos, fi los quales por agun accidente se conduxere, permiti~ndole que en ellos se bastimente, y provea de todo lo que necesitare A cuyo fin he mandado despachar este Pasaporte, refrendado de mi Secretario de Estado, y de la negociacion de Marina, el qual valdr&por el tiempo que durare su viage de ida y'vuelta, y concluido que seakle recogerb, el

Ministro que entendiere en-sa descarga Y para su validacion

y uso pondrA I continuacion la nota que corresponde, el que

concurriere f su despacho. Dado en

&

de

mil setecientos

Yo El R6y,

PEDRO VARELA.

Modela del Pasaporte, o Patente de Mar que se concede a los Bu ues para navegar en Europa, citado en el .lrticulo XVII. Do CARLOS, POR LA GRACIA DE Dios, REY DE CASTILLA,
DE LEoir, de Aragon, de las dos Sicilias, de Jerusalem, de N~avarra, fde Granada, de Toledo, de Valencia, de Galicia, de Mallorca, de Sevilla, de Cerdefia, de Cordoba, de Corcega de Marcia, de Jaen, de los Algarbes, de Algezira, de Gibraltar, de las Islas de Canarias, de las Jndias Orientales y Occidentales, Islas y Tietra-firme del Mar Oceano, Archiduque de Austria, Duque de Borgofia, de Brabante y Milan, Conde de Abspurg, Flandes, Tirol, Barcelona. Seflor de Vizcaya y de Molina, &c.

100

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

1821. -probability,

that the forms of passport now offered

The Amiable to the inspection of the Court were ever authonta-

Isabella.

Por quarto he concedido permiso '

vecmo de

para que con su

nombrado

de porte de

toneladas

pueda tiavegar, y comerciar en los Mares y Puertos d Fropa, tanto de mis Dominios, como de Extrangeros, y singulartiente

en los

con absoluta probibicion de pasar olos

&k Islas, . Tierra-firme de Amirica Por. "tanto qraero,-qu

constamdo IApertenencia de la Embarcacion al refeido 6 a otro Vasallo mio de quien ienga p les

se le permita eqwparla con gente
de su miima Provwncia, o de- otta de-milr-lI,,

nios, habil fieste efecto, segun la prevenido en.las Orlg..dnzw

de Marina, para salir A navegar, y 'comercma'ei..elld S-b*s 1

reglas estable, .das. Y manao a los Oficiales. generales, o particulres x.qip-

daaites de =is. Esquadras y Baxeles _ . los Comaudantes y.;Ino tendaentes de ]Qs Departemetitos de Marina: .1 los ikitros de

sus Provwncia, Subdelegados, Capitanes de Puertb, y o'o qualesquler Oficiales y Ministros ae mi Armada k los Capita-

nes, 6 Cbmandantes generales de Provincias &lios Gdbegna-

dores, Corregidores, Jueces y "Justicias de los Puertos deras Dommnios, y a todos los demas Vasallos mios, A .quienes'pprte-

nece, 6 pertenecer pudiere, no le pongan embarazo, caugen molestia, 6 detencion alguna, fntes le auxilien, y f ciliten 14

que hubiere menester para'su regular navegacioq y 'leitimo

covpercio Y f los Vsallos y,.Subditos de Reyes, Pnncpeey

Hepub~icas amigas y aliadas mias.. f. los Comandantes, Go "gnadores, .6 Cabos de sus Provincas, Plazas,.Esquadras y Bax-

eles, requiero, que asimismo no le pongan embarazo en su libre navegacion, entrada, salida, "6dtencion en los-Puertos, a

los qualeir deliberadamente, 6 par accidente se conduxere, y 16

permitan exercer en alIos su legitimo comercio, bastimentarse, y proveerse de lo necesario para continuarle, ficuyo fin he

mandado despachar este'Pasaporte, refrendado de rmio Secri'

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tively annexed to the original treaty, in the posses- 121-. sion of the Spanish Gbvernment, the Court is of The Amiable opinion, that the motion for a continuance must be Isabei. denied. The passport found on board the Isabellai is materially variant, both in form and substance, from the forms of passport now produced; and to the form of the passport actually annexed to the treaty, and to no other, was the effect 'intended by the treaty, whatever that effect may be, meant to be attributed. The possession of that form, and not of any other passport which might be substituted for it, was of the very essence of the treaty. It is clear, therefore, that even if the case were as the claimant's counsel supposes, he could derive no benefit whatever from it, because the treaty passport was not on board, and the case must, therefore, in this respect, be judged by the rules of the Prize Court, independent of the conventional law.
Motion denied.

tario de Estado, y de la Negociacion de Marina, el qual valdra,

y tendrEL fuerza por termino de

contado desde el dia en que usare de 61, segun conste por la

Nota que i. su continuacion se pusiere. Dado en

de

de

mil setecientos noventa

Yo El Rey,

PEDRO VARELA.

