1822.
"W.atts
Lindseys Heirs.

CASES IN THE' SUPRE=i OURT
[LOCAL LAw. CAxncrny.J
WATTS .v. LINDSeY's Heirs and Others.

It is a rule at law, and in equity, that a party must recover on the strength of his own title, and not on the weakness of his adversatuys title.
Tp sppport an entry, the party claiihing under it mutst show that tho objects called for are so described, or are so notorious, that others, by using reasonable diligence, can readily find them..
The followi~ng entry was pronounced under the circumstances, to be void for uncertainty: " 7th of August, 1787. Capt. Ferdinand O'Neal enters 1000 acres, &c. on the waters of the Ohio, beginning at jienorhwatcornerof Stephen .JMason's entry, .No.654, thence with his line east 400 poles, north 40(- poles, west 400 poles, south 400 poles." The entry of Stephen T.J ason referred to, being as follows: "l7th of August, 1787. Stephen T. Mason, Assignee, &c. entora 1000 acres of land on part of a military warrant, No. 2012, on the waters of the Ohio, beginning 640 poles north from the mouth ofthe third creek running into the Ohio, above the mouth of the Little Miami River; thence running %vestlflpoles;north 400 poles; cast 400 poles; thence to the beginning."
The Oo andLittle iiariRirersare identified and notorious objects. But the third creek above the mouth of the Little Miami, is to be taken
according to the numerical order of the creeks, -unless some other stream has by general reputation or notoriety been so considered. Cross Creek,the stream which the party claiming under O'NeaPs entry, assumed for the beginning to run the 640 poles north from the mouth ofthe third creek, as called for in Mason's entry, not being infact nu. merically the third creek above the mouth of the Little .Miami,and their being no satisfactory proof that it had acquired that designation by reputation-the claim was pronounced invalid.
Appeal from the Circuit Court of Ohio.
Feb.loth. This cause was argued by Mr. Doddridgefor the appellant, and by Mr. Brush for the respondents.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Mr. Justice TODD delivered the opinion of the
Court. This controversy arises from entries for lands in
the Virginia military reservation, lying between the
Scioto and Little Miami Rivers, in the district of Ohio.
The plaintiff in the court below, (Watts,) exhibited his bill in Chancery for tmie purpose of compelling the respondents to surrender the legal title, acquired under an elder grant founded on a surveyor's entry, than the one under which he derives his title.
The entry, set forth in the bill, and claimed by the plaintiff, is in the following words: "7th August, 1787. Captain Ferdinand O'Neal enters 1000 acres, &c. on the waters of the Ohio, beginning at the northwest corner of Stephen T. Mason's entry, No. 654, thence with his line, east 400 poles, north 400 poles, west 400 poles, south 400 poles."
The entry of Stephen T. Mason, referred to in the above entry, is in the following words:
"17th August, 1787. Stephen T. Mason, assignee, &c. enters 1000 acres of land on part of a military warrant, No. 2012, on the waters of the Ohio, beginning 640 poles north from the mouth of the third creek running into the Ohio above the mouth of the Little Miami River; thence running west160 poles; north 400 poles; east 400 poles ; south 400 poles: thence to the beginning."
The respondents, in their answers, deny the validity of O'Neal's entry; allege that it is vague and uncertain, and that the survey made on it includes no part of the land described in the entry. and if prQ-

1d22.
V.
Linaseyf-
Heirs. .rarch Id.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

IS22.
v.
Lind4ey's Jliiri.

perly surveyed would not interfere with any part of the land to which they claim title; that the creek selected by the complainant as the third creek, in
the entry of Mason, on which that of O'Neal depends, is not in truth and in fact, the third creek running into the Ohio above the mouth of the Little Miami River; but that another is.
The depositions of several witnesses were taken, and other exhibits filed in the cause. Upon a final hearing in the Circuit Court, a decree was pronounced dismissing the plaintiff's bill.
The cause is now brought into this Court by appeal, and the principal question to be decided is, whether from the allegations and proofs in the cause, the entry claimed by the plaintiff can be sustained - upon sound construction, and legal principles arising out of the land laws applicable thereto.
Before we go into an examination of'that question, we will dispose of some .preliminary objections made by the counsel for the respondents. They were that attested copies of the eitries and patent referred to, and made exhibits in the bill are not in the record: that there does not appear in the record any assignment, or proof of an assignment from O'Neal to the plaintiff. Nor does it appear from the platt where the entry of O'Neal was actually surveyed, nor does it designate the creeks running into the Ohio above the mouth of the Little Miami River, so as to ascertain the third creek.
Some of these objections seem to be well found-
ed, and might induce the Court to dismiss the bill, but such dismission should be without prejudice to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

mencing of any other suit the party might choose to

bring; the effect of which would be only turning the parties out of Court, without deciding the merits
of the cause. We have therefore attentively exam-

ined the record, and are of opinion it contains enough

to get at and decide the merits.

It has been long and well established as a rule of

law and equity, that a party must recover on the

strength of his own title, and not on the weakness of

his adversary's title.

In order to uphold and support an entry, it is in-

cumbent on the party claiming under it, to show that

the objects called for in it are so sufficiently descri-

bed, or so notorious, that others, by using reasonable

diligence, could readily find them.'

As O'Neal's entry is dependent on Mason's, if the

objects called for in the latter can be ascertained, the

position of the former can be precisely and certainly

fixed.

The Ohio and Little Miami Rivers, from general

history, the one having been used before, at, and

since the time when these entries were made, as the

great highway in going from the eastern to the west-

ern country, and each of -them having been referred

to in general laws, and designated as boundaries of

certain districts of country, we consider must be deemed and taken as being identified and notorious, with-

out further proof.

The third creek, running into the Ohio above the

mouth of the Little Miami River, is then the only

and principal object to be ascertained, to fix the entry

of Mason, with specialty and precision. The plan-

VoL. VI.

21

1822.
Watts
n. Heir.

162

CASES IN THE SUPREM1E COURT

1822.
watt4s
v.
Lindsey's Heirs.

tiff has assumed what is now called Cross Creek for the beginning, to run the o40 poles north from the mouth of the third creek,.as called for in Mason's en-
try. The respondents contend, that what is now
called Muddy Creek, and sometimes Nine Mile, is "the third creek."
It seems to be admitted, in argument, that Cross Creek is not, in truth and in fact, numerically the third creek above the mouth of the Little Miami. Bur the counsel for the plaintiff contends that the early explorers of the country, when the entries were made, designated Muddy Creek as the second. That streams then called"creeks, have since been degraded into runs, and other streams, then callell runs, are now termed creeks.
If this argument was supported by the proofs in the cause, it would be entitled to great consideration ; but upon a careful and minute examination, there is a great preponderance of testimony against it : there is the deposition of one witness that affords some foundation for it ; there are also the depositions of many witnesses who contradict it. But waiving this testimony, and examining this entry, upon its iice, it is obvious that subsequent locators and explorers
commencing their researches at the mouth of the Little Miami River, would exanife the creeks emptying into the Ohio above, according to their numerical order. The words "the third creek," emphatically applies to that order; nor would they depart from it, unless another stream, by general reputation or notorietq, had been so considered. It has how-
ever. uever beea held. that reputation or notoriety

OP THE UNITED STATES.
could be established by a single wituess ; and it may be further observed, that the other witness, whose deposition has been taken on the part of the plaintiff, states, that he had meandered the Ohio, and in his connectioni had laid down Muddy, or Nine Mile Creek, as-the third, and that he so considered it, until the year 1806, or 1807, when -from the information of the other witness, and an examination, of the entries and surveys on the books of the principal surveyor, he was induced to change his opinion. It is also in proof.that the plaintiff and the last mentioned witness, in searching for O'Neal's entry, claimed 4 difibrent creek as being the third, and directed the survey to be commenced from it. If, then, a locator and deputy surveyor, who had meandered the Ohio, and designated'Muddy Creek as the "tird,and had so considered it for nearly ten years, it is surely a strong circumstance to show negatively, that Cross Creek was not in fact.numerically, nor by general reputation or notoriety, considered as "the third creek." If an examination of the records in the principal surveyor's office would shew that the streams were designated and numbered differently, it was incumbent on the party to exhibit at least so much thereof as would conduce to prove the fact. It is incompetent to prove it by parol.
Upon mature consideration of the whole case, it is the unanimous opinion of the Court, that the decree of the Circuit Court be
Affirmed with costs,

1822.
watts
V. I

212
182..
Hoofnagle
V.
Anderson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT (LOCAL LAW. CnArcsnY.j

HOOFNAGLE and Others v. ANDERSON.

A patent is a title from its date, and conclusive against all those whose rights did not commence previous to its emanation.
Courts of equity consider an entry as the commencement of title, and will sustain a valid entry against a patent founded on a prior dofcctive entry, if issued after such valid entry was made.
But they never sustain an entry made after the date of the patent. This case attempted to be taken out of the general rule, upon the
ground that the equity of the party claiming under the entry commenced before the legal title of the other party was consummated. But the circumstances of the case, and the equity arising out of it, were not deemed by the Court sufficient to take it out of the general rule.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio.

Feb. 2 . This cause was argued by Mr. Scott and Mr. Doddridge for the appell nts, and by Mr. Talbot and 114r. Brush for the respondent.

MTarch 2d.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi-
nion of the Court. This suit was brought by the appellants, who were
plaintiffs in the Circuit Court for the District of Ohio, to obtain a decree for the conveyance of a tract of land of which the respondent ha ,the legal title.
The land lies within the tract of country reserv-
'ed by the Commonwealth of Virginia, out of her tession to the United States for the officers and sol-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

213

diers of the Virginia Continental line. The respondent's patent is dated on the 9th day 'of October, 1804, and is founded on a warrant for milit~ry services, issued from the land office of Virginia, to Seymour Powell, heir of Thomas Powell, on the 19th day of May, 1783, which was entered in the office of the principal surveyor on the 16th of June, 1790, and was surveyed on the 30th of October, 1796. The survey was assigned for a valuable consideration to the appellee, in whose name the patent was
issued.. The entry under which the plaintiffs claim was
not made till the 28th day of May, in the year 1806; and was consequently eighteen months posterior tothe emanation of the defendants grant. They insist, however, that this grant ought not to stand in their way, because it was ebtained contrary to law, being founded on a warrant, which was issued by fraud or mistake.
It is admitted, that the service of Thomas Powell was performed in the State, and not in the Continental line of Virginia; consequently, the recital of his military service is erroneous. The warrant ought to have been for services in the State, instead of the Continental line. How far the patent ought to be affected by this error is the question on which the cause depends.
It is obviously the error of the Register.of the land bffice, because the certificate on which the warrant issued states the service correctly. There can be no ground for suspecting, that any fraud is mingled
with this mistake. At the time the warrant was

1822.
H"o'ofa&g
%.

-214

CASES 1Y THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
v
Hoofaale
Anderson.

made out, its value was p'ecisely the same if for services in the State, as if for services in the Continen. tal line. The quantity of acres allowed, to the offi-
cer was the same; and precisely the same laud

was subject to be appropriated by each warrant. Virginia consideredthe services of the Continental and state officers as equally meritorious, and had equally rewarded them. There c6uld exist then no pos-
sible motive for the erroneous statement on the face of the warrant, that it was issued for services in the Continental instead of the State line. it was of no advantage to Seymour Powell, whose father had performed service which the law deemed a full consideration for a warrant of equal value with that which was given him by mistake.
This warrant was assignable, and carried with it no evidence of the mistake which had been committed in the office. It has been assigned for a valuable consideration, and the purchaser has obtained a patent for a part of it, without actual notice that there was any defect in the origin of his title. Should he lose this land his warrant is lost. There is no longer
any tract of country in which it can be located. The title of the respondent to the particular tract
included in his patent, was complete before that of the appellants commenced. It is not doubted that a patent appropriates land Any defects in the pteli-
inary steps, which are required by law, are cured' by the patent. It is a title from its date, and has always been held conclusive against all those whose rights did not commence previous to its emanation. Courts of equity have considered an entryas the corn-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

215

inencement of title, and have sustained a valid entry against a patent founded on a prior defective entry, ifissued after such valid entry was made. But they have gone no farther. They have never sustained an entry made after the date of the patent. They have always rejected such caims. The reason is obvious. A patent appropriates the land it covers; and that land, being no longer vacant, is no longer subject to location. If the patent has been issued iregularly, the government may provide means for repealing it; but no individual has a right to annul it, to consider the land as still vacant, and to appropriate it to himself.
The counsel for the appellants attempt to take this case our of the general rule, because their equity, they say, commenced before the legal title of the respondent was consummated, and their pre-existing rights were impaired by his intrusion into the military lands reserved for the Virginia Continental troops.
The officer under whom they claim had a right to elect among all the vacant lands in the reserved territory, and this right of election was narrowed by the respondent's patent.
This is a general indefinite equity, not applicable to one tract of land more than to another, and which has, perhaps, never been allowed under circumstaices resembling those which exist in the present case. It is a sciatillajuriswhich we should find much difficulty in supporting against a complete legal title founded on an original claim of equal merit of the same character. When it is recollected that, in their origin, these claims stood equal, and were equally

1822.
Hoofnagle
v

216
1822. Hoofvn-agle
V.
Anderson,.

CASES IN THE SUPI4EME COURT
capable of appropriating the same land, it might well be urged that the rights of the State officers were not sufficiently respected, when the legislature omitted to insert them, as well as their brethren of the
Continental line, in the reservation for military warrants; and that the mistake in the land office has only retained for Mr. Powell rights which he ought never to have lost. The act which authorizes surveys on the northwest side of the Ohio, on warrants granted to the officers and soldiers of' the Virginia Coittinental line, likewise authorized the surveying of those which had been granted to the, officers and soldiers of the State line. The laws granting these bounties, setting apart this tract of country, and authorizing these surveys, were public laws. They were known, or might have been known, to the government of the Union, when the cession was made and received. This right of election which the appellants would now set up against a. complete legal title, originated in them, and was
common to both parties. The equity of the one cannot be so inferior tothat of the other as to justify the Court in considering the patent of the one as an absolute nullity, in favour of the other who has attempted to appropriate tie same land after such patent had blen issued.
But this right of election, for which so much efficacy is claimed in this case, has some existence in the common case of treasury warrants. The holder of such warrant has a right to locate it on any land, and no land can be regularly patented unless it be first located and surveyed, If a survey be made on

OF THE UNITED STATES.

a place different from the entry, it is as if made with-

out an entry, and the hol-der of any other warrant

has a right to take the land. A patent for this land, not founded on a previous entry, narrows his right

of election ; yet it has always been held, that such

patent, though it must yield to a prior entry, would

hold the land against a subsequent entry. The en-

try, and not the warrant, has always been considered

as the commencement of title. - The principle is well settled, in other cases, that a

patent is 'unassailable by any title commenced after

its emanation; and we perceive no sufficient reason

against applying -the principle to this case.

It is contended, also, by the appellants, that as the

warrant refers to the certificate of the Executive, as

the authority on which it issued, it conveys notice

of the contents of this certificate to every purchaser.

But this reference to the certificate of the executive

appears on the face of every warrant, and contains

no other information than is given by law. The law

requires this certificate as the authority of the Regis-

ter. Itis considered as a formal part of the warrant.

These warrants are, by law, transferrable. They

are proved by the signature of the officer, and the

seal of office. This signature and this seal are con-

sidered as full proof of the rights expressed in the

paper. No inquiry is ever made into the evidence

received by the public officer. If the purchaser of

such a paper takes it subject to the risk of its having

issued erroneously, there ought to be some termina-

tion to this risk. We think it ought to terminate

*hen the warrant is completely merged in a patent,

VoL. VII.

28

1822.
H'o-o' fnagle
V.
Anderon.

1822.
BBrown
v. Iaokson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and the title consummated without having encountered any adversary claim.
The title under this warrant was considered in the case of Miller v. Kerr and Ohers.a In that
case, the claimant under Powell had the junior patent, and the Court thought that the equity growing out of a prior entry might be rebutted by the person holding the legal title, by showing any defect in that equity; but nothing was said in that case which indicates an opinion that a complete legal title might be overthrown by an entry made after the consummation of that title.
Decree affirmed with costs.

BROWN and Others v. JACKSON.

The decisions of the board of Commissioners under the acts of Congress providing for the indemnification of claimants to public lands in the Mississippi Territory, (commonly called the Yazoo lands,) are con. clusive between the parties in all cases within the jurisdiction of the
Commissioners. This determination reconciled with that of the Court in Brown v. Gil.
man, ante, Tol. IV.p. 255.

Appeal from the Circuit Court of New-York. This suit was brought in consequence of the deci.. sion of this Court in the case of Brown v. Gilman,

a Awrte. p. I-

8 Ante, vol. IV. p. 255.

1822.
BBrown
v. Iaokson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and the title consummated without having encountered any adversary claim.
The title under this warrant was considered in the case of Miller v. Kerr and Ohers.a In that
case, the claimant under Powell had the junior patent, and the Court thought that the equity growing out of a prior entry might be rebutted by the person holding the legal title, by showing any defect in that equity; but nothing was said in that case which indicates an opinion that a complete legal title might be overthrown by an entry made after the consummation of that title.
Decree affirmed with costs.

BROWN and Others v. JACKSON.

The decisions of the board of Commissioners under the acts of Congress providing for the indemnification of claimants to public lands in the Mississippi Territory, (commonly called the Yazoo lands,) are con. clusive between the parties in all cases within the jurisdiction of the
Commissioners. This determination reconciled with that of the Court in Brown v. Gil.
man, ante, Tol. IV.p. 255.

Appeal from the Circuit Court of New-York. This suit was brought in consequence of the deci.. sion of this Court in the case of Brown v. Gilman,

a Awrte. p. I-

8 Ante, vol. IV. p. 255.

OF. -THE UNITED. STATES,
andfor the generalhistory of the facts, reference was made to that case.
The bill charged, -that on the 13th of. January, 1795, the State of-Georgia was seised in fee of.a certain territory within the boundarieg of said State, &c. estimated to contain 1,380,000 geres, and bourtded, -&.c; that on the same day, by force of in act pf the legislatme of said State, passed on.theo7th of January, 1795, George Matthews, the Governor, by lefters -patent, conveyed said territory to Nicholas Long and others, and-their associates, called the Georgia Alississippi Company, reserving 620,00 acres for the use of the citizens of Georgia; that afterwards, on the 20th of January, 1796, certain articles of agreement were made between the defendant Amasa Jackson and William Williamson,authorized bysaid Company, to sell-and George Blake and sundry persons, who became the New-England Mississippi Land Company ; that it was, stipulated in the said articles, that on or before the 12th of February, then next, said Jackson and Williamson shoidd fill up and complete to said B. and others, a deed of conveyance, (which had been executed by the G.M.Companyin Georgia,) of all the right and title of the G. M. Company, derived from the State of Georgia; that said Blake and others agreed by the articles to deliver their notes for thepayment of two-cents for each acre of land by them subscribed forprevious to the first of May, thbn next ; and for the further payment of one cent more for each acre, on or before the 1st of October, then next; and a further payment of two and a half cents per acre, within twelve months from said 1st of May ; and a further payment of two and a half cents, &c. on the 1st

219
1822. Brown
jacso'.

910

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182. of May, 1798;.and a further payment of two cents Smore, on the 1st of May, 1799; in the whole, ton
V. cents per acre, &c. And thereby it was agreed, that as Jacksm. soon as said deed should be prepared, &c. said deed

should be delivered by said defendant, Jackson, to some person appointed by said parties, to be held as an escrow, on condition that if the notes or moneys due on the 1st of May, should not be paid, the deed should be re-delivered, and the associates should not be liable for the failure of each other; but if the notes were paid, the deed should be delivered to said Blake, &c.who were then to be severally liable for their own notes. That on the 11th of February,
1796, said Blake and others entered into articles of
association, by the name of the N. E. M. L. Company,by which it was agreed that Leonard Jarvis, Henry Newman, and William Wetmore, should be a committee to receive a deed from the defendant Jackson, and William Williamson, of the said lands, belonging to the G. M. Company, for the use of the N. E. M. L. Company; and should execute to the several subscribers thereto, deeds of their respective proportions, to hold as tenants in common, and also, a deed of trust to trustees, &c. and a board of directors should be appointed ; and it was agreed the trustees should give each proprietor a certificate in the form, &Lew. hich should be complete evidence, &c. and transferrable by endorsement. And to carry such articles of agreement into effect, a deed of indenture. dated 1.3th of February, 1796, purporting to be made by said Long and others, of one part, and Wet-
more, Jarvis, and Newman, of the other, was executed, whereby they conveyed said territory, (excepting

OF THE UNITED STATES.

said 620.000 acres,) to said W., J., and N., and the survivor, in fee; and was delivered to G. R. Minot, as an escrow, with an endorsement. The first payment to be made on the 1st of May, aforesaid, was duly. made by every member, except, &c.; and the defendant Jackson, and Williamson, personally dolivered said deed to said grantees, and endorsed theron, &c."free of conditions." That priok to said .absolute delivery, to wit, on the 10th of December, 1796, an agreement of two parts was entered into between the associates of .the N. E. M. L. Company, and the defendant, Jackson, wherein it was agreed that certain proceedings of certain scrip-holders of the G. M.
Company, being also members of the N. E. M. L.
Company, so far, &c. should be void ; and that the assoeates of the N. E. M. L. Company should have no control over papers of the G. M. Company ; but would deliver to the defendant, Jackson, so many of their certificates or scrip, as amount to 103,480 acres,
computing the whole at 11,380,000, as an equivalent to the G. M. Company, for a loss by failure of Seth Wetmore, &c.subscriber for 100,000, who had not paid-said defendant, Jackson, to be accountable to said associates for such portion of Wetmore' notes, if recovered, as was equivalent to the debt assumed to be paid, i. e. 10,348 dollars; and thereupon said defendant, Jackson, should deliver said deed of conveyance absolutely,and within, &c. procure from the G. M. Company a confirmation, and deliver the same to said associates; and the defendant, Jackson, covenanted not to negotiate the notes until the confirmation was procured. And onthe 17th of February, 1797, said defendant, Jackson, delivered to Wet-

ia22.
1-B"rown V.
Jackson

2t2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

12.,
Brown
V.
Jdckson.

uore, Jarvis, and Newman, a deed of confirmation Sfrom Long.and others, reciting, &e.and ratifying said
deed of conveyance of"said tract of land, excepting
sjid 620,000 acres. That on the 28th of'February, f797, an* indenture of two parts, between Oliver Phelps and others, of the one part, and Jarvis, New-
man, and Hull, of the other, was made, wherein reoiting said conveyances, said associates conveyed to J. N., and.H., and survivor, to hold said land in trust, &c..according to articles of 'agieement, constituting the N. E. M. L. Company. That William Wet.more, Jarvis, and Newman, 'still retained their shires of said purrhase as subscribed) viz. : the said W. 900,000 acres, 'N. 2i000,000, and J. 0O,000, who,
to place their shares,in thesame condition, on 'the same Sth of Febiuary, 1797, bI deed~poll, -released to John Peck, their several proportions, being 3 4 0, ) 00in trust, to convey the same to J., N.0 and H., and survivor , to beheld by them in trust,for same uses as expressed in-deed of Issociates ; 'ahd on same day,-sad Peck conveyed the same land to said J.j N., andH., to be'hield accordingly; bj Which means J., N., and H.,' were seised of all'said tract; and H. the survivor, continued so, seised until'his deed'tb the United States. Ti'ustees.deliveredcertificates to the members of the-N. E, M. L. Company, expressing, &c. whereby each became entitled to an equitable interest in' his share.
That on th9' 31--(of March, 1814, tlie .Cngress of the UnitedSlat s passed'an act for the indemnifica-
tion of claim'hnts of public land in the Mississippi Territory, &c.by which act, 1,550,000 were appropri-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ated for persons claiming under the G. M. Company. That on the 25th of January, 1815, Congress made a supplementary act, appointing a board of Commissioners, instead of the first, to meet on the 4th Monday of January, &c. That on the 3d of March, 1815, Congress, passed another act, &c. providing that in certain cases, the Commissioners might allow further time, not over two -months from the 3d Monday in March, and to adjust all such claims as should be, or might have been released, &c. within the time limited ; and empowering the President to issue certificates for decided claims. That on the 18th of January, 1814, the Members of the N. E. M. L. Company authorized their directors to release to the United States the whole claim of said company, under the act of Georgia, and required the trustees to execute deed, &c. ; and certificates to be recei'ed therefor from the United States, should be held by the Treasurer, to be disposed of by order of the directors for the use of the claimants. And on the 24th of November, 1814, W. Hull, sole surviving trustee, made a deed polI to the U. S. releasing, &c. territory described, being the same conveyed'by Georgia, as aforesaid, and on the 25th of January, took the oath. And .that the directors on the 7th of December, 1814, made their deed poll, releasing all-right of said company and the members thereof, to said land ; also, all claim to money, &c. to the United States, in fee.
The said directors conformed in all things, &,c and became entitled to the whole indemnity, provided, &c. amouniing to 1,550,000. Nevertheless. said Commissioners did decree that certain in-

23
1822.

224

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Browva
,.
Jackson.

dividuals holding scrip under the.N. E. M. L, Com-
pany, to the aLmount of 2,795,017 acres in al), whQ personally applied to said Commissioners,. among whom was said defendant, Jackson, who (sid Jack-

son) held scrip to the amount of 691,677 acres, should receive their indemnity directly, without permitting the same to go, through.the hands of the di. rectors, &c. ; and said individuals have received their severfl proportions accordingly,_estimating the.samo at S 13 62'cents per acre, deducting a certain sum for expenses. Whereas said Commissioners did not estimate said expenses correctly, by a sum exceeding 7000 dollars, and no provision was made to compel said ;ndividuals to contribute to future expenses, or any subsequent diminution of the remaining amoint of indemnity, as hereafter stated, which reduces the amount to more than two'cents per acre less than the amount received by said individuals. Commissioners did secondly decree that indemnity upon 967,600 acres, amounting, at the rate of B13 62 cents, to g130,425 12 cents, should be deducted from claims, by the N. E. M. L. Company, on account of certf. cgtes issued to itsmembers, who appearedto be in default inpayment ofpurchasemoney to the G. M. Compaay; and determined said certificates to be bad, and the parties claiming under them not entitled to indemnity ; and allowed said sum of. 130,426 12 cents, to be issued to the defendant, Jackson, for the benefit of himself and the other members of the Georgia Mississippi Company, or to him for his own benefit, or on pretence that he was entitled to it as being a
creditor of said G. M. Company, whereby manifest

OF THE UNITED STATES.

injustice was done to the N. E. M. L. Company,

because:-

(1.) No deduction was made or allowed by the Commissioners from the said sum of #130,425 12

cents for expenses incurred in managing the affairs of

said company. (2.) It appears among the notes exhi-

bited by the said Jackson, as given for purchase mo-

ney to the G.M. Company,-on which indemnity was

claimed as unpaid, there were certain notes of said

Seth Wetmore, for 25,7.60 dollars, which, at the rate

of ten cents, would have been the price of 257,600

acres ; whereas, in truth, said Wetmore was pur-

chaser for 100,001) acres, and no more, as appears by

his originaldeed, so that the greatest part of said

notes must have been given for other consideration.

(3.) It appears by the decrees, indemnity was allow-

ed to Jackson for 957,600 acres, and by certificates

filed by the Commissioners, that there issued certifi-

cates to individuals fok 2,795,017 acres; and by cer-

tificates issued to other original purchasers, and deli-

vered by the plaintiffs to the Commissioners, that

there is still 7,734,983 acres entitled to indemnity

uider said acts. But these quantities amount to

11,487,600 acres, which is 107,600 acres more than

the whole purchase of 11,380,000; so that 107,600

acres too much have been allowed to the said

Jackson, even upon the principles of the Com-

missioners, amounting at the rate of # 13 62 cents

per acre, to $14,655 12 cents. (4.) The Com-

missioners were wrong in determining, that per-

sons claiming under certificates of purchasers who

had not- paid, should lose their indemnity. One

VOL. VII.

29

225
1822. Brown
V. Jadmon

226
1822.
Brown
V. Jackson.

CASES IN THE SUPRFIME COURT
Mary Gilman, holder of three scrip certificates, under the N. E. M. L. Company for 20,000 acres each, the same having been issued to R. Williams, and endorsed, he being assignee aud grantee of William
Wetmore, an original purchaser in default, whose unpaid notes were before the Commissioners, as appears by the 3d decree, which notes entered into the reason of deducting from indemnity to said Jackson, exhibited to the Circuit Court of the U. S. for Massachusetts District, her bill in, equity ; and recovered for the whole. amount of her claim against the plaintiff, without deducting on account of the proportion of indemnity she might be entitled to claim of individuals who received indemnity in person, which decree was affirmed in the Supreme Court. By reason of all which, the plaintiffs were entitled to recover of Jackson the whole $1 ,10, 495 ; also, his proportion of the expenses of said Company, since said decrees were made, including said $7000 as aforesaid, and also, the costs recovered by M. Gilman, and all future expenses. The bill further stated, that the defendant, Jdckson, ought to deliver all the stock or indemnity of said 1,5b0,000 dollars, excepting thereout so much as he is entitled t9, as holder of scrip under the N. E. M. L. Company.
The defendant (Jackson) in his answer; ad (fitted the several conveyances set forth in the bill, and that the Commissioners, by first decree, decreed to reserve indemnity upon 691,677 acres on account of scrip of the N. E. M. L. Company, then in the hands of the defendant, and did so reserve it'; but avers the truth to be,that neither he, nor any other person in his stead, or by his direction, received any part of indemnity for

OF THE UNITED STATES.
claimants under the G. M. Company. That the eertificates of thie N, E. M. Land Company came to his hands as follows: at the time of maturity of several of the notes, such notes being dishonouted, or the parties being insolvent previous to maturity, they proposed to defendant (who agreed) to pay such notes by certificates of the N. E. M. L. Company; that accordingly, scrip, to the amount of 691,677 acres,, was delivered to him, and notes to equal amount were given up by .defendant, and that he never had any other certificates of the N. F M. L. Company, and,these have been given up to the Commissioners, and appropriated by them to account of the G .M. Company. Admitted-that Commissioners deducted from indemnity awarded to the individuals a sum astheir proportion of expenses of the N. E. M. L. Company; but avers, that said N. E. M. L. Company -produced statements, and litigated before the Commissioners as to such expenses, and such sum as was allowed, was allowed after deliberation: but insisted, that the decree as to expenses is conclusive as to the amount, and that any portion of any extra expenses could not be recovered of him ; and that no deduction or provision for payment offuture expenses ofthe N. E. L L. Company, oughtto have been made. Commissioners awarded that, indemnity upon 957i600 acres, amounting to 1130,425 12 cents, should be deducted from the whole amount claimed by said N. E. M. L. Company, on account of certificates issued by the Company to purchasers who were in default of payment to the G. M. Company ; that they determined such scrip Void, and parties claiming under it

227 182L
Bro," JactmOu.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
'-ceive
Brown
v.
Jackson.

should lose indemnity: but avers he did not recertificates for said # 130,424 12 cents, on be-
half of the G. M. Company, or himself, as such member ; on the contrary, he was not then a member
thereof, and never received any part of indemnity or certificates therefor, saveforthe amountfounddue him for the balanceofhis account with the G. M. Company, as theiragent; That, as to said award, there remained, at the time it passed, unpaid notes of members of the N. E. M. L. Company, given for purchase money to the amount of $96,760, and the indemnity of $130,421 26 cents, was ordered on account of such unpaid notes : that he delivered up said unpaid notes, being required soto do ; that the said Company contested the allowance, and are concluded by the decree. That, after said decrees, deducting the amount of the unpaid notes, and also the amount of scrip of said Company, taken in payment of other notes, and held by defendant as aforesaid, the members of the Company, separately and individually, according to their shares, did apply to the Commissioners, and received certificates entitling them to the indemnity. That the Commissioners made no allowance on said $130,425 12 cents, on account of expenses incurred by plain-
tiffs in managing the affairs of the Company, and insists they did right, and their decree is conclusive.
That it appeared from the schedule to the articles of agreement between him, Williamson, and Blake, of 26th January, 1796, that Seth Wetmore subscribed for only 100,000 acres. That between the date of said agreement, and the complete delivery of said notes to him, many changes were made in the amounts and purchasers from those in the schedule:

OF THE UNITED STATES.
that it appears by an account of said notes and scrip, kept by the-defendant, (a true copy of _part whereof was annexed) that defendant received from Seth and Samuel Wetmore, notes to the amount of #25;760 together with scrip of Company, to amount of $11,740 making.$37,500, which is the purchase money of 375,000 acres, and therefore'Sethand Samuel were interested in the purchase to that amount. 'Whether notes were made jointly by them, or as principal and endorser, could not answer, but believes jointly, because, iii said amount in other instances he distinguished whether drawers or endorsers. That he took an oath before Commissioners, that said notes were not taken on any other account than purchase money of said land. And avers the same in answer ; and therefore whether Seth or Samuel were joint drawers, or one drew and the other endorsed, or were reciprocally drawers and endorsers for each's part, or whether Seth was really interested to the amount of the notes, cannot answer; but insists, that being in his hands, and given for no other Consideration, whether given for his own interest or-thatof another, was immaterial, and the decree was right. That, after passing the first decree, defendant was summoned as witness before the Board, and required to deliver up all vouchers, papers, notes, scrip, and accounts, touching purchase by the N. E. A. L. Company; he complied, and the Commissioners stated an account between him and the G. i. Company, leaving a balance of # 24,631 90 cents, in his favour. In stating the account, the G. M. Commissioners credited the N. E. M. L. Company with the total amount of sales to, the Company, de-

229
18. B
Y.

230
1822. "]B'row'n
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ducting a number of acres of W. Williamson, and debited the Company thus; (1.)For 292 full scrip of siid Company, which scrip was received by defendant, in payment for part of the purdhase money, engaged
to be paid by members ofthe N. E. M. L. Company; and it having depreciated in consequence of the repeal of the act of Georgia, and purchased by the meribers of the N. E. L. M. Company, at a low price, was received in payment as aforesaid, by defendant, at their original value. (2.) For amount of unpaid notes, as delivered to Commissioners. (3.) For said Company's proportion of loss on notes of members of the N. E. M. L. Company, consequent to compromise, to which he was compelled by said Tepeal, nine-tenths of which loss only was charged .to said Company, the other upon defendant's commissions. (4.) For amount of scrip of N. E. M. L. Company, delivered up t6 Commissioners. (5.) For commissions at 10 per cent. on sales to the N E. M. L. Company ; and that the Commissioners by decree (copy exhibited) awarded said balance to defendant, and issued to him a certificate for so much indemnity; which sum was the ;vhole amount of the indennity received by defendant, or any other person for him on his own account, or the account of any persons or company whatever. Insisted, that said decree is wholly irreversible; and defendant having received the amount of indemnity, as agent of the G. M. Company, could notbecalled upon to account to complainants. Admits that indemnity was reserved upon 957,600 acres, on account of notes unpaid, but never allowed to defendant, as stated in bill. Avers the same was the true amount of unpaid notes. That according. to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

schedule annexed to bill of certificates surrendered 1822.

by individuals, it is certified that the total amount so surrendered was upon 2,795,017 acres ; but whether said schedule is a true list, or whether the amount

Brown
V
Jackson.

stated is the true amount, defendant is ignorant.

As to the amount of certificates by members repre-

sented.by complainants, defendant is ignorant ; but

avers, there was no allowance to him, nor was there

a reservation of indemnity for 107,600 acres too

much, but the excess (if any) between the total

amount of acres reserved for individuals, or for un-

paid notes, together with the amount represented by

plaintiffs, and the original purchase, is owing to

error in amount surrendered by individuals, or the

amount represented by plaintiffs.

Edward Stow, a witness examined on the part of

the plaintiff, testified, that the agent of the Georgia

Mississippi Company, and'the membefs of the N. E.

M. L. Company, agreed, that the deed of the land

purchased of the former, should remain, for certain

purposes, an escrow; and on the failure of Seth

Wetmore, to pay his notes of 0 10,000 for his 100,

0r0 acres of land, the defendant, Jackson, as agent

of the G. M. Company, declined delivering said deed

to the N. E. M. L. Company, unless they would

agree to deliver him, or some other agent of the G. MX.

Company certificates for 103,480"acres, in the stock

of tie N. E. M. L. Company; and in consequence

thereof, they entered into a contract with the defen-

dant, Jackson, on the 10th of December,1796, to de-

liver to him, or some other such agent, said certifi-

cates ; hut, as they have never been demanded, the

certificates have never been issued. In said contract

232
1822.
Brown
v.
ackson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the defendant, Jackson, stipulated to account with the N. E. M. L. Company, for such sums as he might recover from the notes. The amount of the expenses incurred by the Company, when the directors' accounts were exhibited to the Commissioners, in 1815, was, in Mississippi stock, $153,030 90, and in
specie, $20,744 36; but $1,500 was by them deduct-
ed from the last sum, which.had been charged to support the future expenses of the Company. In part of such expenses, in Mississippi stock, the Cov-n pany received from their agents, on account of the proportionate part thereof, due from the proprietors who surrendered individually their certificate to the Commissioners, $36,355 22-100, 10- 100, in certicates of that stock ; and for the debt incurred in specie, $4,688 26, in spbcie. Seth Wetmore, in and by the contract of the 26th January, 1896, betwehn the defendant, Jackson and Williamson, agents of the G. M. Company, of the one part, and the N. E. M. L. Company, of the other part, signed and executed the same, as proprietor of 100,000 acres of land, in said Company, and no more ; and a deed was executed to him by the Committee of the Commissioners for t'at number of acres : and he appeared, by the records and books thereof, to be a proprietor of that number, and no more. The number of certificates, on which the indemnity was received from the Commissioners, by individual proprietors of the Company, was 269, and the number of acres, 2,795,017. The whole number of acres of land, in the N. E. M. L. Company, was 11,380,000; the indemnity on 957, 600 acres of whjich was awarded to Jackson and others, being g150,445 12. The indemnity on

OF THE UNITED STATES

M

2,795,017 acres was awarded to certain proprietors of

the Company, who surrendered their certificates in-

dividually, being 380,681 31-100 54-100. The in-

demnity on the remaining 7,627,383 acres was atvard-

ed to the N. E. M. L. Company, being 1,038,849,

56-100 46-100 ; which was on 107,600 acres less

than it was entitled to, as the number of acres held

by the proprietors represented by the directors, was

at the time said awards were made, and now is,

7,734,983 acres; and there could be no error

in the number, as, the books have been regularly

kept. The witness being interrogated whether

among the notes surrendered to the Commissioners

by defendant, there were any notes of Seth Wet-

more: answers, that at the request of the directors, the

Secretary of the Commissioners at Washington had

transmitted to them copies often notes, amounting to-

gether to $25,760, signed by Seth and Samuel Wet-

more; and it was understood from him that they

made a part of the notes presented by the defendant,

Jackson, to the Commissioners, and represented by

him to have been unpaid by the signers of them ; but

whether the notes were received by any members of

the N. E. M. Land Company, in payihent of the land

they purchased of the G. M. Company, the depo-

nant could not answer. The expenses of the N. E.

M. L. Company, since its accounts were exhibited to

the Commissioners, exceed #4000, and are daily. ac-

cumulating. Besides, the members of the Company

represented by the directors, have been obliged to

pay upwards of $80,000 in Mississippi stock, out of

their own indemnity to the holders of the certificates

Voi. VIT.

30

18U. V.
Jack-.n,

234
,1822. BacrVo.wn

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in the Company which were considered bad by the
CoBmeminigssicornoessrs-e. xamined, the witiness stated, that S. Dexter and B. Joy appeared before the Commission-
ers as agents of the N. E. M. L. Company, and exhibited the accounts of ihe Company, showing the amount of the expenses incurred in the pursuit of its claims, and endeavoured to obtain a full proportion of the said expenses from the individual proprietors who had surrendered their scrip, but did not succeed in this endem our; as in the apportionment of the expense, a manifest error was commi(ted, it being apportioned on 11,330,000 acres, when it ought to have been apportioned on 11,580,00 minus 957,609 acres, viz. on 10,422,400 acres ; the Commissioners exempting the indemnity awarded to the defendant, Jackson, and others, oni account of the said 957,600 acres, from the payment of any part of the expenses incurred by the Company. The witness repeated the same statement respecting the proprietary interest of Seth Wetmore, as is contained in his direct examination, with this addition, that Wetmore signed the deed of trust to the trustees of the Company, as a proprietor therein, of 100,000 acres only, and does not appear to have been a proprietor in, the Company at any time, in his own name, nor jointly with Samuel Wetmore, or any.other person, for more than said 100,000 acres of land therein, which was in -his own name only. Nor does it appear by the records 6f the Company that Samuel Wetmore in his own name, or jointly with.any other person, was ever

OF THE UNITED STATES. "
a proprietor, directly or indirectly, of the Company, for any land therein.
A decree was'entered in the Court below dismissing the plaintiff's bill,proforma,by consent, and the cause was broughi by appeal to this Court.

235
18..
V.
Jacimm

Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the- respondent, argued, Fob. 19Lh. (1.) That there was .a defect of parties tothe suit, both plaintiffs and defendants. There is no express averment that the plaintiffs are the present directors of the N. E. Mississippi Land nompany. Nor are the plaintiffs trustees in the view of a Court of equity, nor the cestui que trusts. There is no example of an agent filing a bill, in his own.name, for the benefit of his principal. The release to the United States, under the act of Congress, left the property a personal fund. The assbciation has thdn become a mere partnership, 'and all the partners must be before the Court.a So also as to the defendant; he is a mere agent of the Georgia Mississippi Company. His principals ought therefore to be made parties defendants: and if it be insisted that the defendant is personally liable as having receiyed money to the use of the plaintiffs, an action at law would lie for money had and received. (2.) Even if all the proper parties were now before the Court, the decrees of the Commissioners, acting within the sphere of their authority, would be conclusive. In the former decision of this Court connected with the same
a 2 Bro. Ch. Cas. 331.

Mae
1822.
Brown-
V. Jackso.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
subject, the true distinction is stated that, as to the party there suing, and as to the subject matter of that suit, the decrees of the Board were res inter alios acta.a But here the case was within their jurisdic-
tion under the very terms of the act of Congress; the same parties were heard before them, as to the same controversy ; and it would overthrow all sound principles to permit their decision to be attacked ,either directly or collaterally.
Mr. Webster, contra, insisted, (L.) That the plaintiffs were sufficiently described in the bill as directors, and that it was'within the discretion of a Court of equity, where the parties were numerous, to permit some to sue for all. Such is the practice in the familiar case of parishioners, societies, commercial companies, and others of the-kind. But here the plaintiffs are trustees of the fund which has been produced by selling the land. Besides, the equity jurisdiction of the Federal Courts would be imperfect, and incompetent to the purposes of justice, unless parties merely formal were dispensed with. As all the parties on one side, must be citizens of one State, and all the parties on the. other side, citizens of another, this Court has held that the Circuit Court may dispense with merely formal parties, wherever the real merits of the cause can be determined, without essentially affecting the interest of absent persons.b (2.), The plaintiffs are not concluded by the decrees of the Commissioners. The former decision of this
a Brown v. Gilman, 4 Wheat. Rep. 255. S. C. I M.ason, 191. b Russell v. Clark's Ex'rs, 7 Cranch. 98.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Court proceeded entirely upon the ground, that their decrees were not conclusive, and it cannot be reconciled to the notion of their conclusiveness.' Sesides, an accurate examination of the acts. of Congress will show that the present case was not within the jurisdiction of the Commissioners. Here the learned counsel entered into a minute analysis of the statutes, in order to support this position.

i 8n.
Brorm
v. .

Mr. Justice LiVINGSToN delivered the opinion March 5th. of the Court.
This suit was commenced in the Circuit Court for the Southern District of New-York, where a decree, pro forma, was pronounced dismissing the bill, from which sentence the present appeal is taken.
From the very great and unusual length of the appellants' bill, and the generality of its prayer,
which points to no particular relief, it is not easy to say to what extent they originally contemplaten a decree against the respondent.
The material facts of this case are the same with those in the case of Brown v. Gilman, (4 Wheat. Rep. 2b5.) In addition -to the detail there given it appears that Jackson, who had been agent of the Georgia Company, had in hispossession on the 29th of June, 1815, certificates of the New-England Company, to *the extent of 691,677 acres which came into-his hands as follows: Several of-the notes which'had been givei ny members of the New-Englaid Company being dishonoured, or the parties in-

,

.a Brown v. Gilman, 4 Wheat. Rep. 255.

1822.

'

-

"B.

Jackson.

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT
solvent, it was proposed by them to Jackson, and acceded to by him, as agent as aforesaid' that such notes should be returned to the mikers, on their transferring to him an equivalent amount in lands
of the scrip. -or tertificates of the'New-England Company ; such certificates were accordingly transferred to him, i'or the number of acres just mentionedd, whereupon notes equal' in value, computing tho land at ten cents per acre, were delivifred up by Jackson. For-this number of acres ah indemnity was reserved by the first decree of the Commissioners, out of the whole indemnity -claimed by hb NewEngland Company, no part of which- appears. ever toh*ave been received by Jackson as 'a peisdn entitled to any portion. of the indemnity, as sutih tn indemnity was also, reserved for the 'certifichtes in the New-England Company, issued to such purchasers as appeared not to.have paid the purchase money to the 'Georgia Cbmpapk; The deduction' on this account from the indemnity awarded to the N ew-England'Compaqy, amounted to 13,420'doljars and 12 cents, and was'made because-the Commissioners were -of opinion that such certificates were void, and that the parties claiming under them should lose their indemnity ; or, in other words, that the Georgia Company had a lien to that extent on the lands which had been sold to the New-England Company.
It appears, further, that neither Jackson, nor any one for him, ever did receive ceitificates for the said sum of 130,425 dollars and 12 cents, nor for any part thereof, on behalf of the said Georgia Company,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
or any of them, or for himself, he not being then a member thereof; and that he never didi at any time whatever, receive any part or portion of the indemnity provided by Congress, nor certificates for any portion thereof, save for the amount due to him on the balance of his account as agent for the Georgia Company, vhich was settled by the Commissioners at 24,831 dollars 90 cents ; that for .the amount allowed to the Georgia Company as an equivalent for the unpaid notes aforesaid, and also for the scrip taken back by Jackson, as agent as aforesaid, in payment of other notes, the members of that Company who were entitled td the sums so deducted did separately apply to, and did receive from, the Commissioners, certificates entitling them to their respective proportions of the indemnity so awarded in their favour; and that the notes before mentioned, and the scrip received in lieu of those which were given up, were by the Commissioners' orders delivered by Jackson into their hands.
This suit appears to have been suggested by the j9 dgment of this Court in the case of Brown v. Glman; and a belief on the part of the plaintiffs, that Jackson had received the whole sum of 130,425
dollars 12 cents, awarded to the Georgia Mississippi Land Company, on account of the notes which had been given to them, by the members of the NewEngland Land Company, and which remained unpaid by them, and also, the indemnity for the
691,677 acres aforesaid. Although there be uo specific prayer in the bill to have these sums decreed to the complainants, it is difficult to perceive any

259
1822.
]Brown
V.
T kw

240

CASES IN.THE SUPREME COURT

1822. other adequate Ojects of litigation between these parties. As these grounds of relief were not much
v. insisted on- at the bar, the C3durt might be jubtilied in considering them as abandoned, and pass at once to a~aexaminatibn of the appellatits' tiile to the whole or any part-of the suw which was awarded to the respondqnt, and received by, him as agent of the. Georgia Mississippi' Company. But as all the f~cts.which exist hi the case are probably before us, and,,as'the appellants may expect an opinion oq, the whole Qf thii 'bill, which may' also' preyelt tuWturf litigation not only 'between the parties now here, but between the appllants and the Georgia Company, and the individual members of thdse two
Decisions of Companies, it may be useful to inquiie whether the,
the Commis- .
Ph-ow, appellants have any remedy either against Japjrsoq,
or the members of the Georgia Cbmpany, collebtively, or in'di~idually, in consequence of any alleged mistake in distribution or apportionment of the sulm allowed by'government, for the indemnification of claimawts of public land in the Mississippi Territory. A proper decision of this question will depend not so much on an examination of the correctness of the several acts and doings of the Commissioners, as of the pow ers conferred on them by law:. for as no appeal is given by any of the acts of Congress on this subject, to any other tribunal, and as all the parties concerned have submitted to their jurisdiction, this Court claims no right to review or disturb any judgment or decision, in any of the cases in which they
hare acted, within the authority delegated to them. Considering, indeed, the very, great inconveniences

-OF THE UNITED STA'E.8.

,whjch would result'from a.different course, and the -ftuitful source of litigation, -which would be opened -between the parties whose rights have heen settled

-by them, if their decision were nQt conclusive, the.

,Court would feel reluctant, unless in a very clear

.ese, to say that they had transcended the limits

,prescribed them by the legislature.

The first law'on this subject is that of the 31$t of March'i814. By this act, it is declared, thaE

-every person, or persons,. claiming public lands under

the act of the State of-Georgia, passed 7th of Janua-

ry, 1795, who taive exhibited-te evidence of their

claims, to the Secretary of State, conformable to a

preceding act of -Congress, shall be allowed until

.the first Monday of January then next, to deposit in

his 6fafice a:sufficient legal release of all such claim

Qr claims to the Unaited States, and the Secretary of

State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the At-

torney General of the United States, for the time being, were thereby constituted a board of Com-

,missioners to adjudge and determine upon th.e suffi-

ciency .of such reldmes, and also, to adjudge and

final. determine upon all controversie s arising from

such claims so released, which might be found to

conflict with, and to, be adverse to, each other. On

the=.2d of January, 1815, a supplemental act was

passed, by which the President of the United- States was authorized, by and with the advice and consent

of the Senate, to appoint three persons to act as

Commissioners under the former law, in place of the two Secretaries and the Attorney General, who

. were to execute all the powers.granted to, and tp

VOL. VII.

31

18z2.
V. Jackon.

242

CASES IN TIlE SUPREME COURT

1822. perform all the duties enjoined upon, the original

Brown SBoard

of Commissioners. The persons thus ap-

V. pointed were, from time to time to certf, and re-

port to the President of the United States, as to tile sufficiency of the releases which should be made, and the claims which they should finally adjudge and allow. By a third act passed the 3d of March, 1816, the Commissioners are authorized to admit, and finally settle, all such claims as have been, or may be, within the time limited, duly released, assigned, and transferred to the United States. And the President is authorized, from time to time,,to cause to be issued, suich certificates of stock as are specified in the first act and the supplement thereto, to such claimant or claimants, whose claim may be decided and reported by the dommissioners, on receiving such report in relation to such claim from the Commissioners.
The Court will now proceed to examine those proceedings of the Commissioners, which are com-. plained of by the appellants, which, it is believed, will be found to be not only within the spirit, but

within the letter of the powers expressly delegated to them.
One ground of complaint is, that there was deduct-
ed from the indemnity allowed to the New-England Company, a sum equal in vale to 691,677 acres,
account of scrip of this company, then in the hands of the respondent, and which had been delivered to him in payment of notes which had been disbonoured, or the parties to which had become insolvent. It cannot be a question that the holders of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
these scrip, whether Amasa Jackson, the Georgia Company, or any other person, had as just and valid a claim, for the quantity, of land therein. mentioned) upon the indemnity set apart by Congress, as the
New-England Company would have had for the same scripif they had not been assigned to Jackson. Their returning to-the hands-of the original vendors, or their agent, could make no difference. 'The holder or holders, whoever they might be, could not but be regaraed withifi the obvious and plain meaning of the act of the 31st of March, 1814, as a person or persons having a claim on the lands in question; .and the Commissiorjers could ulot, without a violation of duty, have refused to take cognizance of it. -It might have been a question, whether the stock Which was the portion of the indemnity intended for the- Georgia Company, as the holder of these certificates, shbuld not have been transferred for their use, to the directors of the New-England Company ; that, however, was a subject on which the Commissioners were competent to decide,'as well as on the validity of the claim itself. Tiere is nothing in the conduct of the-Cbmmissioner; in this particular, inconsistent with the act under which they were sitting: on the contrary, the act appears to contemplate'a settlement by them of an-individual, as well as of a company or joint claim ; for the President is to issue certificates to such claimant or claimants, whose claim may be decided and reported by the Commissioners. All the Commissioners had to do was to decide on the validity of the claims, however subdivided, and to determine on the sufficiency of the release made by such

M4
1822.
Brown
Jadvme.dr.

244
1822. 'B.-.r'-own
v.
Jackson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUReT
claimant to the United States. The Court is, therefore, of opinion, that this claim was clearly within the jurisdiction of the Commissioners, and that their award on the subject is final and conclusive.
The next subjectof complaint in the appellants' bill, is the award of the.Commissioners, that the indemnity upon 9b7,600 acres, amounting to 130,425 dollars 12 cents, should be deducted from the amount claimed by the New-England Company, on account of certificates issued by that company to purchasers who. had not paid their notes to the Georgia Mississippi Company. These scrip the Commissioners determined to be void, and that the parties claiming under them should lose their indemnity. The Georgia Company, thinking they had a lien on the lands sold by them to the New-England Company, to the extent of the same thus unpaid, appear, as well as the New-England Company, as claimants before the Commissioners, who being of opinion that the former were entitled to the indemiityt pro taNto, decreed accordingly. A decision of. this question Was also clearly within the power of the Commissioners. The act made no distinction between an equitable or a legal claimant. To satisfy the words of the act, it was sufficient that both' parties were claimants, and if these claims. were found to tonfliet with, and to be adVerse to each other, as was the case here, the Commissioners were to adjudge, and finally to determine on them. On this point, also, the Court is of opinion that the decision of th-g ommissioneis, as between the NewEngland and Georgia Cbmpany must be re,tded as conlusive. Nor does this op'inion in ,niydgre
conflict, as has been"sApposed, with our decision ii.

OF THE .UNITED STATES2

WA

the case of Brown v. Gilman. It is true that the Court, in that case, did say, that the lands which had been granted to the New England Company were exempt from ,any lien of the Georgia Conpany, notwithstanding the non-payment of these notes, to which opinion it still adheres; it was not,

1822.
Browvn
JackVso.n.
decTishioen pno.tenint-
consitnt with that in Br in
v.COiman.

however, on that ground, or with any view of dis-

turbing the decision of the Commissioners, that it

decieed in favour of Mrs. Gilman. This decision

proceeded on the ground, not of an error in the Com-

missioners, but of a wrong done to Mrs. Gilman by

the New-England Company, in the distribution

which -they made of the indemnity awarded to them.

This Court thought that the sum deducted by the

Commissioners from the indemnity claimed by the

New-England Company, was chargeable on the

fund generally, and not individually on the share of

Mdrs.: Gilman. Her share was exempted from bear-

ing the whole of the loss, because, according to the

laws of the association ot the New-England Com-

pany, she had received a certificate which on its

very face purported to be, and was regarded as com-

plete evidence of title, whether the person from whom

she had purchased had paid his note or not. After

issuing to her a certificate in the form which had

been devised, in order to render them more valuable,

and to enable the holders the more easily to dispose

of their interest, the Court thought that whatever

the Commissioners might think proper to do, as be-

tween the two companies, the New-England Com-

pany was bound to let Mrs. Gilman in for a pro-

portion of the indemnity awarded to them. notWith-

1822.
o
V.
Jackson.

CASES IN THE. SUPREA4E COURT
standing. a failure of payment by any person under whom she claimed.
If the Court be correct thus far, there is an end of
every demand by the appellants on the respondent: for if the Commissioners had a right to make the deductions which they did from the indemnity claimed by the New-England Company, it can be of no importance to them how the stock, which has thus been deducted, has been disposed of. But even if the Commissioners had exceeded their authority, and improperly awarded the sums which they Oid to the Georgia Company, it would be difficult to afford the appellants any relief against the respondent. He has received nothing more than the sum awarded to him for his services as agent of the Georgia Company. Whether this am were too small or too large, is a matter between him and that Company; but it cannot here be a proper inquiry out of what fund it was paid. If any persons could be liable to the appellants for a mistake of the Commissioners, it ought to be shown in whose favour the deduction from the indemnity claimed by the New-England Company was made, and not those to whom the stock awarded to them may have been transferred, in satisfaction of the debt of the Company. This would be giving what the Court would not he disposed to do, even if the proceedings of the Commissioners were not conclusive to the New-England Company, a lien on the stock awarded to the Georgia Company, into whosoever hands it may be passed.
It is also stated in the bill, that 107,600 acres have been allowed to Jackson, which, even upon the prin-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

247

ciples established by the Commissioners, were too much, and that this sum amounted to 14,655 dollars 12 cents, and this sum it is alleged ought to be decreed to the appellant. It is a sufficient answer to
the allegation to say, that there is no proof of such allowance being made to-the respondent, and that his answer, which is uncontradicted, denies that he ever received it. As to the allegatiodi of his being liable for $1,163 90 cents, for his portion of expenses chargeable on his stock in the New-England Mississippi Land Company, and for the sum received as indemnity on Seth Wetmore's purchase beyond the amount of his notes, the same answer may be given. It does not appear that he ever was a member of the NewEngland Company ; and by his answer, which stands uncontradicted, the Court is informed that he never received out of the indemnity any other sum than the 24,831 dollars 90 cents, which was awarded to him
not as a member of either Company, but for his services as agent of the Georgia Mississippi Land Company.
The Court, however, does not mean to be understood as-saying, that the appellants, or those who re-
present the New-England Mississippi Land Company, may not have a remedy against the Georgia Mississippi Land Company for a contribution towards the loss which the former has sustained by the decreein favour of Mrs. Gilman, or for other losses of a similar nature. In this respect, as far as the indemnity extended which the latter received for the scrip which they held, byzheir agent, Jackson, tLey must he considere'-ais coming in und" tiie New-Egland

1822.
Brown
V. Jackson.
1aiitnto or
lhii njitti

248
182t. BBlunt's Lessee.
Ymb.

CASES IN THE SUPRtEME COURT
Company, and contribute with the othermembers -thereof,inmaking good what they may lose in consequence of the demands of individuals, who stand in the predicament of Mrs. Gilman, for their proportion of the indemnity actually awarded to those whosp certificates of land on the New-England Company were adjudged to be valid.
An objection was made by the respondent to the want of parties; but the conclusion to which the Court has come renders it unnecessary to give any opinion on this point. The Court, however, would have hesitated in making any decree -against Mr. Jackson in the absence of his principals in whose favour the award was made, and who ought, if its merits were examinable, to have been afforded an opportunity of vindicating the giounds on which it was made.
It is the judgment of this Court, that the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the appellants' bill, be affirmed with costs.
Decree affirmed with costs.

(LoCAL LAW.]
BLUNT'S Lessee v. SMITH and Others.,
The decision of the Court below, granting or refusing a motion for a new trial, is not matter for which a writ of error lies to this Couit.
In Kentucky and Virginia the rule is, that a Court of common law cannot look beyond the patent; but in Tennessee the Courts of law, under their construction of the land laws of North Carolina, permit tho parties in an ejectment to go back to the original entry, and connect the patent with it.

1822.
Bayley
V.
Greenleaf

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(CUANCnYr.]

BAYLEY v. GREENLEAF and Others.

The vendor of real property, who has not taken a separate security for the purchase money, has a lien for it, on the land, as against the vendee and his heirs.
This lien is defeated by an alienation to a bona jfide purchaser without notice.
Nor can it be asserted against creditors holding under a bona fide conveyance from the vendee.
Quere, Whether the lien can be. asserted against the assignees of a bankrupt, or other creditors coming in under the purchaser by act of law ?
The didwu of Sugden in his Law of Vndors, 364, examined, and qdestioned,

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of
Columbia. This suit was brought by the appellant in the Cir-
cuit Court, for the county of Washington, for the purpose of subjecting a tract of land, lying within that county, which was sold by the plaintiff, Bayley, to the defendant, Greenleaf, to the payment of so~much of the purchase money as still remains due. It appeared by the proceedings in the cause that in the year 1792 William Bayley, purchased from William B. Wor-

ing the plaintiff on a warrant for a contempt adjudged by the House See also the case of J. V. N. Yates, 4 Johns Rep. 317. Yates v. Lansing, 9 Johns. Rep. 395. Yates v. The People, 6 Johns. Rep. 337. Burdett v. Abbott, 14 East's Rep. 1. S. C. 5 Dow. Parl. Rep. 165,

OF TIHE UNITED STATES.

man, the land which is the subject of this suit, which he afterwards sold to James Greenleaf, to whom the title was made by Worman. A bond was given by Greenleaf to Bayley for the purchase money, which, in March, 1796, was surrendered to Greenleaf on his accepting hills drawn in .favour of Clement Biddle, for its amount. Some of these bills were alleged to be unpaid, and vere produced by the plainatffs.
Onthegoth day of September, 1796,James Greenleaf, being then greatly indebted, conveyed sundry estates, and among others, the land in controversy, to George Simson. in trust for the security of Edward Fox, who had entered into engagements for the said Greenleaf, to a very large -amount. The deed was also made to secure the said Fox for any further advances he might make to, or engagements he miaht enter into, on account of the said Greenleaf.
On the 23d ofMarch, 1797, George Simpson conveyed this land to the defendants, Pratt, Francis ancl others, as trustees f6r the usei and purposes mentioh ed in the deed from Greenleaf to Simpson. On the' 26th of June 1797, a general deed was made to the same persons by Robert Morris, John Nich-olson, and the sdid James Greenleaf, conveying to them the property mentioned in the deeds of the 30th of September, 1796, and of the 23d of March, 1797, with an immense mass of other property, for the payment of debts to a very great amount due from the said M. N. and G. which were enumerated in the said deed.
Some doubts having been entertained respecting the recording of these deeds, an attachment was sued

1822. Bayle'y
V. Greenleaf

CASES IN THE SUPREMTE COURT

1822.
s/
BaBylaeey
Greealeaf.

out by the trustees against the said Greenleaf, in the county in which the said lands then lay, on which judgment was obtained ont he 8th of February, 1798 ; and on the 28th day of the same month the land was sold
under thejudgment, purchased in for the trustees, and afterwards conveyed to them to the same uses and trusts as had been expressed in the original convey-
ajice by deed dated in 1803. In March, 1798, James Greenleaf took the benefit
of the insolvent law of the State of Pennsylvania; and
in November of the same year, he was also discharg-
ed tinder the insolvent law of the State of Maryland. In November 1803, he was declared a baikrupt under the laws of the United States. The plaintiff, William Bayley, also became a bankrupt under the laws of the United States in July, 1802.
The trustees alleged they had contracted to sell the land in controversy to James Greenleaf; but that he had not paid the purchase money, in consequence of which they retained the legal title.
This suit was brought in the year 1812, by Wil-
liam Bayley, and by James S. Morrell, as trusee for the creditors of the said Bayley, and executor of the original assignee of the bankrupt, who is dead.

Feb. I1h.

Mr. Law and Mr. Key, for the appellants, insisted that they had an equitable, subsisting, unwaived lien upon the land sold to the defendant, Greenleaf for the amount of the purchase money. The law on the subject has been settled by a long and uniform
current of decisions. The lien exists between vendor and vendee, and against subsequent purchasers

OF THE UNITED STATES.
from the vendee with notice that the money remains unpaid, unless the parties, by some unequivocal act, waive the lien.a it may also be asserted against purchasers, coming in by act of law, as assignees of a bankrupt, and against creditors claiming undler a conveyance for their-benefit : they are considered as volunteers.b Nor has the lien, in this case, been waived. Taking a covenant, bond, or note, is no waiver of the lien, if taken as a mode of payment, and not as a distinct security.c
Mr. Jontes, contra, contended, that under the circumstances of the present case, the lien could not be asserted against creditors taking a bonafide conveyveyance from the vendee. This is not a case where the party comes in by operation of law. A creditor, who takes a conveyance for the security of his debt, stands in equal equity with one who pays his money, and is equally a purchaser. The dictum of Sugden on this subject is not supported by the adjudged cases in England. or in this country. Besides, the alleged debt due from Greenleaf to Bailey never attached any equitable lien to the land ; Worman, and not Bailey, standing in the relation of vendor, and the true vendor being satisfied with the purchase money.

1822.
Be V'.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court, and after stating the facts, proceeded as follows:

a Brown v. Gilman, 4 M.eat. Rep. 255. and cases collected

in note a. lb. 292. 297.

b Sugd. Mend. 364. and the cases there cited. 2 .M1add. Ch.

105. Chapman v. Tanner, I Vern. %67.

c Sugd. Pend. 353. 1Sch. and Lefr. 105.

VOL. VII.

7

Feb teth

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18M.
' Bayley
V.
Greenleaf

In opposition to the claim of the plaintiffs, it is alleged by the defendants, that the debt of Bayley has been discharged. As they have not succeeded in supporting this allegation, it will be necessary to inquire
whether, in such a case as this, the plaintiffs can assert a lien on the land sold by Bayley to Greenleaf, for so much of the purchase money as remains due.
It is contended for the defendants, that as the legal title to the estate was never in Bayley, he never had a lien upon jt for the purchase money.
Upon this point, some difference of opinion exists in the Court ; and we pass it over without positively deciding it, for the purpose of inquiring, whether Bayley, supposing him entitled to the same rights as a vendor of the legal title, has now a lien on the
estate for the purchase meney. That a vendor, who has taken no other security
for the purchase money, retains a lien for it on the land as against the vendee, or his heirs, seems to be well settled by the English decisions. It is equally well settled, that. this lien isdefeated by an alienation to a purchaser without notice. How far ,it may be asserted against creditors, seems not so well settled, and constitutes the subject of inquiry in this case.
The lien asserted by the vendor is not disclosed by,.any information given by a record. In Chapman v. Tanner, (1 Vern. 267.) the Lord Keeper said, " In this case there is a natural equity that the land should stand charged with so much of the purchase money, as was not paid, and that without any special agreement for that purpose." In the case cited rom l 3ro. Ch. Ca. 420. the Chancellor says, "A bar-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

gain and.sale must be for money paid, otherwise it is- in trust for the .bargainor. If an estate is sold, and no part of the money paid, the vendee is a trustee ; them if part be paid, is it not the same as to that which is unpaidi"
But whether the lien of the vendor be established as- a-natural equity"' or from analogy to theprincipie that in a bargain and sale, the bargainor stands seised in trust for the bargainee unless the money be paid, still it is a secret invisible trust, known only to the vendor and vendee, and to those towhom it may b0 cimmunicated in fact. To the world the vendec. appears toF hold the estate, devested of any trusL whatever; and credit is given to him, in the confidence that the property is his own in equity, as well as law. A vendor relying upon this lien, ought to reduce it to a mortgage, so as to give notice of it to the world. If he does not, -he is, in some degree, accessary to the fraud committed on the public, by an act which exhibits the vendee as the complete owner of an estate on, which he claims a secret lien. It would seem inconsistent With the principles of equity, and with the generat spirit of our laws, that such a lien should be set up in a Court of Chancery, to the exclusion of bona fide creditors. The Court would require cases in which this principle is expressly decided, before its correctness can be admitted.
The counsel for the plaintiffs say, there are such cases; and cite the dictum of Sugden.in his Law of Vendors, and the cases he quotes in support of the position. , Mr. Sugden does indeed say, that persons coming

182.
Baypey
V.
Greenleaf.

52.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. ,inunder the purchaser by act of law, are bound by
Bayley Ian equitable lien, although they had no notice of its V. existence ; and he adds, that "creditors claiming un-
Greenleaf. eer a conveyance from the purchaser, are bound in

'like manner as assignees, because they stand in the same situation as creditors under a commission."
Mr. Iiladdock, who also recites the cases on this subject, says, that the vendor has a lien on the estate sold "as against the vendeejand his heir, and all persons claiming as volunteers, or purchasers for a valuble consideration, with notice." He adds, "nor does the bankruptcy of the vendee affect the lien of the vendor." But he does'not say, with Sugden, that " creditors claiming under a conveyence from the purchaser, are bound in like manner as assignees."1
This lien has not, we believe, been extensively recognized in the Courts of this country. In the case of Garson v. Green and others, (I Johns.Ch.Rep. 308.,) Mr. Chancellor KENT said, " the vendor has a lien on the estate for the purchase money while the estate is in the hands of the vendee ; and when there is no contract that the lien, by implication, was not intended to be reserved."
If the lien has, in any of the States, or in any Court of the United States, been sustained against
creditors, the decision is unknown to us. This is the first case in which the question, so far
as respects creditors, has been made in this Court, and may form a precedent on a subject of great interest to the public. We have looked into the English authorities for the purpose of inquiring how fir the principle has been filrmly established in that coun-
try.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
In Chapmanv. Tanner, (1 Vern. 267.,) the lien of 1822. the vendor was maintained against the assignees of *Bayley a bankrupt, But in Fawell v. Heelis, (AmbI. 724.) the V Lord Chancellor, speaking of that case, says, "1It ap- Gree . pears by the Register's book, that the seller was to keep the title papers till he was paid. The Court said, that a natural equity arose from his having the deeds in his custody."
This explanation of the case of Chapmanv. -Tan'ner lessens the weight of that case in support of the lien, not only as against the assignees of a bankrupt, but as against the vendor himself, since the retaining of the title deeds by the vendor is considered as equivalent to an agreement for the preservation of the lien.
Fawell v. Heelis and others, reported in Ambler, was a suit to establish the lien of the vendor against the trustees of an insolvent debtor. The Chancellor defermined against the lien, because a receipt for the purchase money was endorsed on the deed, and a bond taken for it from the vendee. ,"If" said the Court, "the vendor parts with the estate, and -takes a security for the consideration money, there is no reason for a Court of equity to assist him against the creditors of the purchaser."
A doctrine ascribed to Lord APSLEY, that ,"creditors claiming under such a deed (a deed of an insolvent debtor to trustees for his creditors,) stand in the same situation as creditors under a commission," has been supposed to apply to the case now before the Court, and is cited by Mr. Sugden to support his general proposition, that "creditors claimi:g under

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
-
Baqly
V.
Greenleaf.

a conveyance from the purchaser are bound in like manner as assignees, because they stand in the same situation as creditors.under a commission."
It is uncertain whether this was said'by,the Chan-

cellor, as from himself, or with reference to the argu. ments of counsel; but if it be his dictum, it will not, we think, aid the plaintiffs in the cause under consideration ; nor does it justify the broad and general terms.used. by Sugden-; terms which have been probably understood in a more, extensive sense than he
intended. A dedlaration that creditors under a.conveyance, and under a commission, are in the same situation as regards the lien of the vendor, made in a case in which the decree was against -that lien, is.
not entt] .d to the respect which the same declaration would claitm had the decree been made, in favour of the ,lien. The Chancellor was against the lien, whether set. up, against assignees or trustees, and might not therefore examine very accurately the sameness or the discrepancy of the 'principles on which the two cases stood. Had he considered Chapman v. Tnner, as decided on the general principle, and not on its particular circumstances, it would have been necessary t, inquire whether the same principle applied -to the case of Fawellv. Heelis and others ; but not being of that opinion, and being opposed to the lien, the inquiry became less necessary.
Another consideration, entitled to great attention, is,, that this dictum of ,the Chancellor, if it be one, is confined in terms to "ssuch a deed" as was then under his consideration. That,was a deed made by an insolvent, after his insolvency, to trustees for his cro,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ditors. This was, we suppose, a deed madein pursuance of the statute ; and between a deed assigning the estate of an insolvent under the insolvent law, and a deed assigning the estate of a bankrupt under
the bankrupt law, there is not perhaps much difference. But it does not follow that the same rule would be applied to a conveyance made by the mere act of the party, for the security of one or more creditors, or of creditors generally.
The case of Blackburn v. Gregson, (1 Bro. Ch. Rep. 420.) was also an attempt to set up the lien of the vendor against the assignees of a bankrupt.
In-that case, the general question of the'existence of such a lien -was argued at bar as one not yet finally settled ; and, although the inclination of the Chancellor's mind seemed in favour of the lien, he made no decision on that point. An issue was directed to try whether the conveyance was made to defeat creditors under the 13th of Eliz. ch. 5., and the jury having found that it was so made, the conveyance was set aside.
The question of lien appears to have remained still open; and in the case of Nairnv. Prowse,(6 Ves.jur. 752.) it was still doubted whether a vendor who had taken the bond or note of the vendee for the purchase money, retained his lien on the land. That case was be-ween a creditor who claimed under an equitable mortgage created by the deposit of a deed, and the vendor who had taken a deposit of stock to secure the payment of the purchase money. The Court determined, that by taking the deposit of stock he had

1822.
V.
Greeneaf.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1892.
Bayley
v.
Greenleaf

waied his lien ; and, consequently, the question beStween the creditor and vendor was not decided.
It does not appear ever to have been decided. We find no case in which the naked question has been determined against the creditor. Could the case of Chapman v. Tanner even be stripped of the circumstance that the vendor retained the title papers in his hands, still the assignees of a bankrupt are not understood, in England, to stand in the same situation with a creditor who is secured by a rortgage. In the case of Mitford v. Mitford, (9 Fes.jur.) the Master of the Rolls says, " between a particular assignment for valuable consideration, and an assignment by operation of law, such a distinction has always
been made, that the effect of the one is not, necessarily to be inferred from that produced by the other." In the same case he says, " I have always understood the assignment from the commissioners, like any other assignment by operation of law, passed his rights precisely in the same plight and condition as he possessed them. Even where a complete legal title vests in them, and there is no notice of any equity affecting it, they take subject to whatever equity the bankrupt was liable to. This shows they are not consi-
dered purchasers for a valuable consideration, in the proper sense of the words. Indeed, a distinction has been constantly takeu between them and a particular assignee, for a specific consideration ; and the former are placed in the same class as voluntary assignees and personal representatives."
Were it theii completely settled that the vendor re-
tains his lien against the assignees of a bankrupt, it

OF THE UNITED STATES.

would not follow that he would retain it against creditors holding under a bonafide conveyance from the vendee. To establish this principle on the autlority of adjudged cases, the Court would require cases in which the very point is decided. We have seen no such cases. We have seen no case in which this lien has -been supported against a judgment creditor,

against a mortgagee, or even against a creditor

charging an heir on the bond of his ancestor in which he was bound.
The weight of authority is; we think, the other way. The lien of the vendor, if in the nature of a trust is a secret trust ; and, although to be preferred to any other subsequent equal equity, unconnected with a legal advantage, or equitable advantage which gives a superior claim to the legal estate, will be postponed to a subsequent equal equity connected with such advantage. This principle is laid down in Hiargrave and Butler's notes to Co. Lytt. 290. b. ; and the case of Stanhope v. Earl Verney, decided in Chancery in 1761, is quoted in support of it. That was the case of an equitable mortgage, founded on the deposit of a-deed for a term of years to attend the

inheritance, with a declaration of the trust. This is a much stronger case. It is an actual conveyance of

the legal estate. In the United States the claims of creditors stanct
on high ground. There is not perhaps a State in the Union, the laws of which do not make all conveyances not recorded, and all secret trusts, void as to

creditors as well as subsequent purchasers without notice. To support the secret lien of the vendor

ar.. Aq..

8

1822.
.
Gr#cnleaf.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182T. .
Brwe Browder
V.
M'Arthur.

against a creditor who is a mortgagee, would be to counteract the spirit of these laws.
Decree affirmed with costs.

(PRACTICE.]

BROWDER V. MARTHUR.

This Court will not grant a rehearing in an equity cause, after it 1as been remitted to the Court below to carry into effect the decree of
this Court, according to its mandate.

Feb. 2181.

Mr. Doddridge,for the appellant, Browder, moved
for a rehearing in this cause, which is the same case that was determined at the last term, and remitted to the Court below to carry into effect the decree of this Court.- It was now again brought before this Court, upon an appeal from the decree of the Court below, eritered according to the mandate from this Court. The appellant's counsel now moved for a rehearing upon the merits.

The COURT denied the motion, being of opinion that it was too late to grant a rehearing in a cause after it had been remitted to the Court below, to carry into effect the decree of this Court, according to its mandate; and that a subsequent appeal from the Circuit Court, for supposed error in.carrying into
a S. C. 6 Wheat. Rep. h He cited 2 Aladd. Chian. 390. 3 P. Wins. 8. 2 .111k. 439.

I 64
1822.
Mbatthews V.
Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
[CO sTITUTIONAL AND LOCAL LAW.]

MATTHEWS V. ZANE and Others.

Where a party claiming title to lands under an act of Congress, brought a bill f-r a conveyance, and stated several equitable circumstances in aid of his title, and the State Court where the suit was brought having dismissea'the bill, and the cause being brought to this Court byappeal, underthe 25th sec. of the judiciary act of 1709, u..20.,upon the ground of an alledged misconstruction of the act of Congress by the State Court : Held, that this Court could not take into considera. tion any distinct equity arising out of the contracts or transactions of the parties, and creatinga new and independent title, but was confined to an examination of the plaintiff'7 title as dopending upon tho construction of the act of Congress.
The lands included within the Zanes ille District, by the not of Congress of the 3d of March, 1803, c. 343. s. 6., could not, after that date, be sold at the Marietta land office.
A statute, for the commencement of which no time is fixed, commen-
ces from its date.
The decision of this Court in .fXalhz, v. Zane, 5 Crunch, 92. revised
and confirmed.

A-PPEAL from the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio, being the highest Court of equity of that State, under the 25th sec. of the judiciary act of 1789, c. -O.
The bill filed by the plaintiff, Matthews, in the State Court, was brought for the purpose of obtaining from the defendants, Zane and others, a conveyance of a tract of land to which the plaintiff alleged that he had the equitable title, under an entry, prior to that on which a grant had been issued to the de-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

fendants The validity of his entry descended on the construction of the act of Congress of May 19th, 1800, c. 209., the 6th section of the act of March 3d, 1803, c. 33., and the act of the 26th of March, 1804, c. 388., all relating to the sal of the public lands in the territory northwest of the river Ohio. The case stated, that on the 7th of February, 1814, the plaintiff applied to the Register of the Marietta District, and communicated to him his desire to purchase the land in controversy. The office of Re-
ceiver being then vacant, no money was paid, and no entry was made ; but the Register took a note or memorandum of the application. On the 12th of May, 1804, soon after the Receiver had entered on
the duties of his office, the plaintiff paid tne sum of money required by law, and made an entry for the land in controversy, with the Register of the Marietta District. In pursuance of the 12th section of "the act of the 26th of March, 1804, c. 388., and of instructions from the secretary of the treasury, the sale of the lands in the District of Zanesville, (which had been formed out of the Marietta District, and in-
cluded the land in controversy,) commenced on the 3d Monday fo May, 1804, and on the 26th of that month the defendants became the purchasers of the same land. There were several charges of fraud in the bill, and a contract between the parties was alleged ; but as the opinion of this Court turned exclusively on the title of the parties under the act of Congress, it is deemed unnecessary to state these circumstances. The State Court having determined against the validity of the plaintiff's title under the act of

1822.
Mtatthews
V.
Zane.

16
1822.
M-atthews
V.
Zane.
'b. 2oth.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Congress, and dismissed his bil tne cause was
brought by appeal to this Court.
Mr. Doddridge, for the appellant, stated, that tne
cause depended upon the construction of three acts of Congress, which he insisted had been misconstrued by the State Court. The first of these acts, that of May 10th, 1800, c. 209., established the present system of selling the public lands in Districts, and by that statute the land in controversy was within the Marietta District. The 6th section of the act of the 5d of March, 1803, c. 34., created an additional District, and provided that the lands within it should be offered for sale, at Zanesville, under the direction of a register and receiver, to be appointed for that purpose, who should reside at that place. The 12th section of the act of the 26th of March, 1804, C.388. directs the lands in the District of Zanesville to be offered for public sale on the third Monday of May in that year.
On the first view of the case, difficulties present themselves, on the side of the appellant, in the authority of previous decisions, and especially a decision of this Court, between the same parties.a But that decision resulted from an incorrect and imperfect statement of facts in the former case. Circumstances which are now disclosed did not appear in that case. jUpon the present record the following points wrill be insisted on
1. That even by a strict technical construction of
a Matthews v. Zane, 5 Granch, 92.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the statutes in question, the power of sale did not cease at Marietta, until after the 12th of AMay, 804, the date of the plaintiffs' purchase. (2.) TI'hat such was the practical construction given to those laws by executive officers, which ought in the present case to be conclusive, because it fulfils every object of the law, preserves the private rights of individuals, and if set aside by a mere technical objection, would open a door for the most extensive litiga:ion and disturbance of titles acquired under the land laws of the United Stales. (3.) That supposing the act of March -30, 1803, had in express terms, or by necessary and inevitable implication, taken away the power of sale at Marietta, yet it could not begin to have that effect, until duly promulgated at that place, it not having in fact been transmitted to the officers at Marietta, until after the plaintiff's entry.
The land laws must certainly- be considered as forming a part of the contract between the Government, and each individual who wishes to become a purchaser of the public domain. If contracts between the public and individuals are to ne considered in the same light as contracts between individuals, then the principle applies that a bonafide and innocent purchaser, from an agent who has not received due notice that his authority is superceded, shall not be injured by the negligence of the principal, in not giving notice.a The rule of interpretation applicable to the present case, are laid down by the ele-

182Z.
M-atthews. V. Zane.

a 4 Hail'sLaw Journal, 16. 2 Dall. 320

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Mlatthiews
. Zane:

mentary writers on the construction of statutes, and will be found in the common abridgments of the law.a All these rules necessarily resolve themselves into the intention of the law maker, which is some-
times to be collected from the cause or necessity of making the statute, and at other times from other circumstances of equal weight.' Sir William Jones has asserted the true. principles on this subject." k Such is the imperfection of human hinguage17
says he, "1that few written laws are free from ambiguity; and it rarely happens that many minds are united iii the same interpretation of them." And then, after relating an anecdote of Lord Coke, adds: " I will here only set down a few rules of interpreta-
tion, which the wisdom of ages has established, when the sense of the words is at all ambiguous1st. rhe intention of the writer must be sought, and prevail over the literal sense of terms; but penal laws must be strictly expounded against offenders, and liberally against the offence.
"2. All clauses, preceding or subsequent, must be
taken together to explain any one doubtful clause. "3. When a case is expressed to remove any doubt
whether it was included or not, the extent of the clause, with regard to cases not so expressed, is by
no means restrained. " 4. The conclusion of a phrase is not confined to

a 6 Bac. Abr. fit. Statute. (I.) (C.) b Vere v. Thoa.pson, Hardr.208. c Ld. Teignmouth's L-fe of Sir W. oncs, 267.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

169

the words immediately preceding, but usually extended to the whole antecedent phrase. "
"These are copious maxims, and, with half a dozen more, are the stars by which we steer, in the construction of all public and private writings."a
So, also, this Court has laid it down as "a well established principle in the exposition of statutes, that every part is to be considered, and the intention of the legislature to be extracted from the whole. It is also true, that when great inconvenience will result from a particular construction, that construction is to be avoided, unless the meaning of the legislature be plain, in which case it must be obeyed. "b
1. In enforcing the construction we contend for, the further considerations which present themselves under the 'first point are-That all the land laws passed previous to the act of May 10th, 1800, merged in that act; and by it, the system of selli6g the
public lands in districts, through agents called registers and receivers, was settled : so.that at the passage of the act of March 3, 1803, that sysrem in all its relations, was the law ; and to all the provisions of the act of May 10th, 1800,-and the rights established thereby, that of March 3, 1803, expressly refers, and for its operative capacity necessarily depends.
The whole system is laid in LWO important objects -public policy, and the rights of the community generally and individually; both- terminating in

1822.
Matthews
V. z

a Letter to J. Macpherson, Esq. Governor-General of Ben-

gal, Sir W. Jones' Life, 267. b U. S. v: Fisher, 2 Cranch, 286.

VOL. VII.

9-.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUT

-1822.
M'attbaews
s. Zale.

the sale of the public lands. The public policy is two.-

Sfold-first,

revenue; second, national growth and

prosperity,by the extension of population and im-

provement. The right of every individual is, to ap-

propriate to himself any tract of land within the pro-

visions of the system. Words are not necessary to

show the importance of the public policy in both

its branches; and the interest felt by the com-

munity, in the right to appropriate,is of equal extent,

and as strong-as distinctly marked, too, as the po-

licy itself; and, though a right peculiar to the Ame-

rican people, is, nevertheless, a general right ; requi-

ring, indeed, to be regulated by law; but none will

saytha t the government might, or could wholly re-

press its exercise, any more than wholly to repress

the exercise of the general right to carry on trade

and commerce.

The second branch of the public policy-also

the right to acquire and improve new lands-did

not commence with the land laws of the United

States; both existed undei, and the latter was exer-

cised through, the regulations of colonial and State

government, are coeval with the settlement of Ameri-

ca ; and when the same policy and right fell within the

jurisdiction of the national government, laws were

immediately passed to regulate them, and have been

continued from time to time, until they all merged

in the act of May 10th, 1810; so that the right of

every individual in the community to purchase and

settle any part of the lands within the provisions of

that act, may emphatically be called an existing right.

The first branch of the public policy, revenue, en-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
gaged the attention of the national government im- 1822. mediately after the termination of the revolutionary war, and has been pursued by it ever since, with an v. undeviating aim; and it may be here observed. -that zanc, one condition in the cession from Virginia is, that the lands ceded shall be sold, and the proceeds go in discharge of the public debt. It is not denied that Congress may suspend the sale of the whole or any part of the public lands; but doubtless, in such case, there would appear some distinct and good reason for doing it, as in the act of May 10, 1800, in order to attain, more effectually, the objects of the whole system; and then the intention was expressed with irresistible clearness in the repealing clause. But where
nothing of this kind is pretended, where no object or motive can be perceived leading to suspension, the implication must be strong indeed to induce a court of justice to suppose a design to depart from every -prificiple of the law in the case.
The constitution and the law show, that the President had no power to establish the Zanesville offices until after the next meeting of -Congress; for those offices were not vacancies to be filled during the recess; and it will not be contended, -that he was bound to summon a special meeting of the Senate for that purpose. Furthermore, the President had no power to cause sales to commence at Zanesville, until, in some act subsequent to that of,March 3, 1803, the time for opening sales should be appointed ; and we shall now endeavour to show the correctness of that position. The words of the act of March 3, 1803, (sections 5. and 6.) refer, generally, to the act

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1.82g.
-'-
Matthews
V. Zane.

of May 10th, 1800, and embrace all the regulations prescribed, among which a prominent one is, that all the land must be offered at public sale before being offered at private sale, and that a day

should be appointed by law when sales are to commence at each office. The object of public sale, when any tract of country is brought into market for the first time, is, principally, the enhancement of price above the legal limitation, by means of competition for the most valuable tracts ; but it has another of some importance, that is, settling in this way the preference between competitors.
The fair inference from these considerations is, that no sale of any part of the unappropriated lands
in the military tract could legally take place, either at Zanesville or Chillicothe, under the bare provisions of the act of March 3, 1803 ; that some farther legislative provision was necessary, appointing the time when sales should commence. This provision is found in the act of March, 26th, 1804. It it true, that in another act passed, also, the 3d March, 1803, "regulating the granits of land, and providing for the sale of the public lands south of Tennessee," the time when sales are to commence is left with the President ; but it is to be by proclamation, giving due notice. This is a modification only of the practice under the same principle and policy..
But it may be said, the act of May 10, 1800, excepts from public sale a part of the Marietta District, and all the Steubenville District. This is true; and the reason for this exception is not readily perceived. The only probable one is, that all the part excepted in the Marietta District was known to be a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

rough, hilly country, therefore no prospect of sales being immediately effected in it. The distinction, on any other account, between the west of the Mtiskingum, including the township intersected by -it,and the lands lying east of those towvnshi s. seems to be idle. With respect to the Steubenville District, all the most valuable lands in it had been sold in New-York, in 1787, and at Pittsburgh, in 1796; therefore, the competition to be expected at public sale was not thought of sufficient importance to be secured by statutory provision. But whatever may have been the reason for excepting these lands from public sale, the principle offiring by law the time when the private sale of them shall commence is still preserved ; thus securing the equitablemode ofsettling by lot the preference between applicants for the same tractt
provided for in the act of May 10th. In fine, the reference of the act of March 3, 1803, to that of May 10, 1800, is general, therefore embraces the gen-
eral provisions only; and the correct conclusion from a whole view of this matter is, th'at the act of March 8, 1803, was inchoate, inoperative of itself, in respect to sales at Zanesville, and, therefore, it would be ab-
surd to give to it a constructive repeal of the preceding statute.
All that has been urged against suspending sales at Marietta until the operative organization of the Zanesville District took place, applies with equal force to the act of March 26, 1804, as to that of March 3, 1803. The absurdity is just as great in principle; the only difference is, its effects are not of
so long continuance. Besides, the act of March 26,

1822.
IMatthern
r-.
Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREMDE COURT

1822.
]Yajttbews V.
Zane.

1804, appoints the time when sales shall commence at Zanesville, and thus removes the only objection of the Register of the Zanesville District to the construction for which we contend.
There is no diTe ence, in regard to construction, between a law which definitively appoints the time when a certain thing is to be done in future, and a law which leaves indefinite thefuture time when that certain tlking is to be done; and practically, there is less reason to give the subsequent statute a repealing operation from the day of its passage, in the lgtter, than in the former case, because, there is less inconsistency in suspending the existing rights of in-, dividuals, and the public interest and policy for a certain, than for an uncertain time. Resting with.some confidence in this position, we shall here introduce a case precisely in point, to show, that the repugnant wordsare not alone and abstractedlyto be considered.,
t' By a statute passed on the 9th of July, thejurisdiction of a Court of Requests is enlarged after the 30th of September following, from debts of 40s. to 61.and itjs also enacted, that if any action shallbe com. 9nenced in any other court for a debt not exceeding 61. the plaintiff shall not recover costs : yet from a necessary construction of the whole act, a plaintiff shall recover costs in an action commenced in another court, for a debt between 40s. and 51. after the passage of the act, and before the 30th of September. Till then he could not sue in the Court of Requests, and therefore had no other remedy but to sue in another court."
'a Whitham v. Evans, 2 Est. Rep. 135.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Here was an attempt made to give to the words C1if 1822.

any suit shall be commenced," &c.an abstract-meaning and repealing force, from the day of passing the act; but they were not allowed to suspend the exist-

M,atthema
v.
Znre.

ing right to sue somewhere.

The admissions heretofore made, that is, that had

the day been appointed when sales were to com-

mence at Zanesville, they might have been continu-

ed at Marietta up to such day, seems to render a re-

ference to the above case unnecessary, in respect to

former arguments on the other side; but those admis-

sions may not be extended to the present hearing:

and, besides, the cited case shows. that the same

kind of reasoning has been resorted to on other occa-

sions, that it has been put down by the court, and

that the whole law and practical reason are the only

sure guides to sound construction. In every propo-

sition importing that the lands taken from the Mari-

etta District "shall be sold at Zanesville," these re-

pugnant words must be used; and when the object

is to give them an abstract repealing effect from the

moment they are used by the legislature, it matters not when1 sold at Zanesville."

2. The second point in our argument is, that the

complainant's purchase was made conformably to

the practical construction given to the laws in ques-

tion by the proper executive officers. This relates,

principally, to the Secretary of the Treasury, the

superintendant of the whole ; but extends also to

the Register of the Marietta District, who, being

without instructions, had to act upon his own dis-

cretion.

176
1822.
M'lanIdatthews
V.
Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The facts in the bill show, that laws affecting the offices are received, by the respective officers,
through the Treasury Department, with instructions; it therefore follows, that had the Secretary of the
Treasury construed the act of M'arch 3,,1803, as suspending sales at Marietta, he would have given instructions to that effect. This deduction flows by such strong implication from the facts and the nature of the case, that direct proof, if susceptible of beidg had, would be unnecessary: it is, in fact, involved in the acknowledgment of the Secretary of the Treasury, that his first impressions, (that is, that all sales made at Marietta, after the passing of the act of March 3, 1803, were void, as suggested by the private opinion of the Register of the Zanesville Dis-
trict,) were erroneous; and without saying any thing more than has been said, in relation to the act of March 26th, 1804, we may confidently assume the fact'stated as the foundation of this point ; and shall now endeavour to show that the conclusion drawn from it is correct.
The true doctrine of'executive construction is, that, generally, it is to be considered and respected : for executive officers are officers of the constitution and laws, as well as the judges; and in the performance of their proper functions, the former are under the necessity of putting a construction on the acts of the legislature, as well as the latter : and it may be added, that they are always -supposed to act under the advice of a high law officer, appointed for that purpose. When- in this necessary exercise of
theirjudgment, they put such a construction on a

OF THE UNITED STATES.

statute as promotes its evident object, preserves all the rights of individuals) and which at the same time becomes a rule by which title to things real or personal is acquired, such construction ought not to be set aside by a rigid criticism of any kind ; but

where it injures the public interest, or abridges and restrains the rights of individuals, it should be strictly examined and corrected.
When executive constructions and regulations form the rule by which the most interesting of all titles, the title to land, is acquired, all must see and admit the reasonableness of preserving rights growing out of them. Executive construction, in such cases, acquires all the importance, and involves all the consequences, of judicial decisions. Could it be established, that the Secretary of the Treasury had misconstrued the act of March 3, 1803, in permitting sales to be made at Marietta, after its passing ; and that this was so erroneous as to make void those sales; such a decision would reach, as has before been observed, two valuable interests, bonafide acquired as ours wasi and long possessed as ours ought to have been: for their titles cannot, and ought not, to be preserved by the mere refusal of executive officers to act; neither, it is conceived, because the land cannot now be entered in tracts of the same size in which they were offered at public sale, by reason, that the law is modified in this respect; for, should this be admitted, the land officers might, through ignorance, or fraud, entangle titles to any extent. dll lands, in fact, unsold at public sale are liable to be entered at private sale; and all tracts

VOL. VTI.

2

177
1822. th
V. Zae.

.,178

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. not legally sold are still public lands and liable to be

Sentered.

M tthews

V.

The observations of Sir William Jones, before

Zane. quoted, go to illustrate and support our reasoning on

this point. It may readily be supposed, that a difference might take place in construing the minor provisions of a statute, though all should agree in its main object and intent: when this is attained, the minor provisions are of little moment.-Suppose tho act of March 3, 1803, was actually couched in such
-ambiguous terms as, taken in their literal and grammatical sense, wofild raise a doubt whether sales were to continue at Marietta after its passage ; but that the Secretary of the Treasury, in consequence of a construction formed from the exercise of his judgment, on a view of the whole law, had given actual 'instructions to continue them there. Would a sale made under such circumstances be declared void? -We think not; and certainly not in the present case, which stands clear of every literal and gram, matical ambiguity-where the necessarily implied ,construction of the secretary of the treasury runs with the obvious intendment of the whole law.
In closing our argument on this point, We beg leave to press this view of the subject with some earnestness on the consideration of the Court;' and confidently taking it for granted, that the not instructing the Marietta officers at all was equivalent to instructionsto continue sales there, we again ask, that if actualinstructionshad beezz,given, to continue sales at Marietta,until a few days before they cornmenced at Zanesville, giving sufficient time only,.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

for the proper notice to the Zanesville officers; and the Register of .the Zanesville district had thought proper to disregard these regulations, and sell the land over again, would the Court sanction his sales? or, in other words, would it now sanction a sale of the two tracts entered at Marietta, in July, 1803 ?
3. Our third point is, that supposing the act of March 3,.1803, had, in express words, or by necessary implktion, taken away the power of the Marietta office to sell; yet, that it did not begin to have that effect, until duly promulgated at Marietta, conformably to the usual manner of promulgating such acts, &c., and the same of the act of the 226th of March, 1.804,.
The reason of the rule, that, where no day is appointed, statutes begin to have effect from the day of their passage, seems to be this: that it being practically impossible actually to notify every person in the community of the passage of a law, whatever day might be appointed for its taking effect, no general rule could be adopted less exceptionable. The general rule may, in some instances, produce injustice; but if ignorance of the law was admitted as an excuse, too wide a door would be left open for the breach of it. Where statutes are liable to produce injustice by taking immediate effect, the legislature will, except through inadvertence, appoint a future day from whence they are to be in force. Mlr. Justice Blackstonea after treating of the promulgation of laws, and the duty of legislatures to make

18oZ2.
MIatthews
V-
Zane.

a1 Bl. Corn. 45.

.180

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Me~awtthews
V.
Zane.

them public, says, " all laws, should, therefore, be
made to commence infuture, and be notified before their commencement, which is implied in the term prescribed." The fair inference from this, and, in-

deed, from all that he and other writers have said, in treating on the elementary principles of law, is, that where unjust consequences result from the application of a general rule to a particular case, courts have the power to except such case and bring it tinder the control of equitable construction ; and to ask, " did the law-maker, supposing him to be an upright man, intend to include or except this case F10
One feature in the reason of the general rule is, that it would be practically impossible to fix on any time for laws to take effect so as that each person affected by them, or liable to be affected, could, with certainty, have notice; had such notice been practicable, doubtless the rule would have been different; and where this part of the reason ceases, according to
a maxim of law and reason, so much of the rule ceases also. Now, when a law, under the supposed form of that of March 3d, 180 , should be promulgated at a land office, every person who could in any way be affected by it, would have actual notice; the'applicant would know that he could not purchase, and he could not complainof injury. Lord Kaimes' reasoningb goes to show, that where the claims of equity
can be brought under a general rule, "a Court of

a 6 Bac. .br. fits.tat. (I.) 386. b Kaimes' Eq. Introduct.XI.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
equity declines not to interfere.::* Promulgation of the law at each land office is an easy rule, liable to no uncertainty or difficulty, and, besides, had been the usual practice; therefore, no general promulgation can be a substitute for it. The necessity for the usage is manifest; for, if the numerous depeadents of the Treasury Department were permitted to construe the law for themselves, endless contradiction and confusion must be the consequence. The settled-course of decision, in relation to deeds which have not been put on record within the time prescribed by law, falls exactly into Lord Kaimes' reasoning. Where it can be proved that the party who holds the second deed, though first on record, had notice of the previous deed, he shall not be permitted to take advantage of the omission to record in the holder of the first deed,
There is a. case in Dallasb precisely in point, to support the restriction we contend for on the abstract taking effect of statutes, when the nature of the case affords reason for such restriction. The laws of the Colonial Legislature of Pennsylvania were in force until revoked by the King and Council, and the question was, whether a revocation took effect at its date in London, or when notified in Philadelphia; and it was held by the Co.urt, not until notified to the Governor and Council in Philadelphia.
The decision and opinion of this Court in the case of Arnold v. The United States;c will not, it is
a Kaimes' Eq. Itroduct. XI. b Albertson v. Robinson, I Dall. 9. e 9 Cranch, 104.

181 1822. V.
Zane-

18.2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Mattehewvs
,,.
'Zne.

presumed, be found, on due examination, to impinge the foregoing reasoning on this point. The question was, so far as that case is analogous, whether double duties should commence throughout the whole coun-

try trom the passage of the act, or fromi its notification at the pr6per office in each collection district. The double duties were a burden which the whole community ought, in justice, to bear equally; and without making the act take a proper and absolute, effect from the day of its passage, this equality of imposition would not be produced; an importation at Washington would have been charged with an impost from Which one at a more distant port would have been exempt. Had the act been for reducing
the import duty, no'doubt but the money received at a distance, after'the passing of the act, would have been refunded ; this, it is believed, was done on the repeal of the internal taxes ; and thus a general reciprocity is produced in the operation of laws of this
nature. In this case there was no particular injury set up, but the hypothetical possibility only of injury, and that, not such as would, necessarily, follow
the act of importation, but growing out of contracts involved in, and properly referrible to, the general
risk of trade. Had the question been, an entire suspension of the existing right to import, without the usual equitable provisions on- like occasions, allowing all vessels which had departed without knowledge of such suspension, to complete their voyages, or with penalties for importation, we may well sulipose the taking effect of the law would have been restrained to its due notification at the proper office:

OF THE UNITED STATES.
or, to show the same principle in another .point of view, it may be asked whether the penalties of the embargo laws attach before notice of their passage at the naval offices in the respective districts ?
The constitution of the United States has not, in express words, prohibited Congessfrom passing laws impairing the obligation of contracts; but the prohibition is so strongly implied, and such laws, as well as expost facto laws, are so contrary to justice, that it is presumed an act to that effect would be declared void: such a law, for instance, as should go to resell any tract of land which had been legally sold. That the entry of a tract of public lands forms a perfect contract will not be denied; neither, that under the. supposed form of the act of March 3, 1803, an entry at Marietta, before it was possible that notice could reach there, would come fully withing the spirit and meaning of an equitable contract. Now, the established course in the administration of justice, protects equitable contracts equally with those which are strictly legal. The operation of a criminal or penal law, under the construction contended for on the other side, would render it, in its practical effects, as perfectly ex post facto, as one made to take effect before its passage; and by parity of reasoning, that construction virtually implies a breach of contract, and so is contrary to the constitution of the United States, as well as contrary to reason and justice. The pardoning power of the executive in a criminal case, might afford a remedy for the injustice which
would follow; but in a civil one, the only remedy mhst be found'in the reasonable and equitable con-

183
1822. Matthews
V.
zaneN

'184
Ss22.
Mattehawews
v.
z.me.

CASES IN THE 'SUPREME COURT
struction of the judiciary," who have authority over all laws, and more especially over statutes, to mould them according to r"eason and convenience to the best and truest uses. a
But it may'be said that the general promulgation of all laws, in this country, is sufficient notice ; and that from the passage of th act of March 3d, until the plaintiff's entry, or even application in February, there was ample room for notice. It is true, that iu this country all laws have a general promulgation; but it is equally true, that many laws are, notwithstanding, strictly local: such is the act in question, and considering the established usage, and the reason for that usage, the Register of the Marietta District cannot .be supposed to be bound to have acquired a knowledge of the act in the general way.
A striking analogy exists between the land laws and those for the collection of duties on impor.tations. The two leading points in the public policy are the same in both, that is, national strength and prosperity, and revenue ; and however deeply laid in the nature of political society the right to carry on trade and commerce may be, we have, it is conceived, sufficiently shown that the right to settle and improvo neW land enters as deeply into the nature of political society in this country ; and has, too, all the force of prescription of which the right is susceptible. "The government, acting for the people, have no more claim to the price of the public lands, than to a part of the price of merchandize imported, and therefore have no more exclusive and arbitrary control over
a Bac. .'br. tit. Statute, (H.) 378.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the former than the latter; and, repeating what has 1822. been before mentioned, an attempt to suppress the settlement of new lands would be as sensibly felt by v. the community at large, as an attempt to suppress Zane trade and commerce: at the same time, both require to be regulated by law. Now, suppose some newly acquired territory were to be brought within the operation of the revenue laws, and, for this purpose, it should be found expedient to annex it to a part of a former district, making a new district, and that preparatory measures were necessary before the new district could be organized, and that acts should be passed with analogous provisions to those found in the laws in question; would they be construed to suspend the collection of duties in, and the right to
import into, the old district ? We have before mentioned, that the case of Wil-
son v. Masona was cited at the first trial in the Supreme Court of Ohio, to show that notice of an illegal act was void; a position which, we also mentioned, was not disputed : but that case, and the opinion of the Court in itsuggests some considerations for direct and hypothetical illustration, which we beg

leave to introduce. In the opinion it is said, "But if this opinion should be too strict, if an act entirely equivalent to an entry could be received as a substitute for one, a survey does not appear to be such an act," &c.-and then the opinion goes on to show the reason why ; hat is, that the entry is the necessary notice of the appropriation of any part of the waste landsi and the only way to prevent others, with equal

VOL. VII.

a 1 Cranch, 95. "4

186

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. Matthews
Y.
Zane.

rights, from being misled and injured ; that the entry was, i, fact, the very remedy the law had provided against a previously existing evil. Now, in the present case, supposing suspension of sales at Marietta
some how entered into the general provisions of the law-an entry at Marietta would be an 11 entire equivalent" to an entry at Zanesville ; for it is clear, that before sales could begin at Zanesville, notice must be given what tracts had been sold at Marietta. This too, would have been a general notice; general, at any rate, to the extent of the object; not an individual notice merely, which the Court would not, in the case of Wilson v. Mason, suffer to take place of the. general rule.
A case may readily be supposed, under the land laws of the United States, offering arguments and objections parallel to those in the case of Wilson v. Mason. Suppose A. purchases in one district land lying in another ; discovering his mistake, and that B. is about to enter the same land in its proper district, he gives notice of his previous entry : here A. might say, that as between him and the public, a purchase in one district was the same as in another, and that B. had notice. In such case a court would
doubtless say, that to permit entries in one district, of land lying in another, would create confusion ; that a person with equal rights would never know when he made a safe entry, and that a particular exception, notwithstanding personal notice, was inadmissible; but, as just shown, the objection would not
lie in the present case; so that whatever the " if;" in
the opinion of the Court amounts to, may fairly be placed to our side of the question.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
. But the point we propose to illustrate principally,
by the case of Wilson v. Mason, is the rightto purchase, by considering that case hypothetically. The right of every individual -holding a warrant to appropriate to himself waste lands, was not more substantially, or forcibly given, by the laws of Virginia, than the right to purchase any vacant tract of the United States land is given, by the act of May 10, 1800. It is true, that in Virginia, money was advanced on obtaining the warrant, but no priority of claim grew out of the prior date of the warrant, except, in the instance of an accidental competition; and having money to pay, and applying to enter, puts the applicant under the laws of the United States on as good ground in law and equity as he stood Ion who came forward to enter under the laws of Virginia. Besides, by a provision in the act of May 10th, before noticed, money may be paid to the Treasurer of the United States : this corroborates and strengthens our reasons for this equality of right. The right to appropriate extended also ;ver the whole of the waste lands in the state, though the act of appropriation must be performed in some one county. Now, let it be supposed that the question had been between Wilson and Mason, whether Mason's right to enter, in such county as he thought proper, was to be suspended for fifteen months, in con-sequence of similar legislative provisions to those found in the acts of March -, 1803,and March 26, 1804, and with constructions and doings of the proper exedutive officirs, parallel to those in the present case; can it for -a moment be imagined, that the better right would have been decreed to Wilson ?

187
1822.
V. Zane.

188

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
-Mdautttiheesws r.
Zune.

The phraseology of the laws for the collection of
on imports is, that the bays, ports, harbours, &c. within certain limits, shall be districts,with some appropriate denomination; and when any new dis-

trict is made, that from and after a certain day the harbors, &c. within certain limits, shall be a district by the name of the district of- . Here the language precludes all sophistry in relation to the time when the new district is to go into operation ; and its effect on the old district; but suppose the language was-there shall he a district to be called he district of A. and from and after a certain day the duties shall, &c.be paid at B. This, one very principle of sound construction, would amount to precisely the same thing; and certainly the words, shall be a district, would not, under this supposition, be construed
to stop thd power of collection in the old district, until the time they were to be collected 'n the new one at B.; yet, according to their reasoning, this would take place, for if the verbal repugnance only is to be considered, as before observed, it matters not when the practicalrepugnance. commences.

Mr. Hammond, for the respondents. The first point made for the respondents, is, that this Court has no jurisdiction.
The alleged contract and fraud of Zane constitute the sole ground for the interference of a Court of Equity. They are the gist of the plaintiff's case, and in respect to these, this Court has no supervising control over the State Court. Whether the contract alleged was one, the obligation of which

OF THE UNITED STATES.

a Court of Chancery should recognize; whether it created a trust in Zane, which a Court of Equity would compel him to execute; whether the fraud was such, that a Court of Equity would relieve against it; and whether making general propositions of compromise, and delaying more than ten years before a tender of money was made, and a performance specifically required was such diligence, on the part of the plaintiff; as to entitle him to the aid of a Court of Equity, are all questions over which the State Court has- complete control. In a Court of Equity the right of the plaintiff to the relief sought depends upon the decision of the questions here enumerated, and not upon the correct construction of the acts of Congress.
Let it-be conceded, that the plaintiff's construction of the acts of Congress is correct, and the consequence is, that at the time of the sale at Zanesville, he held a legal right, imperfect to be sure, but purely legal in its character. The allegations iq the bill show that the plaintiff lost this right by the misconception, or misconduct of the Secretary of the Treasury, and the officers of the land office at Marietta, and not in consequence of the alleged agreement with Zane. If the plaintiff had a right, and that right had been duly regarded by the public officers, neither the alleged contract with Zane, nor Zane's subsequent purchase could have impaired it. Upon what principle, then, does he come in equity to set up that right against Zane and M'Intire ? Is it under colour of an agreement with Zane to impeach-the conduct of the Secretary or Register, and

1822. Math
ZZ.ane.

190

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. Mtws
Ir.
Zanoe.

Receiver ? Can it be said that a decision against tho
relief sought, in such a case, is a decision against a right or title claimed inder an act of Congress ? Is it not a more rational inference that the decision
was against the party upon the ground that the contract did not entitle him; or upon the ground that he could not have relief in equity ? or -that if eniitled to redress, it must be against the officer. for damages, upon the principle suggested by this Court ?1
Suppose that this Court, upon an examination of the, case, shall adopt the plaintiff's construction of the different acts of Congress, does it follow that they must, or can reverse this decree ? Can they do it, without examining the obligation and extent of the alleged agreement with Zane? Can they do it without inquiring into the subsequent conduct of Matthews, and determining how far the whole case entitles the party to the aid of a Court of Equity ? It seems to us that they cannot. And we insist that in this Court these inquiries cannot be made: the 25th section of the judiciary act expressly forbids it.
Again; upon the construction of the acts of Congress insisted on by the plaintiff, the certificate of purchase granted to him by the Register of the land office at Marietta, on the 16th of May, 1804, vested in him a legal right to the possession of the lands in dispute. Such certificates have always been received in Ohio as evidence of title in. ejectment.The bill shows no reason why this legal remedy was not pursued. If the party by his own laches

a M'Clung v. Silliman, 6 Mi'cal. Rep, 598.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

191

has lost.his remedy at law, can hecome into a CourL of Equity for relief? Does the bill show any circumstance that prevented him from diligently pursuing his legal remedy, or does it allege that it was lost by the contrivance of the defendants ?, Can this Court examine these allegations, or determine whether upon this ground the bill was, or. was not, properly dismissed ?
But last of all, the case made in the bill shows, that this is the same case, and between the same ,parties, decided by this Court, in 1809.b That was an ejectment; the facts were agreed ; the pointsubmitted for decision was, the true c-onstruction. of the acts of Congress referred to, and the decision was against the plaintiff's purchase. If the true construe.lion of the acts of Congress constitutes the essential poiattto be decided in this bill, then it must be considered as a Bill in Chancery brought in .th State Courts, to review the decision of this Court in ejectment. Can it be maintained that to dismiss such a bill is to decide against a right or title set up under an act of Congress ?-We-conceive that upon an examination of this record, it will be found immaterial whether the acts of Congress separate.ly, or the alleged agreement and conduct of Zane separately, or whether these conjointly, combined with the other circumstances of the case, constitute its material points ; the general dismissal of the bill makes no case upon which the jurisdiction of this Court can be made to operate.
The merits are supposed to involve the just con-
a Matthews v. Zane. 5 Cranch, 9e

1822.
latthem
V.

CASES IN THE 'SUPREME COURT

1822.
"-'
Matthews
V.
Zane.

struction of the acts of 1803 and 1804, referred to in the bill; and what right, if any, the plaintiff can
derive from the alleged agreement and conduct of Zane.

The act of May, 1800, which originated and settled the present plan of selling the public lands, directed that lands, within certain specific boundaries, should be sold at land offices established at certain places. The uniform understanding and construction of this law has been, that the power to sell at each of the Land- Offices was confined to the lands directed by law to be sold there. The officers at Chillicothe could not sell lands below the Little Miami, nor lands in the seven ranges. They had no power to effect such sale, and no right could be acquired by a purchase so made.
A new, and fifth land office was established at
Zanesville, by the 6th section of the act of March, 1803*; and it was directed that the lands within the
11th range, and east of it wituin the military tract, and all the lands north of the Ohio Company's purchase, west of the seven first ranges and east of the district of Chillicothe, should be sold at Zanesville. The act containing this provision consists of eight sections. The first three are intended finally to make provision for settling claims for military bounties.The fourth authorizes warrants to be issued to General La Fayette. The fifth provides fbr surveying
the unappropriated lands within the military tract, and directs that so much of these lands as lie west of
the 1Ith range shall be made part of the district of Chillicothe, and shall be sold there,, "under the same

OF THE UNITED STATES.

193

-regulations that other lands are within the said district." The sixth section creates the new district

at Zanesville, including a large body of lands within the military tract, and a large body, also, of the lands

before that time directed to be sold at Marietta.-

The seventh section gives longer time to the purcha-

sers of lands within J. C. Symmes' purchase to com-

plete their payments: and the eighth section relates

to warrants, and platts and certificates of survey,

within the Virginia military tract. This act was

approved the 3d of March, 1803. No time is fixed

for it to take effect; and hence a question is mooted,

as to the time when the sixth section commenced its

effective operation, so as to put an end to the power

of making sales, at Marietta, of the lands formerly

within the Marietta District, but directed by the 6th

section to be sold at Zanesville.

It is not pretended but that the act in question, for

all its general objects, took effect from its passage.

There is nothing in its terms to except the 6th sec-

tion from the general operation. The other seven

sections speak from their passage, from the general

taking effect of the act. The 6th section says the

lands "shall be offered fot sale at Zanesville."

When? From this time; for no other time is de-

signated. And it is a settled maxim, that where no

time is appointed, by thd act itself, for it to take

effect, its operation commences from its passage. We

have nothing to do with cases that may be supposed,

of acts committed or rights commenced before the

passage of a law that affects them was, or could be

known. All such cases stand-Upon their own circum-

VOL. VII.

25

is8.
iBlattbewrs
V. Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. stances, and are exceptions to the general rule. The

atew
V.
Zane.

6th section directs that the lands shall be sold at Zanesville, and as no time is appointed for commen-

cing the sales there, the act, in the natural import of

its terms, according to settled rules of construction,

must be understood to direct the sales to commence

immediately, and by necessary .consequence, annuls

the power to sell the same lands at Marietta, that

existed before the act was passed, from the same

period, of time. Such' being the plain import of the

words used, when interpreted. by a standard maxim

of interpretation, those who undertake to render the

6th section inoperative for an indefinite time, by con-

necting it with the preceding laws, and with other

circumstances, take upon themselves the burthen of

proof, and are bound to, make but their case. It is

not maintained by any one, that lands within the

Zanesville District could be sold at Marietta, after

the taking effect of a legal provision, directing them

to be sold at Zanesville. The true point in dispute

then, isthis : When did this 6th section take effect ?

The proposition of the plaintiff, if I have been able

to comprehend it, seems to be something like this:

The 6th section of the act of March 3d, 1803, ought

not to be construed as containing any determinate,

positive operative provision; but should be regarded

as merely provisional, or inchoative, dependent upon

some future act of legislation to give it force and ef-

fect. To sustain this position, various arguments

are urged, all of which appear to be predicated

upon three principles:

First. A construction which would withdraw any

OF THE UNITED STATES.

195

part of the public lands from market is against the public policy.
Second. It is against the right of every individual to purchase,
Third. It is inconsistent with the practical construction given by the Secretary of the Treasury.
If the truth of every one of these dogmas were admitted, it would seem a sufficient reply, that the positive provisions of positive law never can be made to yield to any such considerations. When determining upon the construction to be given to an ambiguous provision, they ought to have their influence. But they cannot be legitimately used, first to render a plain provision ambiguous, and then to determine its meaning.
The sixth section, as I have already insisted, stands clear of any ambiguity, and to decide that it takes effect from its passage, does not necessarily determine that, its operation must be to withdraw any part of the public lands from market.
So far from being merely inchoative, the sixth section was capable of being carried into immediate practical effect, according to its terms. The officers might have been immediately appointed and furnished with. platts and surveys of the unsold lands within the lands taken from the Marietta District; sales might have commenced immediately, and so soon as the military lands were surveyed, they, too, might have been brought into market. Certainly it cannot be contended, but that the lands within the military tract, attached to the Chillicothe District, by the fifth section, might have been brought into market as soon

1822.
Matthcrs.
V. ZMne.

196

CASES N THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Mar'thewvs
1-.
Zane.

as surveyed, without any additional legislative pro-
vision. The plaintiff is, therefore, totally mistaken, as to the legitimate consequence of giving to the 6th section an immediate operative effect. Such

construction tends to bring the public lands into market, not to shut them out. That the officers were not, in fact, appointed, and that the sales did not commence, are matters that have no bearing upon the argument. The true meaning of a statute must be determined by an examination of its provisions ; 'not by the conduct of those appointed to carry it into execution. This view of the subject is also a satisfactory answer to the allegation respecting the rights of individuals to purchase. If that right exists, in the extent contended for, it could not be impaired by
giving the 6th section immediate effect. So far as it was affected, it was by circumstances of a character very different from giving to the law a correct construction.
But the principles assumd, both with respect to the public policy, and the individual right to purchase, are not admitted to be correct. Of the public policy the legislature are exclusively the judges, and the individual right to purchase is also, before its actual application to any particular tract, entirely subject to legislative regulation. Now, I can well conceive, that it might be deemed good policy to withdraw, for a time, a portion of the public lands from the market. And if the legislature should do so, it is conceived that their act would be, at once, decisive of thepublic policy of the measure, and, so far, must absolutely control the individual right to purchase.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

197

If, then, the just construction of the 6th section should have the effect alleged, of withdrawing from the market a portion of the public lands, that circumstance would furnish no ground whatever upon which a court of justice should, or could, properly interpolate a fanciful construction of their own. They could not rightfully assume a course of policy different from that prescribed- in the law, and make their own imaginations a standard of construction.
In fact, it was a part of the public policy, until long after 1803, to withhold-a portion of the public lands from market. The three sections in each Township reserved for future disposition, was kept back by this policy, and sold at a much higher price
in consequence of itw,hen actually offered for sale. Can it be pretended, that any citizen had a right to purchase these reserves, until their sale was author-
ized. by law, and the terms of the purchase defined ? We are required to examine whether the Zanesville District is erected, established, or settled by that section. We'maintain that the Zanesville District was fully and completely established by the 6th -section. If it was not, it is not yet established. It is recognized as an existing district by subsequent acts : but is, in no other way, authorized or established. It could not be essential to the existence of 'the district, that a time.for commencing sales should be fixed, or that the Register and Receiver should be appointed. 'Indeed, until the district was established, no such appointment could be made. The perplexity in which the plaintiff involves his own propositions : at one time considering the section as designating the

1822.
Matthem, a. Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1022.
MMaotnthlyews
v.
Zane.

limits of a new district; at another, regarding it as
providing that a new district should be erected, at some time indefinitely future; and again declaring it inchoate and inoperative; telling us, in one breath,
that some subsequent legislative provision is required, fixing the time when it should be established and in the next, fixing that time upon a speculation of his own, without any such legislative act, is, of itself, very strong evidence that he is in error. The terms
of the statute are simple and unambiguous. All this glossing is not required to find out their obvious import. It is not an effort to elucidate, but to establish an hypothesis.
For the defendants, it is contended, that from the passage of the ac of March 3d, 1803, the Zanesville District was est- olished, and the power to sell at Marietta- determined. We have shown that this construction involves none of the inconveniences suggested by the plaintiff; but that if they actually existed, it resulted not from the provisions of the law ; but from other causes. Our interpretation is founded upon a plain, palpable, and consistent doctrine, in every respect definite and certain. Its only possible evil, a suspension, for a short period, of the sales of a small portion of the public land. The construction insisted upon by the complainant is desiitute of all certainty, and calculated to involve the Whole subject in perplexity and doubt. There is a district, the lands within which must be sold at Zanesville, Was it established by the 6th section of the act of 3d March, 1803? No, says the opposite argrument, that section only defined the limits to enable the Sur-

OF THE UNITED STATES.'
veyor General t6 prepare the platts and surveys. No, 1822. says the opposite argument again,- that act was only inchoative and inoperative,it provided that the V. Zanesville District shouldbe erected at some time indefinitely future. Was it established by the act of the 26th of March, 1804, appointing the time of the commencement of the, public sales ? No, again, says the opposite argument, that act "in relation to the present question, only fixes the future- time when it shall be established." Was it established by.the appointment of the officers? No, says the complainant, the new district 'was not established and settled by appointing the officers. And this negative involves the very singular circumstance, that officers should
be appointed for a district not established and settled. By the strict terms of the law, the complainant insists that the Zanesville District was not erected, legally established, and settled until the 19th of May, the Saturday before the sales commenced on the Monday, 21st, following. But by a reasonable construction, he concedes that the Zanesville District might be considered as established and settled after the 12th of May. At what time after, and before the 19th, he ha's not informed us, and, no doubt, foi this very good reason, that after he made his entry, on the 12th of May, he had no interest in the question. We have the voluminous bill and the elaborate argument of the complainant before us, ao they show how the Zanesville District was established, and whei it was established ? There are, undoubtedly, a multiplicity of allegations, to show that it was not established until after the 12th of May, but all the

200

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Matthews
V.
Zane.

rest is left in obscurity. We have not been able to perceive one single sound reason for' considering the
12th of May an era of any importance, except that it was the day upon which the plaintiff made his entry.
Ought a court of justice thus to depart from the di-
rect and plain import of unequivocal terms.
Another point laboured in the bill, and strongly urged in argument, is, that the whole conduct of theSecretary of the Treasury, as superintendant of the sales of public lands, was in accordance with the hypothesis maintained by the complainant. The act in question, March 3d, 1803, was never specially promulgated at the Marietta offices. No instructions with respect to it were ever sent to the officers ; and sales made at Marietta within the tract directed to be sold at Zanesville, after the passage of the act were confirmed by the Secretary.
One general observation must be made with respect to all these allegations. The Secretary wits the agent of the law, and was subject to its provi-
sions, which he could neither restrain nor extend.-If he fell into error, that error can iavail nothing in a court of justice, bound to declare their own interpretation, not to adopt that of others.
We think we have shown that the three principal
propositions opon which the plaintiff rests his construction of the act of 3d March, 1803, are equally unfounded in fact, and untenable in ar.:ument; our interpretation of that act is not shaken by them: and it is moreover sustained by the unequivocal deci sion of the Court, in this very case."

at 5 Cranch, 9?.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

2.01

It is alleged, that the act of te 3d of March, 1803, .
is a mere affirmative act, in no. respect repugnant to Blatthe m the act of May, 1800,-until;by an actual commence- V.

ment of sales at Zanesville, itshall 6e rendered practi- Zane. cally repugnant. Very little examination will show

that this is the old question, in a new dress. -The

power to sell at Marietta was created by the act of May, 1800, and depended upon that act for its exist-

ewce. The act of March 3d, 1803, creates a power

to sell the same lands at Zanesville. These two

powers are inconsistent with, and repugnant to, each other. Both cannot subsiit at the same time. In

-deciding the question of repugnancy, we are not to

inquire only, whether the two powers can be con-

currently executed; it is indispensable to determine

whether they can exist together. Now, the power

to sell at Zanesville, given by the act of March, 1803,

is a complete, not an inchoative power. Although

no time is fixed at which that power shall be execii-

ted, yet the power itself is created, and if it exist,

then it is repugnant to the previous power, given to

sell at Marietta, and repeals that power. It is im-

possible that the Court cannot at once perceive the

distinction between creating the power to sell, and

providing for the immediate execution of that power.

It is because the complainant has not regarded the

distinctive character of these two circumstances, that

he has involved his argument in so much perplexity. And here, if it were essential to the argument, it

might be shown, that should it be conceded that

Congress did not intend to suspend the sal. s, and that such is the effect of our construction, yet it re-

VoL. VIU

2r

202

CASES IN, THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Matthewrs
v.
Zane.

sults from the .force of the terms used, contrary to the intention. They created a complete and perfect power to sell at Zanesville,* and omitted to provido, that the legal effect of-that power should be suspend-
ed, until measures were arranged for its immediate execution. So that the question still recurs, when was the power to sell at Zanesville, under the act
of March, 1803, actually created ? If, as we contend, that power existed the moment the act took effect, it was from that moment repugnant to the power of making sales of the same lands at Marietta. The two acts are, in no single view, affirmative of each other on' this point, although they both relate to.the sales of public lands. The legal power to sell at Zanesville must have existedi, separately and substantively, before any measure could be taken to carry that power, into effect. This consideration alone exposes the fallacy of connecting the power to sell, the appointment of the-.officers, and the conmencement of the sales, as all essential io the erection
of the district.

in. Mr.*Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinior of the Court. '.his suit was brought in the State Court of Ohio
for the purpose of obtaining a conveyance of a tract of land to which the complainant supposed himself to have the equitable title, founded, on an entry prior to that on which a grant had been issued to the de-
fendants. The State Court decreed that the bill
should be dismissed, and that decree is now before

OF THt.UNITED STATES0
this Court, on the allegation that the'Court of the State has misconstrued an act ot Congress.
The plaintiff has stated several equitable circumstances in aid of the title given by his entry; but unless his entry be in itself valid, there can have been no misconstruction of an act of Congress in dismissing the bill, and this Court cannot take into consideration any. distinct equity arising out of the contracts alid transactions of the parties, and creating a new and independent title. - The validity of the plaintiff's entry depends on the land laws of the 1nited States.
In May, 1800, Congress passed -an act dividing an extensive territory northwest of the river Ohio, into four districts ;,and establishing a land office in
each, for the sale of the public lands within that district. This act prescribes the time, place, and manner, in which the lands of each district shall be offered at public sale; and directs, also, the manner and terms in which those not sold at public sale may be disposed of at private sale. The lands of the district comprehending the tract in controversy were to be offered for public sale at Marietta, 'on the last Monday of May, 1801.
On the 3d of March, 1803, Congress passed an act, the 6th section of which creates a fifth district, and enacts that the lands contained within it "shall be offered for sale at Zanesville under the direction of a Register of the land office and Receiver of public moneys, to be appointed for that purpose, who shall reside at that place."
This district includes the land in controversy.

203
18n.
Mlatthews
V.
zane.

204
1822.
Matt' hews
V .
Zane.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
On the 26th of March, 1804, Congress passed an act entitled, " an act making provision for the disposal of the public lands in the Indiana territory, and for other purposes.")
This act comprehends the lands directed to be sold under the act of 1806, and 1803, as well as the lands in Indiana.
The 5th section enacts, that ," all the lands aforesaid," (except certain enumerated tracts, of which the land in controversy forms no part,) " be offered for sale to the highest bidder, under the direction of the Surveyor General, or Governor of the Indiana Territory, of the Register of the land office, and of the Receiver of public moneys at the places respectively where the land offices are kept, and on such day or days as shall, by a public proclamation of the President of the United States, be designated for that purpose."
On the 7th of February, 1804, Matthews applied to the Register of the Marietta District, and communicated to him his desire to purchase the land in controversy. The office ofReceiver being then vacant, no money was paid, and no entry was made; but the Register took a note or memorandum of the application.
The counsel for the plaintiff insists, that the title of his client commences with this application.
The law authorizes the respective Registers to sell at private sale all the lands which may remain unsold at the public sales, and says the sales " shall be made in the following manner, and nder the following conditions, to wit:

OF THE UNITED STATES.
. " At the time of purchase, every purchhser shall, exclusively of the fees hereafter mentioned, pay six dollars for every section, and three dollars for every half section he may have purchased, for surveying expenses; and deposit one-twentieth part of the amount of purchase money, to be forfeited if within foTty days one fourth part of the purchase money, including the said twentieth part, is not paid.
The payment of the money required by the act is obviously indispensable to the purchase. Without such payment, the sale prescribed by law could not be made ; and certainly no sale, had the Register attempted to make one, could be valid if made in opposition to the law. But the Register has not attempted to sell, nor could- Mr. Matthews have so understood the transaction. He took a note of die land the plaintiff intended to purchase; and, had the receipt of the Receiver been produced, might, perhaps, have made the entry. In so doing he would have acted in the double character of Register, and agent of the liurchaser.
That there was no Receiver was undoubtedly not the fault of Mr. Matthews; but this circumstance as completely suspended the power of selling land in the Marietta District as if there had been neither Register nor Receiver ; as if there had been no land office.
The trausactions then between Mr. Matthews and the Register on the 9th of February; 1804, may be put entirely out of the case.
On the 12th day of May, 1804, soon after the Re-

205
1822.
Alatthdw
V. zae.

206

CASES IN THE SUPREr4E COURT

1822.
"ihw
V.
Zne-.

ceiver had entered on the duties of his office, Mat-
thews paid the sum 6f money required by law, and made an entry for the land in controversy with the Register of the Marietta District.

The 12th section of the act of the 26th of March,

1(04. directed that "1the lands in the District of

Zanesville should be offered for public sale on the

thirdMonday of May."

In pursuance of this act, and of instructions from

the Secretary of the Treasury, the sale of the lands

in the.District did commence on that day; and, on

the 26th day of that month, the defendants became

the purchasers of, the lind in controversy.

This Court con- There are many charges of fraud in the bill. and

lned to the con-

siderationof the title set up un-

a

contract

between

the

parties

is alleged.

But this

der the act of C cannot look into those

Gongres.

ourt

circumstances, unless

they. had induced the Court of Ohio to determine

against the person having the title under the laws of

the United States. As this case stands, the opinion

of the State Court on the fraud and the contract, is'

conclusive ; and the only question to be discussed

here is, the title of the plaintiff under the acts of

Congress." This depends entirely on the validity of

his-entry made on the 12th of May, 1804.

a The cobstitution"o tibe U1nited States declares, (art. 3.
s. 2.) that9' the judicial power hall extend to all cases, in law and iquity,'arisingunder this consiitution, the Laws of the Uni-' tedStates, and treatiesmade, on which shall be made, under their authoritVYj to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers'and consuls ;" &c. And that, "Inall cases affecting
ambassadors, other public ministers, nod consuls, and those in wWich a State shall be a party, the Supreme Court shall h.avo

OF-THE UNITED.,STATES.

207

This questiqn has alre dy been decided in this Court.
original jurisdiction, In all the other cases before pentioned, the Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction,bot4 as to law andfact, rith such exceptions and under such regulationsas the Congress shaU make."
The judiciary act of 1789, c. 20. s. 25. provides, "that a fisial judgment, or decree, in any suit, in the highest Court of Law or Equity of a State, in which a decision of the suit could be had, where is drawn in question the validity of a treaty
or statute Of, or an authority -exercised under, the'UnigedSates,
and the decision is against their validity," &c.; "or where is drawn in question the construction of any clause of the constitution, or ofa treaty, or statute oJ, or commission held-under, the United States, andthe decision is againstthe title, right,privilege, or exception, specially set up by eitherparty, under such clause of the sai4 Constitution, treaty, statute, or commission, niay be re-examined and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United States, upon a writ of error," &c. "But no other errorshall be assigned or regarded as a ground of reversal, in any such case as aforesaid, than such as appearson theface oj the record, and immediately respects the beforementioned questions of validity or construction of the said comtitution, treaties, statutes, commissions,'or authorities, in dispute."
Under these 'provisions, with a view to the questions of jurisdiction in the above case, (Matthews v. Zane and others,) the following points -have been determined by this Court. In an action of ejectment between two citizens of the same State, in the State Court, for fainds within the State, if the defendant sets up an outstanding title in a British subject, which he contends is protected by the 9th art. of the treaty of 1794. between .the United States and Great Britaino, and that therefore, the title is out of the plaintiff; and the highest Court 'of Law or Equity of the State decides against the title thus set up, it is not a case in which a writ of error lies to this Court. The words of the judiciary act must be restrained by the, constitu-

182.
MBatthos
V.
Zane.

208

CASES IN T14B SUPREME COURT

1822.
Alatthews
v. Zaone.

The plaintiff brought an ejectment against the defendants for the lands in controversy; and, the judgment of the State Court being against him, the cause was brought by writ of error into this Court.

tion, which extends the judicial power to all cases arising uuder treaties made by authority of the United States. This is
not a case arising under the British treaty; and whether an outstanding title be-an obstacle to the plaintiff's recovery is a question exolesively for the decision of the State tribunal. But it,must be understood that4his Court has appellate juris-! diction where the treaty is drawn in question, whether incdentally or directly. Whenever a right grows out of, or is protected by a treaty made under the' authority of the United States, it is sanctioned against all the laws and judicial decisions of the respective States ; and whoever may have this right under such treaty, is to be pl'tected. Thus, if the British subjecti in whom was supposed to have bebn vested the outstanding title protected by the treaty, or his heirs, had claimed in the cause, it would have been a case arising under the treaty. But as neither his title, nor that of any person claiming under him, could be altected by, the decision, it was held not to be a case arising tinder a treaty. Owings v. Norwood, 5 Cranch, 344. But, where the decision-is against the validity of the treaty, or against the title, specially set, up by either party to the cause, under the treaty; this Court has jurisdiction, to ascertain that title, and determine its legal validity, and is not confined to the mere abstract construction of the treaty
itself. Smith v. The State of Maryland, 6 Cranch, 286. Martin v. Hunter, ante, vol. L p. 304. 357. The last clause in the 25th section of the judiciary act, which restricts the grounds of reversal to such as appearon the face of the,record, and immediately respect the construction of the treaty or statute .in dispute, applies only to cases where the parties claim under
various titles, and assert various defences, some of which may and others may not regard the construction of a treaty or

OF THE UNITED STATES.

209

hI February, 1809, the judgment of the State Court 1822. was affirmed, this Court being of opinion that the erection of the Zanesville District suspended the V. power of selling the lands lying within that district, at Marietta.
The counsel for the plaintiff contends, that several .CocuiwstioinnofKtahti,material circumstances which are now disclosed, did b14~- CrM7&-.z-9-, not appear in that case. But the Court is of api- rtnedca . nion, that the additional circumstances relied on in argument can, in no degree, affect the point decided in that case, which was, that the power of selling at Marietta ceased when the new district was estabished, so far as respected the land in that district.
This point has been re-argued with great labour and talent, and has been re-considered by the Court. The result of that re-consideration is, that the original opinion is correct. We still think, that on the passage of the act by which the District of Zanesville was created, and the land within it directed to be sold at that place, the power of selling the same land at Marietta necessarily ceased.
It is, we think, impossible to look at these acts without perceiving that the lands lying in one district could not be sold in any other. Their words and their policy equally forbid it. The land in controversy might have been sold at Marietta by the Register and Receiver of that place, previous to the

statute, and was intended to limit what would otherwise un-

questionably have attached to this Court, the right of revising

all4he points in dispute, and to confine it to such errors as re-

spect the. questions specified in the section. Alartinv. Hunter,

ante. vol. 1. 357.

VOL. VIF.

27

20o
1822. Matffhews
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
3d of March, 1803, because it 'lay in the districty the lands of which were directed by law to be st)ld at that place by those officers. Had the land been out of that District, it could never have been sold at that place, or by those officers. When, by law, a new district was formed, comprehqnding this land, and its sale'was directed at a different place, and bydifferent persons, the land is placed as entirely with.! out the District of Marietta, as if it had never been withinit. The power of the officers of the land office at Marietta to sell, is expressly limited to the lands within the district; and land which ceases to be within the district, is instantly, withdrawn from that power.
That the effect of this construction is to suspend the sales of land in the pnew district until the proper officers should be appointed,. does not, we think, operate against it. An immense quantity of land was in the market ; and the laws furnish no evidence in support of the opinion, that the eagerness to keep the whole continually within the reach of every purchaser, was so great as to hazard the confusion which might arise from any uncertainty respecting the office at which any portion of it might be acquired. If this intention had been so predominant, the legislature would certainly have provided that the lands in the Zanesville District might still he sold at Marietta until some day to be fixed in the lai by.which it might be supposed that the office at Zanesville would- come into operation. The omission- to make such a provision forbids the opinion that Congress considered the necessity of keeping till their lands in

QOF THE UNITED, STATES.
a state to be instantly acquired, as bping so urgent 1822. that a Court would be justifi-ed in 'c.onstruing..one of Matthews their statutes contrary to its words. The known v. rule being, that a statute for the commencement of Zane. which .no'time is fixed, commences from its date,I RtimuIeaof thetocathmenthe act of the 3d of March,. 1803, separated this meucemmt Of land from the Marietta District on that day, and .withdrew it from the direction and power of the officers of that district. It was legally competent to those who possess the power of appointment immediately to appoint necessary officers to carry on ihe sales at.Zanesville, and 'Congress did not think proper to provide for continuing the sales at Marietta until such officers should be appointed.
This Court, then, retains its opinion, that, independently of the act of the 26th of March, i804, the entry diade. by.Matthews on the 12th of May, 1804, would be invalid. That opinion is still fur,ther strengthed by the act last mentioned. That act, considering its 5th" and 12th sections together, directs all the lands in the Zanesville District to be sold under the authority of the proper officers on the third Monday of the ensuing May. Consequently there could be no power to sell, any of the land within that district at Marietta.
The case of the plaintiff may b6, and probably is, a-hard one. But to relieve him is not within the power of this Court.. We think the plaintiff is not entitled under the laws of the United States to the land le claims ; and that the decree ought to be
Affirmed with costs.

248
182t. BBlunt's Lessee.
Ymb.

CASES IN THE SUPRtEME COURT
Company, and contribute with the othermembers -thereof,inmaking good what they may lose in consequence of the demands of individuals, who stand in the predicament of Mrs. Gilman, for their proportion of the indemnity actually awarded to those whosp certificates of land on the New-England Company were adjudged to be valid.
An objection was made by the respondent to the want of parties; but the conclusion to which the Court has come renders it unnecessary to give any opinion on this point. The Court, however, would have hesitated in making any decree -against Mr. Jackson in the absence of his principals in whose favour the award was made, and who ought, if its merits were examinable, to have been afforded an opportunity of vindicating the giounds on which it was made.
It is the judgment of this Court, that the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the appellants' bill, be affirmed with costs.
Decree affirmed with costs.

(LoCAL LAW.]
BLUNT'S Lessee v. SMITH and Others.,
The decision of the Court below, granting or refusing a motion for a new trial, is not matter for which a writ of error lies to this Couit.
In Kentucky and Virginia the rule is, that a Court of common law cannot look beyond the patent; but in Tennessee the Courts of law, under their construction of the land laws of North Carolina, permit tho parties in an ejectment to go back to the original entry, and connect the patent with it.

DF THE UNITED ,STATES.
This construction is not limited to a comparison of the dates of the entries,1,ut admits of an inquiry into their legal effect as they stand in relation to each other.
The statutes of North Carolina, which have been construed to justify a Court of law in considering the entry as the commencement of title, are applicable t6 military warrants as well as other titles.
By the decisions of the Courts of Tennessee, the validity ofsurveys does not depend oh the will or directions of claimants; and though the mistakes of surveyors may be corrected, they cannot be corrected so as to injure a subsequent adjoining enterer.
The laws of North Carolina do not require that an entry should express therwater courses and remarkable places which are remote, but -onlythose which are contiguous, and which may assist in designating -the land intended to be acquired.
Yotoriey is not essential to the, validity of an entry in Tennessee, as it .is in Kentucky. The statute of Virginia, which is the land law of Kentucky, requires that entries shall be so special and certain that any subsequent locator may know how to appropriate the adjacent residuum. But the land law of North Carolina contains no such provision, and the doctrine which requires notoriety as well as identily, has -neverbeen received in Tennessee.

249
1822.
Blunt's LeVss. ee Smith.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of West Tennessee.

This was an action of ejectment, brought by the

plaintiff in error, in the Circuit Court, against the

defendants in error, to recover the possession of lands

in the State of Tennessee. The title of the plaintiff,

as spread upon the record, originated idi an entry

made on the 17th of March, 1785, in the following

words: " General Sumner enters 12,000 acres of

land, lying east of the upper south road, between the

head of Mile Creek, Little Harpeth, and Stewart's

Creek, and on the waters of some of the aforemen-

tioned creeks, including some deadened trees, mark-

cd 1. F." The deadened trees were never found. On

this entry a patent was issued by the State of North

Carolina, on the 27th day of April, 1793, to which

VOL. VJI

32

250'

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

isn2.
BBluuntt's Les1s. ee
Smth.

was attached a platt and certificate of survey purport-
iug to be made by Thomas Malloy, a deputy surveyor, on the 20th of November, 1786.
The defendants claimed under a patent issued to William Tyrrell, assignee, on the 10th of April, 1797. This grant was founded on an entry made in the name of John Gee, on the 1st of June, 178b, in the following words: "John Gee, heir of Captain James Gee, enters three thousand eight hundred and forty acres of land, lying and adjoining the northern boundary of Brigadier 'General Jethro Sumner, running west along his line for complement."
The defendants gave in evidence the record of a former trial in ejectment for the same land, in which
the verdict and judgment were against the plaintiffs, pjid the testimony of Burkley Pollock, a Witness ex-
amined at that trial, who is since dead, and who swore that he made the survey for General Sumner before Gee's entry was made. A copy of the platt and certificate of survey made by Pollock, and recorded in the Secretary's office of North Carolina, properly authenticated, was also given in evidence.
By the platt and certificate of survey, it appears that the land of Sumner was laid off by Pollock, in a parallelogram, the base or first line of which extend. ing from west to east, was 1292 poles, and the side lines 1486 poles. The patent which was is.ued on the platt and certificate returned by Malloy, had the same base line, but the side line is extended to 1737
poles, and the survey is said to include 2026 acres, belonging to Lieutenant Thomas Pastedbr.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Tfie defendants also gave in evidence copies of a petition presented to the General Assembly of North Carolina, at their session held in November, 1786, by the guardian of the plaintiff, praying that a separate warrantmight be issue.d to the heirs of-General Sumner for the quintity of land included in his survey to which Lieutenant Pasteur had a prior title, and the, proceedings of the legislature, granting the prayer of the petition. The defendants also gave in evidence acertified copy of a certificate granted by the Commissioners of West Tennessee to the heirs of General Sumner, for so much land as was equal to the quantity lost by the prior title of Lieutenant Pasteur, and a copy of the-testimony. on which this certificate was founded.
To the -admission of all these copies, it is stated in the bill of exceptions the plaintiff's counsel objected, but his objections were overruled, and the papers were read.
Some testimony was offered by the defendants, to prove that in.the survey of Sumner's land by Pollock, a second as well as the first line was run, and corner trees marked at the end of that line, so as to fix the northern boundary of Sumner's land; but other testimony was offered-by the plaintiff to prove thaL only the first linei which established the southern boundary, was run.
After the testimony was closed, the counsel for the plaintiff moved the Court to instruct the jury, "that they should not regard the said copies from the Secretary's office of North Carolina, and of the proceedings before the Commissioners of West Tennessee as

1822.
Blunt's
Lessee
SjiJL

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1822. having any effect in the said cause; and that the en"3-3=lunt's try "in the name of Gee, on which the grant to TyrLessee rel purported to be founded, could not be located as a
V.ih special entry to any place, or if to any place, only to the northern boundary of Sumner's land on which the grant was founded, as granted and described in the platt and certificate ;" but the judge refused so to instruct the jury, but infbrmed them that all said documents, except the proceedings before the Commissioners, %hich should have no weight in the cause, should be considered as testimony by them: and that the platt and certificate made by Pollock, if he marked no uxore of the corners and lines of Sumner's tract, but the southern boundary, and south east-corner and south-west corner, would show, by calculation, where the northern boundary of his -tract should be according to said platt, and locate said Sumner's entry and land to the south of that line, and fix said entry in the name of Gee to the north of that line, and make it special from the date of the survey made by Pollock for that place; and that the grant to Tyrrel, although founded on a survey made long after the grant to Sumner was issued, should relate back to the date of said entry, and give a good title to those holding under the said grant to the land north of the north boundary as represented in the platt, &c. made by Pollock, against the title derived from Sumner's grant and entry ; and that Sumner's grant should be considered as made on a removed warrant, for all the land north of what is represented in said platt, inad. by Pollock, as his northern boundary."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

_M

Mr. Gaston, for the plaintiff in error, argued, that 18V. the practice which prevails in the State of Tennes-
see, ot pe-mitting.a younger to compete with an el- e
der grantee in ejectment, by reason of the elder and better entry of such younger grantee, was admitted F. 25t&. in the Tennessee adjudications to be an usurpation on the p--t of the Courts of law introduced since the year 17:18, and now too long established to be ques-
tioned.a All agree thai this innovation is not to be carried beyond its ascertained limits.' To this well meant but impolitic assumption of power in their Courts of Law is ascribed, with one voice, the fatal uncertainty A :he Tennessee land laws.F The eldest graur is esteemed conclusive evidence of title except in the single case of an elder legal entry.' And every species of evidence to make a younger compete with an elder grant, shall be rejected -except the entry.e The acts of N. Carolina of 1786, c. 20.and 1787, c. 23. are the only statutes authorizing a Court of law to go beyond the grant in the examination of land claims, and under these the Courts heve gone far enough, to say the least of it, when they look to the entry.f Under these statutes, declaring an elder grant founded on a younger entry

a Wilson v. Kilcannon, 1 Tenn. Rep. 205. b I Tenn. Rep. 409. 411. 2 Tenn.Rep. 153, 154.

1 Cooke's

Rep. 32. 5 Hayw. Rep. 402.

c 2. Tenn. Rep. 17.5 cayw. 102. Polk's Lessee v. Wendel,

5 Wheat. Rep. 302.

d .1 Cooke's Rep, 133.

e Reid v. Buford, I Tenn. Rep. 420.

f Lester v. Craig, 1 Cooke"s Rep. 485. 487.

254
1822.
B l 7nt's
LeVss.ee
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPAEME COURT
void, the Tennessee Courts have decided that the p. riority of entries is examinable at law, and that a junior patent founded on a prior entry shall prevail in an action of ejectment against a senior patent founded on a junior entry; but this doctrine has never been extended beyond the.cases which have been construed to be within the express purview of these
statutes.4 It must be conceded, !hat in some of the Tennes-
see.decisions military grants have been regarded as liable to the application, of the same rule of preference from priority of entry or locations, as had been established in cases of grants founded on ordinary entries. It is difficult to say, when an error shall be deemed too inveterate to be corrected. Perhaps this may be the case with respect to the application of this rule to military grants. If it be not, nothing can be more easy than to show, that admitting the rule to be correct, military grants ought not to be brought within the sphere of its operation. The act of 1777, c. 1. opened a land office in North Carolina for the sale of vacant and 'unappropriated lands. The 4th and 5th sections prescribe as terms and conditions of the sale, payment by the purchaser of the required price, and a description in writing specifying the quantity and defining the situation of the laud which he buys. This land office was. shut by the act of 1781, c. 7. It was again opened by the act of 1783, c. 2. entitled "An act for opening the land office, for the redemption of

a Robinson v. Campbell, 3-Wheat.o-Rep. 221.

OP THE UNITED STATES.
specie' and other certificates and discharging the arrears due to the army." The 10th and IIth sections of this act require that the individual wishing to enter a claim for vacant land, shall pay the price of it to the entry taker, and deliver a writing signed with his name, setting forth where the land shall be situated; and that the entry taker shall endorse this written claim (or location) with the name of the claimant and record it in his entry-book, and in due time shall issue to the surveyor a warrant commanding him to survey for the claimant the land described in such entry. When the act of 1777 was passed, an appropriation of lands as a retribution for military service had not been contemplated, and the act of 178Mi, above referred to, expressly excepts from entry (sec. 12.) all lands lying within the bounds reserved for the officers and soldiers of the Continental line. The act of 1779, c. 6, which was also passed before an appropriation of lands for military services directs the surveyor, where entries interfere, (sec. 6.) to survey the eldest entry first. The act of 1783, above referred to, under which military lands are forbidden to be entered, provides that all the warrants for entries shall be delivered by the entry taker to the surveyor on certain prescribed days, and that the surveyor shall proceed in his surveys in the order of the numbers and dates of the entries. All these enactments proc.eed upon the obvious principle that the first person who has bought and paid for any particular tract of land shall be entitled to a grant for it. The act of 1786, c. 20. and the act of 1787, c.- 23. "from which alone the Courts of law claim an authority to go beyond the grant in

20
1822.
Blunt%
Ieec smit.

26

CASES IN THE- SUPREME COURT

1822.
' Mlunt'a' LeVs.see
Smith.

the examination of land claims, and beyond the .express purview whereof this doctrine ought not to be -carried,' 'a are each of them, in title-inpream-
ble--in express enactment, definitively restricted, in this respect, to entries of vacant and unappropriated lands under the acts of 1777 and 1783.
By an act of Assembly of.May 1780, referred to in the 7th section of the act of 1782, a certain tract of country was -reserved to be apropriated. to the purpose of reivarding the bravery and zeal of the Continental officers and- soldiers in the .service of the state of N. Carolina. By the act of 1782, c. 3. entitled, "An act for the relief of the officers and soldiers of the Continental line, and for other purposes," it is enacted that these officers and soldiers shall severally have such a number of acres of land, varying according to rank in a certain ratio specified in the act, and preliminary measures are directed to be taken for exploring and laying off the lands out of which this military bounty, or rather military debt, shall be satisfied. By the act of 1783, c. 3, entitled, "An act to amend the last mentioned act," it is declared that the persons entitled to military grants under the act referred to shall, on application to the Secretary of State, receive from
him warrants of survey for such quantities of land as they are respectively entitled to " within the limits. of the lands reserved for the officers and sol-
diers," directed to a surveyor appointed for thaf special purpose. No previous entry is required from a

a 3 Wheat..Rep. 221

OF THE UNITED STATES.

military claimant, and the warrant of survey is re-

stricted only by-the boundaries of the te.rBrilutonity's set apart for the satisfaction of military. claims. In en-

deavouring to pay the debt.of gratitude due to her

brave defenders, the State -recognizes no priority of

merit among- them.- The consideration for these

grants has been received from all, and from all at the,

same-time. There is' no first or second purchaser

among them, nor has there been a purchase of any

particular lands, but only of specified quantities of

land. To prevent disputes -which might arise be-

tween -two or more -of them wishing to have their

warrants satisfied at the same place, only two pro-

visions are made : one that the choice shall be de-

cided by lot, and the other, that he who has assented

to his brother soldier's location, shall not afterwards

interfere with it. No enactment was ever made that the warrants of survey should all be delivered at

prescribed times, nor that they should be surveyed

in the order of their dates or numbers, nor that grants founded on younger warrants should be void. Until

the act of sess. I. of 1784, c. 15., -entitled an act to

amend the act of 1782, c. 3., no mode whatever

lhad been provided by which a memorandum of'the

military locations should be preserved. That act directed that the surveyor to whom the military

warrants were directed should keep a book contain-

ing a minute.of the name of the military claimant-

number of his- location-number of his warrant, of

the quantity of acres, date, and description of his location. The necessity of some such memorial, as

a check upon the officers of government and preven-

Vor. VIL

33

257
1822.
LeVs_s.ec suth.

268
1822.
" Blunt~s
Lessee
V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tive of fraud, is too manifest to require any other reason to .be given for this statutory provision. But to declare that because such statutory provision is
made, that, therefore, the posite and special enactments which have been made in regard to entries in the general land office, shall obtain in these locations, and that enactments thereafter to be made, restricted in terms to the former, shall be law also in regard to the latter, may pass for any thing as well as for judicial exposition.
If, however, this Court should consider such judicial exposition as established, the inquiry then distinctly presents itself, can Tyrrel's grant claim a preference over Sumner's grant, to which it is younger, by reason of Gee's better entry ? The entry to which is allowed the extraordinary property of causing the grant subsequently issued to have legal operation from the date of the entry, is on all hands required to be a "1special entry." It has been found a difficuh matter to define this " specialty" with precision. T he circumstances which make up this specialty are either such as are fitted to identify the entry, or to give it notoriety ; and an entry is not now acknowledged as a special entry unless notoriety and identity both concur.a In regard to the identity of an entry, this must'depend on facts existing at the date of the entry, and appearing on its face, or to be collected by plain inference from those which do appear on its face. The notoriety of an entry is a different affair. Occurrences happening after an

See Dallam's Lessee v. Breckenridge, Cook's.Rep. 157.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
entry has been made may render it very notorious, although but little known before. But no subsequent occurrences can have any effect upon the identity of an entry. The entry is a matter of record accessible to every individual. It ought to be so definite, that all-who are acquainted with the country may be enabled,.on an examination of it, to ascertain where it lies, and to avoid interference with it." No act less authentic in its nature, such as a survey -no act which is not a matter of record, however notorious it may be, is considered as giving this legal notification.' In North-Carolina and Tennessee, no record is made of surveys. The surveyor returns two platts to the Secretary's office, one of which is kept thereiand the other appended to the grant. As every individual has it in his power to procure knowledge of an entry, he is presumed to have such knowledge, and if he locate land which has been be-fore entered, he is in the condition of a purchaser with notice of a prior equitable right, affected with a legal fraud, and trustee for the equitable owner. Land titles must rest on general principles, and the entry, special on its face, and made of record, is not to be supplied by other evidence of an inferior character, but which might be thought reasonably equivalent.c It would be an unwarrantable, and a most alarming extension of a principle, already carried too far, to permit an entry originally wandering to be-

259
1822. Nunes LeVs.sen
smitb.

a Anderson v. Cannon, 1 Cooke's Rep. 30, 31. b b. 32, 33. 3 Haywv. 186. 215. 217. Wilson v. Mason, I Cranch, 99. e Wilson v. Mason, 1b.

260
1822.
]Blunt's
LeVss.ee Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
come fixed, originally vague to become specific, by matter 'ex postfacto, and from the time of this change of character to give it the efficacy of retractingthe
grant to itself. The entry must, on its face, be fixed to some spot.a It is foreign from the present inquiry to examine under what circumstances a defect of notoriety in an entry, always sufficiently definite, may be remedied by subsequent occurrences, and what. shall be the operation of such entry after it becomes notorious.b
Gee's entry is for 3,840 acres adjoining the northem boundary of "1General Sumner, and running west along his line for complement." It contains no other words of description, and of course can only be identified by those. It calls for the northern boundary of General Sumner's-what? The plaintiff contends, of General Sumner's enfry. Sumner's entry, and Gee's entry, are records of the same office, and in the same book. To this book every locator has a right to recur for the purpose of ascertaining where he may procure lands without interference with prior appropriations. A locator reads Sumner's entry, dated the 17th of March, 1785, and on the next page he meets with Gee's, dated the 1st of June, 1785, containing no other description than that it adjoins Sumner's northern boundary. It is impossible but that he should understand the latter entry as entirely depending on the former. There

a 1 Tenn. Rep. 407. 411, 412. Id. 505. 607. b Simm's Lessee v. Dickson, I Cooke's Rep. 141. Trimble, 1 Cooke's Rep. 87, 288.

Baird v.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
is no intimation to him that a survey has been made 1822. of Sumner's entry. Calling ~foBrluitnst'nsorthern boundary, and to run west along that line gives no such LeVs'see hint, for all the military entries are required "to be smith. run out at the four cardin'al points of the compass either in a square or an oblong " Act of 1784, c. 15. see. S. If there has been such a survey he has not the means of.seeing it-is uninstructed where to look for it. He is not apprised of the names of those who made it, or from whori he may learn what lines of it W#ere run. lie must understand the refereiice in Gee's entry as made to that which is accessible -to him-which is spread before his eyesto General Sumner's entry. As the object of a special entry is to enable those who examine it to ascertain where it lies, the information which such an entry necessarily conveys to the examiner must be supposed to be the information which the enterer intended to convey. Had Sumner's entry been on its face special, and fixed to a particular spot, it is impossible to deny but that Gee's entry by these words of reference would have been equally definite and special. And if a survey had been made of Sumner's entry varying from its precise requisition, Gee's entry would still have remained fixed to the spot which thp record indicated-would not have followed Sumner's survey in its wanderings, nor lost its claims to specialty and certainty.
To suppose Gee's entry to refer to the northern boundary of -Sumner's survey, as ascertained by Pollock's plan and certificate, is full of difficulties. It presumes that such survey had then certainly been

262

CASES IN TH9 SUtWEME COURT

1822.
- Blunt's,, LeVss- ee
Smith.

made, and platt and certificate returned. It presumes that these, or some of these, were known ;to Gee. It presumes that this platt and certificate, and
survey, were so notorious that every subsequent locator would understand words of referenpa in a book of entries, as applying not to an entry but to a survey. Yet there is nothing to show that this alleged survey ever became notorious, even to this day. There is nothing to prove that Gee had any knowledge of this survey, or that the platt had, at the date of his entry, found its wayinto the Secretary's office. Nor is there any testimony to show that any survey had then been made except the date of Pollock's certificate, a paper of very questionable character, produced under circumstances of great suspicion, and emanating from one who seems destitute of all claims to credit. The supposition that the words in Gee's entry refer to Pollock's platt takes for granted facts not proved; accordingly we find the Court instructing the jury that this platt, if Pollock marked but one line, C1would show" where, by calculation, the northern boundary of Sumner's tract should be
according to that platt-would make Gee's entry special from the date of Pollocks survey, and would cause Tyrrels grant to relate back to the date of Gee's entry." Thus the Court undertook to pronounce that Gee's entry was subsequent to the marking of one of Sumner's lines by Pollock, and to the legal completion of Pollock's survey. It is not necessary, and, perhaps, it is not practicable, to clear up the mystery which Pollock's platt throws over this transaction. But it would seem probablo

OF THE UNITED STATES.
that Pollock, having made out a platt, presented it to his immediate principal, Malloy, and that Malloy, kniowing of its interference with Lieutenant Pasteur's prior right, instead of adopting this platt as his ownl, made a new platt and certificate, extending the second and fourth lines sufficiently far to comprehend the twelve thousand acres exclusive of Pasteur's land. Malloy's platt and certificate were duly returned to the office, for on them the grant actually issued ; and it is likely that when he returned them he gave the information to Armstrong that Pollock was, in fact, to be credited for -the work to which Malloy's name appeared, as it is otherwise unaccountable that any explanation to that effept should have been either-.given or required. Pollock had, no doubt, in conformity to the ordinary requisias of the law, prepared two platts. The one not delivered to Malloy afterwards found its way (at what time, or by what means, it is impossible to say) into the Secretary's office. Is it unfair to conclude that it was not there in 1793, or otherwise Sumner's grant would have conformed to it? The grossest frauds and irregularities have taken place in the Military Land Othce of North Carolina. These have been proclaimed by the public statutes of the State, (Acts of 1797, c. 245. and 1798, c. 14.) Pollock, whose certificate has caused all this perplexity, was examined as a witness for the defendants on a former occasion, to invalidate the plaintiff's claim. He swore to the running of Sumner's second line, and the marking of the third corner agreeably to this place. Munifee proved that Pollock did not run

265
1822.
Blunt's
Lesee
V.
smith.

264
1822.
% % Blunt's Lessee Smith.

CASES IN TH9 SUPREME COURT
the second line, nor mark the third corner. . All the witnesses concurred that not a marked tree was to
be found after leaving Sumner's first line ; and the demonstration of nature was given to prove the false-, hood of his allegation about the third corner. There was no evidence to fix the actual running of Sumner's first line more precisely than to the year f785 or 1786. Under all these circumstances, was it not, at least, a matter of doubt whether Pollock's survey, had been made-had been ratified by his superior-, had been filed in the office before the 1st of June, 1785 ? And if the construction of Gee's entry, given by the Circuit Court, presupposed the existence of facts not ascertained, then an important inquiry was decided by the Court, which belonged exclusively to the cognisance of the jury.
If Gee's entry rests its claim to certainty upon its reference to Sumner's entry, it can advance no higher pretension than Sumner's to be regarded as a special entry. No evidence having been given of the deadened trees marked I. J., Sumner's entry is thus far fixed, "on the east side of the upper south road, between the heads of Mill Creek, Little Harpeth, and Stewart's Creek, and on the waters of some of them,") and Gee's is thus far fixed "to adjoin Sumner's on the north." If the first be vague, so is the second, "1fixed in an orb that flies." If the first be sufficiently special, it will apply, as well to that part of the land covered by both grants, as to that covered by Sumner's, and not comprehended within Tyrrcl's. Indeed, to have surveyed Sumner's a little firther to the north and west. so as to cause it to take in

OF TIJE UNITED STATES
more of the land covered by Tyrrel's grant, would have more nearly conformed to the entry than does the survey on which the grant has issued.
Should it be objected on the part of the defendant, that Sumner's grant issued on a second survey after a former survey made and returned, the objection will.avail them nothing. Where the State has authorized the granting of lands, and a grant is made, such grant, notwithstanding any irregularities, is good against future claims.a A survey on which a grant has not issued, is no estoppel to another survey.' If a surveyor mistake in running out land, it is reasonable that he may correct that mistake before a grant issues, so that the rights of-innocent third persons be not thereby injured.c Unless Gee's entry is identified to the land excluded from the first, and comprehended within the second survey, it cannot be pretended that Gee's rights were injured by such second survey. The survey on Gee's entry was made in 1796, ten years after the survey on which Sumner's grant was founded, and three years after Sumner's grant had issued; and the surveyor of Gee's entry had with him on the survey a platt of Sumner's tract representing the courses and distances as specified in the platt annexed to Sumner's grant.
Fiom some of the facts mentioned in the bill of exceptions, it might be supposed that the parties intended to raise the question of the statute of limita-ions. It is belived, however, that is a question on

265
I 8e.
Blunt's
Lesee
S.

a 1 Tenn. Rep. 322.

bWhite v. Crocket, 3 Hayw. 183. 181.

c I Tenn. Rep. 6.

VOL. VII.

4

W26,
1822.
13lunt's LeV.sse
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
which this Court will not give an opinion. The statute of Westminster, the 2d, 13 Edw. . ch. 31. which gave the remedy of a bill of exceptions, emphati-
cally confines the attention of the Court of Errors to the exception taken, "and if the justice cannot deny his seal, they shall proceed tojudgment, according to the same exception as it ought to be allowed or disallowed." It does not appear that any opinion was given in the Circuit Court on the statute of limitations, or that it came into consideration there. The instruction to thejury was founded solely on the supposed relation of Tyrrel's grant to the date of Gee's entry, so as to overreach Sumner's prior grant. A bill of exceptions does not draw the whole matter into examination, but only the points to which it is taken, and of course must be regarded as stating such facts only as will enable the revising Court to judge of the matter excepted to.a It may not be amiss however, to state, that on this quesiion as presented by the facts appearing on the bill of excep. tions, the plaintiff claims to be entitled to recover. The 'Tennessee adjudications have settled that persons "beyond seas," have eight years after returning to the State, within which to make their entry, or bring their writ ;b and this Court has decided that the words " beyond seas," are equivalent to "without the limits of the State.17c In this case it is explicitly stated that the lessor of the plaintiff never was within the limits of the State of Tennessee.
a Bridgman & Holt, Show.Parl.Cases, 120. Bull, N. P. 316. Frier v. Jackson, 8 Johns. Rep. 495.
b 2 Tenn. Rep. 341. c Murray v. Baker, 3 WHeat. Rep. 541.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

267

Mr. White, for the defendants in error, stated that before a discussion of the main question presented by this record, the attention of the Court ought to be directed to the only bill of exceptions which was either tendered in, or signed by the Circuit Court. By that it would appear, that no exception whatever was taken to the instructions given to th~jury, at any time before the verdict was rendered. If the plaintiff was dissatisfied with the charge, that dissatisfaction oughtto have been expressed immediately; remaining silent until the rendition of the verdict was a waiver of any exception, which might have availed the party if it had been taken immediately. The first error assigned, as to the charge, is upon a motion for a new trial, after the refusal of which, the bill of exceptions was tendered and signed. Whether the Court decided correctly or not in refusing the new trial, is a point which this Court- will not revise, as has been so well settled, that it would only be a waste of time to refer to decisions in support of this statement
If these preliminary objections are well taken, there is no point brought here, for examinatiou, which can admit of any doubt.
It is to be regretted, that, from the bill of exceptions, we are not at liberty to examine the question, relative to the statute of limitations.' It is sufficient to say that only one opinion could be entertained upon it, if it was fairly discussed.
But as it is possible that we may be mistaken in

182n.
'B7lujt's~
L.eVsre. e
Smith.

Bull. N. P. 115.

268
1822. %now
Bluntys Leee
sat.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
supposing that the charge of the judge below is not before this Court. Should that be the case, it
is submitted that the charge was strictly correct. The line E. F., represented on platt No. 3. must be considered as between these parti6s the northern boundary of Sumner: (1.) Because the proof shows satisfactorily, that in May, 1785, Sumner caused his entry to be surveyed by Pollock: that the corner at A. was made, the lines A. B. and B. E. were then run, and these three corners marked. A platt and certificate of this survey was made, and with the warrant, returned to the Secretary's office. The moment these things were done, the surveyor was, as to this transaction,funtdus officio, the boundaries of Sumner's 12,000 acres were fixed, and he who then made an entry, calling to adjoin him on the north, can never be disturbed by aiiy after act of others, changing Sumner's boundary. The defendant's entry was made on the first day of June, 1785, and his grant is to be viewed as if issued on that day because the entry on which it it issued is special.
The plaintiff is not now at liberty to say, the fact is not as I have stated ; although there is a contrariety of evidence upon the fact, whether the line B. E. was run by Pollock, yet as the plaintiff excepted to the charge, the fact is to be taken most strongly against him2a But if this be not so, still it is insisted that no man can doubt the running the line A, B. and marking those two corners by Pollock, an authorized surveyor, in May 1785. This line is now, and

a Bull. XVP. 117.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
has at all times been, the southern boundary of Sumner's tract. It is therefore contended, (2.) That on the 1st ofJune,1785, when the entry of Gee was made, he had a right to include in it any land which Sumner's entry did not notify him was included within Sumner's claim. Of what then was Sumner's entry notice? That Sumner had appropriated 12,000 acres which was to run north from B. as many poles as would make that quantity, and nothing more. This will stop us at E. and still make- E. F. the northern boundary, which Gee callsto adjoin. The officers and soldiers had equal rights: they had each paid the same kind of consideration, and each had a right to appropriate to his own use any vacant land he could find, within the military district; and all was vacant, except that which had been either granted, or so described in an entry, as to afford reasonable notice, to all others, of the spot appropriated by such entry. On the 1st of June, 1785, when Gee entered, how could he know that Sumner's boudfdary would be changed by extending the line from B. so as to include 14,000 acres of land, when his entry called for 12,000 only ? It was impossible. Yield to the pretensions on the other side, and suppose the facts to be, as we may well suppose it, that there was-a succession of entries, each calling to bound upon the north of the other, and look at the consequences. By changing Sumner's northern boundary, you change the northern boundary of each succeeding entry, and by this means there is an exchange of tracts to the northern boundary of the State, and the last is pressed into the adjoining State.

2W 182.
Lemo
S .

1822.
Blunt's Lesee
-Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPRE=, COURT
The position is too mischievous to be well founded. But it has been argued that the decisions in Ten-
nessee, which authorize an entry to be noticed as
evidence in a Court of law, are founded in error, and ought not to be extended.
To those 'who have no knowledge of the peculiar situation of Tennessee, when North Carolina legislated upon this subject,'there is plausibility in this argument: but when the situation of that country is understood, and the statutes relative to this point considered, it is believed, there can be found no ground of doubt upon the subject. It has been often examined, and for many years the point has not only been considered as decided, but decided so often, that it is settled, and settled upon principles which every one will believe correct who will take the trouble to examine them.
It has been further argued, that if th6 defendants are permitted to introduce their entry in this case it will be going farther than has been done in Tennessee.
The counsel who use this argument have not examined this subject with their usual correctness. The principle settled in every case is, that either party, plaintiff or defendant, may introduce his entry, and if that entry is special, and so describes the land afterwards granted to the enterer, that his title shall be considered, as if this grant had issued on the day his entry was made.
It has likewise been insisted, that there is very little pretence for putting grants founded upon military warrants upon the same footing with thoso bot.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tomed on entries made under.the acts of 1777 and im. 1783.
But the Courts have made no distinction, nor Lessee
V.
ought they to make any, that could benefit the plain- Sti6 tiff. If qny distinction can be found, it is that there is more reason for receiving the entry in the former case than the latter. In the latter, the entry office was in N. Carolina, remote from the land to be entered. In the former the office directed to be kept at Nashville, in the military district ; to the end that the officers and soldiers might conveniently examine it, and become informed of previous appropriations. Upon inspecting this record, and the facts there disclosed, it must be manifest that Sumner's boundary is the line E. F. If not, how came the plaintiff by the certificate for 1808 acres of land, on account of the interference with Pasteur's ? It could not have been procured, because there would have been 12,000 acres exclusive of Pasteurs's claim, and no certificate could have been procured. There is, therefore, the representation to the General Assembly of N. Carolina, the application to the Board of Commissioners, the testimony of many respectable witnesses, and the persuasive evidence furnished by the verdicts of three different juries, all concurring in the fact that the line E. F. is Sumner's northern boundary. Why should it be disturbed ? The plaintiff now holds within that line about 11,000 acres of land, and has a land warrant, or certificate for 1808 acres in compensation for that taken by Pasteur ,making in all about 13,000 and that without interfering with the defendants. They ought not to be disturbed, 'and

272

CASES IN THE SUPREM1E COURT

1822.
'pBelrusuot'nss
Lesee .ith.

the more especially as the record shows, that many are now dead, who formerly gave material
evidence,and upon whose evidence the two first verdicts were founded.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is a writ of error to a judgment in ejectment rendered in the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of West Tennessee, which was brought by the plaintiffs in error. After a verdict in favor of the defendants, the counsel for the plaintiff moved for a new trial, which was refused. To the opinion of the judge, overruling the motion for a new trial, and also to his charge to the jury, the plaintiff excepted, and the cause comes on now to be heard on his exceptions
It is well settled that this Court will not revise the opinion of a Circuit Court, either granting or rejecting a motion for a new trial; but the exception to the charge of the judge, although taken after a motion for a new trial, may have been and probably was reserved at the time the charge was given, and will therefore be considered.
The exception to this charge of the Court below, consists of two parts:
1st. To so much of it as admits the copies taken from the Secretary's office of North Carolina, as evidence in the cause.
2d. To so much of it as admits the validity of Gee's entry, and gives it the preference to so much of Sumner's patent as comprehends land not embraced in Pollock's survey.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The first point seems notto have been relied on

"bythe plain "ti.cSounsel in -arguatent; and has, we think, been very properly abahdoned. These docu-

meats were. official copies of papers belonging to the

title of ,the parties; taken frbm the office in Which

those papers were kept, and regularly authenticated.

We-perceive no ground on which the objections to

,their admission could be sustiined. . If the charge of

the. judge went beyond these official copies to the

proceedings of the legislatuie, and the record of the

former-triali we perceive no.errior in this. The for-

mer trial was-between.parties or privies, and the pe-

tition to. the legislature was the act of the party by

gurdian, the .resolution of the General Assembly

on which,.was a.measure 6f the whole State, the ef-

feet of which in this or any other case, might be con-

troverted, but.to which.all interested in it might have

recourse.

The sedond part of the charge presents a question

of more intricacy, Which requires an attentive consi-

deration of the land laws of. North Carolina, and of

the.deeisions of the Courts of Tennessee.

In Kentucky and in Virginia the rule is, that a

Court of common law cannot look beyond the pa-

tent; but in Tennessee it is understood to be other-

wise., The Courts of law in that state allow the

parties, in an ejectment, to gob ack to the original en-

try, and to connect the patent with it. This rule is

founded on the-land laws of North Carolina, which

,have been46onstrued in Tennessee. to permit and re-

quire*.i-- But the, plaintiffs contend that this con-

stri ction has been limited to the comparison of the

VOL. VII.

5

273
1822
BIunt%
V.

274
1822.
Blunts Le1s7s.ee
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
dates of the entries, and admits of no inquiry into their legal effect as they stand in relation to each other.
If the question were to depend merely on its rea-
son, it would be difficult to support the opinion that a Court authorized to compare entries with each other, should not, in the exercise of this power, be jermitted to examine their whole legal operation and relative effect. If it were to depend upon a construction. now, for the'.ifrst time to be,given to the acts of North Carolina, we should fid great difficuliyin maintaining that they allow"' the' entries -to be compared so far as respects dates, but no farther. T!io act of November) 1786, ch. 20, in its preamble, recites, that "Whereas it is the intent and meaning of the said act," (the actfor opening' the land-office,) "6andof the act hereby revived and put in-force, that the first enterers of the vacant 'and',unappropriated
lands, if specially located, the-rein described, shall
have preference of all others," -&c. The 1st section then enaots,-" Thatevery first, enterer of any tract of land-, specially located, lying-in. the western parts of this state,",&c. shall have a further-time for making his surveys, and that grants upon lands previously entered by any other person shall be void,
The same act allows a survey to be made on removed, warrants, in cases where the warrants, were originally located on 'lands which had' been previously entered "as the law directs," by some other person, "provided such lands were at the -time of such survey actually 'Vacant, and'-that such survey on removcd warrants shall not affect or injure the right of

OF THE UN MD STATES.
any tands enitered, and -VedWy loctred; iWthe office aforesaid preVious to suah survey."I
The act of-November, 1787,"ch, .2, directs all surveyors ' to. survey lands -according to thair priority _of entry.; and that every grant, obtained'on a! ttbse:quent entry, contrary -to therovisions of that act, shall-be void. Theoriginqacehad prescribed the manner-bf makingatries anld those -made in pursuance of law argconsideredspecial
Between. sprcial .gefries th'e first is undoubfedly to h& preferred'- tutifinentry bu-'special 'ahd, the dther-v.rub, asif 'one -should,descfibb the land intended -to be acquir:6& in conformity with the act, and tlie other- shouldd: totally omit to give a description which might designate the place, should enter 5,000 acres of-land,-ying in thecounty of A'without.nam-ingL-.ay place in the county to which' it might be fiked, could it be contended that, on any fair construciion of the acts, this entry would prevail against one which was special, but was subsequently nade ? We think it could not. The acts of North C~rolina appear to us to have been intended to pieserve the priority of legal entries, not of those made contrary to law.
We.do not think.that the decisions of the Courts of Tennessee establish a contrary principle. Several dicta are to be-found in the cases stating the rule to be, that Courts will go beyond the grant only to support a prior entry, but these dicta 'were applied to thid exclusion- 6f extrinsic iiaatter, not to the exclusion of considerations belonging to the entries themselves.

275
18n
Lseo sfiit.

-276
1822.
]Blunt's
Lessee
V.
Smith.

CASES IN. THE SUPREME COURT
The title to lands surveyed on removed warrants, has never been carried back to the entry ; and on the same principle the title to lands surveyed off the entry, can have no date anterior to the patent, so far as the survey does not conform to the entry. (1 Tenn. Rep. 172. 351. 506. 413.)
The effects of entries, then, as well as their dates, is considered by the Courts of Tennessee.
It hasalso been contended that this principle ought not to be applied to military grants. The acts of North Carolina, which have been construed to justify a Court of law in considering the entry as the commencement of title, are not, it is agreed, applicable to military warrants. But the act of 1786, c. 20. on which this construcjion is supposed to be
founded, declares it to have been the intention of the act for opening the land office, that the first enterers "4shall have preference to all others in surveying and obtaining grants for the same."
We think the act which prescribes the mode of obtaining military grants manifests this intention as unequivocally as those which are referred to in the act of 1786, c. 20. Itis true, as has been stated in argument by the plaintiff's counsel, that the 3d see,. of the act " for the relief of the officers and'soldiers of the Con-
tinental line, and for other purposes," "directs, that where two or more persons wish or claim to have his or their warrant located on the same piece of land, the parties contending shall cast lots for the choice. But this section obviously provides for applications made at the same time. The 5th sectio, directs, that " where a warrant shall be hereafter located, with-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

277

out any person making objections to such location, that such location shall be good and valid, notwithstanding the claim that may be afterwards set up by any other person."
This section, we think, manifests a clear intention to give priority of right to the prior entry ; and we are not surprised that, under this act, the Courts of Tennessee should comprehend military titles also in that rule which authorizes Courts )of law to take into view the entries of the parties. At any rate, such is the settled course of the Courts of the State, and those of the United States ought to conform to it.
We think, then, that the Circuit Court committed no error in inquiring into the rights of the parties to the land in controversy, under their respective entries. It is next to be considered, whether, in making this inquiry, that Court has decided erroneously.
The entry, as well as the patent of the plaintiff, being the oldest, it must prevail unless some circumstance has occurred to defeat the right given by this priority.
The defendants rely upon the survey made by Pollock as confining the entry of Sumner to that
survey. Of the existence of this survey there appears to
have been no doubt, and none seems to have been entertained at the trial. The plaintiff objected to receiving the copy of :the platt and certificate in evidence; but, When that objection was overruled, he contested the survey no farther. His object, then, was to show, that the second line was never run.

1822.
*
Lsee Smith

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Blunt's
LeVssI.ee
Smith.

The Judge charged the jury; that the platt and cer-

Stificate

made by Pollock, if he marked no more of

the corners and lines of Sumner's tract, but the

southern boundary, and south-east and south-west

corner would show, by calculation, where the north-

ern boundary of his tract should be. Nothing can be more apparent than the correct-

ness of this charge The law directs, that "every

tract surveyed for officers or soldiers, shall be run out at the four cardinal points of the compass, either in a square oi in an oblong.': Consequently, when

one line of a survey is given, the remaining three

lines are found by a calculation which cannot vary. General Sumner's entry was fbr 12,000 acres of

land. A line from west to east, constituting the southern boundary, was run, and measured 1,292 poles. Corner trees at each extremity were marked. From the end of this first line the survey calls for a line due north 1,486 poles. Had this line been actually rurl and marked, the tract would have been

bounded by the lines actually run, and the corner

trees actually marked. But, the line not having been run, the tract was bounded by the course and distance called for. Had there been no survey, had

SUmner's entry been for 12,000 acres of land, to be-

gin where the survey began, and to run east 1,292

poles, and from the ends of that line north for quan-

tity, it must have been bounded in the same manner, because, a rectangular oblong figure, to contain

12,000 acres, one of which is 1,272 poles, must have for its other sides, lines of 1j486 poles. Of course the Judge was correct in saying, that if the southern

OF THE UNITED STATES.
boundary was given, the northern boundary was to be found by computation.
Was he equally correct in adding, that Gee's land might be located on the north of Sumner's northern line when thus found?
We think he was. Gee's entry called to lie, "adjoining the northern boundary of B. General Sumner, running west along his line for complement." Sumner's northern line was, consequently, Gee's southern line. If, then, Sumner's grant had been issued according to Pollock's survey, no interference between him and Gee could have taken place. But a platt and certificate of survey was afterwards made out by Malloy, who was also a deputy surveyor, which extended the lines constituting the eastern and western boundary of Sumner's land, to 1,737 poles; and upon this platt and certificate his patent was issued. We must, therefore, inquire whether Pollock's survey was legalli made; and, if it was, whether it could be afterwards changed. so as to affect a per-on making an entry in the intermediate time between his first and second survey. The laws of North Carolina make it the duty of surveyors to survey entries in the order in which they are made, and do not require the presence or direction of the owners of the land. Pollock was a deputy surveyor authorized to make this survey. Consequently,*it was regularly made, and had all the consequences of a legal survey. Admitting the alteration made by Malloy to be

279
1822. Bln'
Lw
smith.

280
1822. B31unt'ss Lessee
sit.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
perfectly justifiable, Gee's entry was prior to that alteration ; and the question is, whether such alteration can affect an appropriation previously made?
Upon the principles of reason and common justice, we could feel no difficulty on this point. But we are relieved from considering it by the decisions which have already taken place in Tennessee. In Blakemore v. Chambles, (1 Tenn. Rep. 3.) it was expressly determined, that the validity of surveys "has no dependence on the will or direction of claimants," and that though the mistakes of surveyors may be corrected, "they cannot be so' corrected as to injure a subsequent adjoining enterer."
Gee's entry, then, made after Pollock's suryey, will, if a valid !ntry,.hold the lands against any subsequent survey made for Sumner. But as Sumner's is the eldest grant, the validity of Gee's entry must be examined.
It calls to adjoin Sumner's northern boundary, and to run west along his line for complement.
The laws of North Carolina direct, that an entry shall express "1the nearest water courses, and remarkable places, and such water courses, lakes, and ponds as may be therein, the natural boundaries and lines of any other person or persons, if any, which
divide it from other lands." This law cannot be-construed, and never has been
construed, to require that water courses, or remarkable places which are remote, should be expressed in the entry. It requires the expression of those only which are contiguous, and which may assist in show-

OF. THE UNITED STATES.

ing the land intended to be acquired. If there be no

considerable water courses, lakes, or ponds within it,

the entry cannot express thefo. The reference to

the adjoining land, when we take into view that.the

law directs entries to be surveyed according to their

dates, would always be sufficient to make the entry

special, if the line called for could be found In

Smithand othersv. Craig'sLessee,(2 Tenn..Rep.-296.)

the Court said, "1Previously to the year. 1786, a

vague entry was well understood to be one that con-

tained no such specialty as that a majority of those

acquainted in its neighbourhood, at its date, could by

reasonable industry, find it; a special entry was con-

sidered the reverse. Hownatttral.is it, then, for us to

suppose, that the legislature designed, in the use of

this -expression, in the act of 1786, to convey such

ideas as had by usage and common consent been ap-

propriated to it."

The books are full of cases containing similar ex-

pressions. It is impossible ta look at ,llinto the sub-

ject, without being satisfied that in the State of Ten-

nessee, such an entry as that of Gee would be deem-

ed special,, if Sumner's northern boundary could be

found.

There could be no difficulty in finding it, since his

land had been surveyed when this ehtry was made.

But the great objection on which the plaintiffs

most rely, is, that tQ constitute a special entry in the

state of Tennessee, the objects called for must be no!-

torious as well as certain. The entry must be s~uch

as to give general information of the precise land it

appropriates. Notoriety,-as well as ideiltity, are es-

VOL. VII.

36

1822. B Lmso Smith.

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. "
Blunt's essee
Smith.

sential, it is said, to specialty, and a call for Sumner's line is not good, unless Sumner's survey was noto-
rious.
If this proposition be correct, if notoriety as well as identity be essential to the validity of an on-try in Tennessee as it is in Kentucky, then Gee's entry cannot be sustained. But the law of Tennessee is, in this respect, entirely different from that of Kentucky. The act of Virginia, which is the land law of Kentucky, requires,, that entries shall be so special and certain that any subsequent locater may know how to. appropriate the adjacent residuum. The land law of North Carolina, which is the law of Tennessee, contains no such provision. The lawyers of Kentucky have made some attempts to traisplant into Tennessee the principles. which had grown up in Kentucky ; but their attempts were unsuccessful. The books are full of cases in which it is expressly decided that notoriety is not essential to the validity of an entry. *Inthe case of Philip'sLessee v. Robertson, (2 Tenn. Rep. 399.) the whole subject is reviewed. Judge Overton takes a very comprehensive view of the doctrines growing out of the land laws of North Carolina, and shows conclusively that they do not require, and had never been understood in Tennessee to require notoriety, as essential to the validity of an entry. His opinion in this case has, we are informed, been confirmed by the other judges of their Supreme Court.
If notoriety be not necessary to Gee's entry, it is special according to the laws of Tennessee, and ought to hold the land it covers against any subsequent sur-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

283

vey made of an entry'which had been previously surveyed. The judge was correct in saying that such subsequent survey must be considered as if made on a removed warrant.

182. ST"he santilma
Trinidad.

Judgment affirmed with costs.

The SAINTISSMA TRINIDAD, and the ST. AN DE
The commission of a public ship of a foreign state, signed by the proper authorities, is conclusive evidence of her national character.
During the existence of the civil war between Spain and her Colonies, -and previous to the acknowledgment of the independence of the latter by the United States, the colonies were deemed by us belligw
rent nations -and entitled, so far as .concerns us, to all the so.
vereign rights of war, against their enemy.. How far, aidunder what circumstances, the evidence of witnesses, who
concuZ in proof of a material fact, butwhose testimony is in other respects contradictory, ought to be credited in respect to that fact. The sending of armed, vessels, or of miinitions of war, from a neutral country to a belligerent port, for sale as articles of commerce, is unlawful only as it subjects the property to confiscation Qn capture by tie other belligerent. No neutral state is bound to prohibit the expoitation of contraband articles, and the United States have notprohibited it. In the case of an illegal augmentation of the force of a belligerent cruizer in our ports by enlisting men, the onus probandiis thrown on him to show, that the persons enlisted were subjects of the belligerent state, or belonging to its service, and then transiently within the U. S.
The 6th article of the Spanish treaty of 1795, applies exclusively to the protection and defence of Spanish ships within our territorial ju-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

553

1822.

(Lc -A,L .)
HOLBROOK et al. v. THE UNION BANK
ANDRIA.

OF ALEX-

HolbVro.ok
Union Bank of Alexaa-
ara.

The turnpike road stock, paid in as apart of the capital of the Union Bank of Alexandria, before its incorporation, became the common property of the association, so as to be subject to be sold and distributed among the members, after the charter, which directed, that the capital stock should consist of money only, was accepted ; and those who subscribed the road stock, or their assignees, are not entitled to have the same returned specifi~ally.to them.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District

of Columbia. This was a suit in Chdncery, instituted in the Court

below, by Holbrook and Alexander, against the Union

Bank, to recover from the Bank certain shares of road

stock, which had been originally subscribed to that

Bank by them, and to have an account of the profits

of that stock, and a payment of whatever should be

found to be due to them. The cause was set down

for hearing upon the bill, answer, and exibits, from

which it appeared, that a number of persons formed

themselves into an association, for the purpose of

carrying on the'banking business, for the term of

years, in the town of Alexandria- under the name

of" The Union Bank 6f Alexandria." That the

association adopted certain articles as the basis of

their union; 'by which artiles, it was, among other

things, agreed, that tle subscribers to the Bank

VoP. VII.

70

5

CASES IN THE SUPRODIEM COURT

1822. 'Hsctrioptlibonrook
V.
of Aexn"a.

should be permitted to pay one tenth of their sub-
in the stock of certain incorporated road companies, and the other nine tenths in money, at certain periods prescribed in the said articles. That, in pursuance of these articles, the subscriptions to,
the Bank were filled up, and the stocks of various road companies were subscribed, 'Which stocks were different in their respective values. The articles of association authorized the immediate commencement of the banking business; But they provided for, and contemplated an applicationto Congresg for a Charter. The Bank commenced its business without a chartbr, and carried on its business until the year 1817, when an act of Congress was obtained, incorporating the Bank. This act directed, that the capital stock of the Bank should consist of $600,000, to be'paid entirely in inoney. When this act was passed, a question was raised among the stockholders, whether the road stock was to be returned specifically to the subscribers, or whether it was to be blended together into one general mass, and divided among the subscribers, without regard to the value of the respective stocks. The Little River Turnpike stock was the most valuable at the time it was subscribed, and is now much the most valuable stock; and the plaintiffs, Holbrook and Alexander, having subscribed' this stock, insisted that the same should be specifically returned to them. The Court below decided, that they were not entitled to a specific return of this stock, but that it was to be considered the common property of the stockholders, subject to be divided among

- OF THE UNITED STATES.

t 5

them, without regard t6 the value of their respective stocks; -and the cause was brought by appeal to this
Court.
The cause was argued :by Mr. Swann,.for the appellant, -and by Mr. Jones, for-the respondent.

1802.
UUnionB.!LnI or .einn-
dria. .arch 20th.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL d.elivered the opinion of the Court..
The only question is, whether the road stock paid in as part of the capital of the Bank, became the common property of the company, so entirely that it should be sold and distributed among the members, after the charter of incorporation, which directed that the capital should consist of money only, was accepted ; or should be returned specifically to those who subscribed it, or to the assignees of their shares.
The articles of association show that this stock constituted originally a part.of the capital; that it was received from each .stockholder as so much. money; that it .constituted he subject on which the Bank traded. Each share represented an equal part of the whole capital, comprehending each description of road stock and of the money paid in; and there was nothing on the face of the certificate which was transferable, indicating that one share was more valuable than another. If, instead of obtainingthe act of incorporation, the company had expired or been dissolved by consent, the shares would have been equal, and would have entitled the holders to equal portions of the whole capital. The dividends, during the continuance of the company, must have been

Ararch 21,f.

556

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
M-beaenrbury
V.
Brooks.

equal. I-lad the road stock been sold, it must have carried to the credit of the whole company.
Upon every view we'can take of this subject, the
road stock can be considered only as a component part of each share, all individual property in which was lost on its being transferred to the company. It became consolidated with the other part of the capital, and the charter of incorporation did not produce any change in this respect.

Decree affirmed with costs.

(CommoN LAw.)
MARBURY V. BaOOKS.
A debtor has a right to prefer one creditor to another in payment, and his private motives for giving the preference, cannot affect the oxercise of the right, if the preferred creditor has done nothing improper to procure it.
But any unlawful consideration, moving from the preferred creditor, to induce the preference, will avoid the deed which gives it.
It is not necessary, to the validity of such a deed, that the creditors, for whose benefit it is made, shouid have notice of the execution of the deed, provided they afterwards assent to the provisions made for their benefit.
Wor is itany objection, to thevalidity of tbe deed, that it was made by the grantor, in the hope and expectation, that it would prevent a prosecution for a felony, connected with his transactions with hii creditors; if the favoured creditors have done nothing to excite that hope, and the deed was not made with their concurrence, and with -aknowledge of the motives which influenced the grantor, or was not afterwards assmnted to by them under some express or implied engageomeat to suppress the prosection.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

283

vey made of an entry'which had been previously surveyed. The judge was correct in saying that such subsequent survey must be considered as if made on a removed warrant.

182. ST"he santilma
Trinidad.

Judgment affirmed with costs.

The SAINTISSMA TRINIDAD, and the ST. AN DE
The commission of a public ship of a foreign state, signed by the proper authorities, is conclusive evidence of her national character.
During the existence of the civil war between Spain and her Colonies, -and previous to the acknowledgment of the independence of the latter by the United States, the colonies were deemed by us belligw
rent nations -and entitled, so far as .concerns us, to all the so.
vereign rights of war, against their enemy.. How far, aidunder what circumstances, the evidence of witnesses, who
concuZ in proof of a material fact, butwhose testimony is in other respects contradictory, ought to be credited in respect to that fact. The sending of armed, vessels, or of miinitions of war, from a neutral country to a belligerent port, for sale as articles of commerce, is unlawful only as it subjects the property to confiscation Qn capture by tie other belligerent. No neutral state is bound to prohibit the expoitation of contraband articles, and the United States have notprohibited it. In the case of an illegal augmentation of the force of a belligerent cruizer in our ports by enlisting men, the onus probandiis thrown on him to show, that the persons enlisted were subjects of the belligerent state, or belonging to its service, and then transiently within the U. S.
The 6th article of the Spanish treaty of 1795, applies exclusively to the protection and defence of Spanish ships within our territorial ju-

284

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
%
SanTtihsseiia Trinidad.

risdiction, and provides only for their restitution, when captured within the same. The 4th article of the same treaty, which proibits the citizens or subjects of the respective contracting parties from taking-commissions, &o. to
cruize against the other under the penalty of being considered as pirates, is confined to private armed vessels, and does not extend to public ships.
Quere, Whether a citizen of the United States, independently of any legislative acton the subject, can throw off bis allegiance to his nativo
country ? However this may be, it can neverbe done without a bona fide change
of dornicil, nor for fraudulent purposes, nor to justify the commission of a crime against the country, or any violation of its laws. An augmentation of force, or illegal outfit, does not affect ny capture made after the original cruize, for whiclt such augmentation or odt-
fit was made, is terminated. But as to captures made during the same cruize, the uiiform doctrino of
this Court has been, that they are infected with "thecharacter of torts, and that the original owner is entitled to restitution, when the property is brought into our jurisdiction. This doctrine extends'to captures by public, as well as private armed
ships.
Case of the Cassius, 3 Dall. Rep. 121. commented on, and confirmed. Case of the Exchange, 7 Cranch, 116. distinguished from the present
case. The exemption of foreign public ships, coming into our waters, under
an express or implied license, from the local jurisdiction, does not extenid to their prize ships or goods, captured in violation of our
neutrality:

APPEAL front the Circuit Court of Virginia.
This was a libel filed by the consul of Spain, in the District Court of.Virginia, in April, 1817, against eighty nine bales of cochineal, two bales of jalapi and one box of vanilla, originally constituting part of the cargoes of the Spanish ships Santissima Trini-
dad and St. Ander, and alleged, to be unlawfully and piratically taken out of those vessels on the high seas by a squadron consisting of two armed vessels called

OF THE UNITED STATES.

285

the- Independencia del Sud and the Altravida, and manned and commanded by persons assuming themselves to be citizens of the United Provinces of the .Rio de la Plata. The libel was filed, in behalf of the original Spanish owners, byDon Pablo Chacon, consul of his Catholic Majesty for the port of Norfolk; and as amended, it insisted upon restitution principally for three reasons : (1.) That the cominaiiders of the capturing.vessels, the l'ndependencia and the Altravida, were native citizens of the United States, and were prohibited by our treaty with Spain of 1795, from taking commissions to cruize against that power. .(2.) That the said. capturing vessels
were owned in the United States, and were originally equipped, fitted iut, armed and manned in .theUnited States, contrary to law. (S.) That their force and armament had been illegally augmented with-
in the United -States. A claim and answer was given in by James Chay-
tor, styling himself Don Diego Chaytor, in which -he asserted that he was commander of the Independericia, that she was a public armed vessel belonging to the goveinment-of the United Provinces of Rib de la Plata, and that he ,wasduly commissioned. as her commander ; that open war existed between those Provinces and Spain; that the property in question was captured by him, as prize of war, on the high seas, and taken out of the Spanish ships the Santissima Trinidad and the St. Ander, and put on board- of the Independencia ; and that he, after-
wards, in March, 1817, came into the port of Norfolk with his capturing ship, where she was received

1822. San6ti=

286
1S22.
' The Santissima
Trinidad.

CASES IN THE' SUPREMIE COURT
and acknowledged as a public ship of war, and the captured property, with the approbation and consent of the government of the United States, was there landed for safe keeping in the custom house store.
The claimant admitted that he was a native citizen of the United States, and that his wife and family have constantly resided at Baltimore; but alleged, that in May, 1816, at the city of Buenos Ayres, lie aecipted a commission under the government of the United Provinces, and then and there expatriated himself by the only means -in his power, viz. a formal notification of the fact to the United States consul at that place; He denied that th6 capturing vessel, the Independencia, was owned in the United Stales, or that she was fitted out, equipped, or armed, or her force augmented, in the ports of the United States, contrary to law. He denied, also, that the Altravida was owned in the United States, or that she was armed, equipped, or fitted out in the United States, contrary to law; or that she aided in the capture of the property in question. He further asserted, that the captured property had been libelled and duly condemned as prize in the tribunal of prizes of the United Provinces, at Buenos Ayres, on the 6th of February, 1818. He denied the illegal enlistment of his crew in the United States ; but admitted that several persons there entered themselves on board as soamen in December, 1816, representing themselves to be, and being, as 'he supposed, citizens of the United Provinces, or in their service, and then transiently in the United States ; and that he refused to receive citizens of this country,,and

OP THE UNITED STATES.

287

actually sent on shore some who had clandestinely introduced themselves on board.
It appeared by the evidence in the cause, that the capturing vessel, the Independencia, was originally
built and equipped in the port of Baltimore as a privateer, during the late war between the United States and Great Britain, and was. then rigged Ps a schooner, and called the Mammoth, and was fitted out to cruize against the enemy. After the peace she was converted into a brig, and sold by her original owners. In January, 1816, she was loaded with a cargo of munitions of war, by her new owners, who were also inhabitants of Baltimore, and being armed with twelve guns, constituting part of her original armament, she was sent from that port under the command of the claimant, Chaytor, ostensibilY on a voyage to the northwest coast of America, but in reality to Buenos Ayres. By the written instructions given to the supercargo on this'voyage, he-was authorized, by the owners, to sell the vessel to the government of Buenos Ayres if he could obL tain a suitable price. She arrived at Buenos Ayres; having committed no act of hostility, but sailing. under the protection of the United States flag during the outward voyage. At Buenos Ayres the vessel was sold to the claimant, and two other persons ; and, soon afterwards, in May, 1816, assumed the flag and character of a public ship, and was understood 'by the crew to have been sold to the government of Buenos Ayres, and the claimant made known these fa~ts tothe crew, asserting that he had beeomiie a citizen of Buenos Ayres, and had Teceived

1822. Tbe The
Santissima
Trinida.

:288

CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT

1822.
N
Thr
Santissima. Trinidad.

a commission to command the vessel as a national ship; And invited the crew to enlist in the same ser. vice; and the greater part of them, accordingly, enlisted. From this period, the public'agents of the government of the United States, and other foreign governments at that port considered the vessel as a public-ship of wau, and this was her avowed character and reputation, No .bill of sale to the government of Buenos Ayres was produced, but the claimant's commission from that government was given in evidence.
Upon the point of the illegal equipment and augmentation of force of the capturing vessels in the ports of the United States, different witnesses were examined on the part of the libellant, whose testimony was extremely contradictory; but it appeared
from the evidence, and was admitted by the claimant, that after the sale at Buenos Ayres, in May, 1816, the Independencia departed from that port under his commgnd, on a cruize against Spain ; arid after visiting the coast of Spain, put into Baltimore early in the month of October of the same year, having then on board the greater phrt ot her original crew, among which were many citizens of the United States. On her arrival at Baltimore she was received as a public ship, and underwent considerable repairs in that port. Her bottom was new coppered, some parts of her hull were recaulked, part of her water ways replaced, a new head was put on, some new sails and rigging to a small amount, and a new
mainyard were obtained; some bolts were driven into the hull, and the mainmast (which had been

OF THE UNITED STATES.

shivered by lightning) was taken out, reduced in

length, and replaced in its former station. For the

purpose of making these repairs, her guns, ammunition, and cargo, were discharged under the inspection

of an officer of the customs ; and when the repairs

were made, the armament was replaced, and a re-

port made by the proper officer to the collector, that

there was no addition to her armament. The Inde-

pendencia again left Baltimore in the latter part of

December, 1816, having at thattime on board a crew

of 112 men ; and on or about the 8th of February

following, sailed from the Capes of the Chesapeake

on the cruize in which the property in question was

captured. During the stay of the Independencia at

Baltimore, several persons were enlisted on board

her, and the -claimant's own witnesses proved that

the number vas about thirty.

On her departure from Baltimore, the Indepen-

dencia was accompanied by the Altravida, as a ten-

der or despatch vessel. This last was formerly a

privateer called the Romp, and had been condemned

by the District Court of Virginia for illegal conduct,

and was sold under the decree of Court, together

with the armament and munitions of war then on

board. She .was purchased ostensibly for one Tho-

mas Taylor, but immediately transferred to the claim-

ant, Chaytor. She soon afterwards went to Balti-

more, and was attached to the Independencia as a

tender, having no separate commission, but acting

under the authority of the claimant. Some of her

guns were mounted, and a crew of about twenty-

five men put on board at Baltimore. She dropped

VOL. 'M

37

1822.
Santissima Trinid-.

290
1822.
The Santissima Trinidad.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
down to the Patuxent a few days before the sailing of the Independencia, and was there joined by the latter, and accompanied her on her cruize.
T ie District Court, upon the hearing of the cause, decreed restitution to the original Spanish owners. That sentence was affirmed in the Circuit Court, and from the decree of the latter the cause was brought by appeal to this Court.

Feb. 28 h/.

Mr. Winder,for theappellant,(1.) argued upon the
facts to show that there had been no such illegal outfit or augmentation of the force of the capturing vessel in our ports, as would entitle the original Spanish owners to restitution of the captured property, on the ground of a violation of our neutrality by the captors.
2. He argued that even supposing the claimant, Chaytor, to be a native citizen of the United States, the capture was not invalidated by the circumstance of his commanding the capturing vessel. Beingapublie ship of a foreign state, this Court could not, upon its own principles, inquire into her conduct further than to see that she had la regular commission, signed by the proper authorities of that state.a It is perfectly consistent with the law and universal practice of nations for neutral subjects to take commissions in foreign wars.' This Court has determined
that an alien may command a private armed vessel

a The Excbnge, 7 Cranch, 116. b Pattel, Droit des Gens, 1. 3. c. 2. s. 13. 14. 16. 1. 3. c. 7. s. %28.230. Byl.k. Q. J. Pub. 1. 1. c. 22. Du Poncean'sTransl n, 175.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the United States, and cruize against their enemy, though it happens to be his own native country.a So also the prize ordinance of Btienos Ayres declares, that all officers of commissioned vessels or privateers belonging to that state, although they may be foreigners, shall enjoy all the privileges of citizens,
whilst thus employed.' But it may be said that the Spanish treaty of 1795,
renders such an act criminal, and all its consequences void, and therefore this Court cannot listen to the claim of a citizen who has thus violated the supreme law of the land.,
The answer to this is, that the treaty shows the idea of the contracting parties, that independently of its stipulations, their respective citizens and subjects might take commissions to cruize against each other without violating the pre-existing law of nations. The sole effect of the treaty is, to subject themn to be treated as pirates by the opposite party, if it thinks fit. It excludes them from the protection of their own government, leaves them at the mercy cf the
opposite party, and excuses the government of the offenders from all responsibility to the other for their misconduct. They are not made pirates by the treaty, but only made liable to be considered as such by the party against whom they act. Would not the government in whose service they held commissions, have a right to retaliate,. if they were treated as pirates, either by their own government, or by that

1s22. T"ho Ta.rtiinsid'randa.

a The Miary and Susan, I Wheat. Rep. 57. b 4 Wheat. Rep. Appx. Note 11. 30.

292

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

r8?2.
The
Satissima Trinidad.

agaihst which they acted ; since by the law of 'nations the belligerent might grant to them as foreigners, and they might accept the commissions ?
The treaty operates"only betwebn the contracting .*parties, and cannot interfere with the lawful powers
and rights of other natioqs, under the law of nations ; and between the parties, it only operates to give the belligerent, so far as the neutral contracting party is concerned, a right to treat the citizen as a pirate, without complaint from his government. It dispenses the offended party, so far as the other is concerned, from the obligation to observe the rules of civilized warfare, quoad its citizen thus implicated; but it can have no effect upon the ights of the other belligerent quoad the officer of that belligerent. The party, whose citizens or subjects they are, is not bound to treat the supposed offenders as pirates, and our Courts cannot so treat them in the absence of an act of Congress. The United States are not bound so to treat or consider them. They ar simply bound to leave them to the discretion of Spain, and there the effect of the treaty stops. The prohibition of
the treaty has its prescribed peril and effect i and cannot, at least judicially, be extended further. To make the treaty bind the United States to restore a prize made by one of -its citizens under a commission from a foreign government would be to make a treaty stipulation between Spain abd the United States operate to interfere with the undoubted rights
of a third foreign power who is no party to the treaty. It would anridge and annul, the eflect of a commission, which, by the unquestioned law of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

293

nations, he had a right, within his own territory, to
grant The acts of Congress to protect the neutrality of
the United States have nothing to do with it, because none of them extend to, or pretend to extend to, the acceptance of a commission in -a foreign country by a citizen of this. And the silence of Congress on the subject is. a strong legislative exposition of the treaty; for in making provision to preserve the neutrality of the United States generally, and especially in relation to the contest between Spain and.her'colonies, they have not rendered criminal such acceptance of a commission, and as they have manifested a spirit of some severity on
this subject, and are silent on such a case, it is strong evidence that Congress did -not feel bound to add any thing to the treaty; since, if they were bound,
they would have done so in obedience to this treaty obligation of neutrality as they have done in other cases. Where the law stops, the Courts of justice must stop ; expres um facit tacitumr cessare. The plain object of the law was, even in cases within it, to affect the offending citizen; not to affect the foreign government who employs him; or, in other words, not to authorize a judicial interference.with its belligerent acts. The statute committed to the judiciary all that the legislature intended to be within their competency. The rest it reserved for national adjustment by forbearing to submit it to the judiciary. The law must be taken as it is, not expanded by inference.- To put a judicial rider upon it, is to legislate. The inference which

1822.
The
santinima Tridad

294

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Trinidad.

.Would vacate a capture under the commission would be a supplement to the law, would be to legislate on a distinct subject, i. e. the effect of a belligerefit act by a foreign state. The law is a restraining law, in terrorem,aimed at the citizens only. The inference deals with a third party, a sovereign state, who is not subject to our jurisdiction ; and acts in a way which the law does not prescribe; for the law authorizes nothing but the punishment of the individual. If more had been intended, more would, and ought to have been done; for the whole subject was well understood from 1794, to 1819, when the last act was passed. . There is no positive municipal rule giving judicial jurisdiction as to such a commission, or -any commission, even within the law, with reference to the effect'of restoring a prize made under it. Every belligerent sthte has a right to decide upon the nieans of-annoyance, which it organizes against its enemy within its own territory. If its commission to make war can be subject to ordinary-judicial question in a neutral tribunal, where it cannot be heard and cannot condescend to appear, it is not a sovereign act. But the granting such a commission is the very higheat. act of sovereignty, andis peculiarly above ordinary judicial control in foreign countries. ' The legality, the force and effect of the commission itself, must defy ordinary judicial inquiry, or the belligerent can only authorize war so far forth as neutral tribunals shall' think fit to suffer it.
A judicial recognition of the legality of the capture in question by a Court-ofprizeat Buenos Ayres would undoubtedly have put the capture out of,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

296

reach of our Court. But the sentence of such a Court is no more a sovereign act, than the granting the commission. It does but ascertain the granting of the commission, and gives to it no new force or validity. The belligerent state is just as much an-
'swerable for the wrong done to the neutral state, if any there be, in granting the commission, after the sentence as before. A judicial sentence, in a case of prize, binds for no other reason, than that it is the act of the state to which the Court belongs. That it is a judicial sentence is of no importance. It is the sovereignty of the state, and its right of decision which gives to the sentence its conclusive character, in the view of foreign tribunals : and all this applies equally to the act of granting a commission, within the territory of the belligerent.
All the cases of this class, which have been decided in this Court, turn exclusively upon the fact of an illegal equipment of the capturing vessel within our ports, except that of the Bello Corrunes,in which the judgment does indeed refer to the national character of the claimant, Barnes, as repelling his right to caim.a But as the facts of that case will show that it might have- been determined on the ground of the illegal equipment of the capturing vessel, without giving a- construction to the treaty, or ascertaining the national character of the claimant, all that is said by the learned judge who pronounced the opinion of the Court in that case, on these subjects, may be considered as obiter dictum.

82-o. heT Santissima

a 6 Wheat. Rep. 125. 1$9.

296

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1822.
T- he Santissima Trinidad.

S. But the claimant, in the case now before the Court, had ceased to be a citizen, before he accepted the commission, and made the capture in question. He had expatriated himself, and become a citizen

of Buenos Ayres, by the only means in his power,

an actual residence in that country, with a declaration of his intention to that effect. This act is countenanced by the general usage of nations, and was

not forbidden by any law of his own country. By the British law, not only are privateers and merchant

vessels allowed to enlist foreign seamen, but the mero

fact of two years service during war makes them

British subjects.0 A resident neutral in a belligerent country is subjected to the disabilities of the

country in Wiich he resides, so far as respects the opposite belligerent, and his trade is considered liable to capture and condemnation as enemy's pro-

perty. Shall he not then be entitled to the correspondent advantages of his situation ? The hostile charac-

ter is fixed upon him by residence even if he goes to the. belligerent country, with the desire of pre-

serving his neutral character. Shall he not then be entitled to all the advantages of that character, when it is his avowed purpose and object to acquire it ?

Length of time generally decides the character of the *residence of a neutral to be belligerent or not: but it is taken merely as evidence of his intention, and

if that intention is unequivocally manifested in any.

other mode, his character is instantly fixed,b

a 5 Wheat. Rep. Olppx. note Il. 130 b Wheat. Dig. Cas. tit. Prize, IV.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
. This capture being made by a public ship, which has co~mTeheinto our ports, together with her prize goods, under- the express permission of our government, the Court cannot interfere to restore the captured property to the original owners upon the ground that the capturing vessel has committed a violation of our nieutrality. The ship itself must certainly be exempt from the local jurisdiction. And if the ship be exempt, it is difficult to perceive how any other property of the same sovereign, which he has acquired and holds jure corontce, can be subjected to the local jurisdiction by being brought into the territory inder the same permission. Still less can the prizes made by a ship which is herself exempt from the jurisdiction of the local tribunals be subjected to that jurisdiction. These prizes are as much the property of the sovereign, jure coronce, as the ships by which they are taken and brought in.
The illegal augmentation of her force by the capturing vessel in our ports, cannot forfeit the immuni-" ty to which she is entitled by the law and usage of nations.- Enlistments of mep for this purpose, are not presumed to be made with the assent of the belligerent sovereign, and are not* to be imputed to him.b It is, therefore, an offence which is not to be visited on the sovereign or his property. Reprisals cannot lawfully be made, until application to him for redress has bean -made. Courts of justice cannot interfere insuch a case, because the sovereig cannot condescend to appear in them, and they have no

297 1822. Santsima
Trida

a The Exchange, 7 Cranch, 116.

b I-attel, Droitdes Gens, 1. 3. s. 15.

VOL. VIll

-

3

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Trinidad.

regular means of knowing how far he approves of what has been done by his officers. But, upon remonstrance and diplomatic discussion, the whole affair may be .heard. and remedies applied fit for the occasion. Judicial decision, if it can interfere at all, is inflexible ; and when the fact is established, must make entire restitution of the captured property, however insignificant may be the augmentation of force by neutral means. Besides, it is bringing into judgment the highest concerns of nations to be determined by the testimony of the basest of mankind. The enlistment of a single seaman on board a single ship of a large squadron, may draw after it the restitution of a whole enemy's fleet. The only safe course then is, to leave matters of this sort to negotiation, or at least not to take cognizance of them in Courts of justice, unless upon the application of the offended state, as in the analogous case of a capture within neutral territory.
5. But, at all events, the condemnation of the prize goods, which took place at Buenos Ayres, in a Court of the captor, is conclusive to preclude this Court from taking jurisdiction of a question which has already been determined in a competent tribu-
nal.

Mr. Tazewell, contra, stated, that three principal errors were alleged by the appellant in the decrees of the Courts below: 1. T hat the facts assumed by
those Courts did not warrant the decrees. 2. That

a The Anne, 3 Wneat. Rep. 435.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the condemnation in the tribunal of prizes at Buenos Ayres precluded the Courts of'this country from inquiring into the legality of the capture. 3. That our Courts have no authority to make that inquiry because the facts of the case involve, the sovereign rights of an independent state.
As to the first objection, it is not necessary to discuss it until the last is disposed of. Jurisdiction must be shown to exist, before its rightful exercise can be proved. He vould, therefore, invert the order of the argument, and examine the last mentioned proposition before the others. It would be shown to be the only question of real difficulty in the
cause. The argument on this proposition concedes to the
neutial sovereign, or state, the very right which it denies to the neutral judiciary. Now, to the belligerent sovereign, the effect is precisely the same, whether the interference with his rights be by the executive and legislative departments, or by. thejudiciary alone. In either case his rights are examined into, and he may be deprived of them. To the neutral state, also, the effect is the sanie in both cases, so far as foreign states are concerned; since, in both, the nation is equally responsible for the act done. It is no answer to the reclamation of a foreign sovereign to say, that he has been injured by the judiciary only. To him all the departments of the government make but one sovereignty. This is
represented by the executive,-of which the judiciary is regarded but as an emanation. It may be, and undoubtedly is, a matter of great moment to the

182'.
The
Santimim '

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
-t,- The
Si,'tissima Tznidad.

neutralstate itself,that its powers be legitimately exercised by those only to whom they have been confided by the municipal constitution. But this is a mere domestic inquiry, in which no foreign state has any concern, nor ought to be permitted to enter. Is it not strange, then, that it should now be presented to us in a litigation between two foreign subjects ?
The question being raised, however, it must be discussed ; not for the sake of the parties, but of the Court itself. Let. us then concede what the argument asserts, and it has no application to the cause. For justice is,blind, and knows not of the existence of the sovereign, or of his rights, until made manifest by its own record. Nor will it notice even
what its own record may disclose, unless the matter be therein duly and orderly set forth, i. e..by proper parties-in proper time-and in proper form. 1How,
then, is this fact of sovereign right to be duly and orderly disclosed, so as to be made manifest to the Courts of justice, and to shut the judicial eyes to every other fact in the cause ? This, although apparently a mere-technical question, is one of great importance, especially on account of the practice which has been hitherto pursued 'by the Courts of the United States in cases of this sort. And t the very threshold of the inquiry it is plain, that the sovereign who denies the. authority of the Court to decide, must not answer. If he does, he voluntarily submits to, nay, invites the exercise of the very authority which he denies can be exerted. His averments, too, may be trayvrsd, and issue being joined on the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

traverse, must be decided in some way; and so his sovereignty denied by judicature. Neither can he plead in abatement, or any dilatory exception; for he may be decreed to answer over. Neither may he protest; for the question cannot be raised by a naked protest; and if he couples his protest with an answer, if he does not so overrule his protest, his answer leaves him as before. If he adopts the practice pursued in the case of the Cassius,aand suggests his exemption upon the record, he will be met, as in that case, by a replication to his suggestion, and it becomes a mere plea in abatement; for whatsoever one party may affirm, the other may deny.
These are the only known modes of defenee, and
none of them can the foreign sovereign.adopt, without abandoning the exemption claimed for him by the argument. What then must he do? He must not defend himself in judicature at all. He must apply to the sovereign of that tribunal where his rights are drawn in question, and refer to his ac-
countability. This sovereign, if he sees fit, will suggest for him; if he does not, he will refuse to do so, and meet the consequences. To a suggestion coming from this quarter there caq be no replication ; for he who makes it is no party in interest. Nor is proof necessary to establish it; for it comes duly authenticated. Such was the course pursued in the memorable case of the ExclLange,b" where a suggestion of the sovereign rights of the Em-

1822.
Santiim Trinis.

8 United States v. Peters, 3 Dail: 123. b 7 Cranch, 116..

302

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Trinidad.

peror Napoleon was made by the executive go-
vernment; although proof of the commission of the commander of the vessei was unnecessarily superadded. This is the only proper mode in which the

matter of sovereign right can, duly and orderly, be set before the Court. It avoids all the technical difficulties of pleading and practice, and places the matter where, according to the argument, it ought to rest, with the sovereign.
This course has not, however, been adopted here; and therefore the Court will not take judicial cognizance of the fact of sovereign right, involved in the determination of the cause: and the argument insist.ed on, even if abstractly true, has no application to the cause, as presented upon the record. The matter is reduced to a mere question of practice, settled by the form of the pleadings, which it is now too late to amend.
Suppose, however, it were res integra. The Court must contrive some proper form in which subjects of this sort may be brought before it. In adjjpsting this form, it is a sound and a safe rule to be followed, to attain the object by known, rather than by untried means; to adhere to ancient forms, as far as may be done ; and, if possible, to alter nothing. If this be so, -whatever may be the rule adopted by the Court, the case will still be found exposed to the objection before stated: for the record will not show any information derived from our sovereign, but the very reverse. It is only important then to examine the question, whether the information of the sovereign or executive government be the proper and only

OF THE UNITED STATES.

503

standard to which the Court must refer, in matters wherein not our own people, but foreign states are concerned. Whatever the theory may be on this sul ject, all know that, in point of fact, Courts of justice do and must decide upon the rights of sovereigns, and that even in governments the most absolute. For
these Courts must necessarily decide upon the rights of private individuals imd corporations, and these are oft-times so-interwoven with the rights of their sovereigns, that to decide upon the one, is to decide upon the other, not only inform, but effect also. Treaties and war create and destroy rights; and nations as well as individuals, derive their rights from these public transactions, which therefore the tribunals of justice must pass upon. Such, among many others, was the case of the Amiable Isabella,where the sovereign rights of Spain and the United States were involved, and were determined by this Court.a The rights of .sovereigns must then be settled by Courts, and may be settled in different modes. This supposition constitutes a part of our complex system of government. Sovereign rights may be settled, not only in-the Federal Courts, but in the State Courts: and to guard against the effects of a conflict of opinion in such cases between the different local tribunals, appeals are brought from the State Courts to this Court. It would be in vain, however, to translate a cause here from the State Courts, if this Court might decide itrdifferently from the other departments of he government. This must not be, however.. The

182.
-1 The -
satissima Triniad.

a6 Wheat. Rep. 1. 50

304

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Tiaidad..

people, although sovereign, can have but oie will and that will must be spoken by all their agents, or our government is a many-headed monster. The question, then, at last results in this: In what depart-
ment of the government does this will, in relation to foreign states, reside ? For wherever it does reside, that will must be uttered here, or We shall have two conflicting wills on the same matter. Now, I care not where it resides, if it resides any where: and the argument And necessity both prove that it must resido somewhere. If then it resides here, in this Court, tile argument is radically defective: for then it follows that judicature may decide on sovereign rights. And if it resides not here, but elsewhere, it most be communicated from thence ,hither, and constitute the law of the Court; or our government is a monstrous anarchy. Some mode of communication between the executive government and the judiciary must be contrived. The only doubt is how this communication is to be made. And whatever course may be a proper oie, none has been adopted in the present case, and the Court:'cannot therefore take notice that any sovereign rights of Buenos Ayres are involved in the cause. You cannot know the fact, and must pro" ceed as if it did not exist. This does not impugn judicial independence. The judiciary are not independent of the law. They utter the legislative will of the people, when declared by the legislature : they pursue its executive will when communicated by the executive department. All nations have felt the necessity of some such course ; the only question is as to the form, which must depend upon the municipal.

OF THE UNITED STAT9S.

:305

constitution and the practice of each particular country. Thus. in England all rights of pe)rize are originally vested in the crown. Hence, the Courts of Prize take their law from the King's instructions. The captors cannot -proceed to adjudication against the will of the crown. Hence, in the. case of the Swedish convoy, the condemnation of the captured property for resistance to the exercise of the right of
search was limited to the merchant vessels, althougL the same penalty would have been applicable to'the
convoying frigates, had not the crown interposed its prerogative, and from reasons of state, caused thp latter to be restored to the foreign sovereign.4
Heretofore the subject ha. been examined as a technical question of pleading and practice merely. Let us now examine -it as one of evidence. Of whom then is this exemption from judicial'investigation affirmed?- A sovereign state. But is Buenos Ayres a sovereign state ?
This Court has repeatedly decided that it will not undertake to determine who are sovereign states: but will leave that question to be settled by the othqr departments of -the government, who are charged with the external affairs of the country, and the relations of peace and war.' It may, however, be said that both the judiciary and the executive have concurred in affirming the sovereignty of the Spanish Colonies, now in revolt against the mother country.

i 82e.
The smiitna
Trinia~aa.

a The Maria, 1 Rob. 340.

b Robe v. Himely, 4 Cranch, 241. 292. Gelston v. Hoyt, 3

Wheat. Rep. 246. 224. United States v. Palmer, 3 Wbq7ea7. Rep.

610. 634.

VOL. VIE

39

3-6

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Thhe
sanissisia

But the obvious answer to this objection is,.that the Court, following the executive department; have merely declared the -notorious fact that a civil war exists between Spain ".nd her American Provinces ; and this so far from afiming, is a denial of the sovereignty of the latter. It would be a public, and not a civil war if they were sovereign states. The very object-.of the contest is, to decide whether they shall be sovereign tnd independent, or not. All that thecotlrt lia affirned .is, that the existence of this civil war ;gave to f.th,parties all the rights qf war against each other. But belligerent rights are not regalian rights, ,Now, in the case last cited, the .GourtjOei6detha#-the seal of this supposed sovereign state, might be proved like any .other matter in pais. If it were really a sovereign state, the seal would prove itself. The more the subject is examined, the more. apparent will it be, what confusion and mischiefs must flow from the judicial department assuming the right ,to acknowledge the existence of her sovereigaties, :especially in the present mutable stato of the..world. Cases.of depositions and restorations are continually occurring, of revolutions and counterrevolutions, which present the most complicated questions of strict right azid political expediency, the determination of which must be left to the other departments of the government.
But if it were true. in fact, and well pleaded, that. the res now in controversy is a sovereign's right; still, it would not be correct to say, that all d'ove-

a The United States v. Palmer, 3 Wheat. Rep.,635,

OF THE UNITED- STATES.

5077

reign rights are exempt from juicia examination. There must be some exceptions to .the uhiversality of the rule. The exemption only,applies to the regalian rights of thesovereign; those which. are necessary to-maintain his faith, dignity, and security, and to- none -else. Such are his august person, his ministe-rs, his armies an(Ifleets. rhese are protected from the interference -bf foreign jidicatures, because they are essentially necessary for these purposes;-they make up' sovereignty itself. And nothing else which is not within the reason, is-within the .rule,-of exemption.' Suppose a royal-4tag%or horse escapes into a foreign state, and is there sold in market overt as an estray ; or suppose the ship of ;aforeign sovereign is wrecked on our coasts, and a claim for salvage.of the materials interposed. Would you, stay youxr hand from a dread of. the sacredness of the isubject -matter.? The. privilege of sover-eignty cannot protect these cases. No -authority can be show.to proveit;, on the contrary, the authorities are clearly the other way. Thus, all prizes- made in war are the-propertyof the sovereign, jure corona, and thisf whether the prize be taken by 14 public or a private ship. But it is not-to be argued (in this Court at least) that such prizes may not be taken out of the hands of thecaptors (whose possession is that of their sovereign) and restored by the neutral tribunal, within -whose jurisdiction they may happen to come,-if-made by privateersin violation of
neutral territory or of neutral rights. And if so, why may not prizes mare by public ships be restored under like circumstances ? - They both come

18.
The
santissha

308

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Trinidad.

within the same reason, and, therefore, should fall within the same exception to the general rule. The rule, then, if true at all, must be limited as I have stated; and if so, it will not apply to the present
case. It may, indeed, protect the public ship herself, but not her prize goods. These are not the regalian rights of the sovereign ; they are a mere accidental, military possession, wlich are not indispensably necessary to maintain his faith, dignity, or se-
curity, Again; the argument which asserts exemption for
sovereign rights does'not confine itself to the~rights of d belligeient,-but equally applies to all sovereigns, whether in peace ot.war. But if.a, wrong doing sovereign may claim this exeinption, what becomes of the rights of. the injured sovereign ? Must he submit, or hold his handi and ask redress of the offender ? Every objection which applies to the one, exists in equal effe'ct as to the other; and if-the tortfeasor may not- pursue.this course, he must not, by his own act, constrain -the injured party to adopt it. To guard against this conflict of dignities, the public law has wisely settled the rule, that each sovereign is supreme at home; all are equal on the high seas, except in war, and then. the comity of nations, and the necessity of the case, refers it to the arbitiumof the captors. But this rule of comity protects not violators of the neutral. territory,, within which its sovereign is supreme ; for, the implied pledge given to a foreign state, of exemption from the local jurisd.iction, is violated.the moment it infringes our laws, treaties, and sovereign rights. The fiction of extra-

. OF THE UNITED STATES.

territoiality only applies -to the peaceful observers of this implied pledge. The implication is repelled, and the pledge f6rfeited by abusing the rights of hospitality and asylum. -This exception to the rule is :recogomized distinctly by the Oourt in the case of
theKzehange.a and-it was upon this ground that the Court ha inteifeiYd in the whole class of captures madeby irie~ns of illegal armaments in our ports.' The question in every one ot these cases was not as to the character of the wrong doer, but as to the nmtlre of the act done6 aind the lozus- in-quo, it was committed. No inquiry was-ever made-whether the .bapturing vessel 'Was public or private; but only -wlether-our ndutrality'had beenviolated. And the ininliple t6 be extracted from the' -all, isthat the neutral tribunal -.iiaj."properly f6et6rz any prize -Ioight withih its terFitory, which has been made in vialatiofi of neutral law; or rights, or obligations.
Withiti this' principle the'present case i.5 found. and, thefdford, it is not itniversally.true, that the rights of sovereigns are exempt -fromjudicial examidlation.
-The argument wd are discussing concedes, that the' injured sovereign himself may restore, although it denies the power' of making restitution to his Courts. Bdt the etrect'to both parties is precisely t1e same,'whethef the rgstitution be made by sovereign-or Cdurt, as-has- been already'sh6w.n; Still, -granting that it maybe done by the soVereign only;

1822. TThheo Santisina Trinidad.

a 7 Cranch, 116. b The Divina Pastora, 4 Wheat. Rep. 52. and cases collectedi n note a. lb. p. 65.

310
1822.
k.ATVh%e .d
Santissirna Trinidad.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
who is sovereign here, quaadhoc? It must be'the ju-
diciary : since wherever. individual rights are irivolved, whether arising underzwar, or treaty, or municipal regulationsi the judiciaryin this country must

decide.a Where indeed no case is made-upon which, the judiciary can, act, then the executive may interfere, as it did in the commencemeat of the Europeai war in 1793, in the cas..'of the Grange. But even here the genius of our. institutions requires, that tbo preliminary inquiry, should ,be made through the judiciary, which is they proper tribunal to make such examinations, in which private rights ar for the most, part involved." Such was-the courso pursued in the case of Thomas Nash alias Rob-
bins. The parties, ,one of whom was the king of Great Britiani could not appear in Court; the executive acted therefoie by judicial means, and the facts being judicially. ascertainediitproceeded to carry into effect -the'treaty.' If thbn' the sovereign must submit to his .co-equal-sovereign, as the argument concedes, and the jutisiary is invested with this portion of sovereignty,-the ctse' is clear, and the argument has no application to it. Nor does this reasoning exclude the executiVe action, but yields to it in every instance where n6 caseis made adapted forjudicial determination ; and 'eve, where such a case is -made, the executive may interpose by sqggestion, by which the Cotirt will be boundas they would by an act of the.legislatuire in-a case,fit for the exertion
of legislative power.

a See 3Daull. 13. b Speech of Mr,. now Chief Justice) MARSHALL,
Rep,. Appx.

6 Wheat.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

311

But suppose the judiciary not to be sovereign as to this matter. Yet, whoever be the sovereign, as to it, he need not act directly; but may delegate his power of decision and action to another : still it is
the sovereign who acts. If the executive be. sovereign, this delegation is effectcd by suggestion, or the want of it, as the case may be. If he means that the judiciary should decide for him in a particular way, he suggests it. But if he is content to take the lead from the judiciary, and to adopt its construction, he declines to suggest. In the latter case, the judiciary acts according to the sovereign will, because he adopts theirs. In the former, the same thing is effected, for the judiciary adopt his. By this means that harmony is produced which can be effected by no other.
But if it be thought that the legislature is the true sovereign, quoad hoc, then the legislative will has been distinetly expressed in the Neutrality Act of 1794, c. 226. It is in vain to contend that this statute does not apply to public or national ships. For not only are its terms sufficiently copious to embrace any ship, but their contextplainly shows that they were designed to apply especially to such ships. Here the learned counsel analyzed the act, ino.rder to-show that it extended to public, as wellas-private armed-ships ;and insisted that this construction was confirmed by the consideration that both the cases were equally within the mischief intended to.be pro-
vided against, -which was ihe violation of our own territory, and of neutral relations and obligations. Nor was there any weight in the argument which

182e.
The
santssima Trinid&

312

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The
Santissima
Trinidad.

would confine the authority of the Court under the act to ,.'aptures made within our territorial jurisdiction. For although the 6th section expressly gives cognizance-over that class of cases, the history of the
law on the subject plainly proves that this was merely an affirmative position, and was not meant as an exclusion of judicial authority in other cases. -The provision was meant to define the t.erritorial jurisdiction ofthe Union, and to settle a supposed doubt with the Courts, which did notexist in fact. It was therefore merely declaratory of the law in'that case, and could not be intended as a restriction upon the general authority of the Courts. If this were not so, what would be'ome of the cases, occurring before this statute wa' passed ? o&of the numerous cases since decided, of captuies without our l imits, by means acquired-within them ? This series of adjudications manifestly shoWs that the 'Courts exercise their power indepenuently of the statute, the sole effect of which is (of the 6th section at lpast) to recognize an existing authority in a particular case, and not to limit it to that case only.
But even if this be not so, wh~a is a capture within our waters? Is it not to all legal purposes made within our territory, when the captor is within and the prize without, the potential force being exerted within ? or where the actual forcejs exerted without, by boats sent from within ? And if-so, it proceeds solely on the ground that the locus inquo is to be fixed, not by the place of seizure, which in both the supposed cases is without, but by the source from whence the exerted force proceeds. Consequently, -a capture

OFTHE UNITED STATES.

made actually on the high seas, by means acquired here, is a capture'-within our territory..
It is clear then, upon principle, that the property even of a sovereign acquired in war, within a neutral territory, or by means therein illegally obtained,
may be subjected to judicature, and restored: and this whether the prize is made by a public or a private cruizer. Nor is the dignity of sovereigns injuriously affected by such a proceeding, which being ,rn rem, the sovereign is not constrained to defenid himself before the Courts of justice, but may properly apply to the other sovereign for redress, by whose suggestion, duly jmade, the judiciary must be bound.
That which is thus cl6ar upon principle is equally established by authority. In the history of transactions of this nature, it will be found, that wherever the neutral state interferes to7 vindicate its own neutrality, no distinction is made whether that neutrality
be infringed by a public or a private ship.* Both

1822.
ale
sa'tmsima

a Lee on Capt. 116: 121. 123. edit. of 1803. "In the year

1654, a captain of a DutcA man-of-war met with an English ship

at sea, running into the port of Leghorn, and selzea her even

when she was coming to anchor; the Duke of Tuscany com-

plained orthis to the States General, but without redress. He,

however, showed his resentment of it by condemning the ship

which had taken the Englishman." p. 121.

*This book, (Lee on Captures,) which is called in the preface,

"an enlarge] translation of the principal part of Bynkei-

shoek's qumstiones Juris Publici," is iii fact little more than a

very poor translation of that treatise. In the original text of Bynkershoek, it by no means appears that it was a public ship which had taken the Englishman in a neutral port. His words

are : " Ex factis, quae postea inciderunt, etiam haec videntur

VOL. VII.

40

314

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. * The '
Santissima Trinidad.

France and England restore the property of their subjects found on board of prize ships sent into their ports by the vessels of other powers, and that whethe" the capturing vessels are public or private.,
During the beginning of the war of the revolution, the prizes sent into France by the Alliance frigate were restored by the tribunals of that country, if the property of her friends. In the case of the Swedish convoy, in the English High Court of Admiralty, the crown declined proceeding against the Swedish frigates, as has been before mentioned; otherwise, Sir W. Scott declared, that he would have con-

probasse Ordines Generales ; quum enim anno 1654, Navarcha Hollandus navem Anglicam, in mari deprehensum et ad porturn Liburnensem fugientem, occupasset, etiam tune, cum navis Anglica jam funem in terrain projecerat, Dux quidem Tuscim ea de re questus est ad Ordines Generales, sed nequicqunm questum esse legimus. Vide tamen, an non ipse dux id postea
vindicaverit ; publicata nempe nave, quae opportunitatem proebuerat occupandae istius Anglicae. (Q. J. Pub. 1. 1. c. viii. p. 64. Edit. Lugd. Batav. 1752.) which Mr DUPONCEAV, in his elegant and accurate translation, thus renders : " From facts which afterwards took place, the States General appear to have approved thus much; for when in the year 1654, a Dutch commander met an English vessel on the high seas, and pursued her flying into the port of Leghorn, where he took her at the moment she was coming to anchor, the Grand Duke of Tuscany complained of it to the States General, but we read
that he complained in vain. He, however, afterwards, took sa. -tisfaction by condemning the Dutch vessel that had mado the pursuit and occasioned the capture of the English one." Dupenceau'sBynk. p. 63.
a Ord. de la Mfar. Art. 9. Des Prises, 15. 2 Sir L. Jen. kins' Lfe,780.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

S16

demned even those public ships." But how could he, unless they were subject to judicature? It may be said, that they were regarded as qua belligerent, having forfeited their neutral character by attempting a resistance to the right of search. Be it so. "thenwe may, vice.versa, condemn a public ship, or her-prizes, for unneutral conduct,, by which they lose their extra-territorial character conferred on them by a fiction which ought no longer to be regarded than. it subserves the purposes of justice. There are numerous examples to show that there is nothing so sacred in'the rights of sovereigns as to prevent judicature from dealing with them, both directly and incidentally.' In the case of Duckwvorft v. Tucker, the sovereign rights of Portugal were determined by the English Court of C. B., in a private controversy between two British Admirals about prize money.b In the Canton ofBerne v. The Bank of England, that state appeared as an actor in the High Court of Chancery, which had the control of the fund, which the government of Berne laid claim to, as a part of its public treasure.c As to the case of the Exchange, in this Court, it must be repeated that it does not go on any extravagant notion of the exemption of-sovereign rights from judicial
scrutiny ; but on the ground of preserving the national faith, and that the ship entered under the pledge of an implied license which she had not forfeited by any misconduct. Had she done so, she

1822.
Sintssi

a I Rob. 377-

b 2 Tatua.33.

c 9 Mes. 347.

CASES IN THE SUPREM1E COURT

1822.
ThQ Santissima Tinidad.

would have been condemned as unhesitatingly as the
most insignificant privateer. It is only necessary to recur to the case of the Cassius, a public armed ship
of the French republic, and to the words used by
the Court respecting -that case in the Invincible, to show that it never has recognized any distinction in this respect between public and private armed ships.
The learned counsel then proceeded to examine the testimony in the cause, to show that it clearly established the fact of an illegal outfit and augmentation of force, by the capturing vessels in our ports ;. and, lastly, answered the argument attempted to be drawn from the alleged'condemnation at Buenos Ayres, by stating, that the decree was not established in proof, and that if it were so, it could not avail as a bar to the present proceedings, as the property was at the time in the custody of our Court, and had been actually sold by consent of the claimant who now sets up the decree in the foreign tribunal.

Mr. Webster, on the same side, (1.) argued, that there was no force in the general objection set up by the captors, that the ship which made the capture being a public ship; we could not examine into her acts, because it would be to interfere with the sovereign rights of the state to which she belongs. Ho denied that there was any such general principle, and no book, or case, or even dictum could be found to

a I Wheat. Rep. 253.

OF THE UNITED STA'ES.

317

support it. Judicature deals with sovereign rights perpetually, in our Courts, in England, and in every country, and in every case where the government is a party to the suit. Is it meant that judicature cannot deal with sovereign rights, neither domestic nor foreign ? All history shows the contrary. If it were so, no sovereign could come into Court. The great political powers of government, as those of peace and war cannot indeed be submitted to judicial decision ; but proprietary interests, in which the public are concerned, are settled every where by the tribunals of justice, as in the familiar instances of inquests of office; and writs of intrusion. So an ejectment may be brought for the crown lands, the most favourite fief. And nothing can be more sovereign than the right of prize, jure belli; it is a great branch of the prerogative; yet every body may contest it, and the king must claim, and if he cannot make out a title he must lose it. Any jewel in any king's diadem may become the subject of judicial discussion. The extent and rights of the prerogative are discussed in every Court in England; and all the powers of this government are discussed in this Court, and in all the State tribunals. The government of the United States, and of the States, are sovereign, and cannot be sued ; but in a contest between individuals or corporati6ns, the sovereign
rights of the Union and the several States may be
decided. Judicature may then deal collaterally with sove-
reign rights, and wherever" the sovereign himself is actor; wherever he brings the suit. The true pro-

1822. Santissim
riilat

CASES IN T.F E SUPREME COURT

182. ?The Soatisiira Trid~d.

position$ therefore, must be, that the'Prince cannot personally be sued in his own Courts, or in foreign tribunals. As. to the domestic forum, two reasons
are given why the king cannot be summoned or arrested in any civil or criminal -suit. Tire first is, his supereminency ; and the -second, that justice is administered by him, and in his name.
These reasons-do not apply to a foreign country. He has no supremacy there, nor is justice administered in his name. Sovereignty is local; and when the sovereign transcends the limits of his land, he transcends the limits of his prerogative. , The reason why he is not amenable to the foreign tribunal grows out of international law; and does not spring from the municipal code. It is not for want of jurisdiction ample enough to reach him ; but that having come into the territory of another sovereign, under his permission, either express or implied, it would be a violation of the public faith to subject his person to any kind of restraint. The same immunity is extended to his ambassador, for the same reason; and to support this immunity, the fiction of extra-territoriality has been invented, and applied to the cases of the army, or navy, or single ship of a sovereign coming into the territory of another. Being there under the license of the local sovereign, they are at liberty to remain and depart unmolested. Not that the foreign sovereignty exerts itself within the territory of another state, but 'that the local sovereignty is suspended from motives of comity, and a regard to the plighted faith of the nation. The exemption probably extends even to private merchant

OF THE UNITED STATES.

319

vessels; which proves clearly that it does not rest on any right of sovereignty. But the permission may be withdrawn both as to these, and as to pub-
lic vessels, if the indulgence be abused to the injury of the power by which it is granted. No neutral nation is bound to admit the belligerent ships of war within its waters, unless under treaty stipulations; and it may concede the privilege on such terms and conditions as it thinks fit. The presumption or fiction under which the license was granted ceases, the moment the license is revoked; and the license is revoked as soon as the terms and conditions on which it was granted are violated. Still less can a mere general permission to the ships of a foreign state to come into our waters, be construed into a license to violate our laws, and treaties, and neutral obligations. Nor is it necessary here even to contend that the ship herself is subject to the local jurisdiction. We proceed against her prize goods, found within.our territory. It is alleged, that they are held by the right of a foreign sovereign, or under a sovereign, and it is impossible to avoid inquiring into the foundation of this right. It is the inherent vice of the opposite argument, that it concedes this position ; and in making that concession it yields the inevitable corollary that this sovereign right is not exempt from judicature.
2. If we proceed then to examine into the foundation of fhe right, we shall find that the Spanish consul here claims, in behalf of his fellow subjects, their property, which has been taken from them by acruizer sailing under the flag of the enemy of Spain,

1822.
The
Santissims

CASES IN THE SUPREME- COURT

1822.
The STarnintiidmada.

but equipped in our ports, and manned with our citizens, contrary to our municipal laws and the 6th and 14th articles of our treaty with Spain, The true interpretation of the 6th article raises our national du-

ty, wherever a capture, is made by our citizens of

Spanish property, which is afterwards, brought with-

in our jurisdiction, We are to 'endeavour to protect

the vessels and effects of Spanish subjects which shall be within the extent of our jwrisdiction by sea

or by. land,,' as ,an act distinct'from that of using

our "efforts, to recover and caus.e to be.. restored to the right owners their vessels and effects which may

have bee' takenfrom them within the .extent of .said

jurisdiction." It is a reciprocal. .duty of both states,

and without invoking the aid of -this' article, we -should find it difficult to maintairi our claim upon

Spain for 'the property of our citizens carried into
her'ports by French cruizers,' and condemned by French tribunals within her territory. As to the

.14th article, it is pretended that it attaches a mere personal penalty to the offending party, and operates

merely to abandon our citizens, who may violate it,

to be punished a pirates at the will of Spain. But the mutual prohibition to the citizens or. subjects of each power from taking commissions to cruize against the other makes such conduct unlawful to every in-

tent and purpose. The penalty of being punished as pirates is merely superadded as a consequence

which would not necesssarily have followed from the prohibition without -a special provision to that

effect. But the invalidity of the captures made under a commission thus unlawfully taken is a neces-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sary and inevitable consequence of the prohibition it-
self. This article cannot therefore be considered as merely monitory: the w~oTrrdins ifdreadpromissory; they express the undertaking of the two .governments and their reciprocal duty. Nor is it confined to captures made by private armed vessels. It is true that the first clause ofthe artiucle spepaks of "any commission or letters of marque, for arming any ship or ships to act as pyrivdateers." But in the Spanish counterpart of the second tlause, these last words que obren conio corsarios are dropped, although they are retained in the English. The Spanish counterpart speaks generally of "patente paradMar LGUN BUQUE 8 BUQUES COn el fin de persequirlos siubditosde S. Al. catolica," which obviously extends to public as well as private cruizers. As to our municipal laws, they are not confined to acts done within the limits of the United States. They are full of provisions making it unlawful for oAr citizens (without those limits) to fit out and arm, or command and enter on board of, a foreign cruizer intended to be employed againstpowers in amity with US.a Whether, -therefore, the offence in this case wa committed within orwithout the United States, the illegal equipment or augmentatiu is within the statutes, and consequently the property acquired under it must be restored to the true owners.
3. What gives additional strength to this national obligation, is the fact that the claimant in the present cause, and those for whom he claims as captors,

1822.
7%e Sana

a Act of 1797, c. 1. c. 83. s. 4. s 10.
VOL. VII.

Act of 1817, c. 8 s. 2. 41

Act of 1818,

822

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT"

1822.
6antissima Trinidad.

are citizens of the United States, who claim a title to property acquired in violation of the laws and treaties of their own country, in a Court of that
country.
But it is said that the claimant, Chaytor, has ceased to be a citizen of this country by what is called an act of expatriation,(but which ought rather to be called emigration,) and has become a citizen of Bueno(s Ayres. Now it cannot, and certainly ought not to be denied; that men may remove from their own country in order to better their condition, or to avoid civil and religious persecution. But it does not follow that under all circumstances, and for all possible reasons, a person may shake off his allegiance to the land which gave him birth. The slavish principle of perpetual allegiance growing out of the feudal system, and this fanciful novelty of a man being authorized to change his country and his nile giance at his own will and pleasure, are both equally removed from the truth on this subject. Whatever doubtful cases may be supposed, this much may be affirmed with certainty, that there must be an actual change of the party's doniil, and that this must be done, not merely with the intention of remaining in his adopted country, but it must not be coupled with a design- fraud-tly to evade the laws of his native country. No act whatever of a foreign government can dispense with the allegiance of a citizen, and authorize him to violate our penal cote or our treaties with other nations. This is a prior, paramount obligation, which must be first fulfilled, before he assumes any new and inconsistent duties. Even, if there had-been, in -thiscase, an actual bona

OF THE UNITED STATES.

f/ide change of domicil, animo manen.di, so as to enti-
tie the claimant to all the privileges of commercial inhabitancy under the law of prize or the revenue laws, it does not follow that he can with impunity levy war against the United States or fheir friends. And even if it be admitted that he might defend his adopted country, it does not follow that he may attack his native country, or those whom she is bound to protect. Can it be sufficient to legalize such an act that he has made his election, and that the foreign government has ratified it ? Is it not manifest that it was done, cun- dolo et culpa, for no other purpose than to evade and violate our laws ? In this respect, it is impossible to distinguish between the neutrality acts, and other laws, such as the statutes of treason,
or any other the most ifitimately connected with the national safety and existence. But it is unnecessary
to dwell upon this point, as it is the settled dobtrine of this Court, that a citizen of the United States cannot claim in their Courts, the property of foreign nations in amity with them, captured by him in war, even if the capturing vessel be in other respects lawfully equipped and commissioned ;1 and'that an act of expatriation cannot be set up to justify such a capture, where the removal from his own country was with the.fraudulent intent of violating its laws.b
Even admitting that foreign armed vessels may, in the absence of any express prohibition, enter our ports for the purpose of refreshment, or of making repairs, and will not thereby be subject to the local

182.
Santisim Trw"

a The Bello Corrunes, 6 Wheat. Rep. 152. 169, b Talbof T. Janson, 3 Dall. 133. 153. 164,

3%4

CASES 1N THE SUPREME COURT

1822
'theyThe
santisima
Trinidad.

law and judicature, it does not, therefore, follow that may make extraordinary repairs so as to be
transformed in the species. The implied license may extend to a mere replacement of the original force;
but it cannot extend to such an augmentation of the force as would be inconsistent with the neutral character of the power granting the license. It cannot extend to acts done subsequent to the vessel outering the neutral port; in other words, to a violation of the license itself. The vessel may remain in the same condition as she came, but she may not increase her capacity for war by the addition of neutral means, either in munitions or men. Nor does it follow, in any supposable case, that because the capturing ship herself cannot be made answerable to the jurisdiction of the local tribunals for violating the laws and treaties of the neutral state, that her prizes
are entitled to. a similar exemption. They do not stand on the same principie or reason. The ship of war ought not to be'detained from the public serVice 6f the sovereign to whom she belongs. Neither his dignify nor 'safety will permit it. But neither the-prize vessels or goods captured by her are necessarily connected with his military power.
5. As to the facts .of the illegal equipment and augmentation of the force of the capturing- vessels in our ports, they are sufficiently established by the testimony. Although there may be some discrepancies in their evidence as to certain immaterial circumstances ; yet, as they all coucur in proof of the material fhicts, and their testimony is uncontradicted even by the claimant's witnesses as to some of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

. 325

most important, they are entitled in this respect,.to credit. Their testimony, taken in connection with the res gesta, which are admitted on all hands, satisfies the rule which the Court has laid down in this class of causes, that the fact of illegal equipment in violation of our neutral duties, must be proved beyond all reasonable doubt.
6. Lastly: As to the pretended condemnation at Buenos Ayres. Independent of the objection which has already been stated to it, the question which has been here raised as to the capture having been made by military means obtained within our neutral territory, could not possibly have occurred, in the course of the prize proceedings in the Court of the belligerent state&: ' The goods being confessedly the property of its enemy, and liable to capture and condemnation as prize of war, the plea that the capture was made in violation of our neutrality could not be set up by the Spanish owner. Being an enemy, he had no persona standi in judicio for that purpose. The government of the United States must have interposed a claim upon this ground, or have authorized the Spanish claimant to interpose it. Unless this were done, the goods were clearly liable to condemnation as prize of war, as they would be in the analogous case of a capture actually made within the neutral territory itself; where, unless the objection is made by authority of the neutral government, it cannot be made by the enemy owner, who, in his character of enemy, is not injured by it. We need not, therefore, directly impeach the validity of the condemnation at Buenos Ayres, so far as the rights

1822.
The
sanutsim Trinida&

S26

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUftT

1822.
The S&ntissima Trinidad.

of the two-belligerents merely are concerned. We only repudiate the claim of one of our own citizens, who comes into our Court, and sets up the foreign
sentence, which was obtained by him in fraud of our
laws, as an excuse for the violation of those laws. To the Prize Court of Buenos Ayres it was sufficient that, as captor, he had a right to stand upon his commission issued by that state, and to insist upon the condemnation"of his prize taken jure belli. But in this Court that very commission disables him from claiming any title acquired under it, for reasons which could not be urged in the Prize'Court of Buenos Ayres, where the Spanish owner could not appear at all unless'by authority of the government of. the United State i. It is not, therefore, a res adjudicata. Nor is the claimant a bonafide purchaser of the prize goods, ignorant of the fraudulent and illegal conduct of the party by whom they were captured and sold to him. The claimant, Chaytor, is himself that party, and he can nq more set up the sentence of condemnation for his protection, than lie can the pretended act of naturalization to cover his crime in confederating with one of the belligerents to violate the laws, and treaties, and most solemn obligations of his own country.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the appellant, in reply, stated that he should, for the purposes of the argument,
take it for granted that the capturing vessel, the Independencia, was in point of fact a public ship belonging to the government of Buenes Ayres. . The flag and commission are conclusive -evidence of that fact..

OF THE UNITED STATES.
It is contended, on the other side, that the Court is bound to interfere and resto"re the captured property, to the original Spanish owners, because it is said that, though the rights ofa sovreign are involved, yet as he cannot appear in a Court of justice to claim, these rights must be determined without hearing one of the parties,. who is most materially interested in asserting them.. And it is said, that the foreign sovereign must state his claim to the executive government, and that it must be brought to the notice of the Court by a suggestion from the latter. So that according to this doctrine, the Courts of this country, could never listen to the complaints of foreign states, who had no minister to represent them here; and their property may be condemned, and their most sacred rights violated, without their being present, or heard. But we never meant to contend, that sovereign rights could not be discussed and determined in a Court of justice, and that this suit could not be maintained, because the sovereign rights of Buenos Ayres might be incidentally drawn in question: but because this was a public armed ship of that state, coming into our waters, with her prize goods, under the express or implied permission of our government; and while here she was exempt from the jurisdiction of the local tribunals.
But we are told that Buenos Ayres has not yet been acknowledged by the government of this country as an independent state ; that she is a mere revolted colony of Spain, and her cruizing vessels cannot be entitled to the privileges and immunities of the public ships of an old established sovereignty. The answer to this position is, that

527
182.
The
s.ntisim

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The
sntissima TrinidWd.

though the independence of the South American provinces has not yet been acknowledged by our, government, the existence of a civil war between these revolted colonies and the mother country has been acknowledged, and this Court has followed the executive government in considering them entitled to alg the rights of war against their enemy. Such is the consequence which the writers on the law of nations attribute to a civil war between two portions of an empire. It is assimilated to'a-public war. They are belligerents in respect to each other; and all other powers, who take no part in the contest, are bound to.all the duties of neutrality towards both. Whether, therefore, Buenos Ayres be a sovereign state, in the strict sense of the term, is quite immaterial for the present purpose. It is sufficient that she is a belligerent entitled to use against her enemy every species of military Mieans. Among these, are the armed and commissioned ships of war, sailing under the public authority of that country, and admitted into the ports of this, with the same privileges as are enjoyed by the national ships of Spain. Being at war, the colonies are belligerents, and as belligerents they are entitled to .all the rights of war, and we are
bound to all the correspondent duties of the neutrality we profess to maintain. In the case of the U. S. v. Palmer this Court lays down the principle that "whe n a civil war rages in a foreign nation, one part of which separates itself from the established government, the Courts of the Union must view

e 3 Wheat. Rep. 638.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

829

such newly constituted government, as it is viewed by the legislative and executive- departments of the government of the United States. If the government of the Union remains neutral, but recognizes the existence of a civil war, the Courts of the Union cannot consider as criminal those acts of hostility which war authorizes, and which the new government may direct against its enemy." Why can they not consider these acts of hostility as criminal ? Because war authorizes them, and they are directed by the ilew government against its enemy ? In other words, because they are lawful: And if they are lawful for one purpose, it is difficult to understand- how they can be unlawful for any other. If these acts are au. thorized by the laws of war, they must produce all the consequences of legal acts. They must vest a good title, jure belz, in the prizes taken by authority of the new government from its enemy. And that
this is the necessary consequence of th6 principle is apparent from the words used by the Court in the Divina Pastora,)which was itself a case of prize, and where the proprietary interest acquired in war came directly in judgment. The Court there says, that " the government of the United States having recognized the existence of a civil war between Spain and her colonies, but remaining neutral, the Courts of the Union are bound to consider as lawful those acts, which war authorizes, and which the new governments in. South America may direct against their enemy -" Here the question was not, whether the

fB .
'Tho
Santiim'

Vor."VI.

a*4 heat. Rep. 52. 42

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1851.
The
santisima

existence of the civil war would excuse from the penalties of piracy those who might act under the authority of the new government, but whether a cap,ture made under that authority was valid by the law of nations. So, also, in the case of the Eslrella, the validity of the commission was explicitly recog-
nized by the Court, and of course the authority of the government by whom it was issued wasadmitted.
In the case now in judgment, it is insisted, on the part of the respondent, that the Court is bound to re store the property to the original Spanish -owner, by
the true construction of the treaty of 1795. As to the 6th article, it is 'certainly a very forced interpretation, which makes it imply our duty to restore all
Spanish ships and goods which may happen to be found within our territory, although the title may have been changed by a previous capture,-jure belli,
on the high seas. The article is evidently confined to wrongful acts done within our territorial limits. We are "to endeavour to protect the vessels and effects of Spanish subjects which shall be within the extent of our jurisdiction," but we are not to restore vessels and effi'cts which have ceased to be Spanish by a lawful capture in war, without the extent of our jurisdiction. Nor have the United Slates insisted upon such an interpretation of the article as against Spain. We claim iidemnity from Spain for condenination of our vessels and effects by the French consuls in her ports, because-to exercise the authority of a prize tribunal, is the highest act of sovereignty, and
Spain having permitted it to be done by foreigners within her territory, it is the same thing as if her

a 5 Wheat.Rcp. 298.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
own national tribunals had inflicted the wrong. The 1822. provision in this article is merely declaratory bf the '7%e 0 pre-existing law of nations, which always considers S.timsim every sovereign as bound to protect the property of his friends within his territorial jurisdiction, and as responsible for whatever injuries he permitted to be there inflicted upon them. As to the 14th article, it is manifestly confined to privateers, and was not intended to extend to the case of a person entering the public military, or naval service of one of the contracting parties to commit hostilities against the other, and still less to authorize the seizure of a public ship of war or her prizes. This article was evidently intended to abridge a pre-existing right; and that it was a pre-existing right appears from the uniform practice of the whole civilized world. But it is confined in its terms to privateers and letters of marque, and by no fair rule of construction can it be extended to public ships.
Nor is the Court bound to restore, because the claimant, Chaytor, is a citizen of this country, and has violated its laws. Here the learned counsel entered into a minute analysis of the Neutrality Acts, to show that they were merely penal against the party, or the capturing vessel. But here the penalty would begin and end with the person of- the captor, - for the capturing vessel being a public ship belonging to a foreign state, she could not be forfeited without its being considered an act of reprisals in the nature of war against that state. Once. being admitted with her prizes into our ports, she may remain as long as the executive governmeht thinks proper to allow it.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Th"e $antisima Trinidad.

In this respect there is no distinction between the public ship herself and her prizes. Here the prize goods taken by her from the enemies of the state, under Iwhose commission she was cruiz-
ing, were landed and deposited in the custom house stores, by the express permission of the government. It is novel doctrine that prize ships and prize goods are no part of the regalian possessions of a sovereign. They may be, and frequently are, absolutely necessary to his safety.
They may be the principal means by which he is enabled to carry on the war, and a chief source of his revenue. How is it, then, that they are not equally exempt from the jurisdiction of the local tribunals, with the guns, and spars, and rigging of the ship herself, which may be landed in the same manner for the purpose of making repairs ? Are they not brought within the territory under the same permission, express or implied ? If an army had a right of passage through a neutral territory, can it be doubted that it would extend to its military chest, and its booty previously acquired ? If the fiction of extraterritoriality will protect the ship, which is the principal, why will it not protect the prize goods which are the incidents ? The permission to enter may, indeed, be qualified by any condition the neutral state thinks fit to impose; such, for example, as that contained in the law of France, that prize goods which may have been taken from the subjects of the state or its allies should be restored. But this Court has expressly repudiated that principle in the case of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M3

the Invincible,a and it is for the executive and legislative departments to impose such restrictions as they think fit upon the admission into our ports of armed vessels, public or private, with their prizes. In the case of the Exchange, which has been so often referred to, the Court in summing up its opinion says : " It seems, then, to be a principle of public law,
that national ships of war, entering the ports of a friendly power open to their reception, are to be considered as exempted by the consent of that power from its jurisdiction." The ship herself being exempted from the local jurisdiction, she remains a part of the territory of her own country, and if she brings in with her prize ships, or prize goods, they are to be considered as in the possession of that country. That they are so, is apparent from the established doctrine of this Court, that prize ships or goods, though lying in a neutral territory, may be condemned in a competent Court of the belligerent state, by whose cruizers they were captured. Indeed, the writers on the law of nations expressly state the priviilege of bringing in their prizes to be a part of the permission.' But how can this be if the
immunity does not extend to every thing on board ? Here the goods were takenjure belli. Whether they are good prize depends upon the adjudication of the captor's Court, which is the only competent tribunal to determine that question. They are in his posses-
sion for the purpose of proceeding to adjudication,

1822. Th, sTaritn"idsamd. .

a 1 Wheat. Rep. 238. 6 Vattel, Droitdes Gens. 1. 3. c. 7.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
- The
santissima Trinidad.

even while they are locally within the neutral territory. Either the condemnation at Buenos Ayres is a sufficient adjudication, or not, If it be so, then. the appellant is entitled to the goods unfder it. If it
be not, still he is entitled to the possession of the goods, in order that he may proceed against them in the most regular manner, which he has been hitherto prevented from doing by this very suit.

Mdr 12a. Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the the Court. Upon the argument at the bar several questions have arisen, which have been deliberately considered by the Court; and itsjudgment will now be pronounced. The first in the order, in which we think it most convenient to consider the cause, is, whether
the Independencia is in point of fact- a public ship, belonging to the government of Buenos Ayres. The history of this vessel, so far as is necessary for the disposal of this point, is briefly this : She was originally built and equipped at Baltimore as a privateer during the late war with Great Britain, and was then
rigged as a schooner, and called the Mammoth, and cruized against the enemy. After the peace she was rigged as a brig, and sold by her original owners. In
January, 1816, she was loaded with a cargo of mu-
nitions of war, by her new owners, (who are inhabitants of Baltimore, and being armed With twelve guns, constituting a part of her original armament,
she was despatched from that port, under the command of the claimant, on a voyage, ostensibly to the Northwest Coast, but ia reality to Buenos Ayres.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

By the written instructions given to the supercargo 1822.

on this voyage, he was authorized to sell the vessel to The

the government of Buenos Ayres, if he could obtain sGntsiz= a suitable price. She duly arrived at Buenos Ayres, Triaial

having exercised no act of hostility, but sailed under

the protection of the American flag, during the voy-

age. At Buenos Ayres the vessel was sold to Cap-

tain Chaytor and two other persons ; and soon after-

wards she assumed the flag and characterof a public

ship, and was understood by the crew to have been

sold to the government of Buenos Ayres; and Cap-

tain Chaytor made known these facts to the crew,

and asserted that he had become a citizen of Buenos

Ayres; and had received a commission to command

the vessel as a national ship ; and invited the crew

to enlist in the service ; and the greater part of them

accordingly enlisted. From this period, which was

in May, 18 16, the public functionaries of our own and

other foreign governments.at that port, considered the

vessel as a public ship of war, and such was her avow-

ed character and reputation. No bill of sale of the ves-

sel to the government of Buenos Ayres is produced,

and a question has been made principally from this

defect in the evidence, whether her character as a

public ship is established. It is not understood that

any doubt is expressed as to the genuineness of Cap-

tain Chaytor's commission, nor as to the competen-

cy of the other proofs in the cause introduced, to

corroborate it. The only point is, whether suppos-

ing

them

true,

they

afford

satisfactory

evidence

of her

The commis-
-po~rooonfocfluthsenimo

public character. We are of opinion that they do. t er. In general the commission of a public ship) signed op

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. by the proper authorities of the nation to which shb

The

Sbelongs,

is complete proof of her national character.

Santsa A bill of sale is not necessary to be produced. Nor

will the Courts of a foreign country inqtlire into the tieaufs by'which the title to the'property has been

acquired. It would be to exert the right of examiti-

ing into the validity of the acts of the foreign sove-

rbign, and to sit in judgment upon them in cased where he has not conceded the jurisdiction, and where it would be inconsistent with his own supre-

macy. The commission, therefore, of a public ship, when duly authenticated, so far at least as foreign courts are concerned, imports absolute verity, and the title is not examinable. The property must be ta. ken to be duly acquired, and cannot be controvert-

ed. This has been the settled practice between nations ; and it is a rule founded in public convenience and policy, and cannot be broken in upon, witliout endangering the peace and repose, as well of neutral as of belligerent sovereigns. The commission in the

present case is not expressed in the most unequivocal terms; but its fair purport and interpretation must be deemed to apply to a public ship of the go-

vernment. If we add to this the.corroborative testi-

mony of our own and the British Consul at Buenos Ayres, as well as that of private citizens, to the notoriety of her claim of a public character; and her admission into our own ports as a public ship, with

the immunities and privileges belonging to such a

ship, with the express approbation of our own government, it does-not seem too much to assert, whatever

may he the private suspicibn of a lurking American

OF THE UNITED STATES.

337

interest, that-she mmwtbe judicially held to be a pub- 1822.

lic ship of the country whose commission she bears.
The
There is apother objection urged, against the ad- Santissima

imission of this vessel to the privileges and immuni- Trinida

ties of a public ship, which may as well be disposed

of in connexion with the question already consider-

ed. itis, that Buenos Ayres has not yet been aq-

knowledged as a sovereign, indepenident government

by the executive or legislature Df the United States,

and, therefore, is not entitled to have her ships of

war recognized by our Courts as national ships. We nisotetinnc tobfh-teho

have, in former cases,

had

occasion

to

express

our

'
twveen

r be.
Spai

opinion on this point. The government of the Uni- t d re. ted States has recognized the existence of a civil l vogto "
of the lIdepen.

war between Spain and her colonies, and has avow- denceofthe lat.
ter by the Uni.
ed a determination to remain neutral between the tCzodlonSietaste Wtehree

parties,, and to allow to,each the same rights of asy- deed by u

lure and hospitality and intercourse. Each party is, dtdto a 'the

therefore, deemed by us a belligerent nationo,f hwaayr-, tohf wr- _'4ty. rights
ing, sa far as-concerns us, the sovereign

and entitled to be respected in the exercise of those

rights. We cannot interfere to the prejudice of

either belligerent without making oursdv.es a. party

to the contest, and departing from the posture of

neutrality. All captures made by each must be con-

sidered as having the same validity, and all the im-

munities which may be claimed by public ships in

our ports under the law of nations must be consider-

ed-as equally the right -of each; and as such must

be recognized by our Couirts of justice, until Con-

gress shall prescribe a.different rule. This is the

VOL. VI

43

88

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT '

1822.
. The
Santissima
Trinidad.

doctrine heietofore asserted by this Court, and we see no reason to depart from it.
The next question growing out of this record, is vwhether the property in controversy was captured

in violation of our neutrality, so that restitution ought,

by the law of nations, to be decreed to the libellants.

Two grounds are relied upon to justify restitution :

First,that the Independencia and Altravida were ori-

ginally equipped, armed, and manned as vessels of

war in our ports ; Secondly, that there was an illegal

augmentation of the force of the Independencia within our ports. Are these grounds, or either of them,

sustained by the evidence ?

If the cause stood solely upon the testimony of

the witnesses who have been examined on behalf of

the libellants, we should have great hesitation in ad-

mitting the conclusions which have been drawn from

it. The witnesses, indeed, speak directly and uni-

formly either to the point of illegal equipment, or

illegal augmentation of force within our ports. But

their testimony is much shaken by the manifest con-

tradictions which it involves, and by declarations of

facts, the falsity of which was entirely within their

knowledge, and has been completely established in

proof. It has been said, that if witnesses concur in The doctrine proof of a material fact, they ought to be believed in
tchoantcuifrwiint.nesrsoes
of a m;,t,7 respect to that fact, whatever may be the other con-

fc they eeed tradictions in their testimony. - That position may
in respect to
that fact, what-be true under circumstances; but it is a doctrine
ever may be the
other contra- whien can be received only under many qualifica-
di.'tions in their
testimony,ought tions, and with great caution. If the circumstances
to be received under many qualifications, ad with great caution.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

339

respecting -which the testimony is discordant be im- 1822. material, and of such a nature, that mistakes may The easily exist, and be accounted" for in a manner con- Sntissima $istent with the ufmost good. faith and probability, Trimdal there is much reason for indulging the belief that the discrepancies arise from the infirmity of the human mind, rather than. from deliberate error. But where AppLUOZ of the party speaks to a fact in respect to which he can- " 6m. fa-not be presumed liable to mistake, as in relation to the country of his birth, or his being in a vessel on
a particular voyage, or living in -a particular place, if thfe fact turn out otherwise, it is extremely diff7cult to exempt him from the charge of deliberate falsehood; and Courts. of justice, under such circumstances, are bound, upon principles of law, and morality and justice, to apply the maxim falsus in Uno, falsus in omnibus. What ground' of judicial belief can there be left, when the party has shown such gross insensibility to the difference between right and wrong, between truth and falsehood ? The contradictions in the testimony of the witnesses of the libellants have been exposed at the bar with great force and accuracy; ind they are so numerous that, in ordinary cases, no Court of justice could venture'to rely on it without danger of being betrayed into the grossest errors. But in a case of the description of that before the Court, where the sovereignty and rights of a foreign belligerent nation - are in question, and where the exercise of jurisdiction over captures made under its flag, can be justified only by clear proof of the violation of our neutrality, there are still stronger reasons for abstaining

340

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182e. from interference, if the testimony is clouded' with * The idoubt and suspicion. We adhere to the rule which Santissima has been already adopted by this Court, that restituTrinidaad. tion ought not to be decreed upon the ground of

capture in violation of our neutrality, unless the fact be established beyond all reasonable doubt.
But the present case does not stand upon this testimony alone. It derives its principal proofs altogether from independent sources, to the consideration of which the attention of the Court will now be di-

rected.

Our municipal The question as to the original illegal armament

wibtihte trade in contraband

and

outfit

of

the Independencia

may

be

dismissed

in

amrteircelelys. subijtecit,s a few words. It is apparent, that though equipped bythe law of as a vessel of war, she was sent to Buenos Ayres

natious, to the
pealty f con- on a commercial adventure, contraband, indeed, but
iton, incase
of capture. in no shape violating our laws on our national neu-

trality. If captured by a Spanish ship of war during the voyage she would have been justly condemned as good prize, and for being engaged in a traffick prohibited by the law of nations. But there is nothing in our laws, or in the law of nations, that forbids our citizens from sending armed vessels, as well as munitions of war, to foreign ports for sale. It is a commercial adventure which no nation is bound to prohibit; and which only exposes the persons engaged in it to the penalty of confiscation.
Supposing, therefore, the voyage to have been for commercial purposes, and the sale at Buenos Ayres to have been a bonafide sale, (and there is nothing
in the evidence before us to contradict it,) there is no pretence to say, that the original outfit on the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

341

voyage was illegal, or that a capture made after the 1822.

sale was, for that cause alone, invalid.

The

The more material consideration is as to the aug- ST=riIniitdiad.

mentation of her force in the United States, at a sub- AuJmUIati

sequent period. It appears from the evidence, and, feth"Indaep, .cf
deaciaIn Our
indeed, is admitted by Captain Chaytor, that after por.

the sale in May, 1816, the Independencia sailed for

Buenos Ayres under his command, on a cruise

against, Spain; and after visiting the coast of Spain,

she put into Baltimore early in the month of Octo-

ber of the same year, having then on board the

greater part of her original crew, among whom were

many Americans. On her arrival at Baltimore, she

was received as a public ship, and there underwent

considerable repairs. Her bottom was new coppered,

some parts of her hull were recaulked, part of the

water-ways were replaced, a new head was put on,

-some new sails and rigging to a small amount, and

a new mainyard was obtained, some bolts were

driven into the hull, and the mainmast, which had

been shivered by lightning, was taken out, reduced

in length, and replaced in its former station. In

order to make these repairs, her guns, ammunition

and cargo were discharged under the inspection of

an officer of the customs, and when the repairs were

made, the armament was replaced, and a report

made by the proper officer to the collector, that there

was no addition to her armament. The Indepen-

fdencia left Baltimore in the latter part of December,

1816, having, then on board a crew of 112 men; and

about the 8th of January- following, she sailed from

the Capes of the Chesapeake on the cruise on which

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
T'e Santissima Trinidad.

the property in question was captured, being accomipanied by the Altravida, as a tender, or despatch vessel. It will be necessary, hereafter, to make more particular mention of the Altravida ; but, for the pre-

sent, the.observations of the Court *ill be confined

to the Independencia. It is admitted by the claimant, that during her sta , at Baltimore, several per-

sons were enlisted on board the Independencia, and

his own witnesses prove that the number was about

thirty.

The first observation that occurs on this part of the case is, that here is a clear augmentation of force within our jurisdiction. The excuse offered is, that

the persons so enlisted, represented themselves, or

were supposed to ne, persons in the service of Buenos

Ayres. Of this, however, there is not the slightest

Onusr~obdi proof. The enlistment of men being proved, it is

-a

the

sao show

incumbent on the claimant to show that they were

ant, to

tnhieanttatthioen ofpmpijehors-ons who might lawwfuu~lyleyanbe enlisted ; and as the

force by enlist-

ment wa law. burden of proof rests on him, the presumption necesful. sarily arising from the absence of such proof is that

they were not of that character. It is not a little

remarkable that not a single officer of the Independencia has been examined on this occasion. They

are the persons who, from their situation, must have

been acquainted with the facts; and the total omis-

sion to bring their testimony into the cause can scarcely be accounted for but upon a supposition ex-

tremely unfavourable to the innocence of the trans-

action.

Another observation which is drawn from the pre-

dicament of this case is, that if, as the claimant as-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

serts, the original voyage to Buenos Ayres, was a mere commercial adventure, the crew must have been
composed principally of Americans or residents in our country. They enlisted at Buenos Ayres on
board the Independencia, as officers and seamen for the purposes of warfare, and there is no evidence in the case as to the length of time of their engagemeuts, or of -the place where the crime was to terminate. Why are the documents on this subject, for documents must exist, in the possession of the claimant ; why are they not produced ? If the cruise was to terminate at Buenos Ayres, or at a specific period of time, the fact would have a material bearing on the merits of the cause. Yet though the pressure of this point must, at all times, nave been
forcibly felt, there has not, up to the present moment, been the slightest effort to relieve it from the dark-
ness which thus surrounds it. -Under such circumstances, the natural conclusion would seem to be that
the crew were to be discharged, and the cruize to terminate at Baltimore. This was their.native or adopted home, the place where they first embarked on board the Mammoth, and that to which most of
them must be supposed solicitous to return. The conduct of the vessel indicated the same intent. She
underwent general repairs, some of which could hardly be deemed of great necessity, and must have been induced by the consideration that Baltimore was a port peculiarly well fitted for naval equipments. During the repairs (a period of two months)
the crew were necessarily on shore and it is scarcely to be supposed that they were held together by

1822.
The
Santiim-,
Trinidad.

344

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
The Santissima Triidad.

any common bond of attachment, or that they had
so far lost the common character of seamen as not to be easily led into some other employment or enterprise, which should yield immediate profit. What

proof, indeed, is there that the same crew which came to Baltimore sailed again in the Independencia on, her new cruise ? It is stated only as hearsay by one or two of the claimant's witnesses, who had nln means, and do not pretend to any means of accurate knowledge of the fact. If true, it might have been
proved by the officers of the ship, by the muster roll
of the crew, and by the shipping articles; and these are wholly withdrawn from the cause, without even an apology for their absence. It would certainly be an unreasonable credulity for the Court, under such circumstances, to believe that the actual augmentation of force was not far greater than what is admitted by the party, and that there was either an innocence of intention or act in the enlistments. The Court is, therefore, driven to the conclusion, that there was an illegal augmentation of the force of the Independencia in our ports, by a substantial increase of her crew; and this renders it wholly unnecessary to enter into an investigation of the question, whether there was not also an illegal increase of her arma,-
ment. Illegal outfit If any doubt could be be entertained as to the InT[a AI -dependencia, none can be as to the predicament of
the Altravida. This vessel was formerly a privateer,
called the Romp, and was condemned for illegal conduct by, the District Court of Virginia; and under the decree of the Court, was sold, together with the ar-

OF TIE UNITED STATES. 

845

mament and munitions of war. then on board. She

was purchased ostensibly for a Mr. Thomas Taylor,

but was immediately transferred to Captain Chaytor. She soon afterwards went toBaltimore, and wasattach

ed as a tender to the Independencia, having no separate

commission, but acting under the authority of Captain

Chaytor. Part of her armament- was mounted, and

a crew of about twenty-five men were put on board

at Baltimore. She dropped down to the Patuxent

a few days before the sailing of the Independencia,

and was there joined by the latter, and accompanied

her on a cruise in the manner already mentioned.

Here, then, is complete evidence from the testimony

introduced by the claimant himself of an illegal out-

fit of the Altravida, and an enlistment of her crew

within our waters for the purposes of war. There

is no pretence that the crew was transferred to her

from the lndependencia, for the claimants own wit-

nesses admit that a few only were of this descrip-

tion. The Altravida must be considered as attached

to, and constituting a part of the force of the Inde-

pendencia, and so far as the warlike means of the

latter were increased *by the purchase, hbr military

force must be deemed to be augmented. Not the

slightest evidence is offered of the place ot circum-

stances under which the enlistment of the-crew took place. It consisted, according to the strong lan-

guage of the testimony, of persons of all nations; and'

it deserves consideration, that throughout this volu-

minous record, not a scintilla of evidence exists to show that any person on board of either vessel was a

VOL. VF-.

44

1822.
"- Ile -
santimsim
Trwda&

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1822,
The
SanDt:,ima
Tinidad.

native of Buenos Ayres. We think, then, that ths
fact of illegal augmentation of force, by the equipment of the Altravida, is also completely established in proof.

What, then, are the consequences which the law

attaches to such conduct, so far as they respect the

property now under adjudication ? It is argued on the

part of the libellant, that it presents a casus ftederis

Thtz'sith arti- under our treaty with Spaiu. The sixth and four-
cle of the Spa
nIMis0h, otnelaytyproo. teenth articles are relied upon for this purpose. The

vides for restitution

the
of former

is

in

our judgment exclusively

applicable

to

Spanish ships h

capturedith,' the protection and defence of Spanish ships within

ton. our jurisdic- our territorial jurisdiction, and provides for the res-

titution of them when they have been captured with-

in that jurisdiction. The latter aiticle provides, that

no subject of Spain " shall apply for, or take any

commission or letter of marque for arming any ship or ships to act as privateers," against the United

States, or their citizens, or their property, from any prince or state with which the United States shall be at war; and that no citizen of the United States " shall applyAfor, or take any commission or letters
of marque, for arming any ship er ships to act cs privateers" against the King of Spain, or his subjects, or their property, from any prince or state with which the said king shall be at war. " And if any person of either nation shall take such commission or 'letter of marque, he shall be punished as a pir-te." In the Spanish counterpart of the treaty, the word " privateers" in the first clause has the corresponding word ,1corsarios ;" but in the second clause, no such word is to be found. But it is ob-

OF THE UNITED ST!ATES
vious that both clauses were intended to receive, and 1822. oughr to receive, the same construction; and the " The' very terms of the article confine the prohibition to Santi-ima commissions, &c. to privateers. It is not for this Court to make the construction of the treaty broader than the apparent intent and purport of the language. There may have existed, and probably did exist, reasons of public policy which forbade an extension of the prohibition to public ships of war. It might well be deemed a breach of good faith in a nation to enlist in its own service an acknowledged foreigner, and at the same time subject him by that very act, and its own stipulations, to the penalties of piracy. But it is sufficient for the Court, that the language of the treaty does not include the case of a public ship, and we do not perceive that the apparent intention or spirit of any of its provisions, justifies such an interpolation. The question, then, under the Spanish treaty, may be dismissed without further com-
mentary. This view of the question renders it unnecessary aU,'4c to
thet doctrine of
to consider another which has been discussed at the cxpatriati ! bar respecting what is denominated the rlight of expatriation. It is admitted by Captain Chaytor, in the most explicit manner, that during this whole period his wife and family have continued to *resideat Baltimore; and so far as this fact goes, it contradicts the supposition of any real change of his own domicil. Assuming, for the purposes of argument, that an American citizen may, independently of any legislative act to this effect, throw off his own allegiance to his native country, as to which we give no

348

CASES IN THE SUPREME OURT

1822. opinion, it is perfectly clear, that this cannot be done

%
The

fwithout a bonafide change of domicil under circum-'

Santissima stances of good faith. It can never be asserted as a Trinidad. cover for fraud, oras ajustification for the commission

of a crime against the country, or for a violation of

its law, when this appears to be the intention of the

act. It is unnecessary to go into a farther examina-

tion of this doctrine; ,nd it will be sufficient to as-

certain its precise nature and limits, when it shall

become the leading. point of a judgment of the

Court.

And here we are met by an argument oni behalf

of the claimant, that the augmentation of the

force of the Independencia within our ports, is not

an infraction of the law of nations, or a violation of

our neutrality ; and that'so far as it stands prohibited

by our municipal laws the penalties are personal, and

do not reach the case of restitution of captures made

in the cruize, during which such augmentation has

tiAonn oafufmorecntstoar- taken place. It has never been held by this Court,

illegal outfit on- that an augmentation of force or illegal outfit affect-

ly affects cap-

r

d ed any captures made after the original cruize 'was

aumeticon or outfit was
-nade.

terminated. By analogy to other cases of violations of public law the offi'nce may well be deemed to be deposited at the termination of the voyage, and not to affect future transactions. But as to captures made during the same cruize, the doctrine of this Court has long established that such illegal augmen-
tation is a violation of the law of nations, as well as of our own municipal laws, and as a violation of our neutrality, by analogy to other cases, it infects the captures subsequently made with the character

OF TiE UNITED STATES.

W4

of torts, and justifies and requires a restitution to the parties who have been injured by such misconduct. It does not-lie in the mouth of wrongdoers, to set up a-title derived from a violation of our neutrality. The cases in which this doctrine has been recognized and applied, have been cited at the bar, and are so numerous -nd so uniform, that it would be a waste of time to discuss them, 'or to examine the reasoning by wbich they are supported: More especially as no inclination -exists on the part of the Court to ques-
tion the soundness of these decisions. If, indeed, the question, were entirely new, it would deserve very grave consideration, whether a claim founded on a violation of our neutral jurisdiction could be asserted by private persons; or in any other manner than a direct intervention of the government itself. In the case of a capture made within a neutral territorial j urisdic ion, it is-Well settled, that as between the captors and the captured, the question can never be litigated. It can arise only upon a claim of the neutral sovereign asserted in his own Courts or the Courts of the power having cognizance of the capture itself for the purposes of prize. And by analogy to this course of proceeding, the interposition of our own -government might seem fit to have been required, before cognizance of the wrong could be taken by our Courts. But the practice from the beginning in this class of causes, a period
of nearly 30 years, has been uniformly the other way; and .it is now too late to disturb it. If any inconvenience should -grow oht of it, from reasons of state policy or executive discretion, it is competent

1822.
The SaXtissima
Triniaa.

360

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. for Congress to apply at its pleasure the proper re-
The Smedy.
Santissima It is further contended by the claimdnt, that the Trinidad. doctrine heretofore established has been confined to
Captures by
public ships'as cases of captures made by privateers ; and that it has
vateers, ifr ade
in violation or never been applied to captures by public ships, aud in
our neutrality,
subject to reason aDd policy ought not to be so applied. The case restitution. of the Cassus, in 3 Dall. Rep. 121., has been sup-

posed at the bar to authorize such an interpretation
of the doctrine. That was the case of a motion for a prohibition to the District Court to prohibit it from exercising jurisdiction on a libel filed against the Cassius, a public armed ship of France, to obtain compensation in damages in rem, for an asserted illegal capture of another-vessel belonging to the libellants on the high seas, and sending her into a French port for adjudication, as prize. The libel
alleged that the Cassius was originally equipped and fitted for war in a port of the United States contrary to our laws, and the law of nations. But there was no allegation that she had been originally fitted out by her present commander, or after she became the property of the French government. The principal question was, whether our Courts could sustain a libel for compensation in rem against the capturing vessel for an asserted illegal capture as prize on the high seas, when the prize was not brought into our ports, but was carried into a port infra prcesidia of the captors. The Court granted the prohibition; but as no reasons were assigned for the judgment, the only ground that can be gathered, is that which is apparenm on the face of the writ of prohibition,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

651

where it is distinctly asserted, that the jurisdiction in cases of this nature exclusively belongs to the Courts of the capturing power, and that neither the public ships of a nation, nor the officers of such sh.ps are liable to be arrested to answer for such captures in any neutral Court. The doctrine of that case was fully recognized by this Court in the case of the Itvincible, (I Wheat R. 238.;) and it furnishe- a rule tor the exemption of a public ship from proceedings in rem, in our Courts fbr illegal captures on tile high seas, in violation of our neutrality ; but in no degree exempts her prizes in our ports from the ample exercise of our jurisdiction.
Nor is there in reason or in policy any ground for a distinction between captures in violation of our neutrality by public ships, and by privateers. In each case the injury done to our friend is the same; in eacti the illegality of the capture is the sama; in each the duty of the neutral is equally strong to assert its own rights, and to preserve its own good faith, and to take from the wrongdoer the property he has unjustly acquired, and reinstate the other party in his
title and possession which have been tortiously devested. This very point was directly asserted by this Court in its judgment in the causes of the Invincible. Mr. Justice JoHNsON there said, "as to the restitution of prizes made in violation of neutrality, there could be no reason suggested for creating a distinction between the national and the private armed vessels of a belligerent. Whilst a neutral yields to
other nations the unobstructed exercise of their sovereign or belligerent rights, her own dignity and secu

1822.
The Sntissima Trinld2d.

352

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182. The Santissima
Trinidad.
cae ng the
Exchange, 7 Cranch, i 16.
disting.shed from this ae

rity require of her the vindipation of her own neutrality, and of her sovereign right to remain the peaceable -ind impartial spectator of the war. As to her it is immaterial in whom the property of the offending vessel is vested. The commission under which the captors act is the same, and that alone communicates the right of capture, even to a vessel which is national property." We are satisfied of the correctness of this doctrine, and have no disposition to shake it. In cases of violation of neutral territorialjurisdiction no distinction has ever beefl made be-
tween the capture of public and private armed ships; and thesame reason which goverms that, applies with equal force to this case.
An objection of a -more important and comprehensive nature has been urged at the bar, and that is, that public ships of war are exempted from the local jurisdiction by the universal assent of nations ; and that as all property captured by such ships is captured for the sovereign, it is, by parity of reasoning, enti-
tied to the like exemption; for nzo sovereign is answerable for his acts to the tribunals of any foreign sovereign.
In the case of the Exchange, (7 Cranch, 1 6.) the
grounds of the exemption of public ships were .fully discussed and expounded. It was there shown that it was not founded upon any notion that a foreign sovereign had an absolute right, in virtue of his sovereign'ty, to an exemption of his property from the local jurisdiction of another sovereign, when it came within his territory ; for that would be to give him sovereign power beyond the limits of his own empire.

oF THE UNITED STATES.

3.53

But it stands upon principles of -public comity and

convenience, and-arises from the presumed consent

or license of nations, that fQreign public ships coning. into their ports,-and demeaning themselves ac-

cording to law, and in a friendly manner; shall be ex-

empt from the local jurisdiction. But as such con-

sent and license is implied only from the general

usage of .nations, it may be withdrawn upon notice

at any time, .without just offence, and if afterwards

such public ships come into our ports, they are ame-

nable to our laws in the same manner as other ves-

sels. To be sure, a foreign sovereign cannot be com-

pelled to appear in our Courts, or be made liable to

their judgment, so long as he remains in his own do-

minions, for the sovereigrity of each is bounded by

territorial limits. If, however, hd comes personally

within our limits, although he.generally enjoy a per-

sonal immunity, he may become liable to judicial

process in the same way, and under the same cir-

cumstances, as the public ships of the nation. But

there is nothing in the law of nations which forbids a

foreign sovereign, either on account of the dignity of

his station, or the nature of his prerogative, from vo-

luntarily becoming a party to a suit in the tribunals of

another country, or from asserting there any person-

al, or proprietary, or sovereign rights, which may be

properly recognized and enforced by such tribunals.

It is a mere matter of his owh good will and pleasure;

and if he happens to hold a private domain within

another territory, it may be that he cannot obtain full

redress for any injury to it, except through the in-

strumentality of its Courts of justice. It may there-

VOL. VII.

45

18
TIC
&anti.wmo
Trint'ad.

$954
1822.
1all
The
Santissima Trinidad.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
fore be justly laid doii n as a generil proposition. that persons and property within the territorial *uris-
diction of a sovereian, are amenable to the jurisdiction of himself or his Courts: and that the exceptions
to this rule are such only as by common usage, and public policy, have been allowed, in order to preserve the peace and harmony of nations, and to regulate their intercourse in a nianner best suited to their dignity and rights. It would indeed he strange, if a license implied by law from the general practice of nations, for the purposes of peace, should he construed as a license to do wrong to the nation itself, and justify the breach of all those obligations which good faith and friendship, by the same implication, impose upon those wrho seek an asylum in our ports. We are of opinion that the objection capmot be sustained; and that whatever may be the exemption of the public ship herself, and of her armament and munitions of war, the prize property which she brings into our ports is liable to the jurisdiction of our Courts, for the purpose of examination and inquiry, and if a proper case be made our, for restitution to those whose possession has been devested by a violation of our neutrality ; and if the goods are landed from the public ship in our ports, by the express permission of our own government, that does not vary the case, since it involves no pledge that if illegally captured they shall be exempted from the ordindry operation of our la'ws.
The last question which has been made at the bar, on which itis necessary to pronounce an opinion, is as to the effect of the asserted condemnation of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

35"*

property in controversy, at Buenos Ayres, during the pendency of this suit. Assuming, for the purpose ofargument, ttIhat the condemnation was regularly made, and is duly authenticated, we are of qpinion that it cannot oust the jurisdiction of this, Court, after it had once regularly attached itself to the cause. By the seizure and possession of the property, under the process of the District Court, the possession of the captors was devested, and the property was emphatically placed in the custody .of the law. It has been since sold, by consent of the parties, under an interlocutory decree of the Court, and the proceeds are deposited in its registry, io abide the final adjudica'tion. Admitting, then,-that property may lie
condemned in the Courts of the captor, while lying in a neutral country, (a doctrine which has been affirmed by this Court,) still it can be so adjadicated only while the possession of the captbr remains; for if-it be devested, in fact, or by operation of law, that possession is gone which can alone-sustain the jurisdiction. A fortiori, where the property is alrea.ly in the custody of a neutral tribunal, and the title is in litigiation there, no other foreign Court can, by its adjudication, rightfully take away its jurisdiction, or forestall and defeat its judgment. It would be an attempt to exercise a: sovereign authority over the Court having possession of the thing, and take from the nation the right of vindicating its own justice and neutrality.
Upon tie whole, it is the opinion of the Court that the decree of the Circuit Court he affirmed, with costs,

1s8.
The
Satissim
TrinidAn.
at Ruma to " "'
procedings.

522g
1822. Crocket Crocect
V.
Lee.

CASES IN. THE SUPREME COURT
are proofs of a continuing Ame-ican ownership whie are entirely conclusive., There can, then, be no doubt but that the captures made by the Fortuna are in violation of the laws of the United States, enatetl
for the preservation of our .neutraliti, and that they ought to be restored when brought within our territory.
The Rainha de los Anjos was a Portuguese vessel, captured by the La Fortuna, in the same cruize in which she captured the Monte Atlegre. The cases are, in all material respects, the same.

:Sentences affirmed with costs.

(LocAL LAw. CnAwnY.)
CROCKET v. LEE.
SAME: V. SAME.
A question -on th' validity of a certificate for a settlement right in Kentucky, and of the entry thereof in the surveyor's offlce.
It is a settled rule, that the decree must conform to the allegations in the pleadings, as well as to the proofs in the cause.
Therefore, when the question is on the validity of a location, an# neither its vagueness nor its certainty are distinctly put in issue 'by the pleadings, the testimony to that point will be disregarded by this Court; but if the merits appear to justify it, the cause will be remanded to the Court below, with directions to permit the pleadings to be amended.
APPEA L from the Circuit Court of Kentucky.

OF THE UNITED STATES.2

523

These causes were argued by Mr Sheffey,0 for the appellant, and by Mr. Cayjb for the respondent.
Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion 6f the Court.'
These causes relate to the same title, and depend on the same question. It'is the validity of a certificate for a settlement right granted to Angus Cameron, and' of the- entry thereof in the surveyor's office.
The certificate is in these words: "Angus Cameron this day claimed a settlement and pre-emption in the District of Kentucky, on account of residirig'in the country twelve months before the year 1778, lying at the head right hand fork of Welles' branch, extending south east to the head of a small run that empties into the north fork of Licking, including the spring on the head of both branches, about one and a half miles above the war path that- crosses the north fork. Satisfactory proof being made to the Court, they-are of opinion that the said Cameron has a right to a settlement of 400 acres of land, to include the above location, and the pre-emption of 1000 acres adjoining, and that a certificate issue accordingly."

1822.
Crocket
V.
Lee.
Marai 7&.

a Who cited Bodley v. Taylor, 5 Cranch, 229. 6 Cranch. 148. 3 Cranchi 239. 2 Wheat. Rep. -144. 2 Bibb, 144. 1 Bibb, 72. 1 Wheat. Rep. 141. 1 Wheat. Rep. 1.30. 3'Bibb, 623. 5 Wheat. Rep. 116. 6 Mheat. Rep. 119. 1 Bibb, 228.
b Who cited 1 Bibb, 10. 46.34. 129. 136. 2 Bibb, 109. 1(4. 259. 476. 479. Hardie, 411." 1 f'.arth. Kent. Rep. 281. Print. Dec. 9i. 3 Bibb, 148,r 149. Wheat. Dig. Dec. tit. Loctrl Law. XI.

524
I 822. Crocket
V.
Lee.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The entry in the surveyor's office conforms to the location expressed in the certificate.
The right of Cameron,. both to his settlement and pre-emption, was regularly conveyed to the appellant, in whose name patents have been obtained.
The appellee claims under junior entries, for which patents have been issued, younger than the appellant's patent on the pre-emption warrant, but elder than his patent on the settlement right. The appellant, therefore, filed his bill to obtain a conveyance for the land covered by his settlement right, the legal title to which was in the appellee ; and the appellee filed his bill to obtain a conveyance for the land coyered by the appellant's patent on the pre-emption right, to which he claimed the equitable title.
Pending the controversy, Lee purchased in the right of a person claiming under a patent older than either of those under which Crocket claimed; but as this patent was founded on a junior entry, the validity of Cameron's certificate, was still the question on which the whole case depended.
In the Circuit Court, Crocket's bill was dismissed and, in tfie other suit, he was decreed to convey to Lee the land contained in his patent for Cameron's settlement right. The decrees were founded entirely on the opinion that Cameron's location was too vague.to be supported. In the Circuit Court, tho cause turned almost entirely on this point, and the greater part of the testimony is taken with a view to it. If the validity of Cameron's location be sustained, Crocket must succeed, because his right is prior in time, and superior in dignity, to any title conflicting

OF THE UNITED STATES.

50_.5

with it, If Cameron's entry be invalid, then the decrees are right, either becauseYoung's . -t y is good, or because the legal title was in Lee, when they
were made. The testimony which has been taken in these
causes, certainly is very strong in support of the decrees of the Circuit Court ; but the counsel for the appellant contends that -so inuch of this testimony as respects the vagueness of Cameron's location must be disregarded, because -neither its vagueness nor its certainty has been put in issue. Lee has not averred
in his bill, nor alleged in his answer, that this location is 'vague, nor has he any where, or in any man-
ner, questioned its validity. The principle advanced by the appellant's coun-
sel cannot be controverted. No rule* is better settled than that the decree must conform to the all6gations, as well as to the proofs in the cause. The location being set out in the pleadings, the Court can undoubtedly notice any intrinsic apparent defeet. If it be void in itself, no testimony can sus-
tain it, and it would be deemed void on a demurrer to the bill. But if it be not void in itself, if its validity depends upon facts to be proved in the cause,
then its validity ought to be put in issue. The counsel for the appellee does not directly con-
trovert this principle, but endeavours to withdraw his case from its operation, by contending that terms are used in the pleadings which are equivalent to a direct allegation that Cameron's location is too vague to be
sustained. If in this he is correct, the consequence he draws

1822.
'--r '
LVee..

526
1822. Crocket
Lee.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
from it will he adinitted ; for it will certainly be suf-
ficient, if tie"matter to be proved be substantially alleged in the proceedings. How, then, is the fact ?
In his answer to Crocket's bill, he says that he ooes not "admit that the survey has been made agreeable to location or to law."
This allegation certainly questions the survey. If it vary frcm the entry; if it be chargeable with any fatal irregularity, if itbein any respect contrary to law, suchi defects may be shown, and the party may avail himself of it to the extentjustified by his test, mony, and by the law. But this allegation is confined to the survey. 'It does not mount up to the location, nor dbes it draw that into question. It gives no notice to Crocket, that his entry was to be controverted.
The bill filed by Lee, is equally defective in this respect. After setting out his own title, he states that of his adversary; ana, after reciting the certificate granted* ioCameron; 5ubjoins that Crocket claim.ed the land "1in disputeby virtde of the said improve. ment, and having caused ihe same to be surveyed contrary to location, and to law, and was to interfere with" his (Lee's) claims; had obtained a prior patent, &c.
This' allegation,.like that in the answer, draws into question only tihe survey. It does not controvert the location or entry,
'The couosel for the appellant says it Would be monstrous, if after the parties have gone to trial on the validity of the entry, and have directed all their

OF THE UNITED STATES.

527

testimony in the Circuit Court to that point, their rights should be made to depend in the appellate Court on a mere defect in the pleadings, which had entirely escaped their observation in the Court where it might have been amended, and the non-existence of which would not have varied the case.
The hardships of a particular case would not justify this tribunal in prostrating the fundamental rules of a Court of Chancery ; rules which have been established for ages, on the soundest and clearest principles of general utility. If the pleadings in the cause were to give no notice to the parties or to the Court of the material-facts on which the right asserted was to depend, no notice of the points to which
the testimony was to be directed, and to which it was to be limited; if a new case might be made out in proof, differing from that stated in the pieadings, all will perceive the confusion and uncertainty which would attend legal proceedings, and the injustice which must frequently take place. The rule that the decree must conform to the allegations, as well as to the proofs of the parties, is not only one which justice requires, but one which necessity imposes on Courts. We cannot dispense with it in this case. But although the entry is not put in issue, the survey is; and if that be made on ground not covered by any part-of the entry, the decrees would, on that accdunt, be affirmed.
It must at once occur that in a case where the entry is in reality attended with much uncertainty, there will be some difficulty in showing how much a

18-.
%Crocket V.

1822.
Crocket
V.
Lee.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
survey varies from it, uless the survey be made on land entirely different from the entry. That does not appear to be the fact in the'present case. Cameron's entry calls for the head right hand fork of Welles'
branch, for the head of a small run that empties into the north fork, and to lie about one and a half miles above the war path that crosses the north fork. The survey is upofithe head waters of these, streams, and lies a small ,distance above the war path that crosses the north. fork. There is reason to believe, that, were the location to be sustained, the survey would be found to conform to it in part, though not perhaps- entirely. This Court -has no means of ascertaining how- far they agree, and how far they disagree, and the decrees of the Circuit Court must be reversed.
But is- this reversal is not on the merits of the case, and the'C'urt is rather inclined to the opinion that the decrees on the merits are right, no final decreewvill be :directed in either cause, but each will be remanded to the Circit Court, with directions to permit the parties to amend their pleadings.

*ANDREW CROCKET, Appellant,

HENRY LEE, Respondent.

)

DEcRE. This cause came on to be heard on the 1il,&c. and was argued by counsel; on consideration
wherebf, this Court is of opinion that the decree dismissing the plaintiff Is bill was erroneous, in this, that the plaintiff is shown to possess the prior and better equitable title, unless his location, whichis the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
foundation to that title be void for want of certfinty, 1822. a point not properly examinable under the plead- c ings in the cause, as they now stand, because it is not V. put in issue. This Court doth therefore reverse the iaid decree, and doth remand the cause to the Circuit Court, that the paites may be permitted.to amend their pleadings, and -thai further proceedings may be had ti erein; according to law.
SAME. V.
SAME.
"DECREe. - This cause came on to be heard on the bil;,.&c: and. was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, this Gourt is of opinion that the decree direcing the.defendant to convey to the plaintiff the land therein-mentioned,is erroneous in-this, that the defendalnt.is shown to possess the prior and better - equitabl~fitle, unless his location, which is the foundation of that title, be void for want of certainty, a point not prQperly examinable under the pleadings in the cause, as they now stand, because it is not put in issue. This Court doth therefore reverse the said decree, and doth remand the cause to the Circuit Court. that the parties may be permitted to amend their pleadings, and that farther proceedings may be had therein, according to law.
VoL. VIL

OF THEUNITED STATES.

5,5

Although, therefQre, a writ of error might issue to a 1822. judgment awarding a peremptory mandamus to re- BIght LeSstore to office where the matter in controversy was see sufficient to give jurisdiction to the Court, it could Rochester. not regularly issue in this case.

Writ of error quashed.

(Co.mmox LAw.)
BLIGHT'S, Lessee et al v. ROCHESTE.
British subjects, born before the revolution, are equally mcapable with those born after, of inheriting,. or transmitting the inheritance of lands in this country.
The treaties of -1783, and 1794, only provide for titles existing at the time those'treaties were made, and not to titles subsequently acquired.
ActuaL possession is not necessary to give the party the benefit of the treaty; but the existdnce of title at the time is necessary.
Whbere . D., an alien and British subject, came into the United States subsequent to the treatyof 1783, and before the signature of the treaty of 1794, died, seized of theIands-in question: Held, that the title of his heirs was not protected by the treaties.
In what cases citizenship may be presumed so as to confirm a title to lands.
The anctrine ofestoppel, or the principle ofj legal policy, which forbids a party from denTing the title under which he has received a conveyance, does not apply as between vendor and vendee, especiAlly where the latter has not received -possession from the former.
ERROR to. the Circuit Court of Kentucky. This was an ejectment in the Court below, brought to recover the possession of lot No. 18, in the town of

536

CASES IN THE.SUPREME COURT

1822. Danville, in. the State of Kentucky. It appeared,

"from

the evidence in the cause, that the plaintiffs

Blight's Les-

see are ,the heirs of John Dudlap, who was a citizen of

Rochester- Pennsylvania, and claimed as the heir of his brother,

James Dunlap, who died seised of the premises in

question, in the autumn of 1794. James Dunlap

was an alien, and a subject of the king of Great Bri-

tain, who came to. the United States subsequent to

the treaty of peace of 1783, and died before the sig-

nature of the treaty of 1794. After his death, one

Hunter, professing to have purchased of John Dun-

lap, entered into possession, and conveyed to, several

persons, parcels of the lot; and to the defendant,

Rochester, one parcel, in 1796, who entered into

possession thereof, -and has occupied the same ever

since ; having acknowledged the title of said Dun-

lap, as that under which he held.

Upon this evidence, the counsel for the plaintiffs

moved the Court to instruct the jury,

1st. That if the jury find the defendant obtained

possession under James G. Hunter, who obtained pos-

session as the attorney of John Dunlap, or who claim-

ed under an executory agreement with John Dun-

lap, and that said defendant .has held, and occupied

under John Dunlap's title, claiming from said Hun-

ter, as the attorney of said Dunlap, or under an ex-

ecutory agreement, or has, since he was in posses-

sion, acknowledged the title of said Dunlap, as that

under which he held ; that then the defendant is not

permitted to impeach or controvert the title of said

John Dunlap, by parol evidence that Jamcs Dunlap

was an alien.

OF THE UNITED STATES,

537

2d. That if the defendant, Rochester, acquired the 18n2.

possession, and has continued to hold as above, the Bl1ight% Lee-spossession of the defendant was not such.an adverse SW

possession, as would toll the right of entry of said Roches*te.

John.Dunlap, and the statute of limitations does not

apply.

3d. That if James Dunlap occupied the lot, from

the date of his deed till his death, and said James G.

Hunter and the defendant have continued to hold it

under the claim of John Dunlap, his brother, as heir

to James; that from these facts, connected with the

evidence in the cause, and in the absence of any proof

of an inquisition or office found as to the alienage of

James Dunlap, and in the absence of any grant or

other act of the commonwealth or its officers since

the death of said James, in derogation of the title of

said James or of said John,they should presume that

said James was a citizen of the United States.

4th. That if they believe the evidence, they should

find for the plaintiff.

6th. That the jury have a right to presume that

James Dunlap was a citizen of the State of Virginia,

or of gome one of the United States, and if so, John

Dunlap was his heir, and capable of inheriting.

6th. That if James Hunter entered under a parol

agreement with John Dunlap, the possession of said

Hunter was the possession of said Duulap

.7th. That the inheritance claimed by John Dun-

lap, as heir tb James, is protected by, and within the

provisions of the treaty between the.United States

and. Great'Britain, signed -19th November, 1794.

The Court refused the 1st, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, and

VoL. VII.

6

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18122 " g
see
Rochester.

7th instructions, moved by the plaintiff; and gave the second, with this qualification, "Ithat if John Dunlap had either title or the actual possession of the premises after the death of Jmes Dunlap, and before the entry of said Hunter, or of the defendant, then the statute of limitations did not apply."
The defendant moved the instruction, that if James Dunlap was an alien, aprd died before the 19th November, 1794, then the plaintiff has madboout no title to the land in question which will authorize them to find for him ; which was given by theCourt-,witli this qualification, that if the jury find that John Dunlap had actual possession of the premises after the death of James Dunlap, and prior to the time"when Huntei
took possession, in that event this instruction would not be given.

mar,& 1sth.

. Mr. Bibb, for the plaintiff, (I.) stated that the first instruction, m'bved oii the part of the plaintiffs, involved .the proposition that Hunter, who entered, claiming ufider' John Dunlap, Wbuld be estooped from denying John Dunlap's title by parol, and that the' defendant, Rochester, who entered under Hunteri stands in the same predicament with hi grantor, and.is besides precluded by his own acknowledgment, from denying the title from which his own is derived.

a Jackson . Stewart, 6 Johns. Rep. 34. Jackson r. Reynolds' 1 .Canes' Rep. 444. Jackson v. Whitford, 2 Caines' Rep.' 216. Brandtv.' Livermore, 10 Johns. Rep. 368.. Jackson v, HinuAan, lb. 29L Jackson -' Bush/ 1b. 2.23. Jackson v. M'Lcod, Johns. Rep. 182. Jackson- v. ,Griham, 3 Caines' ReV 488. Pbillis v. Rothwell, 4 Bibb's,Rep. 3$.. Connelly' v .Ghtfos 2
Mars4w Kent;'Rep. 24

OF THE UNITED STATES.

639

2. The second instruction asked by the plaintiff was given by the judge below, but with a qualification. That qualification involves the questions discussed on the first instruction, by permitting the defendant to impeach the title of John.Dunlap, or by requiring an actual entry by John, after the death of James, and before Hunter or the defendant entered, It is insisted that thepedispossessio of John was not necessary ; that the entry of Hunter, claiming under him, enured to his henefit, and was sufficient to eqable Hunter, and all claiming or holding under him, after such entry, to show title derived from John Dunlap.c
3. The third and fifth instructions prayed for,,may be considered together. In withholding both these instructions, the Court has denied to the jury the right to infer one fact from another. From the long uninterrupted possession held under the title of the Dunlaps, and as against the defendant, who had acknowledged John Dunlap's title, the jury ought to. have been perrmitted to fill, by intendmenr or presumption, after the death of both the Dunlaps, the only chasm alleged by the defendant to exist In that title.' Before the establishment of a uniform rule of naturalization under the new constitution, the laws of the different States gave great encouragement to
emigration, by conferring the privileges of citi ensluip on easy terms. The acknowledgmvnt of John Dunlap's title by the defendant, his possession under it, and demand of a deed from John D., was sufficient

182e. 33"1ights I~A:9-
sce
RodvsteJ

a Barr v. Gratz, 4 Wheat. Rep. 214. Jackson v. Reynolds,
I Caines' Rep. 444. Jackson v. M'Leod, 12 Aont. Rep. 182.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
'a
BMigh's. Lessee
Rochester.

evidence, of itself, to warrant thejury to find John D. citizen, if that were necessary to perfect his title.
Omne majus continet in s.minus : the acknowledgment of his title involved the admission of the fact that he was a citizen. -
4. The fourth instruction may be considered as involving the previous instructions mbved ; for, if the defendant was stopped to deny John D.'s title, and the statute of limitations did apply to the case, then certainly the plaintiffs were entitled to recover. As to the statute of limitations, as the defendant claimed under John D., and looked to him flir the perfection of his title, the possession of the defendant is not such an adverse possession as would toll the right of entry of the heirs of the said John D.b To bar the plaintiff in ejectment, the possession of the defendant must have been -adverse in its. commencement, and so continued.c The defendant admitted John D.'s title within twenty years before action brought, and the-plaintiffs were residing out of the State of Kentiicky, and consequently within the saiings-of the
statute.
5.The sixth instruction asked is grounded upon the local statute of frauds and perjuries, which is similar to the English statute of frauds, 29 Car. 11. c. 3, and avoids "any contract for. the sale of lands, &c. unless the agreement, or some note, or memo-

a Co. Litt. 52. b. .Koy. .Max. 16-17. b Litt. s. 396, 397. Co. Litt. 242. Bull. N. P. 102. 104. c 1Johns. Rep. 158. 3 Johns Rep. 223. 2 Johns. Rep. 22. 4 Johns. Rep. 230. .9 Johns, Rep. 167. 10 Johns. Rep, 435. 12 Johns. Rep. 368. 1 Marsh. Kent. Rep. 62. 2 Bibb, 600.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

randum thereof; shall be in writing, and signed by the party," &e.- Hunter having-entered, clairing under' Johtl'D., and shuwing no agreement -between them, the statute applies to avoid any :laro1 agreement ; Hunter was , upon hisentry, the tenant at will of Dunlap, and the defendant, coming in inder Hunter, is in the same predicament.
7. The treaty of 1794, between the United States and Great'Britaiji, is to be construed liberally, ac-
cordiug to its spirit, and the good faith. which ought to be observed between sovereigns. The words, "-now hold," as used in the 9th article, do not mean an actual possession. These expressions exclude titles acquired after the signature of the treaty, but embrace all titles before the treaty, not confiscated or annulled by legislative acts before the signature of the treaty. The latter clause of this article declares, that "neither they, nor their heirs and assigns, shall be regarded as aliens." As to all the cases provided
for by that article, the inheritance is provided for without regard to the common law requisition of mutual or common allegiance between ancestor and heir ; and the capacity to make title,as heir is placed entirely upon the fact of private relationship between American citizens or British subjects, independent of their political relationship to the one or the other of the two governments. The treaty of 1783 had provided against future confiscations. Taking that and the treaty of 1794 together, as made in pari materia, the

1822.
Bligbt's Les-
see hRte

a Harden v. Fisher, 1 Wltcat. Rep. 300. 4 Wheat. Rep. 463.

Orr v. Hodgson,

CASES. IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822., words "now .hold" ought not to be confined to cases

B

of actual occupation 'byBritisl subjects or American

Blight's Les-

see citizens, nor to the exclusion of such as would.be

1.pbester. heirs but for alienage, but would apply to all those

claims which were not actually seized upon, or con-

fiscated by the respective governments of the Upited

States or Great Britain; and which would, but

for the treaty, be liable to be affected by the

common Jaw doctrines in relation to inheritance.

If such be the true construction, John D. might, in-

herit the property of James D. under the treaty of

1794, if James were an alien; becabse no act of the

g6vernment has confiscated, escheated, or re-granted

the premises.

As to the instructions asked on, the part of the

defendant, they are substantially involved in those

which have already been discussed.

Mr. B. Hardin, contra, argued, (1.) That the- defondant, Rochester, was npt estopped from disputing the title of the plaintiffs. If the doctrine as applicable between lessor and lessee be insisted on, the answer is, that the defendant, if a tenant, is a tenant at will, with a parol permission to enter. This cannot estop, for no man is estopped by parol from alleging the truth. There must then be a deed to estop. An estoppel consists only :of an..instrument superior in dignity to the evidenceoffered. Suppose the fact to be, that John D. sold to Hunter, and that Huntor conveyed to Robfhester, and it turns out that D. had notitle,'can:he recover ? If a lease be made by deed pvji,,and the lessor have nothing in the premises, the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
lessee is not estopped.a It. is on principles of legal policy or moral honesty) and not of estoppel, that a lessee is not permitted to deny the estate of his lessor.. The Court has some discretion in limiting the rule, because, being adopted to promote the purposes of justice, it is not inflexible. It applies only to a person who enters as tenant, -and never to one who enters and claims in his own right. It cannot apply as between vendor and vendee, and certainly not where the latter never received possession from the former.
2. As to the treaties of 1783, and 1794, it is the settled doctrine of this Court, that they were meant to provide only-for titles legally existing at the time the treaties were signed, and -not to titles subsequently acquired. It is true that it is not necessary that the parties should have an actual possession of seisin ; but it is necessary that the title should be legally vested in them at the time the treaty was made.'

858
1822.
se.e
Rochesten

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL' delivered the opinion of the Court.
The exceptions taken to the opinion of the Circuit Court in-this case,. may be divided into two parts :
1st. Those which respect the actual title of the plaintiffs.
2d. Those which respect the ability of the defend. ant to contest that title.
1st. The title of the plaintiffs.

.fa).dLoA.

a Co. Litt. 47. b. Roll. Abr. 871. b Harden v. Fisher, I Wheat. Rep. 310.

64-

CAS S IN THE.SUPREME COURT

1822.

They are the heirs of John Dunilap, who was a

e'iiii citizen of Peiinsylvania, and claimed as the heir of

Blight's Lee-

s.e.e James Duulap, "who died seised of the premises in

Rochester. the declaration, mentioned, in ,the autumn of 1794.

Construction The defendants allege and prove that James Dunlap tarnadtiJe7s9o4,fans to of tic Britishh was an alien, and subject to the King of Great Britis tola. -ta,'who camie into the United States subsequent to

the treaty 'of peace, and who died before the signa-
ture of -the treaty of 1794, and whose title,-therefore, is not prdiected by either of those treaties.
The Court having left the fact to the jury, their

verdict has fond that James Dunlap died previou's to

the signature of the treaty of 1794, and the question is, whether the Court erred. in determining that this

case was not either within the treaty of peabe, or the

treaty of 179-. It has beep decided that British suljects, though

born before the revolution, are equally incapable with

those, born subsequent to that event, of inheriting or transmitting the inheritance of lands in this country.

Censequently, the sole inquiry in this' case respects the effect of the treaties between the United

States and Great Britain.

The treaty of peace has always been considered

as providing only for titles existing at the time ; and as the title of James Dunlap was afterwards acquired. it can derive no aid from that treaty.

'James Dunlap, therefore, if he continued to be an

alien, continued liable to all the disabilities of alien-

age, one of which is an incapacity to transmit lands.to heirs. Consequently, when he died, the next of kin

could take nothing by descent. The treaty of 1794,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M

like that of 1733, provides only for existing rights.

It does not give title. Had James conveyed, or devised the property to John, the title Would have vest-

ed in him,-subject to the right of the government to

seize the ]and ; and the treaty would have confirmed

that title, so if the lav would have'vested the estate

in him by'descent; I ui as the fact is. he had no ti-

tle, nothing on which the treaty could operate. It

has been said that this Court has never supposed ac-

tpal possession to be necessary to entitle a party to

the benefit of the treaty. This is true. But the ex-

istence of title, at the time, has always been suppo-

sed necessary.

- The plainiiTi also insisted that under the cir-

euistaznces' of this case, the jury might presume

James Dunlap was a citizen.

The circumstances are the length oftime which has

ointervened since his arrival in this country, and since

his first acquisition of real estate, during which there

have been no proceedings instituted under the laws

of escheat and forfeiture.

The weight which might be allowed to this argu-

ment, had the property continued in the peaceable

occupation of the heirs of James Dunlap, and had

this presumption been required to sustain the title

clothed with that possession, is, we think, diminishecf

by the circumstance that the land was, soon after his

death, .claimed and occupied by a citizen of Ken-

tucky.as a- purchaser. In such a state of things it is

not surprising that no inquiries should be made into

his citizenship, and that no person should feel dispo-

sed to intermeddle with the affair.

VOL. VII.

69

1822.
Blight's LessVe.e
Rochester.

546

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.

The alienage of James Dunlap being fully proved,

Blight's LesS-and the laws of Virginia requiring, as indispensable sVet.e io his citizenship, that he should take the oath of fir

Rochester. delity to the common wealth, in a Court of record, of

which the Clerk is directed to grant a certificate, we

do not think that this fact, which, had it taken place,

must appear on record, ought to be presumed, unless

there were some other fact, such as holding an office

of which citizens alone were capable, or which re.

quired an oath of fidelity, from which it might- be

inferred.

In favour of long possession, in favour of strong

apparent equity, much may be presumed; but in a

case where the presumption would defeat posses-

sion, where the equity is doubtful, where the par-

ties rely upon strict law, Courts will be cautious how

they lean in favour of presuming that which does

not appear, and which might be shown by a re-

cord.

The Circuit Court has declined giving the instruc-

tion which was required; but, on this point, has given

no counter instruction, and has assigned no rea-

son for refusing that which was required. It may

have been, that the presumption in favour of.a deed from John Dunlap so entirely balances the presump-

tion in favour of the citizenship of James, as to pre-

vent the allowance of either.

If James Dunlap could not be considered as a ci-

tizen at the time of his death, the plaintifls have no

title ; and the only remaining question arising on the

bill of exueptions, is. was the. defendant restrained

OFTHE tNITED STATES.

on tl~e p-jaciple of estoppel. or any other principie, from yiesisting theirclaim..
It.is-=oiwtended- that- he is so restrained, because JbhnDuglapsold to Hunter, and Hunter. has conveyed. to the present defendant.
Jris very certain, that these sales do not create a legat estoppgl. T-he defendant has executed no deed to prevent himfrom averring and proving the truth of thecase.-If he is: hound in law to admit a title which. has no existence, in reality, it is not.on the doctrine of estoppel that he is bound. It is because, by receiing a conveyance of a title which -is deduced from Dunlap, the moral policy of the law will not permit him .to contest that title.
XThi, principle originates in,the relation between lessor and lessee; and so- far as respects them is well'established, and ought to be maintained. The iftle-of thelessee is, in fact, the title of the lessor. He comes in. by virtue of it, holds- by virtue of it, and rests up6n it to maintain and justify his possession. He professes to have no independent right in himself, and it is a part of the very essen.pe of the contract under which lie claims that the paramount ownership of the lessor shall be acknowledged during the continuance of the lease, and that possession shall be surrendered at its expiration. He cannot be allowed to controvert the title of the lessor, without disparaging his own, and he cannot set up the title of another, without violating -that contract by which he obtained and holds possession; and breaking that faith which he has pledged, and the ohligation of which is still continuing, and in full operation.

ion.
Blight's Le .
see
Rochester. Ux.;ns of =1h,,,
pni 1 toM
.

548

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.

In considering this subject, we ought to recollect,

BBliligghhtt''s Les"- too, the policy ofihe timesin which this doctine or1see ginated. It may be traced back to the feudal to-
V.
I1o0hestcr. nures,.when the connexion between landlord and

tenant, was much more intimate than it is at present :

When the latter was bound to the former by ties not

much less strict, nor not much less sacred, than those

of allegiance itself.

The propriety of applying the doctrines between

lessor and lbssee to a vendor and vendee, may. well

be doubted.

The vendee acquires the property for himself, and

his -faith is not pledged to maintain the title of tile

vendor. The rights of the vendor are intended to

be extinguished by the sale, and he has no continu-

ing-interest in the maintenance of his title, unless lie

should be called upon in consequence of some cove-

nant or warranty in his deed.. The property having

become, by the sale, the property ofthe vendee, lie has

a right tor fortify thait title by the purchase of any

other which may protect him in the quiet enjoyment

of the premises. No. principle of morality restrains

him from doing this ; nor is either the letter or spirit

of the contract violated by it. The only controver-

sy -which ought to arise between him and the ven-

dor, respects the payment of the purchase money.

Hw far he may be bound to this by law, or by

the'obligations of good faith, is a question depending

on all the circumstances of the case, and, in deciding

it, all those circumstances are examinable.

If the vendor has actually made a conveyance, his

title i extinguished in law as well as equity, and it

OF THE UNITED STATES.

549

will not be-pretended that he can' maintain an,eject- 1822. ment. If he has sold, but has not conveyed, the con- Blighs LIAtract of sale binds him to convey, unless it be condi- ace tional. If after such a-contractihe brings an eject- lioccter. ment for the land, he violates -his own contract, unless the condition. be broken.by the vendee; and- if it- thee, -yendor ought -to.show it.
In this case a sale by John Dunlap to Hunter is stated, and -a conveyance from Hunter to Rochester, the defendant, -is .also stated, -but that conveyance does not appear in the record. Whether it contains any., reference to the title of.Dunlap, or not, is not shown.. The defendant then holds -in his owu right boy -a eed of conveyance which purp6rts to pass thelegal -tide. The plaintiffs show no tide in themselves, hut-allege asd.- prove that.the title under which the defendant-claims is derived-from their ancestor. They -therefore insist that the defendant is bound in good-faith to admit this title,-and surrender the premises 4o them.
But the sole principle onwhich this claim is founded is, that the defendant, must trace his- title up to their ancestor,.and is bound therefore to admit it. But if the-deed of the defendant does not refer to. their ancestor, and the record does not convey this information, the defendant holds in opposition to the title of John Dunlap, or claims to have acquired that tide. if-lheholds under an adversary title. his right to-conestthat-of-Ddniap is admitted. - If he claims under a sale.-frbm Dunlap,- and Dunlap himself is compelled to -aver that he does, then the plaintiffs themselves assert a title against this contract. Un-

650

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.- less they show that it was conditional, and that the,
blight',s Les- condition is broken, they cannot, in the very act of e,. disregarding it themselves, insist that it binds the de-
5ochester. fendant in good faith to acknowledge a title which
has no real existence.
Upon reason, then, we should think that the de fendant in this case, under all its circumstances, is at liberty to controvert the title of the plaintiffs.
But it is contended that this question is settled in Kentucky by authority. There are also several cases quoted from the decisions in New-York, which we have not had an opportnity of examining fully. Those we have considered are, we think, distinguishable from this in some of their circumstances, especially in this ma, arial one, that the vendor gave possession to the vendee. Bot the decisions of one State, though highly to be respected, are not authority in another, especially with respect to land titles. In Phillips v. Rothwell, in 4 Bibb, 33. the defendant claimed under a conveyance from the tenant of the plaintiff. That case, therefore, was decided on the doctrine applicable to lessor or lessee.
The case in 2 Marshall, 242. was the case of a purchaser who had not received a conveyance, and whQ was not allowed toset up an outstanding title in a third person. The report gives us ofily the opinion of the Court, not accompanied by a statement of the case, or the points made at the bar. We therefore cannot tell whether, in asserting his title, the vendor acted in opposition to his contract. We cannot say that the condiiion on which the sale might depend had not been broken. There is, too, a difference between set-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ting up an adverse title in a third person, to controvert an actual existing title, and resisting a claim made by a person having no title whatever. In the
case last mentioned it would appear that the plaintiff had a title which was in itself sufficient to maintain his. action ; but there was another, and perhaps a superior title, in a third -person, with which the defendant was not connected. The rejection of all evidence of this title does not, we think, prove that the same Court would have compelled the defendant to acknowledge a title of which no evidence was .given, or-have rejected proof of any title in himself; especially when the vendee received nothing-not even possession from the vendor.

1C22.
"T7' Irresistible.

Judgment affirmed with costs.

(INsR.A-cE CoUT.)
..The IRRESISTIBLE. Daniels, Caimant,
An offence against a temporary statute cannot be punished after the expiration of the act, unless a particu]ar provision be made by law for that purpose.
The prov 'o in the repealingclause of the Neutrality Act of the 20th of April, 1818, did not authorize a'forfeiture under the act of the 3d of March, 1817, (which was included in the repeal,) after the time when that actwould have expired by its own limitation.
THIs -cause.was submitted without argument. .Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion tarh 2o0a. of the Court.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
effect such mandate, brought up only the proceedings subsequent to the mandate, and did not authorize an inquiry into the merits of the original decree.
A~tion denied.

59
182.
lucard
WillViam. s.

[Co ox LAw. LocAL LAW.]
RICARD V. WILLIAMS and Others.
Possession of Iandby a party, claimingit as his own in fee, isprimafacie evidence of his ownership and seisin of the inheritance.
But possession alone, unexplained by collateral circumstances, which show thequality and extent of the interest claimed, evidences no more than the meje fact of present occupation by right.
Bat if the irtybein under tide, and by mistake of law supposes himself possessed of a less estate than really belongs to him, the law will remit him to his full right and title.
It is a general rule that a disseissor caunot qualify his own wrong, but must be considered as a disscissor in fee.
But this rule is introduced only for the benefit of the disseissee, for the sake of electing his remedy.
And it must also appear that the party found in possession entered with. out right; for if his entry were congeable, or his possession lawful, his entry and possession will be considered as limited by his right.
Presumptions ofa grant, arising from the lapse of time, are applied to corporeal, as well as incorporeal bereditaments.
They may be encountered and rebutted by contrary presumptions, and can never arise where all the circumstances are perfectly consistent with the non-existence of a grant.
JA fortiori, they cannot arise where the claim is ofsuch a nature as is at variancewith the supposition of a grant.
In general, the presumption of a grant is limited to periods analogous to those of the statute of limitations, in cases where the statute does not apply.
Where the statute applies, the presumption is not generally resorted to:

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
S Picard
Williams.

but if the circumstahces of the case are very cogent, and requiro it, a grant may be presumed within a period short of the statute. Under the laws of Massachusetts and Connecticut, the power of an a t-
ministrator to sell the real estate of his intestate, under an order of the Court of Probates, must be exercised within a reasonable time after
the death of the intestate. The case of such a power to sell is not within the purview of the statute
of limitations of Connecticut, which limits all rights of entry and action to 6fteen years after the title accrues; but the reasonallo time, within which the power must be exercised, is to be fixed by analogy to tht statute. One heir, notwithstanding his entry as heir, may afterwards, by disseisin of his co-heirs, acquire an exclusive possession, upon which the statute will run both against his co-heirs and against creditors. An heir may claim an estate by title distinct or paramount to that of his ancestor; and if his possession is exclusive under such claim, against all other persons, until the statute period has run, he is entitled to the protection of the bar.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Connecticut.
Tl.his was a suit instituted by the defendants in error against the plaintiff in error, in the Court below. The original action is commonly known in Connecticut by the name of an action of disseisin, and is a real action, final upon the rights of the parties, and in the nature of a real action at the common law. The cause was tried upon, the general issue, nul tort, nul disseisin, and a verdict being found for the domandants, a bill of exceptions was taken to the opinion of the Court upon matters of law at the trial.
The history of the case, as it stands upon the record, is in substance as follows. The demandants claimed the estate in controversy, by purchase from the administrator of William Dudley, at a sale made by him for the payment of the debts of his intestate,
pursuant to the laws of Connecticut, which authorize

OF THE UNITED STATES.

a sale of the real estate of any person deceased, for the payment of his debts, when the personal assets are insufficient for that purpose. In order to establish the title of William Dudley in the premises, the demandants proved that Thomas Dudley, the father of William, was, in his lifetime, possessed of the premises, as parcel of what were called the Dudley lands, and died possessed of the same in 1769, leaving seven children, of whom William was eldest, being of about the age of fourteen years, and Joseph Gerriel, the youngest, being about four years of age. Upon the death of his father, Joseph Mayhew, the guardian of William, entered into possession of the Dudley lands, and of the demanded premises as parcel, taking the rents and profits in his behalf during his minority ; and upon his arrival of age, William entered and occupied the same, taking the rents and profits to his own use, until his death, which happened in the year 1786 ; all his brothers and sisters being then living. During the life of William, no other person claimed any right to enter or occupy the premises, except that his mother used to receive one-third of the rents and profits, until she died in the year 1783. During his life, and while in possession ot
the premises, William always declared that lie hehl the .same only for life, and therefore would not allow .any improvements on them at his expense; no leases were made Py him except for short periods ; and no attempt was. made by him to sell or convey the premises; and he-declared that he had no right to sell them,. and that-upon his death they would descend to his son Joseph Dudley, under whom the tgnant de-

1822.
Ricard
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ism. rived his title, in the manner hereafter. stated. No licard ~ administration was ever taken in Connecticut upon WillViam. s. the estate of William Dudley, until 1814, and his es-
tate was then declared insolvent; and, in 1817, the lands in controversy were sold by the administrator,
by order of the Court of Probates, for the paymerit of the debtg, found due under the commission of insolvency.
To rebut the title of the demandants, and to establish his own, the tenant proved that William Dudley died intestate, leaving seven children, the eldest of whom was Joseph Dudley. Upon the death of his father, the guardian of Joseph (the latter being within age,) entered into possession ofthe Dudley lands, and the demanded premises as parcel, and used and occupied the same, receiving the rents and profits in behalf of Joseph, until his arrival of age, when Joseph himself entered into possession, claiming them as his own, and taking the rents and profits to his own use, and holding all other persons out of possession, until the year 1811 and 1812, when he sold the demanded premises, and the tenant, either by direct or mesne-conveyances under Joseph, came into possession, and has ever since held the premises in his own right. In the year 1811, Samuel Dudley, the brother of Joseph, claimed title to some of the Dudley lands possessed by Joseph,. and brought an action of ejectment for the recovery of them, but the suit was compromised by Joseph's paying him about 2,000 dollars; and about the same time Joseph settled with another of his brothers, but did not pay- him any thing. But Joseph never admitted that his brothers

OF THE UNITED STATES.

or sister had any interest in the lands; and said he could hold them, and did hold them in the same manner as he held the lands in Massachusetts.
The will of Governor Dudley, which was admitted to probate in Massachuse-tts in 1720, was also in
evidence, but neither party csttblished any privity or derivation of title under it.
Upon these facts, the tenant prayed the Court to instruct the jury, that the demandants had not made
out a title in themselves, nor in William Dudley. Not in themselves, because the sale by the adminis-
trator to the demandant was void, by force of the statute regarding the sale of disputed titles, the tenant being in possession of the property at the time of the sale, claiming it as his own, and that William Dudley had acquired no title to the property in question by possession, as he claimed to hold the same only during his life, and could therefore acquire no title, except for life by any length of possession, and that if he could acquire title by possession, if this estate descended from Thomas Dudley, said William could not, in seventeen years, acquire a title against his brothers and sisters, or at least against those of them who had not been of full age for five years before the death of said William; and if the demandants could recover at all, it could only be for that proportion of the estate which descended from William as one of the heirs of Thomas Dudley.
The tenant further prayed the Court to instruct the jury, that if they found that Joseph Dudley had, for more than fifteen years before he sold the land in controversy, been in possession of the same, exclusively

1822.
Pdcard
v. wMi1m.

ns z.
Rieard
V.
Wiffiams.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
claiming them as his own, and holding out all others, he had gained a complete title to the property.
The tenant further claimed that the Court ought to have instructed the jury, that under the circumstan-
ces attending the possesQn of said lands by William Dudley, the father, and by Joseph Dudleyj and the length of time which had elapsed since the death of said William, without any claim on the part of the creditors of said William, the jury might presume a grant from some owner of the land to William for life, with remainder to his eldest son. But the Court did charge and instruct the jury that the sale by the administrator ufder an order of Court was not within the statute regarding disputed titles, and was not therefore void. That William Dudley, by mistaken constructions of the will of Governor Dudley, might have claimed an estate for life in the premises. and that such mistake would not operate to defeat his title by possession. That the length of time in which this estate had been occupied by William and Joseph Dudley, would bar any claims by the other children of Thomas Dudley deceased, and that the jury were authorized to presume a grant by said children to their brother William Dudley deceased, wud, therefore, if the demandants recovered, they must recover the whole of the premises.
The Court also charged the jury that? as against the creditors of William Dudley, neitherJoseph Dudley nor the tenant had gained title to the lands in controversy by possession, and that the Jury. wero not authorized to presume a grant to Joseph.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

To which several opinions of the Court, the tenant by his counsel excep"ted.
Mr. DA B. Ogden, f"or the plaintiff in error, argued, 1. That this being a writ of entry, in which the demandants or plaintiffs counted on their own seisin, and .could count-in no other way; and as they were unconnected with any other seisin than their own, it Was necessary for them to have shown upon the trial an actual entry. Without such actual entry there-never could have been any seisin or possession in them; and without such seisin or possession in them there never could have been any disseisin or forcing them out- of possession. In an action of ejectment,-wgh is a mere legal fiction, the execution of the leage, the entry under it, and the ouster are all stated in the declaration, and they must be proved upon the trial. Unless the defendant will afford the means of that proof by his confession, the plaintiffs cannot obtain a verdict. So here the entry and ouster must be proved, or the plaintiffs never can recover; because the entry and ouster are the very foundation of the whole action. Actual seisin is as necessary in a writ of entry as a writ of right.d The actual seisin and ouster are expressly stated in the declaration. They are material and necessary allegations. It is a universal rule, that whatever is a material and necessary allegation in the declaration, is a material and necessary part of the proof upon the trial, unless that necessity be dispensed with by

1822.
Ricardl
V.
wFiw.a. Feb. 131h.

a Green v. Liter, 8 Cranch, 229. 244.

VOL. VII.

9

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. RRiieaarrd
,i.
Williams.

the pleadings. Now, in this case, there is no preience that any actual entry was ever made in the premises in question ,by the plaimtiff. None was proved upon the trial ; the demandants were, there-
upon, not entitled to a verdict. By the local law of Massachusetts and Connecti-
cut an administrator has no seisin of the lands of his intestate. They descend to his heir at law, subject to a naked power in the administrator, incaso of an insufficiency of the personal property to pay the debts of his intestate, to sell the lands for the payment of those debts. The administrator or executor may lawfully sell them, whether they be in the possession of a devisee, or an heir, or their heirs or assigns, or of a disseisor of a devisee or heir: for, say the cases,
the naked authority of an administrator to sell on license cannot be defeated by the seisin of a devisee, or heir, or by their alienation or disseisin-a By the law of Connecticut, which, in this respect, is precisely similar to that-of Massachusetts, the adminis-
tgator may sell the lands of his intestate for the payment. of debts, and -his conveyance vests in the grantee, not the possession or seisin of the land, because that was never in the administrator; but a right to the property, and a right of entry into it ; a right to the possession of'it, but not the possession itself. Upon this right of possession, the gr'antdo might at once-bring an ejectment, in which he need prove no actual entry and ouster, but they musi be

a Drinkwater v. Drinkwater, 4 Mass. Rep. 354. Willard v. Nelson, 5 Mass. Rep. 240. ' Hays v. Jackson, 6 Mass. Rep. 143. 

OF THE UNITED STATES.
confessed by-the defendant, or he might make an J822. actual entry, and found upon it this remedy of a writ Ricar ofentry. Hehas'not thought proper to bring an eject- V. ment, but has brought a~writ of entry ; and he must, therefore, prove an actual entry and ouster.
2. Independent-of this objection, the demandants are not entitled, upon-the evidence set forth'in the bill of exceptions, to the judgment-which they have obtained. 'They claimed under a. deed' from the administrator of William Dudley, deceased. It became, therefore, necessary for them,in order to entitle themselves to recover, to prove, that William Dudley, in his lifetime, and at-the time of his, death, was seized of af estate in the premises, which descended to his heirs; because, unless William Dudley was seized of such an estate in the premises, it is manifest that his -administrzitor could grant no title to the prbperty.
-V- id the:demandants prove such a seisin in William Dudley ? They proved thatThomas Dudley the father of William,'was in possession of the premises at the time 0f his death, in: 1766; that upon the death of "Thomas, the guardianof'William, then an infant of 14yearsof age; inr'ght 6f his ward, entered into pos-. session of the premises, receiving the rents -and profits thereof, and continued" in. possession until William came of age, in -776; that William then took possession and. continued in. the -exclusive possession .thereof,until he died; in 1786. This was all the evidence -cf title -in William offered by the. plaintiff upon the trial : was this evidence of title suf-
a Drinkwater v. Prinkwater, 4 Mass. Rep. 354

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Ricaard
v.
Wiiams.

ficient? Thomas, the father, died in possession, in 1769. What estAte he had in the premises does not appear ; but the subsequent acts of William afford strong evidence, that his father had not an estate in fee in the premises, but that his estate, whatever it was, terminated with his life. If Thomas, the father of William, had had an estate in fee in the premises, it would, upon his death, have either descended to his heirs at law, or vested in his devisees if he had devised it by will. It is not pretended that he made any devise of it, and of course it would have descended to his heirs at law. The record states, that he left seven children, all of whom, by the law of Connecticut and Massachusetts, were at that time his heirs at law. The exclusive possession of the premises by William, taken after the death of his father, is therefore conclusive evidence, that William did not consider his father as having been possessed of the fee of this land; and the rest of the children of Thomas never having claimed any right to enter and occupy the premises, or any part thereof, after they came of age, dffords strong evidence, that they also knew and believed, that Thomas, their father, had no estate in the promises, which could descend to his heirs at law. At the time Thomas died, William, his son, was 14 years of age, and his guardian, immediately upon his death,
takes possession of the land, as the property exclusively of his ward William :-Thus affording his testimony, also, by his acts, that he knew that Thomas had no estate in the premises whicfi could descend to his heirs at law. What was the estate which Thomas had in the premises does not appear, but it is

OF THE UNITED STATES.

manifest, from the acts of all the parties at the time, that it is not an estate in fee simple. William, then, did not enter as heir at law of Thomas, his father. He can therefore claim nothing from the possession of his father, as showing any title to the fee of this property : because, if his father was seised of the fee by right, it would have descended to his heirs at law, and if seised of it by wrong as disseisor, the descent would still have been cast upon his heirs at law.
Under what claim of title, then, did William enter? As he did not enter as heir at law, his entry must have been either adverse to his father's title, and of course to his heirs at law, in which case his possession has no connection with his father's ; or, he must have entered considering his father as a mere tenant forlife or for years with remainderto him and his heirs, or that the father was tenant in tail, and the estate limited-to William, his eldest son, and so on to the eldest male heir. If the father was tenant for life, or for years, with remainder to William, then 'William's right of possession commenced, when his father's ended, in 1769: and under that right William possessed the premises from 1769, down to his death, in 1786; which'would, under the laws of Connecticut, taking away the right of entry after 15 years, give him, or those claiming under him, a right to recover the premises in question, if out of possession, or to hold them against all the world, if in possession, provided he -claimed to hold the possession as the owner in fee. And why ? Because William, in that case, would have

1822.
I Ricard
V. Wiiam.

CASES IN -THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
,RiRe-aar-d-, V-.
Wiflianis

been in possession 17years, and not because his father
had been in possession before him. But that William did not enter,.claiming that his
father had been tenant for life, or for years, with rb-

mainder to him in fee, is manifest: First. Because William, when in possession, de-
clared that he held the premises only for life: and that upon his death, they belonged to'his eldest son; and
Secondly. Because, after his entry be suffered ,his mother, the widow of the father, to receive one tlird of the rents and ptofits of these lands as her dowi.*
She could be entitled to no dower, if her itusbAnt
had been either a tenant, for life. or foi years of4he premises.
As, then, Thomas, the rather bf William, was not the owner in fee of this property, nor the tenant of it for life or for years, under what right did he
claim it ? The answer to this question is, that it is most pro-
bable he claimed it as tenant in tail, limited to the eldest son.
First. Because, if Thomas was tenafit in tail of these lands, his wife would have been entitled to her dower in them, which ithas already been stated she took ; and.
Secondly., Because William frequently declared, that they were his for life only, and that after his death they belonged to his eldest son.
Now, if Thomas claimed these lands as tenant in tail, and if William also claimed them as tenant in

OF THE. UNITED STATES.

tail, and was really entitled to them as such, then upon his death, the estate in tail would vest in his eldest son, Joseph ; and the credit6rs of William could have no lien upon the property for his debts, nor the administrator no right to convey the property forthe
payment ofany such debts; and, of course, the demandants, the grantees of the administrator, have no right to recover in this case.
But it may be said-that William bad an estate in fee simple in these lands under the will of Governor Dudley, set forth in the record, which gave to his devisees an estate in fee simple, and not infee tail. But it is a point of no importance -whether that will gave the devisees a fee simple or a fee tail.
How, if at all, William Dudley, or his father, were connected-with the testator, no where appears on the record. There appears no connection of blood, and no privity of estate between them. His will therefore must be put entirely out of the question.
Again; it may be said, that by the laws of Connecticut, there can be no grant of an estate in tail to continue longer than the life of the first donee; and that all such estates given in tail, remain an absolute estate in fee simple to the issue of the first donee in
tail. What operation has this law upon the rights of
these parties? The argument is, that Thomas, the father of William, was not a tenant in.tail, but in fee, of the premises in question, because, he being the issue of the first donee, became, by the local law, vested with an absolute estate in fee simple. Let it for a moment be admitted : what then ? William, his

1822.
"Mc'
,.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
'thReicard
V. wiis.

eldest son, upon his death, entered into possession of lands. I have already shown that he did not en-
ter into possession as devisee of Thomas, his father, because the latter died intestate; nor as heir at law
of his father, foi he was not so; but he entered, claiming that the estate, subject to his mother's right of dower, -was his for life; and upon his death, would descend to his eldest son. This is the claim under which William's entry was made, and under which the property has been possessed from 1769 down to the present hour; a possession of 63 years; a possession, in favour of which any presumption would be justiial l'e; a possession, in favour of which, to use the strong language of Lord Kenyon, the Court ought topresume notonly one, butonehundredgrants.
If, then, Thomas, the father of William, was
seised in fee of the premises in question, as he made nodevise of them to William, and as William did not enter as heir at law, we are certainly to presume that he entered with right, and that his claim to enter was a good one. We are then to presume a grant, consistent with his entry and possession, and with the acts of all parties at the time. We have a right to presume, that his father, being the tenant in fee, made
a grant of the premises to his son William, in tail, limiting the estate to his, William's eldest son. Such a grant is ,not inconsistent with the laws of Connecticut ; and is perfectly consistent with his clnim, as always declared by him, that he was only entitled to
the estate during his life, and that after his death it would go to his eldest son. It is also consistent with his mother's claim of dower, to which she would

OF THE UNITED STATES.

have been entitled, the grant of his father n6twith-

standing: and consistent with the possession taken

at William's death, by his son Joseph,. under whom

we claim. This presumption would support and con-

-firmatitle, under a 'possession of fifty-three years.

Any other would shake and unsettle titles which

have,- for half a century, been considered as good

and valid.

If this grant be presumed from Thomas to Wil-

liam, then, according to the law of Connecticut re-

ferred to, Joseph, being the issue of William, the first

donee, was the tenant-in fee of the premises; and

the plaintiff in error,. be ng his grantee, is also the

tenant in fee of them. It was stated by the learned judge, in his charge

to the jury, that as William had been so long in pos-

session, the jury might presume a grint to him from

his co-heir, in order to support that possession. But

the nature of William's possession, the claim under

.which he must be presumed to have taken that possession, must be judged of according to the state of

things at the time when he took the possession. He

must be presumed to have continued in possession by

the same right, under which he originally claimed to

enter into it, until it be shown that he acquired ano-

ther right. Now, when William entered, upon the

death-of his father, in 1769, I have already shown,

that he entered under some claim of right, distinct and

different from that of heir at law. He cannot be presumed to have entered as grantee, of his co-heirs at law because. such, grant could not be made; he

was not only an infant himself, but his brothers and

VOL..VR-.

10

1822.
Ricard
v, w ,

CASE8 IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. sisters were all infants still younger than he was.

.

As then when he entered, claiming the whole of this

Ricard

V,. property as his own, William could have had no

iS. grant from his co-heirs ; and as his possession must

be presumed to have continued under the same claim of title under which he originally entered, it seems to be a presumption against all law, that he evbr had a grant from his co-heirs.
It is a well established rule that the declarations of aperson in possession of land asto his title are evidence against him and all persons claiming underhim. In this case, we have the declarations of William Dudley, under whom the demandants claim, made while in possession of the land, that he held it for life only, and that after his death it would descend to his eldest son. If, then, declarations are evidence against all claiming under William, they, of course, are evidence against the demandants, and show that William never had any thing but an estate for life in the premises in question, which expired with him; and there was no interest left which the administrator could sell after his death. In this view of the case, it is immaterial how long William's possession continued. It was a possession under a claim of an estate for life, and the possession was commensurate with the claim. As I have already shown that the plaintiff's title rests wholly on William's possession, and as William never pretended to any possession but for life, there can be now no title in the demandant. Presumptions are often. made to support old claims of title accompanied by a long possession; but it is

OF THE UNITED-STATES.

new doctrine that a possession under a claim of an estate-for life gives a fee.
it appears by the record, that immediately after the death of William Dudley, in 1786, Joseph, his eldest son, entered into possession of the premises by his guardian, and, afterwards, by himself, taking the whole rents and profits, and claiming the lands as his own, and continued in the exclusive possession thereof, holding all others out, until he sold the land in 1811 and 1812, when his granteEs entered as owners, and continued to hold until this action in 1819. If, then, a possession of seventeen years in William gave him a title which is a sufficient ground of recovery for the demandant, why is it that a possession of thirty-three years in Joseph, and those claiming under him, does not give a good title to the defendants? The reason assigned by the demandants why this possession should not avail the defendants is,. that William died in possession, and the possession of Joseph was but the continuance of William's possession, a part of the same title, and that title is subject to be sold for the payment of William's debts. But if the possession taken by Joseph was a possession taken under a claim adverse to the claim of a fee in William, then it would seem to follow as an inevitable consequence, that the possession of Joseph, and those claiming under him, would give them a good title. William died intestate, and left seven chdldren. Joseph, the eldest, then being an infant, all these children, by the law of.Connecticut, were his

1822
luceard
V. wil"'*

76

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. heirs at law. Joseph, however, entered into the ex-

R~icard Sclusive

possession of the whole of the premises,

V "keeping all others out." He did not, then, enter Wiiams. as heir at law, but he entered denying the rights of

the heirs at law: he entered, therefore, under a

claim of title adverse to them, and, of course, ad-

verse to the claim of a fee now set up in William,

his father. There can, in this case, be no presump-

tion of a grant from his co-heirs when he entered,

because they were infants of very tender years when

he entered. But not only can no grant be presumed from

them to Joseph, but the record contains upon its face evidence that no such grant was ever made by

them. The plaintiffs proved, that in 1811, two of the brothers claimed to be entitled to a portion of the property, which, at all events, shows that they had never granted it to Joseph. Iiasmuch, then, as

Joseph entered and continued in possession, claiming

title, which title was adverse to any claim in the heirs at law of William, to any claim of the fee in Wil-

liam; and as this possession continued for thirty

years, uninterrupted and undisturbed, it gave to Jo-

seph,. and to those claiming under him, a full and complete right to retain the possession against all

the world.

We have, in this possession of Joseph, exclusively

taken and held by him,and so long acquiesced in by

others, not only evidence of the opinion of his guar-

dian, founded doubtless upon a knowledge of the

title at the time, and of his own opinion of the title,

but we have, by their acquiescence, and by the ad-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

mission of his co-heirs that they had no right, and. the admission of the creditors, for t.h2 e payment of whose debts these lands have now been sold to the demandants, evidence that T'illiam, their debtor, had no estate of inheritance in the premises which could descend to his heirs, or be liable for his debts. How else are we to account for their conduct in relation to these lands? That William possessed them was notorious. The demandants, upon the trial, proved that they had always been known by the name of the Dudley lands, which consisted of a large tract, situate in Connecticut and Massachusetts. If, then, the creditors of William Dudley had believed that he had been seised in fee of the lands, and that they were, therefore, liable for his debts, how is their conduct to be acepunted for in suffering their lands to go into possession of Joseph, as his own, and continue there tventy-eight years before they took a single step to enforce the lien which they had upon the lands ? When William died these creditors knew their rights, and no doubt knew his title papers might at that time have been produced to show what were the respective estates of William and Joseph in the premises. If, then, the creditors had not been conscious that William did not own the fee of the lands, they never would have remained so long
quiet, seeing another enjoy the lands, and taking the rents and profits.
3. By the statute of Connecticut no person has a right of entry into lands, but within fifteen years next after his right or title shall first descend or accrue, with the usual savings. It is contended., that

822.
Iticara
V.
Williams.

78
CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1o22.
-
Ricard
V.. Wilams.

the right of entry of the demandants is not taken away in this case, because their right did not accrae until theconveyance to themr; by the administrator, in 1817.
But the demandnts claim a fee in these prniises,

under William Dudley. The fee held by Williara was the entire estate it. tw&e premises. If that estate has become extinct ; if the fee which was in him hq been extinguished, either by those who had a right to extin'giish it, or bythe operation of law, operating through an adverse possession, then no person can any longer claim under it. If William had been living, and there had been an adverse possession against him, his right of entry would have been gone. His -heirs, by the adverse possession, have lost their right of entry; and every other person claiming under the same title is in the same situation. If the right of William and his heirs be gone, and taken away, can the act of an administrator resuscitate it ? Land is one thing, an estate in it is another. The lien of tho creditor is upon William's estate in the land, and not upon the land.' The lien is no.inherent part of the soil always adcompanying it. It is here a claim upon William's estate in it, which was a fee. Now, a fee is but one estate. Whether in the hands of William, or his heirs, or his grantees, or the grantees of
his administrator, it is still but the same one estate. So long as that estate in the lands continue, the lien may possibly continue ; but when the estate is gone, the lien is gone.
It may possibly be denied, that the heirs at law of William could maintain an action, for the recovery of these lands, as they were tenants in common with

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Joseph; and it may be said, that the possession of one tenant in common is the possession of all. This, as a general principle, is admitted. But if one tenant in comon enters into actual and exclusive possession of the land, taking the rents and profits to his own use, and openly assert his own exclusive property in the lands, and deny the title of any other, it will be considered as an adverse possession by himyand those claiming under him, and an ouster of the other claimants." In thiscase therecord states that Joseph'did enter into the exclusive and actual possession of the premises taking the rents and profits, denying the title of his brothers and sisters, and keeping all others out of possession for 30 years. The heir' at law therefore of William could not have entered; William if alive, couldnot enter; andby what principleis it, that the grantee of an administrator, who can have no greater right than William,. or his heirs at law, is to be held to have a right, which they Would not have ? * In answer to this obvious question, it is said that William's estate was liable for his debts, and to be sold by his administrator for payment of them ; there is no limitation to the time in which letters of administration may be granted; that the sale of the administrator was in pursuance of the provisions of the law of Connecticut, and therefore his grantee is entitled to the property. But let this argument be examined.
By the common law, where a man bound himself and his heirs, the obligee might sue the heir, and have

1822.
Ricard
v. W''fams.

Cummings v. Weyman, 10 Mass..Rep. 464.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822. Bk=,ard
v.
Williams.

execution of the land descended to the heir; but if tho heir aliened the land before action brought the alineo held the land free from gny lien for the'debt of the ancestor.0 But by thelaw of Connecticut and the construction which.has been repeatedly 'givei to it, the creditor may follow the lands into the hands of the grantee of the heir at law, or devisee. But he cah follow them: only when the right of entry is not tolled. There are, besides, particular circumstances in this case, which show that the demandants cannot claim tobe bonafide purchasers without notice of the facts of the case, but that they had full notice, and were actors in,'the transaction.
Lastly'. The deed is void in itself, under the statute of Connecticutt,, of 1747, against the sale of disputed tides.

Mr. Pinkney$ebmtra, (I.) answered the objection made by the plaintiff in error, that in the present action,:beinga writ of entry, the demandants must show a.',seisin in deed; by which'(he supposed) was meant either an actual -or constrtctive seisin. The writ in.this case sets forth a plea, that the tenant renider to the demandants "1the quiet and peaceable seisin and possession of two certain tracts of land &c. The count is, that "on or about the.2Oth.day of December, 1817, they were well seised and possessed in their own right, as joint tenaus in fee simple ;" and "1that the tenant thereunto entered, and ejected, and.deforced the demandants, and ever since has continued-to deforce and hold the demandants out of
a Co. LVt. 102.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the possession," &c. And it is now contended, that

they are bound to prove their seisin and possession as they have laid it; and not having done so, cannot

recover.

The first answer to this objection is, that the bill

of exceptions does not cover it. The first prayer is,

that the Court should instruct the jury, that the de-

mandants had not made out a title in themselves, nor

idWilliam Dudley. The second prayer is, for an in-

struction, that if the jury found that Joseph Dudley

had been in possession of the lands for fifteen years, &c.

that he had gained a complete title to the property.

The third instruction asked for, is, that under the cir-

cumstances, &c. the jury might presume a grant from

some owner of the land to William, &c. But the

Court charged the jury, Ist. That the sale by the

administrator, under an order of Court was not with-

in the statute regarding disputed titles, and was not

therefore void. 2dly. That William Dudley, by

mistaken constructions of the title of Governor Dud-

ley, might have claimed an estate for life in the pre-

mises, and that such mistake would not operate to

defeat his title by possession. 3dly. That the length

of time, in which the estate had been occupied by

William and Joseph Dudley, would bar any claims

by the other children- of Thomas Dudley, deceased;

and that the jury were authorized to presume a grant,

by them to their brother William; and, therefore, if

the demandants recovered, they must recover the

whole of the premises. And, lastly, that as against

the creditors ofWilliam Dudley, neither Joseph Dud-

ley, nor the plaintiff in error, had gained title by pos-

Ve. VIT.

ii

1822.
Ricard
w .

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182.
Ricard
.
Williams.

session, and that the jury were not authorized,to presume a grant to Joseph. It is obvious, then, that
neither the prayers nor instructions cover this objection, which was not made in the Court below, and therefore no opinion was given upon it. The bill of exceptions does not profess to do more than deal with the title. It did not mean to state more thail was sufficient to raise the questions which were raised in respect to that title.
The second answer to this objection is, that in Connecticut, the writ of entry is constantly used as an action of ejectment. The forms of actions, concerning real property, depend, in all the States, upon local usage, and no positive enactments of the legislature have been thought necessary to authorize a deviation, in this respect, from the rules of the common law. The writ of entry, in the preseht case, is not like an English writ of eatry. If tried by the
rules of English law, it could not stand a moment's examination. It does not regard and set forth thQ different degrees, as is required at common law: nor is it a writ of entry in the post, under the statute of Marlbridge, 62 Hen. III. c. S0., alleging that the defendant had not entry, until after the disseisin or deforcement of the original wrong doer, passing by all the intermediate degrees. In Connecticut, on the contrary, the defendant is always alleged to be the deforciant, which, if the fact were not so, would in England be fatal. Neither is the time of the deforcement or disseisin ever stated, either in the writ or count, at common law; and in England, it would never be said that the seisin or disseisin was about,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
such a time. This, at least, may safely be asserted to be peculiar to the practice of Connecticut. So that it becomes manifest, that the peculiar properties ,of writs of entry cannot be applied to this action, as it exists by the local law and practice. It is used ind-icriminately with the action of ejectment, and intended to try the right of possession, which, in that State, is the ight of property.
2. The title of the demandants is under an administrator's sale, by order of Court. By the local law, there is no limitation to the granting letters of administration, by the mere lapse of time, But even if there were, every question respecting it, and respecting the debts for which the lands were sold, has been decided by the competent Court, of peculiar and exclusivejurisdiction. This decision has been confirmed, in the last resort, by- the Superior Court of the State, which is the only Court that has an appellate jurisdiction from the decrees of ihe Court of Probates. There can therefore be no objection now to the validity of these letters of administration, and the sale which was made under them, on the ground of tle debts being antiquated. The appointed forum has settled these questions forever. If, then, the lands in question were, at the death of William Dudley, his lands in fee, the demandants have a good title, unless
that title has been intercepted by an adverse possession or title, as is contended on the other side.
3. The next question then is upon William's title. His father died in possession, and William had exclusive possession by himself or guardian, receiving the rents and profits, "from 1769 to 1785, claiming
a Wales v. Willard, 2 Mass. Rep. 120.

1822.
PMcard r.
w'dlams.

1822.
R~ricard
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
for himself only, to the exclusion of all the world. That this possession barred all .strangerswho, at the time, might have a right of entry, there cannot be a doubt: and the only possible question is, whether it bar.,ed his brethren and sisters. His father had an e~tate, or he had not. We may adopt the argument used on the other side for Joseph's protection. If his father had no estate, then none descended to his children ; and William's entry was, of course, for his own benefit, and gained him, with the possession which followed, an estate by possession. It is not directly found that his father had any estate which could descend. It might be a naked possession; and if it was, the entry of William, for his own exclusive benefit, he not being heir at law, was not a continuation of that possession for any person's benefit but his own. He did not come to a regular succession as heir, nor were there any duties cast on him as heir by a iegular descent.. He took in his own right, so as to keep out every body else. It is true, indeed, that his mother is stated to have received a third of the rents and profits, but whether as dower or how, non constat: and any inference from such a fact cannot now be made in the absence of proof. His brethren and sisters did not need to be barred, if no estate descended to them ; and William's posspssion was not their possession unless they had right.
But suppose an -estate descended from Thomas, then William's exclusive possession, for himself, was sufficient to bar his brethren and sisters under the statute of Connecticut, and to gain him a title in fee.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

To this it is objected that he claimed only a life estate, and, therefore, can gain no more. The answer is, he could not, by an adverse possession, gain an estate for life, or any estate less than a fee. A limited estate can be given only by contract of the parties, or act of law. Wrongful possession must give a fee or nothing. And it must be so in the nature of things, since there is nothing to limit it. The effect of possession is to bar actions against the .possessor by those who are entitled to bring the actions. It does not operate like a grant, or any other mode of alienation, which may be circumscribed and limited. His claim of a life estate only did not create a remainder in favour of any other, so as to give to that other, for the first time, a right of action on his death. It did not contribute to exclude actions during his life. The person entitled might as well have sued, within the time of limitations, whether William claimed a life estate or not. The restricted claim changed nothing. It did not prevent his possession from being adversary, or make it less wrongful. It is the proprietor being out of possession, and another being in possession against his title, that produces the bar: and it cannot be material whether the adversary possession excludes the rightful possession upon one pretext or another. Contract only can prevent the effect, and then the possession is not adversary.
*It is inconceivable that a wrongful possession can be restricted in its effects as a bar of limitation to a life estate, when the whole fee is actionable against

1822.
Ricard
Willvia.m.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1822. it. Cases may, indeed, be conceived in which it '- Ricard'would produce a limited effect; as, for example, if
v. the heir should hold against, tenant in dower, or by Williams. the curtesy. But there is nothing-there to bar but
the tenancy in dower or curtesy. If there was, the bar would extend to it. In our case, the whole fee is against the possession by wrong, and his possession is against the whole fee. His declarations, that he claimed only a life estate, did not give him a life estate. They gave him nothing; and if they gave nothing, and sectired nothing, how could they restrain to the prejudice of the legal effect of his possession ? Contract would have operated both ways. But the declarations of the party could not work the effect of contract one way, and there is no reason why it should the other. Whose rights did his declaration save ? It could save none, unless it took them out of the statute by postponing their right of action. Whoever had a right of action was told by the statute : sue! or you will be barred by the adversary possession after fifteen years. And unless the declarations of the possessor suspended the right of action, so as that the proprietor could not sue by reason of it, the statute reaches the case ; since, it bars all rights of action subsisting during the adversary possession, and not exerted within the time limited. A possession by a man claiming an estate tail, but having in fact no title, would bar all the proprietors having a right to sue. No matter what he claims; if he claims adversely to every body during his possession of fifteen years, he excludes
every body claiming title during the time, and every

OF THE UNITED STATES.
body forbears to disturb him : and the statute says, he shall not afterwards be disturbed.
It is not here necessary to inquire, why William claimed only a life estate. That belongs to another branch of the subject. For the present purpose it is immaterial why he did so.
The doctrine of remitter will illustrate this head. Littleton says, (sec. 695.) "If a man be disseised, and the disseisor let the land to the disseisee by deed poll, or without deed, for term of years, by which the disseisee, entereth, this entry is a remitter to the disseisee. For in such case where the entry of a man is congeable, and a lease is made to him, albeit that he claimeth by words in paiis, that he hath estate, by force of such lease, or saith openly chat he climeth nothing in the land but by force of such lease, yet this is a remitter to him, for that such disclaimer in yaiis is nothing to the purpose." So also it is laid down that a disseisor has a fee simple, and cannot have less.a And no claim can possibly alter or qualify it.b
The question then recurs, are the brothers and sisters barred by William's exclusive possession ?
It may be said they are not; because, being coparceners with.him, his possession is theirs. But a co-parcener or tenant in common may be barred by the statute of limitations, if the possession of his com-
a Co. Lift. 297. a. b Co. Litt. s. 296. Co. Litt. 266. b. Mr. Butler, in his ante to the last cited passage, says, "It is to be observed, that a disseisor by his disseisin acquires a tortious fee simple, not ithstandingat the time he inakes the disseisin he claims a le-s estate."

1822.
Ricard
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Ricard
w .

panions be adverse, or, in other words, amount to an Sactual ouster. So long as there is iothing adversa-
ry, the possession of one is the possession of all: but if one parcener usurp the whole, and hold out his
companion, he is a deforciant, against whom a writ of entry will lie as well as a writ of partition. Here the co-parceners of William never had possession at all. His first entry was for himself, and pertectly exclusive. There nevek was any possession but his. The leading case on this subject was determined in Lord Mansfield's timea and his doctrine was aft6rwards confirmed by Lord Kenyon.' An entry, and sole occupation of the whole, keeping the co-tenant out, in sufficient.c So, also, in a subsequent case, although it was strenuously contended at the bar that there ought to be a receipt of the rents, and an actual hindering of the co-tenant from entering,which did.appear in the case, yet the Cdurt held that ' one tenant in common in possession, claiming the whole, and denying possession to the other, is evidence of an ouster."" So, also, Lord Hardwicke says, "In the the case of a fine and non-claim by tenant in comMon, it will bar his companion if he does not call the person to an account for the profits: for this has always been admitted to be evidence ol" an ouster." And, again, it is said that, "although the entry of one co-tenant is the entry of both, yet if one enter

a Fisher and others v. Prosser, Cowp. 219. b Peaceable v. Read, 1 East, 275. c 6 Burr. 26. 3. 1 Atk. 493. 2 Atk. 32. I L. fayn. d Doe v. Bird, 11 East, 61. z 2 A k. 632.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
claiming the whole, this will be an entry adverse to - his companion."1c
As to the minority of William's brothers and sisters, and its effect to prevent the operation of the statute, it may be observed thai they all arrived at age during his life. The statute had been running against them during minority. as to ten years, and when, William died it was running against them for the other five. He had then the fee in progress again.st them, and nearly completed. It descended to his heirs, and if his brethren and sisters did not sue before the small remnant of the time expired, they are barred by the statute. It seems to be admitted, that they -could not sue after that time. Their title was extinguished, beyond all doubt; and it was in progress to be extinguished at William's death.
-4. As to the title of Joseph D. it is sought to be founded on the presumption of a grant, from somebody (not said 'whom) to William for life, with remainder to Joseph in fee or in tail. But presumptions may be rebutted by contrary presumptions. They depend on circumstances; and these must warrant the particular presumption, or atleastnotbe inconsistent with it.b One of .the grounds of presumption is the existence of a state of things which may most reasonably be accounted for by supposing the fact presumed. Here it must be founded on Joseph's possession, and on William's declaration, that he claim-

1822.
RIicarcd
Y.

4a 14 Vin. Abr. 512. Pl. 5. And in the margin. ", The possession of one heir in gavelkind, claiming the whole, is adverse."

b Phillips,Evid. 119. 121., 2Saund. 175. 1 Taunt. 288.

- 3 East, 290. 16 East. 583. -2 Barnw. 4"Ald. 791.

Vnr-. VII.

12

CASES IN THE SUPREIE COURT

1822.
Ricar d
V.
Williams.

ed only a life estate, and that it would descend to Joseph. The state of the case, as it appears on the bill of exceptions, is defective; but it is easy to see, that all the parties must have claimed under the will
of Governor Dudley, and upon the supposition of a continuing estate tail created by that will. This explains William's declarations.
It may indeed be said, that records, and acts of parliament, and grants of the crown, have all been presumed. But this has been after the lapse of ages, with imperfect records, and the presumption supported by parol evidence.a But it will be found in allthese cases, that circumstances have been alivays shown to support the presumption, and that after a great length of time, all things which the case shows ought to have been done, will be presumed to have been done correctly. But in this country, where all the land titles are recorded, the presumption of a grant cannot be so easily indulged, and especially, where the lands lie in two different States, and the property depends on the same title. If the record were lost in one, it would be found in the other. Such a presumption would repeal all the registry acts of both States, and would promote the interests only of the negligent, or the fraudulent.' It must be presumed, first, that the deed was made; and, secondly, that it had been lost. If the grant be supposed from Thomas, who had some estate of inheritance, it must have

a I Inst. 115. a. 12Rep. 5. 1 Ventr. 257. Cro. Jac. 254. Cowp. 102. 2 Strange, 1129. 2 ttk. 19. 27.R. 154. 1 Ves. jun. 265.
b See Jackson v. Cary, 16 Johns. Rep. 302.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
been made hefore Joseph was born, and when Wil- 1822. liam wa5 under fourteen years of age : not for a valuable consideration certainly; and if a family dona- V. tion or settlement, some traces of it would appear. Who preserved it for the infant William, or the unborn Joseph ? How could it have been' preserved except on record ? If the presumption goes on the ground of acquiescence, that acquiescence is of recent commencement. Joseph's supposed remainder first took effect in 1786. The deed must have been in existence at that time to justify the acquiescence. How happens it that no vestige of it now remains ? A presumption, which is to make a title, cannot stand under such circumstances. If it were merely to supply some defect arising from circumstances, congenial with the presumption, it would be different. William's claim of a life estate, connected with his declaration, that it would descenrd to his son Joseph, does not indicate a remainder in the latter; and can only be satisfactorily explained by going up to Governor Dudley's will, which reconciles the conduct and language of all parties.
The creditors cannot be charged with acquiescence. They were strangers to the title. The family believed it to be an estate tail, and none of them administered. The statute of limitations is not a bar, for it allows an entry fifteen years after the title accrued. Possession is adverse only to those who have a right o entry. The creditors had no right of entry, and the demandants had none till the sale to them by the administrators. The -estate of the creditors was merely potential. Immediately on the sale, the

1822.
"R"ic"ard
V.
WinifaDs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
purchaser was in as by the intestate. It is well settled by the local decisions that "no seisin of tie heir, of his alienee, or his disseisor, can defeat th"e naked power ofthe administrator to sell onlicense. ,
And at common law, where "A. devises lands to be sold by his executors ; A. dies seised; the heirs of A. of a disseisor enters, and the heir or disseisor makes a feoffment to B., and B. dies seised, and his heir is in by descent. Yet the executors may enter and sell : for a descent takes away rights of entry; but not titles or powers, as entry for condition broken, for mortmain, &c. Neither does it take away in case of devisee or patentee of land, where an abator enters, for they have no other remedy. And executors have only a power; and when they sell, the vendee is in by the will paramount to the descent cast. 1
The entry of Joseph was consistent with the title of the creditors ; and that shall not be taken to be unlawful, which by possibility may be considered as lawful. He had a right to enter, and his possession could not be adverse to the creditors. They might elect to consider him as a trustee for them.d He was heir; he took possession as heir, and his claim is reconcilable with that of the creditors. He took it charged with the lien. It was a statuteable lien which he could not defeat by his wrong. He was a trustee, and could not bar the trust. The statute of

a 4 .Mass.Rep. 359. b Jenk. Cent. 184. Ca. 75. Bro. .4br. Devise. P1, 36. Litt. 1. 381. 392. 169. Sir W. Jones, 352. c 10 East, 588. Adams, Eject. 60. d I Burr. 60. 12.

-OF THE UNITED STATES.
limitations only runs from the commencement of a clearly adverse possession.a If the statute acted against those having no present right, the argument we are considering would be conclusive. But, though the tenant for life be barred, the remainder man cannot, because he has no right of action.
But it is said that Joseph's possession barred his co-parceners, represented by William; and as William's estate is barred, the lien which attached to it is gone of course. The answer is, that the bar may exist for one purpose, and against some parties, and not for every purpose, and against all parties. Joseph still retains his character of heir, and by barring the.other heirs, the claim of the creditors is not barred. Being heir, he has kept out his companions by deforcing them; but being heir, he cannot destroy the statuteable lien by -his own wrong, for his own benefit., He has ceased to be liable to his co-heirs, but not to the creditors. He has acquired the whole fee as against his co-parceners, because they had a right of action. He has not defeated the estate of the creditors, because they had no such right. In Stanford's case' it was held, that if the lessee of a future term dies, and the prior term expires, then the lessor enters, and levies a fine, and five years pass, and then B. takes administration to the lessee; he shall have five years afterwards : for 7no one had title till administration.

i8m.
iticard
V. w'am:

a 3 Wheat. Rep. 224. b Cited in Cro. Tac. 61. See also L.eon. 119.

CASES IN THE 6 "PREME COURT

1822.

Allusion has been made to the doctrine, of the

-cRoicmarmd on

law, by which .the heir is liable for the spe-

v. cialty debts of his ancestor, so long as the lands reWilliams. main in his hands, but no longer. It should he re-

membered, however, that the statute has remedied that evil; that the lands are now subject to the payment of the bond debts of the ancestors, into whose ever hands they may come. The maxim of legislative policy is, caveat emptor. So, too, in equity, the rule is, the'vendee under a power shall see to the application of the money. And under the local law of Massachusetts and Connecticut, the cases before cifed show that the alienation of the land will not discharge the lien. It is true, that the lapse of 20 years will, under certain circumstances, discharge that lien of a judgment. But how does it discharge it ? By presuming payment and satisfaction of the judgment - but that is not the case here. The debts cannot be presumed to be satisfied, since the report of the commissioners to the Court of Probates shows them to be still in existence.
Lastly. The objection as to the sale of the demandants being void as against the statute to prevent the selling of disputed titles, has been sufficiently answered by what has been said respecting the authority of administrators and executors, to sell lands in the possession of 1eirs, their alienees or disseisors, or the alienees of the latter. This is a sale by authority of law; nor is it within the words of the statute, which speaks only of "sales by a person disseised or ousted of the possession of lands by the entry, possession, and enjoyment of any other per-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

son." Here was no disseisin or ouster of the creditors of the administrator.
Mr. Webster, for the plaintiff in error, in reply, stated, that there were two questions for consideration. 1. Whether William D. was shown to have been seised of such estate in the lands, that they became chargeable with his debts at his decease; 2. Supposing him to have died seised of an estate thus chargeable, are the demandants entitled to recover against the adversary claim of Joseph D. and his grantees ?
1. It is not proved that William D. had a fee in the lands. He entered into possession on the death of his father, Thomas, in 1769. But non constat what estate the latter held. The will of governor Dudley may be wholly laid out of the case, inasmuch as neither party attempted at the trial to deduce title under that will. William, being a minor, and having brothers and sisters younger than himself, then living, entered into possession of the lands by his guardian: and there being no devise in fee to him from his-father in proof, the legal presumption is, that he entered, either as having an estate of his own, in the lands, commencing oh his father's death, or as one of the co-heirs of his father. But it is apparent: that he did not enter as a co-heir, because he entered, claiming an exclusive right, took an exclusive possession, and held his brothers and sisters out. Ieclaimed, however, an estate for life only, and the same proof, which shows the possession, shows also under what title that possession was held. This is not inconsistent with

182.
Bicard
V.
Wilas

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I p22.
l~icard
V. wilms.

the general doctrine,that a disseisor cannot qualify his own wrong. For it is first to be proved, thathe was a disseisor. The presumption ought to be, that he entered rightfully, having such title as lie pretended to have. It is clear, that the declarations of a person-in possession of land as to his title, are admissible against him. If he were tenant for life, then he had a peculiar limited estate acquired by purchase, and perfectly consistent with Joseph's title in the fee. That he held such a limited estate is shown by his own conduct and declarations, and by the conduct of his brothers and sisters, who never disturbed his possession. On the death of William, in 1786, Joseph, being then a minor, and having also brothers and sisters, entered upon the lands, taking the whole rents and profits, holding his brothers and sisters out. of possession, and claiming the lands exclusively as his own, and finally conveyed them as his property to those under whom the tenant in the present action claimed. He did not therefore enter as a co-heir of his father, for he exdlued his bro-
thers and sisters. Nor did he enter as tenant for life, for he claimed the whole fee, and disposed of it. So that from 1769, to the commencement of the present suit, a period of 60 years, these lands have been pos-
sessed and enjoyed in a manner strictly conformable to the supposition, that William had an estate for life in the premises, with remainder to his son Joseph in fee. Now, as nqither partyproduced any doctimentary evidence of title, but both parties rested on the presumption of grants arising from possession, such

OF THE UNITED STATES.

a grant, and such a grant only, ought to have been

presumed, as should conform to the whole length of

possession. -t ought to have been left to the jury, to

presume a grant to William for life, with remainder

to Joseph in fee, because the possession proved such

a grant, if it proved any whatsoever. Why shoud

the presumption arise from any one part of the pos-

session, rather than from the whole ? And especially,

how can a grantlto William in -fe be presumed from

his possession, when he pretended to have an estate

for life only? His declarations were not contrary to

his possession, but conformable to it: and both his

possession and his declarations, and all his conduct,

are strictly conformable to the supposition of a re-

mainder infee in Joseph. The jury ought to have

been directed to take all these circumstances into
consideration, and to presume such a grant as -would
support the possession throughout its whole duration.

There is an insurmountable difficulty in any other

'view of the case. The learned judge below, going

upon the supposition, that Thomas D. died possessor

of an estate in fee, and that William entered as co-

heir to that estate, instrudted the jury that they might

presume a grant to him, by his brothers and sisters, of

their portions of the inheritance. But this presump-

tion could not be made, because,. when he entered,

claiming to hold them out, and down to the time of

his death" in 1786, some of them were within the sav-

ing of the statute of limitations : anl it is very clear

that, where the statute would apply, any length of

time, short of the statute period, can never warrant

a presumption ;for that would be to presume against

Vo.. VII.

11

1822.
V.
Wibams.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1822. the statute. If there were in fact any grant from the Flieard Sbrothers and sisters of William, it is more reasonable
V'. to suppose such grant made to Joseph. If we admit, then, that the same length of possession by a
parcener, would bar one of his co parceners as Would bar others, still William, having entered in 1769, would not bar any of his co-heirs, by possession, until 178-4 ; but in the latter year the greater number of his brothers and sisters were still either minors, or within the five years' saving of the statute in favour of minors, and to be allowed after they came of full age. So that there is no ground whatever, on which it is possible to presume a grant to William from his brothers and sisters.
There is then a double difficulty in supporting the instruction, which was given to the jury. 1st Because they were told, that they might presume a grant to William in fee, when the whole possession, taken together, was shown to be incompatible with the existence of such a grant. And, 2dly. Because they were instructed they might presume a grant to William, from his brothers and sisters, in a case in which the statute of limitations would apply, if they had.,not been within its exception asnuinors. Thejury were farther instructed, that William might have claimed an estate for life in the premises by mistake, and that such mistake ought not to defeat his title by possession. I agree, that if it appeared, that he had an estate in fee, his mistake ought not to prejudice him; but that not appearing, there is no evidence of
a Cowp. 114.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

any mistake whatever. All the evidence, which shows that he had any title at all, shows such title to be only to an estate for life, and there is no ground to presume any mistake.
2. The remaining general question is, whether, supposing William D. to have died possessed of an estate in fee, the demanclants are entitled to recover in the present action ?
Here has existed a possession of 83 years in Josephb, and those claiming under him. The judge instructed the jury, that, as against the creditors of William, supposing him to have died possessed of the land in fee, neither Joseph, nor those claiming under him, had gained title by possession. There can be no doubt this ought to be considered an adverse pos-
session. Every possession is adverse where there are circumstances to destroy a presumption, that the defendant is in under the plaintiff's title.o There is no ground to presume that Joseph entered into possession, intending to hold subject to the incumbrance ofWilliam's debts: especially, as there were strong reasons to suppose he entered claiming a title in himself, not derived from his father. It seems clear, that this length of possession would have barred William Dudley himself, if he had lived. If he had conveyed onthe day of his death, it would have barred his grantee. If he had devised the lands, it would have barred the devisee. If he had mortgaged, it would have barred the mortgagee. If he had mortgaged for the payment of this very debt, the creditor

1822.
Rieard
V. WORMS.

a Jackson v. Todd, 2,Cainea' Rep. 183.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I82B. *-v
Ricard
V.
Williams.

and mortgagee would have been long since barred by the adverse possession of Joseph, and those claim-
ing under him. The doctrine contended for on the other side goes to give more permanency to a gene-
ral unknown lien, thin to a well known and specific lien. A m.)rtgage deed is registered, and may be known: but where are debts registered ? How is a stranger to know any thing of thew ? Itt the present case, a creditor, twenty-eight years after the death of his debtorcauses letters ofadministration of his estate to be taken out, proves his debt, or gets it con lessed, and attempts to enforce his general lien as creditor on the debtor's land, after this lapse of time, against bona fide purchasers buying without notice of the claim. To permit this would be opposed to justive and equity, and to the vshole policy of the law. If twenty-eight years will not bar such a claim, what lapse of time will bar it ? or is it to be perpetual ? The general mischiefs of such a doctrine are obvious. It would disturb titles to a very great extent. No man could buy with any security. The defendant in this case has, of course, no means of contesting the existence or amount of the debt. That question is settled between other parties; and although from lapse of time, all debts would be presumed to be paid, yet, if the administrator, who in such cases is generally the agent of the creditor, desires to admit the debt, the tenant of the land cannot dispute it. This xenders it absolutely indispensable, for the security and safety of purchasers, that liens of this nature should be enforced promptly, or in reasonable time after the debtor's decease. No system could answer the corn-

OF THR UNITED STATES.
mon purposes of justice, which should allow a creditor to come on the land for his debt, ar any time, and in whosoever hands he might find it. The courts of Massachusetts have expressed the opinion, that a creditor, by unreasonable neglect and delay, in pursuing -his remedy, should be deemed to waive his lien on the land; and have very clearly intimated that in ascertaining what neglect ought to be considered as unreasonable, they should he governed by the analogy of the statute of limitations.a They have also decided that the estate should not be sold, if the creditor's demand-be barred by the act limiting actions against administrators and executors; and that if the administrator pay the debt himself, and then lie by till it would have been barred, he shall not indemnify himself by charging it on the land.'
In this case there is great reason for following the analogy of the statute of limitations. The words of the Connecticut statute are the same as those of the English, except as to the number of years. "1No person shall make entry into lands, &c., but within fifteen years next after his right or title shall descend or accrue." This is descriptive of the title under which he enters, and does not regard the time of his own accession to that title. In the case of Beach v. Catlin,c it would seem to be intimated by one of the

8on.
lRicard V.

a Gore v. Brazer, 3 Mass. Rep. 542. Wyman v. Brigden, 4 J1ass.Rep. 150.
b Scott v. Hancock, 13 Mass. Rep. 162. Allen v. Strong, 15 .Mass Rep. 58.
c 4 Day's Rep. 284.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
'"-'the
Rlicard
V. Wiliams.

learned judges, that ajudgment breditor, coming into land by extending his judgment on it, is in under
a new title, and that, as to him, the statute runs only from the time of the execution of the writ. That case is understood to have been relied upon as applicable to this, in the Court below. It would be difficult, I think, to support it; for supposing that a judgment can be extended on lands, of which the judgment debtor is not in possession, but which are in possession of another holding adversely to him, it would seem that he could derive no higher right, or better title than his debtor had, and must hold under him. This would not be the accruing of a new title in the judgment creditor, but merely a transfer or devolution of an existing title. It is no more a new title than if he had acquired it by deed of conveyance. Perhaps it would not be going too far, in the case now before the Court, to hold the demandants within the words of the statute, on a liberal construction, as having a right to enter, being creditors, on the death of their debtor, insolvent; for although the
right was not perfect, they could make it perfect whenever they pleased. They could as well have caused letters of administration to be taken out in 1784, asin 1814. But because this may be, I contend the present case is within the principle of the cases which have been decided by the analogy of the statute of limitations, and on grounds of public policy. It is well known that many cases which are not within the letter of the statute, are construed to be within it by analogy. The statute, for instance, does not apply, in terms, to proceedings in equity;

OF THE UNITED STATES.

but they are affected by analogy.a Where a party has an equitable lien, if he be guilty of such negligence as would bar him at law, he shall be barred in equity. In relation to the whole class of incorporeal hereditaments, whether the cases arise in equity, or at law,. the bar is furnished, not by the terms of the statute of limitations, but by its analogy.' So is the law, also, with regard to an equity of redemption. There is no right to enter. It is but a mere equitable interest in the land; it is not, therefore, within the terms of the statute ; but yet it is barred by the lapse of time prescribed by the statute for other cases.. Rent, also, a highly favoured lien, will be presumed to be discharged by the lapse of the statute period.'
In short, it will be difficult to find a case in which a lien upon land, which may be asserted and enforced at any.time, has been established, after the expiration of the time allowed to make title to the land itself. In most of these cases, the ends 6f justice, and the policy of the law, are attained by presuming a grant. This presumption is made from principles of public policy, and the necessity of the case. It is for the furtherance of justice, and for the sake of peace: it is founded in this, that whatever has long existed, and has been acquiesced in by

1822.
" Ricard v.
Williamns.

a 1Scho. 4- Lefr. 413. b 2 Saund. 175. note a. I Bo. + Pull. 401. 4 Day's Rep. 244. c I Powell Mort. 408. d Bailey v. Jackson, 16 Johns. Rep. 210.

3 East, 294.

104
1822. 'bBly ieard
V. Williams.

CASES IN THIE. SUPREDIE COURT
those who had aq interest to disturb, it, had, probaa lawful beginning, It is not to be'supposed
that a man would suffer another to obstruct the eajoyment of his right without complaint, and an effort
to obtain redress. The presumption is not to be made out, by weighing minutely the evideace of particular facts and probabilities. This would b6 proof,not presumption.
Legal presumption is resorted to. where there is no particular proof, and because there cal be u particular. proof; the question, in such cases, is not to be decided by personal belief or disbelief, The grant presumed is taken to exist as a fact, in contemplation of law."
Whatever is possible may be presumed, in order to establish long continued possessions, Royal charters, acts of parliament, grawts trom the state, common recoveries, and private couveyances of all descriptions.' Some of the questionsa now presented here were fully discussed in the Supr6me Court of Connecticut, in a case in which the same parties were plaintiffs, as -in this, and which rtspected tile same title : and I refer particularly to the judgment pronounced in that case by the chiefjustice, The ground is, that by a neglect to assert the claim, and enforce the lien for a length of tinie equal to that prescribed by the statute to bar a title to the land itself, the creditor shall be presumed to have waived

a 2 Bos. 4- Pull. 206. 12 es. !?61. b 12 Ves. 374. e len. t Alunf. 370.
c Sumner v. Child, 2 Conn. Rep. 607.

2 T R. 169.

IOF THE UNITED STATES.

or surrendered the lien; that this presumption stands on principles of public policy, and furnishes a cornplete. bar to the demandants' recovery.

1822.
RkaIl
WillTam. s.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Feb. 281h.

Court.

The principal questions which have arisen, and

have been argued here, upon the instructions given

by the Circuit Court, and to which alone the" Court

deem, it necessary to direct their attention, are, First,

whether upon the facts stated, a legal presumption

exists, that William Dudley died- seised of an es-

tate of inheritance in.the demanded premises ; and,

if so, Secondly, whetheran exclusive possession of

the demanded premiSes,. by Joseph Dudley and his

grantees, after the death of, William, under an ad-

versary claim, for thirty years, is a bar to the entry

and title of the demandants under the pdministration

sale.

It is to be considered, that no-paper. title, of any b,,,2Foss,lo

sort, is shown in William Dudley, or his son Joseph. 0(ofrnersip.

Their title, whatever it may be, rests upon posses-

sion ; and the nature and extent of that possession

must be judged of by the acts and circumstances

which accompany it, and qualify, exllain, -or con-

trol it Undoubtedly, if a person be found in pos-

session of land, claiming it as his own, in fee, it is

primafacieevidence of his ownership, and seisin of

the inheritance. But, it is not the possession alone,

but the possession accompanied with the claim.of

the fee, thatgives this effect, by construction of law,

to the acts of the party. Possession, per se, eviden-

VOL. -VII.

14

'CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
IPlicaa-rdd
v.
wikals,

ces no more than the mere fact of present occupation, by right ; for the law will not presume a wrong; and that possession isjust as consistent with a prosent interest, under a lease for years or for life, as in
fee. From the very nature of the case, therefore, it must depend upon the collateral circumstances, what is the quality and extent of the interest claimed by the party; and to that extent, and that only, will the presumption of law go in his favour. And the declarations of the party, while in possession, equally with his acts, must be good evidence for this pur-
pose. If he claims only an estate for life, and that is consistent with his possession, the law will not, upon the mere fact of possession, adjudge him to be
in under a higher right,'or a larger estate. If, indeed, the party be in under title, and by mistake of law, he supposes himself possessed of a less estate in the land than really belongs to him, the law will adjudge him in possession of, and remit him to, his full right and title. For a mistake of law shall not, in such case, prejudice the right of the party, and his possession, therefore, must be held co-extensive with his right. This is the doctrine in Littleion, (s. 695.) cited at the bar ; and better authority could not be given, if, indeed, so obvious a principle ofjustice required any authority to support it. But there the party establishes a title in point of law greater than his claim ; whereas, in the case now supposed, the party establishes nothing independent of his possession, and that qualified by his own acts and declarations. This is the distinction between

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the cases, and accounts at once for the different principles of law applicable to them.
It has also been argued at the bar, that a person who commits a disseisin cannot qualify his own wrong, but must be considered as a disseigor in fee. This is generally true ; but it is a rule introduced for the- benefit of the disseisee, for the sake of electing his remeay. For if a man enter into possession, under a supposition of a lawful limited right, as under a lease, which turns out to be void, or as a special occupantwhere he is not entitled so to claim, ifhe be a disseisor at all, it is only at the election of the disseisee.a' There is nothing in the law which prevents the disseisee from considering such a person as a mere trespasser, at his election; or which makes such an entry, under mistake for a limited estate, a disseisin in fee absolutely, and, at all events, 'so that a descent cast would toll the entry of-the disseisee. But, were it otherwise, in order to apply the doctrine at all, it must appear, that the party found in possession entered without right, and was, in fact, a disseisor ; for if his entry were congeable, or his possession lawful, his entry and possession will be considered as limited by his right. For the law will never construe a possession tortious unless from necessity. On the other hand, it will consider every possession lawful, the commencement and continuance of which, is not proved to be wrongful. And this upon the plain principle, that every man shall be presumed to act in obedience to his duty,

1822. Ricard
.

thoagmitrue

that a

r

c=ot q3u'Ify

his own, 1,Mg.

a Com. Dig. Seisin. F. 2. & F. 3. 1 Roll. Abrid. 662. 1. 45. Id. 661. 1. 45.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
Ricard
V..
Wluams.

until the contrary appears. When, therefore, a naked possession is in proof, unaccompanied by evi-
dence, as to its origin, it will be deemed lawful' and co-extbnsive with the right set up by the party. If the party, claim only a limited estate, and not a feb, the law will not, contrary to his intentions, en-
large it to a fee. And it is only when the party is proved to be in by disseisin, that the law will construe it a disseisin of the fee, and abridge the party of his right, to qualify his wrong.
Now, in the case at bar, it is not proved of what estate Thomas Dudley died seised in the premises. His possession does not appear to have been accom-
panied'with any claim of right to the inheritance. It might have been an estate for life only, and as such, have had a lawful commencement. If it were intended to be.argued, that he had a fee in the premises, it should have been established by competent proof, that he was in possession, claiming a fee by right, or by wrong. No such fact appears. The only fact, leading- even to a slight presumption of that nature, is, that his widow took one third of' the rents and profits duing her life. But whether this was under a claim of dower, or any other right, is not proved. The circumstance is equivocal in its character, and is unexplained ; and the inference to be deduced from it, of a descendible estate in her husband, is rebutted by the fact, that immediately on
his death, his son William entered into the premises, claiming a life estate, and held them during his life, as his own, without any claim on the part of the co-heirs of his father, to share in the estate. There is then nothing in the case, from which it can beju-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

dicially inferredy that Thomas was ever seised of an estate: of inheritance in the prem*,ses,- and, of course, none of-a descent from him to-his-heirs.
Then, as to the estate of his son William in the premises. It-is argued, that William had an estate in fee, by right or by wrong. That if his entry, ei-
ther in person, or by his guardian, was without right, it was a disseisin, and invested him with a wrongful estate in fee. If with right, then. it must have been as a co-heir of his father, and a grant ought to be presumed from the other co-heirs to him, releasing their title, and confirming his.
The doctrine, as to presumptions of grants, has been gone into largely, on the argument, and ttle general correctness of the reasoning is not denied. There is no difference in the doctrine, whether the grant relate to corporeal or incorporeal hereditaments. A grant of land may as well be presumed,
as a grant of a fishery, or of common, or of a way. Presumptions of this nature are adopted from the general infirmity of human nature, the difficulty of preserving muniments of title, and the public policy of supporting - long and uninterrupted possessions. They are founded upon the consideration, that the facts are such as could not, according. to the ordinary course of human affairs, occur, unless there was a transmutation of title to, or an admission of an existing adverse title in, the party in possession. They may, therefore, be encountered and rebutted by contrary prehumptions ; and can never fairly arise where all the circumstances are perfectly consistent with the non-existence of a grant:

18U.
R
V. w1 .
Prsumpti of
givintsu.ngds
on whic it
bh't nPPUcL

110

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822.
..- ',
Pdcard
V.
Williams. Presumption of frants, how far
imited to peri.
odb aoos
to those o -the statute of limi. tations.

Afortioi, they cannot arise where the claim isofsuch a nature as is at variance with the supposition of a grant. In general, it is the policy of courts of law, to limit the presumption of grants to periods analo-
gous to those of the statute of' limitations, in cases where .the statute does not apply. But where the
statute applies, it constitutes, ordinarily, a sufficient title or defence, independently of any presumption of a grant, and, therefore, it is not generally resorted to. But if the circumstances of the case justify it, a presumption of a grant may as well be made in the one case as in the other ; and where the other circumstances are very cogent and full, there is no absolute bar against the presumption of a grant, within a period shortof the statute of limitations.a
If we apply the doctrines here asserted to the case at bar, we may ask, in the first place, what ground there is to presume any grant of the premises to Wil-
liam Dudley, and if any, what was the quantity or quality of his estate ? It has been already stated that
there is no sufficient proof that his father died seised of a descendible estate in the premises ; and if so, the entry of William by his guardian, or in person, cannot be deemed to have been under colour of title as heir ; and in point of fact he never asserted any such title. For the same reason, no estate can be presumed to have descended to his co-heirs; and if so, the very' foundation fails upon which the presumption of a grant from them to William can be built ; for if they had no title, and asserted no title, there is no reason

a See Phillips on Evidence, ch. 7. s. 2. p. 126. Folcyv. Wilson, I I East, 56.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

to presume that he or they sought to make or receive an inoperative conveyance. There is no pretence of any presumption of a grant in fee from any other person to William ; and as there is no evidence of any connexion with the will of Governor Dudley, or of any claim of title under it by William, there does
not seem any room to presume that he was in under that will, upon mistaken constructions of his title derived from it. There is this further difficulty in presuming a grant from the co-heirs to William, that at
the time of his own entry, as well as that of his guardian, all of them were under age, and incapable of making a valid conveyance. During this period,
therefore, no such conveyance can be presumed : and yet William, during all this period, claimed an exclu-
sive right, and had an exclusive possession of the whole to- his own use ; and his subsequent possession was but a continuation of the same claim without any interference on the part of the co-heirs. In point of fact the youngest brother arrived at age about the time of William's death; and as to two others of the co-heirs, the statute of limitations of Connecticut, as to rights of entry, would not then run against them. The presumption of a grant from them is therefore in this view, also, affected with an intrinsic infirmity.
In addition to all this, William never claimed any estate in fee in the premises. His declaration uniformly was, that he had a life estate only, and that upon his death they would descend to hig son Joseph. Of the competency of this evidence to explain the nature of his possession and title, no doubt can reasonably be entertained. His title being evidenced

1822.
Rlicard
V. wimu".

112
1822.
Ficaard V.
Wiiams.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
only by possession, it must be limited in its extent to the claim which he asserted. If, indeed, it had appeared that he was in under a written title which gave him a larger estate, his mistake of the law could not prejudice him; but his seisin would be coextensive with, and a remitter to that title. But there is no evidence of any written title, or of any mistake of law in the construction of it. For aught that appears, William's estate was exactly what lie claimed, a life estate only, and the inheritance belonged to his son Joseph. It is material also to observe, that the acts of the parties, and the possession of the estates during the period of nearly fifty years, are in conformity with this supposition, and at war with any other. Why should William's brothers and sisters have acquiesced in his exclusive possession during his whole life, if the inheritance descended from their father.? Why should Joseph's brothers and sisters have acquiesced in his exclusive possession during a period of twenty-five years without claim, if their father William was seised of the inheritance ? Why should the guardians of William and Joseph have successively entered into the premises, claiming the whole in right of their respective wards, if their title was not deemed clearly and indisputably an exclusive title, or if they were in by descent under the title of their fathers ? If, indeed, a presumption of a grant is to be made, it should be of a grant conforming to the declarations and acts of possession of the parties during the whole period : and if any grant is to be presumed from the facts of this case, it is a grant of a particular estate to William, with a remainder of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

inheritance to Joseph, or in-the maost favourable view of an estateotail to William, upon whose death the estate would-descend to Joseph, as his eldest son, per formam doni. -If Thomas, the grand father, were proved to have been the owner of the fee, there is nothing in the- other circumstances which forbids the presumption of sucf a-grant from him ; but as the cause now stands, it -may as well have been derived from some other ancestor, or from a .stranger. It is therefore the opinion of this Court,.that the Circuit Court erred.-in, directing, the jury that William, by mistaken constructions of the will of Governor Dudley, might have claimed an estate for life inthe premises, and that such mistake would not operate to defeat his title by possession, for there was no evidence that William-ever claimed under that will; and also erred in instructing the jury that they were authorized to presume a grant by the children of Thomas,to William, The compromise entered into by Joseph with two of his brothers is not thought to change the posture of the case, because that compromise was made with an explicit denial of their right; and is therefore to be considered as an agreement for a family peace.
The other question in the cause is of great importance, and if decided one way will probably put an end to further controversy. It has been very fully and ably argued at the bar, and does not, from any thing before us, appear to have received a final adjudication in the State courts of Connecticut. It must therefore be examined and decided upon principle. By the laws of Connecticut, (as has been al-

VOL. VIT.

15

Us8
1822.
v
Willia.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1822
:Riear d
V. Wilams.

ready stated,) the real estate of an intestate is liable to he sold for the payment of debts, where there is a deficiency of personal estate.' The administrator in virtue of his general authority, has no right to med-
dle with the real estate; but derives this special authority from the order of the Court of Probates, which possesses jurisdiction to direct a sale, upon a proper application, and proof of the deficiency of the personal assets. This power or trust, call it which you please, when granted or ordered, is not understood to convey any estate to the administrator in the lands of the intestate. He derives simply an authority to sell from the Court, and upon the sale makes a conveyance to the purchaser; and the estate passes to the purchaser upon his entry into the land by operation of law, so that he is in under the estate of the intestate. As long as an administration legally subsists, or may be legally granted, this power over the land may be exercised, if the land remains in possession of the heirs; and it is not defeated simply by an alienation or disseisin of the heirs.a By analogy, also, to other cases of a like nature, at the common law, as, for instance, a power given by a will to executors to sell an estate for payment of debts, it may be true that a descent cast will not toll an entry, for there is a distinction between a right of entry, and a mere power.b The former is in general barred by a descent cast ; but the

a Drinkwater v. Drinkwater, 4 Mass. Rep. 354. 359.' Jenk. Cent. 184. pl. 85.
b Littteton, s. 169. Jenk. Cent. 184. pl. 85. Brooke's Abridg. -Devise,pl. 36. Lift. s. 391. Co. Litt. 240.

SOF THE UNITED STATES.

115

latter is not. On this, however, it is not necessary to
express any opinion. It does not apppar that at the tine of granting the

1822. liard

administration on this estafe, any statuteable limi- Williams.

tation of the period within which an original ad-

ministration might be granted, existed in Connecti-

*cut, though a limitation generally to seven years

after the death of the party has been since introdu-

ced.a And the present administration, though granted

after the lapse of 28 years from the death of William

Dudley, must be considered as valid, it having been

allowed by a Court of competent and exclusive ju-

iisdiction, whose decision we are not at liberty to

review.

Still, however, the question recurs, whether a The pone
power of sale, thus derived under the law, and not toetsoaesfeolrli srtehaet from the act of the party, is to be considered as a estatef or
Must be
perpetual lien on the land of which the intestate 'e~i~iaeisanoabl le died seised, and capable of being called -into life at ti.

any distance of time,.and under any circumstances,

whatever may be the mesne conveyances, disseisins,

or descents, which may have taken place. If it be

of such a nature, great public mischiefs must inevi-

.tably occur, and many innocent purchasers, fortified

as their possession may be, by. length of time, against

all interests in the land, may yet be the victims of a

secret lien, or power, which could not be forseen or

guarded .against, and which may spring upon their

titles when the original parties to the transactions are

a Statutes of Connecticut. Revision of 1821. tit. 32. Estates 33.

116
1822. ,tR.i-crar,d
V,.
Williams.

CASES IN THE SUPREAIR COURT
buried in the grave. The principhs of justice would seem to require, that the law should administer its benefits to those who are vigilant in exercising their rights, and not to those who sleep over them. It is
always in the power of creditors to compel an administration to be taken upon an estate by application to a Court of Probates; and if the next of kin decline the office, it is competent for the Court to appoint any other suitableperson. So that, if creditors do not choose to act, the loss or injury ought rather to fall on them, than on those who are meritorious purchasers without the means of knowledge to guard them against mistake. A power to sell the estate for payment of debts being created by the law, ought not to be so construed as to work mischiefs against the intent of the law. It ought to be exercised within.a reasonable time after the death of the intestate: and gross neglect or delay on the part of the creditors for an unreasonable time, ought to be held to be a waiver or extinguishment of it. This appears to be the doctrine in Massachusetts;a whose laws on this subject are like those of Connecticut, and is so just in itself, that unless prevented by authoriiy, we should not hesitate to adopt it. There is no decisign in Connecticut, which, to our knowledge, controverts this doctrine; and it stands supported by the very learned opinion of her late Chief Justice in the case of Sumner v. Mlds5. There

a Gore v. Brazer, 3 Mass. Rep. 523. 542 . den, 4 lass. Rep. 150. 155.
b 2 Conn. Rep. 607.

Wyman v. Brig.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

are many cases where indisputable liens on land may 182.

be lost by lapse of time. and transmutation of the property. And even the rights of mortgagors to re-

lRicard

deem, and of mortgagees to enforce payment out of

.

the land, may be lost by presumptions, or laches

arising from time.
What then-is to be deemed a reasonable time for blTe hitsime-odisYt the exercise of this power-t gell ? It has been ar- be -xed by

gued that the case of such a power is -within the tatoas.

purview of the -statute of limitations of Connecti-

cut; and if not that the reasonable time for its exer-

cise is to be fixed by analogy to that statute. The

statute provides that no person shall, at any- time

thereafter, make entry -into any lands or tenements,

but within fifteen years next' after his right- or title

shall first descend or accrue to the same, with a saving

in favour of infants,femes covert, &c. of five years

after the removal of the disability.a 'Ihe language

of the statute would seem to apply merely to rights

of-entry; but it has-been the uniform construction

of the Courts of the State, that it also takes away

all rights of action, and, therefore, bars all real ac-

tions after that period.b Now, the argument at the

bar is, that the words right or title first-accrued, refer solely to the commencement of the original title

under- which the party claims, and not to his own

accession to the title. But it appears to us, that this

Sa See the statute i- Revised Laws of Conn. tit. 59. sec. 1. P. 309. 1 Swifj's System, 335.
b I Swift's System, 335, 336; Sumner v. Child, 2 Conn.
Rep. 607. 615.

118

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT

1822.
**-d
Willim.

construction of the statute cannot be maintained.
The title against which the statute runs; is a present
right of entry; and it-is, admitted,-.that when once it so begins to run, no devolution of the same title, and no supervening disability, will stop its operation. When, therefore, it speaks of a right or title first accrued, it means a new right or title first accruing to the party, and not the transfer of an old title. Against titles, in esse, at the time of the adverse possession) the statute was intended to run ; but titles which should afterwards come a esse, were not within the provision of the statute, because they could not be enforced within the period,,and it-would be unjust to bar future rights in respect-to wbich there couldi by no possibility, be an imputation of liohes. And
such has been the tiniform constrdction of all the statutes which contain'a'clause of this nature. StIMnford's case, cited at the bar, and referred' to in dro. Jac. 61., is directly in' point; and it would be easy to multiply instances under the statute of limitations, and the statute of fines, to the same effect.a If, indeed, the construction were otherwise) it would not help the present case, for the Tight'of entry of the purchaser did -not accrue until after the conveyance to him, and if he should then be deemed in under the estate of the intestate, and in privity of title, it would be a new right growing out of the exercise of a power conferred by law, and no more barred than a right of entry upon an extont after a fine le-

a Bac. Jbr. Limitations, B. Bac. Abr. Fines and Recove ries, F. Comyn's Dig. Fine, K. 2.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
vied, and five years past, where the judgment was obtained before the fine.
But we do think it is a case clearly within the same equity as those which are governed by the statute of limitations; and that by analogy to the cases where a limitation has been applied to other rights and equities not within the statute, the reasonable time within which the power should be exercised, ought to be limited to the same period which regulates rights of entry. It would be strange, indeed, that when the estate of the heirs in the land, which is but a continuation of the estate of the intestate, is extinguished by the statute, the estate should still be cousidered as a subsisting estate of the intestate himself. That the administrator should possess a power over the property which the intestate could not possess if living; and that a lien created by operation of law should have a more permanent dura tion of efficacy, than if created by the express act of the party. The convenience of mankind, the publie policy of protecting innocent purchasers, and the repose of titles honestly acquired, require some limitation upon powersof this nature, and we know of none more just and equitable than this, that when the right of entry to the land is gone, or the estate is gone by an adverse possession from those who held as heirs or devisees, the whole interest in the land, the power of the administrator to make sale of the land for payment of debts, is gone also. In this opinion we do but follow the. doctrine which has been distinctly in-

119
1822.
c
V.
W'

a Bac. .Abr. Fines, &c. F. cites 1 Mod. 217.

CASES IN -THE"SUPREIVIE COURT
1'822. timated both in the Massachusetts and Cohnecticut -]iRc"a-rd"r- Co urts .a WilliVam. s. The remaining consideration under this head is,
whether, the possession of Joseph Dudley can be considered as-an adverse possession so as to toll the right of entry of the heirs, and, consequently, extinguish, by the lapse of time, their right of action for the land, as well as extinguish by analogy of principle the power of the administrator to sell the land. It is said, that the entry of Joseph into the premises is consistent with the potential right of the creditors ; that he had a right to enter as a co-heir of his father, and if he entered as co-heir, his possession was n( t adverse, but was a possession for the other heirs ar I creditors, and he could not afterwards hold adversely, or change the nature of his possession, for the creditors might always elect to consider him their trustee. There is no doubt, that in general, the entry of one heir will enure to the benefit of all, and that if the entry is made as heir, and without claim of an exclusive title, it will be deemed an entry not adverse to, but in consonance One heir may, with, the rights of the other heirs. But it is as hbKadhisseeissinaco-f clear, that one heir maay diissseiisse hiis co-heirs, and
quire an enclu-
sup,on,pwohsiechsiothne, hold an adverse possession against them, as well as bsoatthuatgeawntilrh,isa stranger. And, notwithstanding an entry as heir, gainhsetis,careddiat.- the party may, afterwards, by disseisin of his coors.. heirs, acquire an exclusive possession upon which the
f b Gore v. Brazer, 3 Mass. Rep. 623. 642. Wyman v.
Brigden, 4 Mass. Rep. 150. 155. Sumner v. Childs, 2 C,wi
Rep. 607.

OF rHE UNITF9D STATES.

statute will run. An ouster, or disseisin, is not, in-

deed, to be presumed from the mere fact of sole pos-

session; but it may be proved by such possession, accompanied with a notorious claim of an exclusive

right. And if such exclusive possession will run

against the heirs, it will, by parity of reason, run

agaipst the creditors. For the. heirs, qua heirs,, are

in no accurate sense in the estate as trustees of the

creditors. They hold in their own right by descent

from their ancestor, and take the profits to their own

use during their possession; and the most that can

be said is, that they hold consistently with the .right

of the creditors. The creditors, in short, have but

alien on the land which may be enforced through the

instrumentality of the administrator acting under the

order of the Court of Probates.

But in order to apply the argument. itself, it is

necessary to prove that the ancestor had an estate of

inheritance, and that the party entered as heir. Now,

in the case at bar, all the circumstances point the

other way. There is not, as has been already inti-

mated, any proof, that William Dudley died seised

of an inheritance in the land ; -and therle is direct

proof that he asserted the inheritance to be in his

son Joseph ; and the entry of the guardian of Joseph

as well as his own entry, after his arrival of age, was

under an exclusive claim to the whole, not by descent,

but by title distinct or paramount. There is certain-

ly no incapacity in an heir to claim an estate by ti-

tle distinct or paramount to that of his ancestor ; and

if his possession is exclusive under such claim, and he

holds all other persons out until the statute period

VO.. VII.

16

1822.
IRicardl
V.
Wiams.

1822.
Bouldin
MasVsie.s
Hei.

CASES IN THE, SUPREME COURT
has run, he is entitled to the full benefit and protec-, tion of the bar. It appears to us, therefore, that the jury ought to have been instructed, that if they were satisfied, that Joseph's possession was adverse to that of the other heirs, and under a dlaim of title distinct from, or paramount to that of' his father, during his 26 years of exclusive possession, the entry of the purchaser, under the administrator's sale, was not congeable, and that the power of the creditor over the estate was extinguished. There was therefore error in the opinion of the Court to the jury, that as against the creditors of William Dudley, neither Joseph nor the tenant had gained any title to the land in controversy by possession.
For these reasons the judgment of the Circuit Court must be reversed, and the cause remanded, with directions to the Court to order a venire facias de novo.

[LOCAL LAW.]
BOULDiN and Wife v. MAssI's Heirs and Others.
The patent issued on a military warrant under the law of Virginia, is primafade evidence that every prerequisite of the law was compli. ed with.
The loss of a paper must be established before its contents can be pro. ved: but where the patent issues upon an assignment of the warrant, 'and the legal title is thus consmnmated, the assignment itself baing no

1822.
' er's
Heirs V.
Thomas.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
(PRACTICE.)
MACKER'S Heirs v. THOMAS.

In real actions, the death of the ancestor,, without having appeared to the suit, abates the suit, and it cannot be revived and prosecuted against the heirs of the original defendant.
If the heirs be made parties by order of the Court in which the suit is brought, and judgment is entered against them by default for want of a plea, upon a summons ad count against the original defendant, they may sue out a writ of error, and reverse the judgment.
.March151h. Mr. Justice WASHINGTON delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to a judgment of the Circuit Court for the District of Kentucky. The defendant brought a writ of right in that Court against John Macker, the ancestor of the plaintiff in error, for an undivided moiety in a certain tract of land. After a summons served upon Macker, he died, without having appeared to the suit, and a rule was obtained by the plaintiff below, upon the heirs of the defendant, to show cause why the suit should not be revived against them. This rule being served and no cause shown to the contrary, the suit, by order of the Court, was revived against the heirs, the plaintifs in error, and at a subsequent term of the Court, judgment by default was entered against them, from which judgment this writ of error is prosevuted. The main question for the decision of this Court is, whether the Circuit Court erred in directing the suit to be revived against the heirs of Macker, and ron-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

dering judgment against them ? The Court consider this point to have been decided in the case of Green V'. Watkins, 6 Wheat. Rep. 260. The question there was, whether in real actions, the death of either party, after a writ of error sued out, abates the suit; and it'was decided that it did not. But in examining the general principles of ldw upon the subject of abatement by the -deathof pirties, it was distinctly laid down, that in real and personal actions, the death of either partyi before judgment, did at common lawabate the suit;- and' that the 31st section of the Judiciary Act: of 1789, c. 20., wag necessary to enable the action -to 'be prosecuted by or against therepresentatives of the deceased party, when the cause of action survived. But this section is clearly confined to personal actions, as the power to .rosecute or defend. is given to the exedutor or administrator of the deceased party, piid not to the heir
or devisee. It is objected by the counsel for the defendant
in error, that the defendants in the Court below could not sue out and prosecute a writ of error, because iheyfailed to appear and plead to the suit in that Court.. No case was referred to in support of this objection, and it is confidently believed that none can be found to countenance it. Although the plaintiffs in error did not plead to the suit' they were nevertheless made parties to it by the order of the -Court, and as slich, judgment was rendered against them, and that too upon a summons and countagainst the ancestor. Being, then, parties to the suit, and affected by the judgment against them, they were

1S21.
Heir Thomx%

532
1822,
Macker's Heirs
V.
Thomas,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
olearlyentitled tosueouta writof error; and although,
the judgment was entered by default for want of a plea, they may be injured not less by such jndgment,
than if it had been entered upon a verdict. Ifjudgment in an action of trespass be rendered against one defendant by default, and in favour of the other defendant upon a plea, the former may alone bring a writ of error. (Lev. 220. Hob. 70.) If it should be said that the appearance of the plaintiffs in error in the Circuit Court, by an attorney of -that Court, cured the error committed in reviving the suit against them, the answer is, that by the death of the ance'stor, a new cause of action arose against the heirs, and the plea is not in the.same condition as it was in the lifetime of the party0. The suit having once abated by the death of the defendant, it was out of Court, and a new summons and count against the heirs was necessary. Besides, the appearance was not voluntary, but was the consequence of an erroneous order of the Court, enabling the plaintiff below to prosecute the suit against the heirs.
It is objected, in the last plate, that if the plaintiffs have a right to .prosecute this writ of error, they nevertheless-cannot assign for error the order of the Court reviving the suit, because they failed in that Court to appear and except to the opinion of the Court in relation to the order. But an exception to the opinion of the Court is only necessary when the alleged error could not otherwise appear upon the record, The error in this -case was in ordering

G(reen v. Watkins, 6 Mi7cat. Rep. 262.

OF THE UNITED"STATES.
the suit to be revived and prosecuted against the heirs of the origtial defendant, and proceeding to renderjudgment against them upon a summons and count against the original defendant, all which sufficiently appears upoir the face of this record.

535
1822.
lacxkeez
Hein v.

JUDGMENT. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Kenucky, and was argued by counsel for the defendant in error. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion that the said Circuit Court erred in ordering 'the suit to be revived and prosecuted against the heirs of the original defendant, and proceeding to render judgment against them upon a summons and count against the original defendant. It is therefore ADJUDGED and ORDERED that fhe judgment of the said Circuit Court in this case be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And this Court proceeding to render such judgment as the said Circuit Court should have rendered, it is farther ADJUDGED and ORDERED that the said suit be, and the same is hereby abated.

