CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. States, but that the same was repealed by the act v of the 31st of January, 1812, to amend the said
La Nereyda. act;' and that the act last mentioned is also repug-
mant to the constitution of the United States. Theopinion given on the first question submit-
ted to this Court by the said Circuit Court, renders it unnecessary to notice the second question.
All which is ordered to be certified to, the said Cirouit Court.
[Pasni. CoNcLusMzESSa o SEN'T34.]
LA NEREYDA. The Syanisl Consul, Libellant.
quare, Whether a regular sentence of condemnation in a Court of the captor, or his ally, the captured property having ben carried inraprwsidia, will preclude the Courts of this-country, from restoring it to the original owners, where the capture was made in violation of our laws, treaties, and neutral obligations
Whoever cfaims under such- a condemnation, must show, that heis a boM0 Wp purohaser for a valuable consideration, unaffected with any participation in ther violation of our],neutrality by the captors.
Wvoe-er sets up a title under any condemnation, as priz, Is bound tt produce the lilel, or othm equivalent proeed blg, under which the coudemnationwas pronounced, as, we4 as the sentence of conde6mnation itself.
Where an order for farther proof Is made, and the party disobeys, or neglects to comply.with its injunctions, Courts of, prize generally cousidex.sucz disabedience, or neglect, as fatal to his claim.
Upon such an order, it is almost the invariable practice for the claimant (besides other testimony) to make proof by his own oath of his proprietary -interest, and to explain the other circumrtsancos of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
transaction; and the absence of such proof and explanation always 82.
leads to considerable doubts. Qyue, Whether a condemnation inthe Court of an ad4gof property La Ntreyda.
carried into his ports by a co-belligerent, is valid?
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Maryland. This was an allegation filed by the Spanish consul against the brig Nereyda, a public vessel of war belonging to the king of Spain, stating, that 'the vessel had been captured by the privateer Irresistible, John 0. Daniels, master, in violation of the laws, treaties, and neutral obligations of the United States The claim given in by Henry Child, as agent in behalf of the claimant, Antonio Julio Francesche, set up a title in him acquired under a sale in pursuance of a sentence of condemnati P,,as prize to the captors, pronounced by the Vice Admiralty Court at Juan Griego, in the island of Margaritta, in Venezuela. The capture was made under an alleged commission from Jose Artegas, chief of the Oriental Republic of Rio de la Plata, and the prize carried into Juan Griego,'as to a port of an ally in the war, for adjudication. The capturing vessel was built, owned, armed, and equipped in the port of Baltimore, and having provided herself with the commission, sailed from that port on a cruize, and captured the Nereyda at sea, in the year 1818. The sentence of condemnation was pronounced, and the alleged sale took place, in March, 1819, and the name of the captured vessel having been changed to that of El Congreso de Vemzuela, hnd a commission obtained for her as a: privateer from the.government of Venezuela, she set sail for Baltimore.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. under the command of Henry Childs, who was La Nereyda.Sthe original prize master, where she arrived, and
was libelled as before stated. It appeared in evidence, that the vessel had continued, from the time of the capture, under the direction and control of Daniels and Childs, both of whom were citizens of the United States, and domiciled at Baltimore. No .bill of sale to Frances6he was produced, and no other evidence of his purchase, except a certificate from the auctioneer. A decree of restitution to the claimant was pronounced in the District Court, which was affirmed, p"o forma, in the Circuit Court, and the cause was brought by appeal to this Court.
ararch 13th, The cause was argued, at the last term, on the
18k!. original evidence, by Mr. Harper and Mr. D.
Hoffman, for the appellant, and by Mr. Winder, for the respondent.
Mr. D. Hoffman, for the appellant, coptended, (1) That the Court is competent to restore this property to the appellant, by the general principles of the jus gentium, without any reference to the proof, that the neutrality and laws of this country have been violated by the captors, but on the sole. ground, that this taking on the high seas was not jurebelli, but wholly without commission, as Jose Artegas does not represent a State or nation,or a power ht war with Spain. That the principles established by cases recently decided in this Court, do not impugn the doctrine contended for, as they oocurred in the case qf commissions

OF THE UNITED STATES.
granted by such of the South American provinces 1823. as our government, in the opinion of the Court, had recognised to be engaged in a civil war with La Neeyd
Spain. That our government, and this Court, having, in no instance whatever, recognised Artegas as engaged in a war with Spain, he is as incompetent to grant connissions of prize, as any other individual in the Spanish provinces. That this Court, therefore, as an Instance Court, will decree restitution and damages, as in ordinary cases of maritime tort.
2.- That the neutrality and laws of this country having been violated by the captors, this Court will decree restitution on that ground, even if the authority under which they acted were, in other respects, fully competent.
3. If the Court has the power to restore this property, either on the ground of the total inability of Artegas to issue commissions of prize, or in vindication of our violated laws and neutrality, it will look behind the condennationof any Court for the existence of these facts, and if they be found to exist, will wholly disregard the condemnation, and consider it rather as an aggravation than an extenuation of the wrong.
4. That this Court, in restoring this property, on the ground of violated neutrality and laws, will not disturb the decree of condemnation, or in any degree impugn. the received doctrine of the conclusiveness of admiralty decrees, as said condenonation was made without any reference to our laws, or inquiry as to the ownership or equipment of the privateer.

CASES IN- THE SUPREME COURT

1823. 5. TI at there is no sufficient proof of the con-

'demnation,

which is relied on; that this Court

La Nereyda. will require the exhibition at least of the libel, in

order to disclose the grounds of the prize proceed-"

ings.

1

6. That the Vice Admiralty of Juan Griego

must be regarded by this Court as wholly incom-

petent to pass on this prize, first, because there is

no evidence whatever of an alliance between

Venezuela and the Banda Oriental; and, if the

alliance were proved, then, secondly, because this

sentence was passed by the Court of an ally, and

not by a Court of the belligerent captor sitting in

the country of an ally.

. hat the evidence of the claimant's purchase

is not sufficient; and, if it were, his title would be

affected by those infirmities which attached to the

right of the captors.

8. That under the circumstances of this case, the new commission granted to the Nereyda, by

the government of Venezuela, after its condemna-

tion, and the alleged purchase of it by Francesche,

can afford it no protection in this Court; that the

doctrine of the immunity of sovereign rights, when it has an extra-territorial operation, is altogether

inapplicable to the present case.

9. That as the evidence in this cause connects

the Court of Juan Griego, its proceedings, and

a These zoints having been argued by Mr. Hofman inthe pre-
ceding cases of the Grand Para, (ante, yol. VII. p. 471.) the Santa Maria, (ld. p. 490.) and the Arrogante Barcelones, (Id. p. 496.) he referred the Court to his former arguments, which will be found reported in those cases.

-O- THE UNI°IED STATMS.

the commission of the Nereyda, with the manifest

violators of our laws of neutrality, and the treaty with Spain, and evinces the whole to be a conge- r Ties of frauds practised on our laws by our own

citizens, aided and sustained by foregners, this Court will maintain the integrity of those laws,

and pay no more regard, and, perhaps, less, to the commission, than to the condemnation. I And, first, as to the effect of the commission:

most of what has already been submitted to the Court as to the inefficiency even of a genuine sale

of such a privateer to the government of any of

the South American provinces, and the inability

of a condemnation, even of a competent Court, to deprive this tribunal of its restoring power, will apply wi.th equal, and perhaps greater force, to

the immunity claimed for this prize from the com-

mission with which she is now clothed.

If this immunity be allowed, it uaust be oh the grounl, that the sovereignty of Venqzuela would

be improperly subjected to judicature, and that this commission imparts to the vessel the same

privilege from arrest, or detention, which is due in

certain cases to a sovereign, or his ambassadors.

This is founded wholly on an assumption, first, of

the fact, that sovereignty is by this proceeding

brought into judicature; and, secondly, of a prin-

ciple, that sovereignty cannot, in any case, be thus

dealt with; both of which, it is presumed, are un-

tenable. We contend, that the restoration of this

prize, notwithstanding the commission, would, in

no degree, affect the rights or dignity of the government of Venezuela; and that if our laws have

VOL. VIII.

is

1823. erey&,

CASES IN THE SUPREMAE COUR'L
1823. been violated, the power of restitution cannot be Simpaired, even if the rights of sovereignty were
La Nereyda. implicated ; that the government of Venezuela,
even if regarded, in all respects, as that of a free and independent State, has .no sovereign rights in this country, when they come in collision with our own ; that all sovereignty is, in its nature, as a general rule, local, and that its extra-territorial operation is to be found only in a few cases of exception to that rule.
This eommission, like the condemnation, is a sovereign act, good for some purposes, and wholly inoperatiVe as to others. The commission would justify the capture of Spanish property; that power this Court cannot call in question; but the commission is not good to disarm this Court of a power which it would otherwise possess, viz. of restoring this vessel, because gained by the unlawful use of American means. The taking of this vessel, .by our citizens, per se, rendered her justiciable in this Court; she is liable to the jurisdiction of American admiralty tribunals, at any remote period, and into whatsoever hands she may haye eome, whether by condemnation, bonafide sale, or otherwise ; and though, in the exercise of this power, such condemnation, sale, or commission, may be rendered (in a degree) inoperative, this is only an incidental or collateral effect; the Court would not directly impugn either; it merely restores the possession to those from whom, quoad this country, it had been illegally wrested. And if subsequently the condemnation, sale, or com-. mission, could benefit those climing under them4

OF THE UNITED STATES.

115

or either of them, this Court would have no power to disturb such possession or title.
The commission which has been given to this prize, is not sustained -by any principles similar, or equivalent to those on which the force of condemnations ordinarily rests. It can seek no aid from the doctrine of comity ; it can claim no exemption from the binding operation of an actual, or supposed notice of a proceedingI in which all the world is a party; it can demand no privilege from the doctrine of the absolute- coequality of all nations. On what principle, then, can the commission shield the vessel from the power of this Court ? These cruizers bear tie flag, and are clothed with the commissions of the country of their adoption; and yet we know, that this Court, in vindication of the laws of the land, would condemn them, on ilaformations filed under the neutrality acts; and this, Coo, even were they public, or national vessels of war." Sovereignty, no doubt, would be as much implicated in the one case, as in the other. It may, however, be said, that the Nereyda never violated the laws of this country, but that it is the capturing vessel which is in delicto; true; but the very ground on which the res subjecta is now claimed, is, that it never vested in the captors, as far as concerns this country. The innocence of the rcs capta, and the illegal means used for its acquisition, are the very grounds of our libel, and the foundation on which the power of this Court reposes. If the capturing

1823. La Nereyda.

a 1 W11rlat. Rep. 2:53.

U6

CASES IN THE SUPREME cUUuT

1823. 'vessel has broken our laws, and the fruit of"its Sillegal act be within the reach of this Court, no
La Nereyda.
power is competent to arrest its arm. If a commission or condemnation of the prize could effect this, legislation would be worse than vain; iJ'would be clothing foreign powers with the right of dispensing with our most solemn, important, and penal laws ; and, in the present case, it would be yielding to ah unknown, undefined, self-created
power, not only the rights of nations in their fullest extent, but the privilege of seducing our own citizens to the violation of our laws ; and this, too, with perfect impunity, as the personal sanctions of the laws are'not only extremely difficult to be efiforced, but there is no occasion- for the oflbnders to come within the reach of our Courts.
The cases of the Exchange,a and the Casgius,b will probably be relied on, as establishing the doctrine that the commission conferred on this vessel by the government of Venezuela, as the sovereign act of a State or nation, so effectually screens the vessel from judicial cognizance, that this Court dare not examine into the cause, but must leave the vessel in the undisturbed posses-
sion of those holding the commission. If we analyze this celebrated case of the Exchange, and collate its facts and principles with that now
under adjudication, we shall find them io stand olt grounds essentially different:
1.The seizure of the Exchange was made by the Rovereign power of France, from an American

a. 7 rmtebi 116 .

h 3 Dall. 12S

OF THE UNITED "STATES.
citizen who had violated his neutrality, and had 182. thereby become q"asi an enemy of that country. 2. The seizure was in the exercise of what w La Nereyda. claimed, by France a" a belligerent right. 3. The Exchange, when shexeturned into our waters, was actually and bonafide a public vessel of war, held by the Emperor NapoJeon, jure corotu, and bore the flag and commission of a national ship of war. 4. The Exchange was in the possession of a sovereign who claimed a title in her, and who had done no act by which he dould be subjected lo judicature. 5. The case of the Exchange rested on the personal character and immunity of sovereigns, and an immunity was claimed for this vessel only as extensive as that which is allowed in the three cases, of the sovereign himself, his ambassadors, and his armies in transitu. 6. The Exchange entered the port.'of Philadelphia in distress, and sought an. asylum bona fide; During this time She demeaned herself with strict propriety, and no act was done manifesting a consent to submit to judicature, nor by our government to exact it. 7. The libel against the Exchange involved the question of sovereign title as well as possession. It was a petitory suit, of which this Court could 'have no jurisdiction whatever. 8. There was a. suggestion by the law officer of the goiernment, on behalf of the French -sovereign, and .the case was wholly coram non judice, even if the Bzchange had not been a national vessel of war. 9. The Exchange was not seized on the high seas; it was a seizure within a port of the French empire, by order of the sovereign, under his Rambino-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. illct decree. There was, therefore, no case within La Nereyda'th.e admiralty. The taking was neither a capture,
nor a maritime tort; the Court was, consequently,
compelled to leave the possession undisturbed. 10. Its being, at the time of the seizure, American property, could in no way invest this Court with the power of restitution, even had it been a maritime seizure jure belli. 'The legality of all captures is to be judged by the Courts of the captor, unless in the two excepted cases of a violation of our territorial limits in effecting the capture, and equipment, ownership, or augmentation of the force of the vessel in this country. The Ex. change was embraced by neither exception.
Setting aside the question of the sovereign's title, the case of the Exchange presented nothing more than the ordinary case of an American vessel, which, after being seized jure belli, for a violation of her neutrality, returned to this country; the legality of which seizure, it must be admitted, belonged exclusively to the Courts of France. The violation of her neutrality-rendered her quoad hoc a belligerent. Nay, the very suggestion filed by the attorney general, was avowedly for the purpose of maintaining our neutrality inviolate; and although the decree'to which she had rendered .herself obnoxious, might have been a most arbitrary, and even wanton departure from the law of nations. This was not a matter for our Courts, but for our government to judge of, and to remedy; for had the government declared the Rambouillet decree contrary to the law of nations, still, this

OF THE iJNITED STATES.
Court could not have restored the Exchange.0 1826. This principle alone would have justifiedtothites L'-a"N' ert.,da. Cqurt in refusing to restore the Exchange formey owner. The case of the Exchange was made to rest on two distinct points, either of which was sufficient to decide the cause. First,whether the Court cbuld restore American property, which might have been unjustly or illegally seized by a foreign government. This was, in truth, the only essential point. The cases of the Betsey,' Del Cot v. Arnoldc and some others, seemed to sanction the right of restoring, simply on the ground of its being American property. A second question was, therefore, made, which, though but auxiliary, asstufied,-in the course of the argument, the chief importance. It was contended, that as the Exchange was now the property of a sovereign, which had been admitted into our country by implied consent, and which, during her stay, had done no act to terminate that permission, this Court must regard the vessel as entitled to the same immunty as would be due to ambassadors, or foreign troops passing by consent through our country. Much learning and eloquence were, no doubt, displayed in the argument of this point; but, it is conceived, that -had the doctrine, since so clearly laid down in the case of the Invincibled been at that time as well defined and understood
a Williams v. Amroyd, 7( Cranc1h, 423. b 2 Peters's.in. Dec. 330. c 3 DaZ.-S33. d 2 GnMli. Rep. 36. I Wheat. Rep. 238.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. as it is at present, the case of the Exchange would

\have

been decided without reference to the ques-

La Nereda. tion of sovereign immunity.

The following points of comparison occur between the Exchange and the case now under adjudication :
1. The Nereyda was not seized by any sovereign power, but by Daniels, a private individual, a eitizen of the United States, acting under an authority wholly unknown to this Court, because in no way recognised by this government. 2. The Nereyda never was, and is not at this time, a public vessel of -war of the government of Venezuela ; but a privateer, the private property of Daniels, and in his, or, perhaps, Francesche's possession. "The commission under which she now appears, impokO nothing more than an authority in Childs, her commander, to capture Spanish property; but it does not render her national or public property. The commission in the case of the Exchange, on the contrary, was also an evidence or muniment of the sovereign's title. The restitution. of the Nereyda would deprive an individual of his possession; but the restitution of. the Exchange could not have been effected without judging of the validity of the original seizure; annulling, the coinmissmn, and pronouncing a sovereign's title wholly void. 3. The Nereyda is expressly claimed on behalf of a private individual. Neither Francesche nor Childs makes any mention of any possession or property being in the government of Venezuehl. This proceeding, then, does not call on, sovereignty to submit to judicature ;"and the commission can-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

not require of us to consider that as national pro- 1823. perty, which the whole history of the case proves to be a mere private possession. 4. The Ne- La Neeyd a reyda entered our waters voluntarily, and for the express purpose of obtaining an unlawful equipment, and the very persons who brought her here, had -violated our laws, and subjected themselves, and the property in their possession, to the jutisdiction of our Courts. No asylum, therefore, was granted to the Nereyda, and het officers and crew. The United States cannot be supposed to have admitted the Nereyda, exempt from all inquiry asr to her real character, and as to the conduct of those in whose possession she was found. But the Exchange not only arrived here in distress, and demeaned herself with strict propriety, but those who had her in possession had never violated our laws, nor was she ever capable of restitution by this Court; she entered our ports under an acknowledged and certain immunity. No cession, then, of territorial jurisdiction can be inferred from the entry of the Nereyda into our waters ; and her commission, even if it made her a national vessel, would not, under the circumstances of the case, protect her, allowing the doctrine of sovereign immunity its greatest latitude. Sovereignty is essentially local in its operation; the moral equality of all nations establishes this as an aphorism. in public law. Beyond a nation's dominions, sovereignty has, ordinarily, nio operation; its extraterritorial power is but an exceptiont to a well
known rale; and if we for a moment attend to the principle which supports the exception. we shall

VoL. VIM

16

CASES-IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. find it, in all cases, to rest on the consent, express N.r-d-. or implied, of that nation within whose territory La Nereyda, the immunity is claimed. The three exceptions
so forcibly illustrated in the judgment of the Court in the case of the Exchange, show the local nature of sovereignty, and strongly evince the special grounds on which the deviation from the general rule is justified. But even in the excepted cases, if there be not the utmost good faith, if there be any circumstances to negative the implication of consent, or any facts unknown at the time of an express compact, which would have prevented such compact, had they been disclosed, the immunity would at once cease.
The claim of immunity tbr the Exchange, was exacted only to the extent of, and made to rest on those principles which protect from detentiou or arrest, 1st. a sovereign entering the territory of another; 2dly. ambassadors ; and, dly. the troops of a foreign prince, to whom a right of passage had been allowed. Now, if a sovereign should enter the dominions ofanother,without such implied or express consent; or if, after he has entered with consent, fie should commit an act malum tu se, or against the jus gentium ; or if it be discovered that an ambassador had, prior to his appointment, committed some capital offence against the country to which he is sent; or if the troops, in their passage, should violate the rights of persons, or of property-it is presumed neither of' them would be shielded from the penal law of the country.' If this be correct, the commission granted
a 4 Int. 152. 3 Bulst. 2B. Molloy, B. 1. ch. 10. s. 12.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
to the Nereyda cannot, on principle, screen her from the restoring power of this Court. The yessels of all nations, public as well as private, may seek an asylum in our ports. During this, we have, ordinarily, no jurisdiction over them. The consent, however, under which they enter, is always subject to the qualification that they have not previously violated, our laws or hospitality, and that they are in no other respect amenable to judicature. If the Nereyda had not been taken by Unittd States' arms, this Court could not have interfered ir, jehalf of the Spanish sovereign, from whom his rebellious subjects had taken her. The commission, then, it .is presumed, can no more protect her from the power of this Court, than the solemn and public documents by which an ambassador is made the representative of his sovereign, could shield him from the criminal law of the country in which he resides, and whose laws he had previously violated 'unknown to that country.
The libel in this case does not involve the question of title. As relates to Venezuela, even the right of possession of this prize is not implicated. If this were a petitory suit, this Court would disclaim any interference.0 But the question simply is, whether those who have gained a possession, or their representatives, by means illegal in reference to our laws, shall be permitted to retain that possession against its original possessors, in the very country whose laws have been violated.
a 2 Bro. Civ. Adm.Law, 11O. 113. 114.115.117. 7 Cranch, 120. 121.

1823.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
18'23. The Nereyda being at one time subject to the _*'v-'- jurisdiction of this Court, (had she come into our La r~ereyda. possession,) the Court will not permit that to be
done indirectly, which could not be done directly. This contingent jurisdiction can no more be annihilated or impaired by the act of a nation or State, than by an individual. As to this country, the taking was an absolute .nullity. There was a deep seated infirmity in the original capture, which could not be cured by the condemnation, nor by Francesche's purchase, even if it had been genuine. For if the condemnation be not sufficient, no act done in execution of that judicial sentence, could be thus operative: debile fundamenturn fallit opus; and Francesche could succeed only to the title of Daniels, whatever that was. Nor could the commission rehabilitate or perfect the title. It does not pretend to assert a title in any one, nor does it design to confer a title on Francesche, or to intimate any claim- of property in the government granting it. This sovereign act, then, imports nothing further than an authority to that vessel to capture Spanish property.
In the case of the Exchange, the prominent djfficulty was, that its possessor being a sovereign, could not be brought into Court. But, in the pr.sent case, those claiming under the commission, have not only voluntarily appeared and claimed the- Nereyda, but they have expressly submitted the case to the jurisdiction of this Court. The claimant asked for, and received the Nereyda on stipulation ; tfiis cancels, or waives every objection

OF THE UNITED STATES.

12.5

to jurisdiction, if any existed.a Not that it is 1823. meant to assert, in general, that consent can confer jurisdiction; but that wherever a Court has La NerydL jurisdiction of the subject matter, but not of the person, consent would remove the objection. If, on the other hand, the Court has no jurisdiction over the subject matter, but of the persons only, it would not be competent to act from the consent of the parties. In the case now before the Court, there is no one act of the claimant, or of others, indicating any interest in this proceeding on the part of the government of Venezuela; but the case is impressed throughout with the character of a mere private and individual claim.
In the case of tile Cassius, a prohibition was allowed on the ground, 1st. That the prize itself had been carried i.?fraprwsidia; 2dly. That the question of damages should follow the main question, which belonged exclusively to the Court of the captor; 3dly. That as the Cassius was, and
ever had been, the property of a"overeign nation,
and not a mere privateer, our Courts had no power to make her respond in damages; 4thly. That there was no proof that the commander of the Cassius was an American citizen; 5thly. That the treaty with France gave the exclusive cognizance, in all cases of prizes made by their vessels of war, to the Courts of France.
Is there any point in this case which militates against the restitution of the Nereyda ? In the

a The Abby, I Afa.on's Rep. 364. 2 Rrn. Cir.& ..Idnt. Low. 398.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. case of the Cassius, the Court very properly deSided, that the privateer should not respond in
LaNereyda. damages for the captured property; as this had
been taken infrapr-esidia capientium, and the Court of the captors having the exclusive right to judge of the legality of the capture, the question of damages should follow the main question. It also assumed the doctrine, which has been subsequently fully established in the case of the Invincible,a viz. that the power of this Court to- take the res capta from the possession of a belligerent, and restore it to its former owner, could only be brought into action where the neutrality or territorial jurisdiction of this country had been violated by the captor. The case of the Cassius is, in all its points, good law ; it is nothing more than the ordinary .case of calling on this Court to decree 4amages for an illegal capture of American property; no one will pretend to say, that this can be done, unless the Court acquires a jurisdiction by reason of the existence of either of those facts which take the case out of the control of the general rule, which gives to the Courts of the captors the sole right of judging of the validity of all captures. American ownership in the thing captured is not sufficient per se, and in the case of the Cassius no other fact appeared in proof. Further; if we advert to the fact, that the Cassius was subsequently prosecuted on an information for an illegal outfit, which, on that proceeding, was proved,
a I Wheat. Rep. 238.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

127

and she condemned, maugre her commission,a the 1825. case of the Ca· ssius, on the civil proceeding, can- La Nereydanot be regarded as any authority to establish the doctrine of sovereign immunity, when the rights
of two sovereigns come in collision.

Mr. Winder, contra, contended, . That there was no competent claimant before-the Court. The vessel libelled originally belonged, as was asserted, to the king of Spain, and was libelled by 'the Spanish consul, who cannot be considered by this Court as authorized in his general character to appear for his government, when its sovereign rights are drawn in question in our tribunals. He must show some special authority for this purpose.'
2. The capture was made jure belli, under a regular commission from Artegas, the chief of one of the South American provinces, engaged in the present war between Spain and her colonies. The existence of this civil war is notorious. It has been recognised by various acts of our government ; and the consequent right of all the parties engaged in it, to carry 6n hostilities against each other, has been repeatedly admitted by this Court, and is laid down by all the text writers on the law of nations. The Oriental Republic, or Banda Oriental, is that portion of the ancient vice-royalty of La Plata, lying between the river Uruguay and Brazil; which, for a long period, and at the time

a 1 What. Rep. 253. b The Anne, 3 Wheat. Rep. 435.

1823.
e

CASES 1N THE SUPREME COURT
the present capture was made, carried on hostilities both against its parent country, Spain, and against Portugal, independent of the government established at Buenos Ayres. This fact is stated in the President's message of the 17th of November, 1818, and in the reports of our commissioners, transmitted with it ;a and is sufficient to authorize the Court to allow to Artegas all the.rights of war, according to the principles already settled as applicable to this subject. It is impossible to make any intelligible distinction, in this respect, between the different governments which have successively sprung up in different- parts of South America. The rights of war must be allowed to all, or to none. Their existence as governments de facto, is matter of history and public notoriety; and the United States have since acknowledged the independence of all of them as they now exist, without pretending accurately to adjust their conflicting claims of territorial jurisdiction among each other.
3. The capture having been made under a lawful commission, was carried into a port of Venezuela, an ally or co-belligerent with the 'Banda Oriental in the war with Spain, and there condemned as prize to the captors, in the regular Court of the ally. The present claimant, asserts his claim as a purchaser under that sentence of condemnation. The fact of the connexion between the different Spanish provinces in the war
with the parent country, is mentioned by the Presi-

a 4 Wheat. Rcp. App'x. Note I. p. 23.

OF THE UITED STATES.
dent in his different communications to Congress, 1823. and he has the exclusive authority of determining ' the relations of foreign States. There is no doubt, La Nereyda. that a valid condemnation may be pronounced in the Court of the captor's country, where the pize is lying in the port of an ally in the war. And if his ports may be used for this, and all other hostile purposes, it is not perceived why the aid of his Courts may not be imparted for the purpose of consummating that title which is acquired by capture, and bringing infra presidia. Indeed, it seems to be settled by the authority of text writers on the law of nations, and by express adjudications, that this may be done.a -It must be mere matter of arrangement and mutual convenience between the co-belligerents themselves, and no neutral, or other nation, can have any rigtit to complain. The validity of the capture is inquired into by a-Court of prize, having an inherent capacity tomake the investigation, and to do justice to the claimants as well as the captors. Such was our own practice during the war of the revolution, -when Congress authorized our prize Courts to condemn prizes taken by French cruisers, and brought into the ports of the United States.' But even supposing the Court of Venezuela not to be competent to adjudicate on the capture by its ally, yet the. thing taken being once in its possession, and being the property of Spain, its enemy, it

a 2 Brown's Adm. i Civ. Law, 257-281.
2 Base's Pap.479. b 5-WUa. Rep. .dpp.x. 123.

V6L.VVM

17

Oddy v. Bovill,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. might proceed to condemn it as such, and the ' condemnation must give a valid title against all
La Nereyda. tihe world.
4. The captured vessel having been thus condemned as prize, was sold, and fitted out as a privateer under a commission from the government of Venezuela. It is insisted, that this condemnation, and the commission thus obtained, are alone sufficient to prevent the Court from inquiring into her former history. The vessel comes into our ports under the general license which both South American and Spanish cruisers enjoy of frequenting them; and so long as she does not abuse that hospitality, by augmenting her force contrary to our laws, has a right to remain, and depart at pleasure. This was the principle established in the case of the Exchange. It was not upon the ground, that the vessel had become the property of the French emperor by a regular condemnation as prize, but that she bore his flag and commission, and coming into our ports under a general permission, was not amenable to the jurisdiction of our Courts, any more than that sovereign himself, or his ambassador, would have been. Whether the ship be a public, or a private armed vessel, can make no difference. It is sufficient that she bears the commission of the State, and is engaged in the service of the State. To exert any jurisdiction over her, is to exert a jurisdiction over the sovereign rights of that State, of whose military force she constitutes a part, and, from the nature of the present war, an important part. You may, indeed, by a prospective regulation, revoke the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
permission which you have granted to the cruisers 1823. of the South American States, provided your act ''v of revocation be impartial, and extend to those of La Nereyda. Spamn also. But you cannot violate in a particular case the permission you have already granted, and draw to your judicial cognizance the sovereign rights of a State, which is coequal, in the view of the law of nations, with the oldest and proudest sovereignty in the world.
The learned counsel, also, referred to his arguments- in other- analogous cases before the Court at the same term, which will be found reported in those cases.a
Mr. Harper,for the appellant, in reply, notice 1. The preliminary objection which had been urged on the part of the respondent, that the Spanish consul had no competent authority to -institute the present proceeding.
This objection admitted of. several answers. In the first place, it was to be recollected, that it was not the sovereignty, or the sovereign rights of the Spanish government, that were here in question. It wasa mere right of property, held and claimed by the king, in trust, indeed, for the nation, but still a right of property. Some doubts had been raised, how well founded it was not then necessary to inquire, whether a sovereign could be brought into judicature to defend any of his rights: but surely it had never been doubted, that he
a The Santissima'Trinidada; (ante, V-ol. VII. p. 290.) The Grand Para, (i&p. 484.) The Arrogante Barcelones. (id.p. 498. 516.'

1823. *eed

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
might go there if he thought fit, to assert his rights of property. This was the daily practice of our own, and every other government, that respected the laws, and did not act in all cases by its arbitrary will. If the king of Spain could appear voluntarily in a Court of justice, to assert his rights of property, surely he might appear by his agent, his proctor, or his attorney. The consul is the general agent for asserting in Courts of justice the rights of his countrymen, and of his government, as far as they related to property. -Here the consul claims; not, however, in his own name, or for himself, but in the name, and for the rights of his government. As to the case of the Anne, which has been cited on the other side,a the claim was not founded on a right of property, but of violated sovereignty. During the war between the United States and Great Britain, an American privateer had taken a British vessel on the coast of Hispaniola, and, as was alleged, within the Spanish jurisdiction. Spain was neutral ; and there being no acknowledged Spenish minister, the Spanish consul interposed a claim, to protect the neutral rights of his government, and complain of their violation'. He had no extraordinary powers; and the Court decided, that for this purpose his ordinary powers were not competent. But surely it does not follow from this decision, that if the vessel taken had been a public ship of Spain, he might not have interposed a claim for the property; for he is peculiarly intrusted with the rights of pro-

a 3 Wiheat. Rep. 435.

OF THE UNITED STATES:
perty, while those of sovereignty are confided to 1823. the ambassador or public minister.
But, in the second place, if the public minister La Neeyda. of Spain alone can act, in a matter of this kind, he has acted here. An express written authority has been produced, from him to the consul, to claim in this very c.ase for the king of Spain. Surely if the king of Spain may come into Court to prosecute his rights, he may come by his attorney, his proctor, or his solicitor, as the case may require. The Canton of Berne once filed a bill in the English High Court of Chancery ;a and surely the Canton of Berne must have appeared by a solicitor. And how was this solicitor appointed ? Unquestionably as the proctor was in the present case, by the accredited minister of the sovereign.
2. He then proceeded to consider the principal questions in the cause, the first of which related to the validity of the commission under which the capture complained of was made, which he contended was invalid, and did not authorize the capture. The commission relied on is from Jose Artegas, styling himself " chief of the Oriental Republic," and "protector of the Orientals;" and the question is, whether any such republic, community, or government, is known to this Court. This depends upon their recognition by the government of this country, through the President, its constitutional organ for such purposes. This recognition certainly need not include Arte-
a 9 Va. 347.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. gas by name, as the chief of the supposed repubLa Nereyda. Slic, government, or community; because, when
once their existence is properly made known to this Court, the persons who from time to time act as their chief officers, must be taken to be so. But the government itpelf must have been acknowledged by the proper authority, before its existence can be noticed, or its acts treated as valid, by this Court. The question, then, is, has any such government as that of " the Oriental Republic," or " the Orientals," been recognised by the government of the United States ? For the decision of this question we must refer to the various acts of recognition which have been done by the President.
The only message of the President to Congress, which contains a distinct recognition of the different South American governments, is that of the 17th of November,. 1818.a It states, " that the government of Buenos Ayres declared itself independent in July, 1816, having previously exercised the powers of an independent government, though in the name of the king of Spain, from the year 1810. That the Banda Oriental,EntreRios, and Paraguay, with the city of Santa Fee, all of which are also independent, are unconnected with the present government of Buenos Ayres; that Chili has declared itself independent, and is closely connected with Buenos Ayres; that Venezuela has also declared itself independent, and now maintains the conflict with various
a A Wheaf. Rep. 4pp'x. 1ote IT. p. 24.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

135

success; and that the remaining parts of South 1823. America, except Monte Video, and such other por- -'* tions of the eastern bank of the La Plata, as are La Nereyda. held by Portugal, are still in the possession of Spain, or in a certain degree under her influence."
Here we find various countries distinctly enumerated, of some of which the governments are noticed, but no mention whatever of the " Orientals," or the " Oriental Republic." A country
called the " Banda Oriental," indeed, is mentioned, and we may conjecture, but are no where informed, that it constitutes the whole, or a part of this supposed republic. It is mentioned in connexion with two other countries, called " EntreRios," and " Paraguay." Do they, also, form parts of " the Orientals," of whom Jose Artegas is the protector; or of the " Oriental Republic," of which he claims to be the chief? We are no where informed by the President; and although it might be plausibly conjectured, yet we know the fact to be otherwise. Paraguay, we know, historically, to be altogether separate from the Banda Oriental, and to have a chief of its own, one Francia, who is said to style himself " consul," and to conduct his government according to the forms of the Roman Commonwealth. Venezuela is spoken of in the message as a distinct community, and we know it by that name. Chili is mentioned in the same manner, as- a distinct community of that name, and, consequently, capable of having a government. Three other countries, or communities, are named in connexion ; but we are not

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. informed whether they constitute the territory of

e La Nereyda.

one

government,

of two,

or

of three

; and

no

men-

tion

whatever is made of any such government,

community, or people, as the " Orientals," or the

"Oriental Republic."

We are, then, left wholly in the dark by the

President on this point; and we cannot look be-

yond his messages for information, which he -alone

is authorized to give. We cannot look to the re-

ports of the commissioners for the recognition of

this. government. This recognition"appertains to

the Presidefit alone, as the constitutional organ qf

the nation for all such purposes. He has, indeed,

thought fit to lay before Congress the reports of

the commissioners, as his justification for the step

which he took, in recognising some of these

governments, and for declining to recognise

others. But he cannot have intended by this act,

to transfer the decision of this great question of

national policy to this Court, or to any other de-

partment of the government; and if he had in-

tended to do so, it was not in his power. And

if we look to the reports of the commissioners,

we shall find abundant matter to justify the Presi-

dent in forbearing to recognise this pretended

government. These reasons exist in its unsettled,

irregular, and ephemeral character. We were

fully informed, by these reports, of the existence

and pretensions of Artegas, of the nature of his

government, and the countries over which it claim-

ed to extend. One of the reports, that of Mr.

Rodney, speaking of the people of the Banda

Oriental, and Entre-Rios, says, that they " have

OF THE UNITED StATES.

137

been compelled to give up every thing like civil 1823.

avocations, and to continue without any reulzr1-0"v

kind of government, under the absolute control LalerydL

of a chief, who, whatever may be his political

principles or professions, in practice concentrates

all power, legislative, executive, and judga in

himself."

-3. But, admitting the commission to be valid,

there was no valid condemnation of the property

captured under its authority.

The paper produced as a condemnation, pur-

pofts to be the sentence of a Prize Court of Vene-

zuela, sitting at Juan Griego, or Gregorio, in the

island of Margaritta, within the territory of that

republic. It is objected to this condemnation,

first, that it is not proved; and, secondly, that it

was pronounced by a Court which had no jurisdic-

tion.

The objection to the proof rests on two grounds.

In the first place, the sentence is not certified

under the seal of any Court, or by aay person who

appears, or is stated or proved to be, the officer of

any Court. The person who certifies this sen-

tence, is stated, and proved to be, " the notary of

the Marine at Juan Griego, in Margaritta ;" but we

are no where informed, that he is charged with,

or executes the functions of clerk or register of

the Admiralty Court, whose sentence this pur-

ports to be, or that he is in any manner em-

ployed by it, or authorized to authenticate its

proceedings.

In the next place, this sentence, admitting it to

be properly authenticated, appears alone. It is

VOL. VIII.

is

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. unaccompanied by any part of the proceedings ' in the cause in which it purports to have been pro-
La Nereyda. nounced. Before the sentence, decree, or judg-
ment of any Court whatever, can be given in evidence, it must be shown, that it was pronounced in a cause depending before that Court, and within its jurisdiction. This is a universal rule, and applies, for the plainest reasons, to the decisions of Prize Courts, and of all other Courts of justice. Without the production of. the proceedings, it will always be impossible to ascertain whether the Court bad jurisdiction of the case ; 4 point always, and in all cases, examinable, andwhich must always be established, before the sentence, judgment, or decree, can be given in evidence. For this reason, the libel and claim, in admiralty and prize cases, must be prodirced, in order to let in the sentence. SNot being produced here, the sentence, however kell authenticated, must be disregarded.
But if received, it can produce no effect; because, it appears, on its -face, to be the sentence of a Court which had no jurisdiction in the dase which it undertook to adjudicate. -
The commission under which the vessel and cargo in question were captured, as prize of war, was, granted by Artegas, as chief of the Orientals, and protector of the Oriental Republic ; a government which, if it have any such existence as can be noticed here, is entirely distinct from that of Venezuela, in the Prize Court of which, sitting at Juan Griego, in the island of Margaritta, the condemfiation took place. But, it is said, that Venezuela was the ally of Artegas in the war ; and that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

18g

the Prize Court of an ally may condemn. We 1823. deny both these positions.
How does it appear, that Venezuela was the La NeroYo. ally of Artegas ? The fact is not stated by the President in any of his public communications to Congress. Nor do the commissioners to South America, whose reports he communicated to the legislature, say any thing of such an alliance, or any thing from which it must, or even could be inferred. The President, indeed, states to Congress, as the commissioners had done to him, that both Artegas and Venezuela were at war with Spain. But, does it follow, that they were in alliance with each other? We have lately learned, that war has broken out between the Turks and the Persians. It may very soon break out between Russia and the Turks. Will the Rissians and Persians, in that case, be pso facto allies in the war against Turkey ? Alliance means a connected union of efforts and means; and not merely an accidental coincidence of objects. It follows, that the President, by declaring to Congress that Artegas and Venezuela were both engaged in war with Spain, did not declare that Artegas and Venezuela were allies. But, admitting that he had declared it, still his declaration would not be competent evidence of such a fact. When the question relates to the existence of a
government, it is proper to refer it to the decision of the chief magistrate, who is intrusted by the constitution with the care and management of our relations with other countries and governments; he must, of necessity, therefore, be constituted the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. judge, and the sole judge, of the fact of their exSistence, upon which the exercise of these impor-
Eia Nereyda. tant functions must depend. As these relations,
moreover, must often depend on the state of peace or war in which foreign governments may be, as it respects each other, it may be proper that the President should be constituted, for many purposes, the judge, and even the sole judge, of the existence ofa state of war between certain nations; because, out of such a state may grow very important relations between us and them. But what relations can arise out of the fact of their being allies in the war, or each carrying it on separately, by his separate counsels and means ? None whatever. It is a mere matter of fact, which, like any.,other matter, may affect the rights or interests of individuals, but cannot, in any way, become a public concern. Those, consequently, who may wish to set it up, in the course of a judicial proceeding, as the foundation of any right or claim, must prove it, as every other fact is proved. As well might it be attempted to prove, by an executive communication, the fact of capture, or of spoliation of papers, or any other fact on which either party in a prize proceeding might rely, as this fact of an alliance between Artegas and Venezuela, in the war against Spain.
Admitting It, however, to be proved, it immediately brings up the second question, whether the Prize Courts of one ally are competent to take cognizance of captures made under commissions from the other. We insist that they are not, ac-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

cording to the best established principles of prize 1823.

law. In

this

opinion,

the

most

eminent

advocates,

the -L a

N

y&

soundest elementary writers, and the highest judi-

cial tribunals, with one voice, unite. They all lay

it down as an elementary principle, universal in

its application, and subject to no exception, that

the question of " prize, or no prize, belongs ex-

clusively to the Courts of the captors' country."

In the case of the Invinwible,a that most eminent

and distinguished advocate, now unhappily no

more, who so long adorned and enlightened this

Court, and whose opinions had almost acquired

the authority of judicial decisions, treats this rule

as an axiom, about which there could be no dispute.

Mr. PINKNEY there says, that " if there be any

rule of public law better established than another,

it is, that the question of prize is solely to be deter-

mined in the Courts of the captors' country. The

report on the memorial of the king of Prussia's

minister, refers to it as the customary law of the

whole civilized world. The English Courts of

prize have recorded it; the French Courts have

recorded it; this Court. has recorded it. It per-

vades all the adjudications on the law of prize,

and it lays as an elementary principle at the very

foundation of that law."

The judgment of this Court, in the same case,

fully supports the doctrine. It speaks of a sen-

tence as prize under a commission from a power

a i Wheat. Rep. 246.

CASES 2N THE SUPRE1UE COURT
1823S. at war, as the " act of the sovereign ;" as entitled
Nereyd. to exemption from scrutiny, " except in the Courts of that sovereign ;" and as not subjecting the captors to any question whatever in any other Court, till those of. his sovereign shall have decided, that the seizure was not authorized by the commission. It expressly asserts, that " the exclusive cognizance of prize questions is yielded to the Courts of the captfiring power;" and admits this exclusive cognizance as a general principle. So, in the case of the Estrella,"the Court says: "we have been told, as heretofore, that to the Courts of the nation to which the captor belongs, and from which his commission issues, exclusively appertains the right of adjudicating on all captures and questions of prize. This is not denied, nor has the Court ever felt any disposition to intrench on this rule; but, on the contrary, whenever it occurred, as in the case of the Invincible, it has been governed by it." It is stated to -be a rule " well established by the customary and conventional law of nations ;" and the reasons on which it rests are stated in a clear and satisfactory manner. The rule is thus placed on three grounds: (.) The dignity of the sovereign who grants the commission; which would be impaired, if any tribunal but those authorized by himself were permitted to take cognizance of the acts done under that commission; in other words, if any one but himself were allowed to superintend the conduct of his agents and offi-
a S IYAheat. Rep. 308.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

143

cers; (2.) The efficient restraint and control of 1823. those officers and agents; to whom a power most ',V liable to abuse is confided bythe prize commission; La Nereyda. and, (3.) The responsibility of their sovereign and nation, for the acts of unlawful violence which they may commit against neutrals, should those acts be sanctioned by their own government, through its Prize Courts. Undoubtedly, all these reasons, and especially the two first, require, that the cognizance of questions of prize should be confined exclusively to the Courts of the captors' country; and these reasons apply as strongly to the Courts of an ally, as to those of a neutral. The Courts of the ally, like those of the neutral, are destitute of the means of inflicting punishment on the captor, if, in making the seizure, he have violated the instructions of his government, acted contrary to its general policy, or exceeded the authority conferred by the commission. Equally with the Courts of a neutral, they are without the means of ascertaining what was the policy of the commissioning government, or its general rules and regulation s, or what particular instructions accompanied the commission. It is the practice of every government to require sureties from those to whom it grants commissions of prize, for their proper conduct under the commission, and for the observance of their instructions. These sureties must reside in the country where the commission is granted. Consequently, they must be out of the reach of the government and Courtu of an ally, as much as of a neutral; and, consequently, the security must be wholly unavailing, if the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823; prizes made under the commission, or by colour of o _v . it, may be carried into the ports of an ally, and L N "a'..adjudicated in his Courts. Not being able to
reach the sureties, they would be equally unable to reach the property of the principal offender, which would, also, be in.his owitcountry. No decree for damages, or even for costs, however flagrant the case might be, could be enforced against his sureties, or his property. Nothing would be left but the imprisonment of his person; and, as he would have offended *against no law of the ally, would' have infringed none of its orders or instructions, it would be extremely doubtful, at least, how far any penal proceedings could be supported against his person. All that could be done, would be, to rescue his illegally acquired booty from his grasp, by a sentence of restitution. It is easy. to see how utterly inadequate this remedy must often prove, and how greatly the temptation to take the chance of succeeding in an illegal and unauthorized seizure must be increased, by such a state of impunity.
It cannot escape observation, that no where, by no writer or advocate, nor in any adjudged case, is any distinction taken, or hinted at, between the case of an ally, and that of a neutral, in the application of this rule. It is every where laid down absolptely, and withput exception; and in a very recent case, the Josepha Secunda,a it is taken for granted by this Court, and forms the basis of its decision.
a 5 Wheat. Rep. 358.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
If we advert to the foundation of the prize juris- 1823. diction, we shall find reasons equally strohg, for confining it exclusively to the Courts of the c La Nereyda. tors' country. This jurisdiction is declared by this Court, in the case of Hudson v. Guestir,a to he founded entirely on the " possession" of the res catpta. " The seizure vests the possession in the sovereign of the captor, and subjects the vessel to the jurisdiction of his Courts." And, again; " possession of the res by the sovereign, has be'en considered as giving jurisdiction to his Courts." Now, let it be asked, who had possession of the Nereyda while she lay at Ju n Griego ? Certainly not -the government of Venezuela; but that of Artegas, through its agent and officer, the commander of the capturing vessel. This Court asserts most positively, in the case just cited, "that, the possession of the chptor is, in principle, the possession of his sovereign"- They add, " he, the captor, is commissioned to seize in the name of the sovereign, and is as much an officer appointed for that service, as one who,in the body of a county, serves a civil process." Then the possession of the res capta.was in the government of Artegas; and as it is the possession of the r s by the sovereign that gives jurisdiction to his Courts, it follows inevitably, that the Courts of Venezuela, the government of which had no possession of the captured property, could take no cognizance of the capture ; and, consequently, that the sentence of the Court of Juan Griego is

Vol,. VJIT:

a 4 Cranchs Rep. 296, 297. 19

146

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. void, for want of jurisdiction in the Court by

\

which it was pronounced.

La Nereyda. Let it not be imagined, that the possession was

altered, or izr any manner affepted, by the bringing of the captured property into the port of the
ally. This Court has emphatically declared, in the same case before cited, that " the sovereign whose officer has, in his name, captured a vessel as prize of war, remains in possession of that vessel, and has full power over her so long as she is in a situation in which that possession cannot be rightfully devested." The. same doctrine is asserted by all the Judges, in the case of Rose v. Himely, although there was much difference of opinion among the Judges on other points. Could, then, this possession have been rightfully devested by the government of Venezuela, within whose territory the captured vessel had been brought? In the case of a neutral territory, this Court has expressly adjudged, in Hudson v. Guestier, that it could not. Upon what principle, then, could it be devested by the government of an ally? Ought not the captor to have as much immunity, as much safety, as many privileges in the ports of his friend and ally, his co-belligerent, as in those of a mere neutral ? How could he be deprived of the possession ? It could only be by an act of violence; and that, ex vi termini, would be wrongful. So far from being rightful,it would
be an act of hostility and war. But might not the captor, it may be asked, part

a 4 tranch'sRep. 269.

b 4 Cranch'8 Rep. 297.

OF THE UNITED.STATES.

147

from h4s possession, ant transfer it to the doye- I W. reign of the ally, so as to give jurisdiction to thie
Courts of the latter? 1 4nswer, that he could Ix Nerfd. not; because, the possession belongs to his sovereign, and not to him. He is merely the agent of the sovereign, for taking and holding the possession; and having no authority to transfer the possession, he could not rightfully transfer it, so as to afflet the right of his sovereign, to whQm it belongs. It would be a breach of faith and ditty, in him, to make the transfer; and to accept it would be a wrongful act on the part of the allied sovereign, upon which, according to a universal prinQiple of law, no right could be founded. The captor, it is true, hp an interest in the prize, by the grant of his sovereign; but, until a legal condemnation, that interest is inchoate and contingent. In the mean time, he has no power oyer it, except that of conducting it into a place ofrsafety, and keeping it safely, till it can be brought to adjudication in the Courts of his sovereign.
The treatise of Dr. Brown on the Civil and Admiralty Lawa and the case of Oddy v. Bovill, in the English Court of K. B.,b have been cited on the other side, to show that the Courts of one ally
paytake cognizance ofprizes made under the com,missions of the other. But Dr. Brown cites no au-
thority, and offers no reasons in support of his doe-. trine; which is evidently a mere mistake, arising from his having confounded the Courts of an ally with Prize Courts of the capturing power, sitting

a Vol. 1I. p. 257.281.

b 2 East's Rep. 479.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823.. within the territory of his ally. This was the Scase in Oddy v. Bovill, and in the cases there
La Nereyda. cited from Robinson's Reports. The case of
Oddy v. Bovill related to a Danish vessel, captured by the French, and condemned by the French consul at Malaga, exercising there, by the consent of Spain, the powers of a Prize Courtof France, at a time when those two nations were at war against Great Britain. as allies. The question was, whether the condemnation was valid; in other words, whether the French Prize Court had jurisdiction of the case. The decision of the Court of K. B. (two Judges only being present,) was in favour of the jurisdiction. It might here be remarked, that the determination of an English Court of common law, on such a question, made long since our independence, possesses no intrinsic authority here; and that a single case, decided by two Judges only, out of four, or rather out of twelve, has very little authority any where. But, waiving these objections, let it be asked, to what does this decision really amount ? Does it affirm the principle contended for; that the Prize Courts of one ally may take cognizance of questions of prize, arising under captures made by the other? Certainly not. It establishes nothing more than this; that one ally may, with the assent of the other, establish Prize Courts of his own, within the territory of that other. This is obviously a, very different principle, and entirely free from the objections to which the other is liable. It preserves entire, that great and beneficial rule of publie law, founded on the most solid reasons of gene-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ral safety, convenience, and benefit, that questions 1825. of prize shall be exclusively reserved to the Courts of the captors' country. The French Court sit- La Nexeyd ting in Malaga, was as much a French Court, to all intents and purposes, as if it had sat in Marseilles or Brest. Its location in a Spanish port, was a matter in which Spain alone had any concern. It was wholly indifferent to the opposite belligerent, and to neutrals. Its proceedings and decrees were exactly the same in the one case as in the otier. The dignity of the French government was as well preserved, the Court had the same control over the captors, the same means of judging how far their conduct was conformable to the instructions, laws, and policy of their government, and the same means of enforcing decrees against them, for costs and damages. Recourse could as effectually be had to their property or their sureties ; and, in case of need, to their government, for redress. The rule is, theref6re, maintained in this case, and all its-beneficial objects are secured. Whereas, by extending this jurisdiction to the Courts of the ally, this great and beneficial rule is wholly subverted.
These remarks on the case of Oddy v. Bovfil, apply fully to those which are there cited from Robinson's Reports. The first of them, that of the Ckhrist&pher,a by no means comes up to the case jusi commented on. It was the case of a British ship taken by the French, and carried into a port of Span, then the ally of France; from
a 2 Rob. 273.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
j823. whence the papers were sent to BayoiuieinFrance. \ ", ' The ship was there libelled in the Prize Coart, La Nereyda. and condemned; and the objection to the validity
of this condemnation, was not that it was pronounced by the Court of an ally, or by a Court of the captors' government sitting in the territory of an ally; but that when it was pronounced, the res ,capta was within the territory of the ally.. This objecton was overruled by Sir W. Scott, on the principle repeatedly affirmed by this Court, that -thepossession of the captor, for, and in behalf of -:his government, which, is the foundation of the prize jurisdiction, continued in the country of the
,ally. This principle, after much hesitation., was afterwards extended by him in the case of the I enrick and Ajaria,; to the case of captured property carried into a neutral port, and lying there when it was condemned in a Court of the captors* ,countiy. He declared his own opinion to be different, but held himself bound by a practice long established in the Court where he presided.
The other cases from Robinson, relied on in Oddy v. Bovill, are those of the HYarmony, the Adelaide, and the Betsey Cruger. They are all referred to in a note to the ease of the Christopher,b and were all cases of condemnations by French Prize Courts, sitting in the territory of Holland, while that power was an ally of France, in the war against Great Britain. The vessels were all condemned by the French commissary of Marine, at Rotterdam. The two first cases

a 4 Rob, 5)2.

2 2 Rob. 172.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
occurred in 1799 ; and an order for farther proof 1823. being passed, the question of law respecting the 1'v legality of such condemnations was reserved. In La NeraydL the third case, that of the Betsey Cruger,in 1800, it was given up by the counsel, and the legality of the condemnation was admitted by the Court. But, still, it was a condemnation, not by the Court of the ally, as in the case at bar, but by the Court of the captors' country, in strict conformity to the rule for which we contend.
Some general expressions of Sir W. Scott, in pronouncing his judgment in the case of the Chrisopher,are supposed to countenance the doctrine of condemnation by the Courts of an ally. But these expressions must be modified and restrained by reference to the subject matter. He was speaking of a case of condemnation by a Court of the captors' country, sitting in that country, while the res capta was in the territory of an ally. To such a case alone was his attention directed; and in reference to such a case alone are his expressions to be considered. Taken, as they must be, with this limitation, they leave untouched the rule for which we contend.
It has been urged, on the other side, that the mere presence of the captured property in the territory of Venezuela, then at war with Spain, gave its Courts a right to treat that property as enemy's property, and to proceed against it as prize. But we are to recollect, that this property was brought there by the captors, in the possession of whose government it was, by force of*the seizure: and that this possession. thus acquired,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. could not rightfully be devested or disturbed. The v property did not come thither as the property of
La Nereyda. Spain, the enemy of Venezuela; but as the pro-
perty of the captors, her allies, from whom she had no right, or pretence f right, to take it by force. The sovereign of the captors had the possession. The right of the original owner was provisionally devested and destroyed by the capture ; and, in this state of things, it could not be considered, or proceeded against, by the government of Venezuela itself, and much less by its Prize Courts, as the property of Spain. Venezuela herself"considered the matter in this light. She did not interfere with the possession of the captors, or their rights of property. Her Courts merely attempted, at the instance of the captors, and for their benefit, to exercise, in relation to this property, that prize jurisdiction which belonged exclusively to the Courts of their own country.
4. Admitting, however, the sentence of condemnation to be valid'; there is still another ground on which the claim set up under it ought to be rejected by this Court. It is admitted that Daniels is a citizen of the United States, resident with his family in Baltimore ; and it is in proof, that the vessel with which he made this capture, was fitted out, armed, and manned in the Chesapeake. If, then, he shall appear to be the real claimant, and not Francesche, in which name Childs professes to claim, his case is exposed to the full operation of that maxim of law, which declares, that no rights can be founded on a wrong: Quod ex mnaleficio non oritur actio. He appears, in that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

153

case, in a Court. of the United States, to ask its 182 aid in the asser"tion of a claim founded on a direct La- Wereyda. violation of our laws and treaties. The acts of Congress expressly forbid, under severe penalties, the armament of vessels within our territory, by our citizens or others, to cruise against any' nation with whom we are at peace ; and the fourteenth article of the treaty of 1795, with Spain, expressly stipulates, that no American citizen shall take a. commission from any foreign power, to cruise'against Spain, her people or property, on pain of being treated as pirates. Although it might-be difficult, as this Court remarked on a former occasion, to enforce the penalty of piracy against Daniels, there can be no doubt that, if he be the real claimant, his claim is founded on his violation of the laws and treaties of his own country.
Here the learyied counsel argued minutely upon the facts, to show, that the alleged sale to Francesche was fraudulent, or had never taken place. He also insisted upon the want of a bill of sale, or some equivalent document, as a fatal objection to the claim of the pretended purchaser.a
5. If, however, Francesche must be considered as a real purchaser for himself; and our objections to the commission under which the capture was made, and to the condemnation founded on it, are to be regarded as invalid; we still insist, that the captured property ought to be restored,

a The Bello Corranes, 6 Whieat. Rep. 170. id. 239.

VOL. VUL

20

The Conception,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. on the ground ot the illegal outfit of the capturing ~ vessel. Here we are met by two objections; one
La Nereyda. founded on the condemnation in the Prize Court
of Venezuela, by which it is alleged, that all inquiry on the subject is closed ; and the other on the commission of prize granted by the government of Venezuela to the captured vessel, after the condemnation.
The first of these objections rests on the ground, that both the capture and the condemnation are valid. We have endeavoured to show, that neither of them is so; because the Oriental Republic, of which Artegas, in granting the commission under which the capture was made, claims to act as the chief, is not a government acknowledged by ours, so as to be known to our Courts of justice ; and because the Prize Court of Venezuela had no jurisdiction of the capture, admitting it to have been rightfully made. But if the capture and condemnation be free from these objections, what is the effect of the sentence in withdrawing from our Courts the power of protecting and enforcing our neutrality ? This is a momentous question, novel in itself, and of the utmost importance in its consequences to the peace and honour of this nation.
In discussing it we must first turn our attention to the peculiar state of things to which it applies, to the nature of the war out of which it arises, and to the character and structure of the Courts for whose decisions such an effect is claimed.
In adverting to the state of things to which this question applies, we cannot but remark, that the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
nations of South America, now engaged in war 182. against Spain, a'-e composed of colonies heretofore kept in a most rigid and slavish state of de- La Neryd& pendence on the, mother country, and studiously debarred from all means of acquiring general know dge, habits of self-government, or an acquaintance with the raes 4nd principles of public law, as practised or acknowledged by civilized States.- Hence, they may be expected to be, and are, in fact; much more anxious to find means of ahnoying their enemy, than capable of judging how far thoee means might be consistent with the rights of neutral and friendly nations. They are, moreover; wholly" destitute of the elements of maritime power. Their former masters restrained them from commerce, shipbuilding, and navigation; for all of which, indeed, their 'country, from its want of ports, is peculiarly unfit. Their pursuits and habits are essentially agricultural. They are destitute of ships, equipments, shipbuilders, and mariners; For a naval force, consequently, the want of which they have always severely felt, they must look to foreigners; and there are none so near as the United States, or so ready to aid them, as that portion of our maritime population, which is ever more eager for enterprise and gain, than scrupulous of means.
The manner in which the war has been carried on between the South Americans and Spain, and in which it will, no doubt, continue to be carried on, while it exists, is peculiarly calculated to inflame the resentments of both parties, and to rend6r each more and more eager to seize on every

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. means of distressing its enemy. The South Amev ricans, too, from the infant state and imperfection La Neyda. of their systems of finance, the disturbed state
of their country, and their great sacrifices and efforts, are extremely deficient in revenue, and little able to maintain, or to provide a regular naval force for the public service. They cannot take North American vessels into pay, and commission them as public ships. Their only resource, consequently, is to engage and encourage private adventurers, by granting them privateering commissions; and they, unfortunately, find multitudes in this country, who, through lust of gain, or a restless and irregular spirit of enterprise, catch eagerly at this bait. The profits of these irregular adventures depend, almost entirely, on the power of bringing the prizes into the United States; where alone they can find an adequate and advantageous market. Our laws inflict restitution to the former owners, as one of the means, and by far the most efficacious, of restraining these proceedings, so incompatible with our honour, peace, and true interest. Our Courts rigorously and succespfully enforce this penalty of restitution. The other, and more penal enactments, are much more easily eluded, by the various artifices and subterfuges which such persons know but too well how .to employ. An attempt is now made to elude this penalty also, by the intervention of South American Courts of Prize. Let this attempt succeed; let such a sentence as that now relied on, be once declared by this Court to be a bar to all inquiry concerning the violation of our laws, our treaties,

OF THE UNITED STATE9.
and our neutral obligations, by means of which 1823. a capture may have been effected; and what prize, seized by forces provided or augmented in La Neryda. our ports, will ever enter them unprovided with such a se tence ? Can we shut our eyes to the character and composition of the Courts where these decrees are pronounced ; to the course of proceeding by which they are produced; to the means by which they may be, and in fact are, procured F Can we conceal from ourselves what has passed in this very case, and the manner in which the sentence relied on appears to have been obtained ? Can we forget what has passed on this subject, in other cases which have been heard during the present term ? With all these instructive lessons before our eyes, can we declare, that the doctrine of the conclusiveness of the sentences of Prize Courts will apply, under such circumstances as are connected with this class of cases, and to such an extent as to shut out all inquiry into those antecedent violations of our laws, in which the captures originated? If such a declaration shall be made by this high tribunal, pronouncing, in the last resort, the maritime law of the country, most certainly no future capture will be made under a South American commission, the fruits of which will not find their way hither immediately, clothed with this protecting mantle; and this certainty of success, and impunity, will multiply tenfold the number of depredators, armed and equipt in our ports, to sally forth and seize the property of our neighbours, our friends, and our own citizens.

CASES IN, THE SUPREMB COURT

182.

That we are at liberty to look to considerations

v of this sort, in the application of established La Nere da. maxims, and rules of law, to new combinations of

circumstances, is not only manifest from the nature of the thing, and the general practice of all Courts in analogous cases, but has been emphatically asserted by one of the members of this-.tribunal, in a verylearned and elaborate judgment, which contains many important principles, and cannot fail to attract.great attention.a
Our laws'against arming and equipping vessels in our waters, to cruise against our friends, cannot be enforced; our treaties on this subject cannot

be executed; our peace and our honour cannot be preserved ;-if it shall be adjudged by this Court, that a sentence of condemnation such as this, precludes all inquiry into the measures and means by which the force for making the capture was provided. Considerations of such magnitude would justify and require a modification of the principle on which this doctrine of conclusiveness rests, in its application to cases of this description,

if it were so extensive as to embrace them. But we deny that it does embrace them. The

principle is merely this; that as Prize Courts are open to all the world, all the world are parties to a prize proceeding, and it, therefore, concludes all the world. There may be some objections to the terms in which this proposition is commonly stated, and to the correctness of the reasoning

a Per Mr. Justice STORY, in the case of the Jeune Eugenie since reported in the second volume of Air. MNaon's Reports.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

which it embraces; but it may be admitted to be true in relation to those matters, which come, or might have come, rightfully before the Prize Court. Such are all questions of prize or no prize, and all their incidents. But the rule haa never been held to extend, nor do any of the reasons, solid or fanciful, on which it rests, extend to matters which could not, or did not, come rightfully before the Prize Court pronouncing the sentence. Such are all cases where it had no jurisdiction. The point of its jurisdiction, though asserted by it ever so formally and positively, is always open to inquiry; and where it has gone beyond its jurisdiction, its acts are treated -as nullities. Why? Because those matters did not, and could not, come rightfully before it. So, its sentence will be disregarded, unless the libel on which it was founded be shown; because, without the libel, it cannot appear that there was jurisdiction; or, consequently, that the matters adjudicated came rightfully before the Court. Now, it is quite clear, that this violation of our neutral duties, and our laws, by providing or augmenting within our territory the force by which this capture was effected, never did come, and never could have come, before the Prize Court at Margaritta. That Court had no knowledge of our laws, and nothing to do with their enforcement. There neither was, norcould be, any party in the proceedings, who had a right to make the objection. It could not have been made by the former owners; who would have been told, and correctly told, that as they were enemies, their propertywas liable to condemnation,

1823.
La Ner yda.

160

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i823. however it might have been seized; that they had ' nothing to do with the mode, or the means of cap-
La Nereda. ture ; and that it belonged to the government of

the United States alone, whose rights were alleged to have been infringed, to assert and protect those rights, and to complain of the violation of its laws. This would have been a solid and sufficient answer to the former owners. As to the United States; they had not then acknowledged the government of Venezuela, and, consequently, could have no minister or diplomatic agent there, to interpose for the protection of their rights. The question, therefore, never could have been raised or adjudicated in the Prize Court of Venezuela, which had no jurisdiction over it, nor any means of bringing it into judgment. The sentence, consequently, of thi' Prize Court, is not conclusive on the question
of antecedent violations of cur laws, committed by making the capture, or preparing 6r augmenting the force by means of which it was made. These violptions formed no part of the question of prize or no prize, or of any of its incidents; and, consequently, could never have come rightfully, and, in fact, did not come at all, before the Court pronouncing this sentence. Therefore they make
no part of the sentence, which is not in the least impugned or impeached by inquiring into them, or
inflicting on their, authors the penalty of restitution.
Where; indeed, is the difference between this and any other penalty, pronounced by our laws .against similar 'violators ? Will it be pretended
that we cannot proceed criminally against these'

OF THE UNITED STATES.

captors, for arming, fitting, or recruiting in our 1823. waters, because the fruits of their offence have been adjudged to them as prize, by the Prize La Nexyda.
Court of Venezuela? I presume not; and if the sentence cannot-screen them frqm one part of the punishmdent, upon what ground can it be considered as sufficient to screen them from another? Does this-Court, in ordering restitution, impeach the sentence, or meddle with it in any manner whatever ? Does it inquire whether the sentence was right or wrong ? Certainly not; but admitting, that the sentence rightly disposed of the question of prize or no prize, and all its incidents, it seizes the goods, when found within our jurisdiction, as forfeited by the violation of the law, and restores them-to the former ownbr as part of the penalty of this offence. This is the substance, although the form is different.
6. The last question in the cause is, whether the commission of prize, granted to this captured vessel by the.government of Venezuela, after the condemnation, can shut out all inquiry into the antecedent violation of our laws, by means of which the capture was effected.
Much of what has already been said, as to the effect of the condemnation itself, will apply here. We cannot but know how easily such commissions as this may be obtained, how readily they are granted, and how certainly every prize ship would be clothed with one, if it were pronounced here to have the effect of preventing all inquiry into the means or place of capture. *The mischief, indeed, thus produced, would be less formidable than the

VOL.YMI.

21

CASES JN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. other; because it would apply only to vessels,

'which

are by far the least important objects of

La Neeyd. capture; but as far as it goes, it would render our

laws for the preservation of our neutrality a complete nullity.
And upon what principle can it be contended, that a foreign commission of prize will produce such effects ? Upon the principle of comity, it is answered; upon the ground of implied assent, under which the public ships of friendly States come into our ports, and which protects them from molestation while here. But this immunity is granted so long as they comport themselves
well ; and has never been considered as protecting them from the consequences of violating our laws. To this point the case of the Cassiusais full and express. The Cassius was not merely a vessel bearing a French commission of prize, but a public ship bf the French government, regularly com-
missioned as a part of the French navy. But she had been fitted out within our territory, in contravention of our laws; and coming, afterwards, within oir jurisdiction, under the French flag, and a regular commission, she was proceeded against to forfeiture for this offence. The decision is cited, relied on, and sanctioned by this Court, in the case of the Invincible;' and it is declared, that " there could be no reason suggested for creating a distinction (in relation to the restitution of prizes made in violation of neutrality)

a I Dali. Rep. 121. 2 Dall.Rep. 36.5. b 1 WJwal. Rep. 253.

OF THE UNITED STATES;
between the national -and the private armed yes- 182. sels of a belligerent."
In this ease, indeed, of the Cassius, the vessel La Nereyda which was subjected to the operation of the law, notwithstanding her foreign commission, had herself committed the offence of illegal outfit. But this circumstance can make no difference in the application of the principle of comity, and implied license. If that principle would not protect the offending vessel herself, though clothed with a public commission, and the flag of the navy, a forti6ri,-Iapprehend it will not protect the spoil, the fruit of the offence. Why should it protect one more than the other ? One is the instrument of the offence, and the other is its product. The offence is committed in relation to both. To punish the offence, and by punishing to restrain its commission, is the object in both cases. This furnishes the reason of the application, which is as strong at least in one case as in the other, indeed, it is much stronger, as far as the practical consequences of the two acts are concerned; for the eapturing ship may avoid our ports after she has been well equipped; but the captured ship, which is either to be sold or equipped, must come here for a purchaser, or for equipment. Therefore, in every case, she will be sure to come under the protecting cover of a commission, if you once declare such a cover sufficient.
The cases of the Exchage,"and the Invincibe, have been relied on to support the doctrine

a 7 Craneh's Rxp. 116.

b I Wheal. Rq , 250.

164

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. of' immunity, in application to this case. But neiSther of them resemble it in its great and distin-
La Nereyda. guishing feature of violation of our neutrality.

The Exchange was an American vessel, seized by a French force at St. Sebastians, in Spain, aid conducted to Bayonne, where she was taken into the service of the French government, and regularly commissioned as a part of the French marine. She was, afterwards, sent to sea, and on her passage to the East Indies, was compelled to put into one of our ports by stress of weather. While. here, she was libelled by the former owner, on the ground, that she had been unlawfully
seized, and, consequently, that he never had been devested of his property. The French commander produced his commission; and the question was, whether this vdssel, not having been in any
manner connected, either as instrument or subject, with a violation of our neutrality, was protected by the comity of nations, and the implied
license under which she entered our waters. This is manifestly a question altogether different from that now under consideration. There was no violation of our laws, or our neutral obligations, as in the present case. The vessel had demeaned herself peaceably and correctly while within our territory; and though seized, undoubtedly, in a violent and unjustifiable manner, the seizure was not made by means acquired or increased within our territory. It was, in som6 measure, analogous to the case of a British, or a Portuguese vessel, seized on the high seas by a cruiser regularly fitted out in Venezuela, and comnissioned to cruise

OF THE UNITED STATES.
against Spain. We could not inquire into the 1825. ,legality of this seizure; which might be legal on the ground of unneutral conduct on the part of La . the captured vessel. Even if it were one of our own vessels, we could not institute this inquiry, but must, in both cases, remit the 'question to the domestic forum of the captor. But this case of the Exchange has no analogy whatsoever to the case now in question; where the demand of restitution is founded expressly on the violation of our neutrality, our treaties, and our laws.
Neither has the case of the Invincible any analogy to this. That was the case of a French privateer, taken by a British cruiser during the war between Great Britain and France, retaken by an American cruiser, we also being then at war with Great Britain, and brought by the recaptor into an American port, where he libelled her for salvage. While these proceedings were pending, a claim for damages was interposed by certain American citizens, who alleged, that the Invincible, before her capture by the British, had plundered them at sea. And the question was, whether-this claim could be sustained, or the claimant must be left to seek his remedy against the privateer, in the Courts of France. This Court decided, that the seizure of the American property was an exercise of the rights of war, which must depend for its justification or condemnation on the circumstances ofthe case. Consequently, that it involved -the question of prize or no prize, which belonged exclusively to the Courts of the captors' country. In this respect, they said, there was no

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. difference between the case of the Invincible, and ~ those of the Cassiusand the Exchange; that is,
La Nereyda. between a private armed ship, and a ship belong-
ing to the national marine. They were all parts of the public force, though raised and supported in different manners; and the legality or illegality of their conduct in making any capture, being a question of prize or no prize, equally belonged to the exclusive cognizance of their domestic tribunals. This principle,' it is quite clear, had no analogy to that now advanced in support of the claim of the captors. There was no illegal outfit. No violation of our neutrality, or our laws, was alieged or pretended. The act complained of was a capture, as of enemy's property, under a regular French commission, by a vessel regularly fitted out in the French territory. This capture might be a good prize, according to the law of nations, by reason of some unneutral Londuct in the owner, or his agents, which rendered him, pro tanto, a belligerent. Consequently, it was a simple question of prize or no prize, and was most correctly adjudged to belong exclusively to the Courts of the captors' country. But had a violation of our neutrality been alleged, either in making the capture, or in preparing the means of making it, the case would so far have resembled ours, and a different course would, no doubt, have been pursued.
March' 5th, The cause was continued to the next term, 182. under the following order for farther proof.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ORDER. This cause came on to be heard, on 182-. the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Maryland) La Nereyda. and on certain exhibits and depositions fied by consent, and was argued by counsel. On consideration wheredf, this Court doth DIRECT and ORDER, that the respondent have liberty to produce a copy of the libel :or other paper on which the sentence of condemnation in the proceedings mentioned was founded, or to acco6nt for the nonproduction of such document; and that the parties be at liberty to take any proof which may tend to show, that the sale of the Nereyda was or was not realand that Antonio Julio Francesche, in the proceedings mentioned, was orwas not a bonufidei purchaser for himself, and is, or is not, the present owner of the said vessel.

The cause was again argued by the same counsel, on the farther proof produced at the present term.

Rb. 7th,
182.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Cout. This cause was heard at the 'ast term, and an order was then made, requiring the claimant to prodt e a copy of the libel, or other paper on which the sentence was founded, or to account for the non-production of such document; and also requiring the production of farther proof of the reality of the asserted sale of the Nereyda, and of the proprietary interest of the asserted owner. The cause has now been argued upon the farther proof brought in by the parties, and stands for the judgment of the Court.

.farmh sa.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. The Nereyda.was a Spanish ship of war, and

xwas

captured by the privateer Irresistible, of which

La Nereyda. John D. Daniels was commander, and Henry

Childs, (the claimant,) a lieutenant, under an as-

serted commission of the Oriental Republic of

Rio de la Plata, and was carried into Margaritt,

in Venezuela, and there condemned as prize to the

captors by the Vice Adihialty Court of that island.

A sale is asserted io-have been there made of her

to the claimant, Francesche, after condemnation,

for the sum of thirty thousand dollars. She soon

afterwards left Margaritta, under the command of

Childs, who was the original prize master, and

arrived at Baltimore, the place of residence of

Childs and Daniels, who are both American citi-

zens; and her subsequent history, after seizure

and delivery upon stipulation or bail to the claim-

ant, shows, that she has continued exclusively

under the control, management, and direction of

the same persons.

Necessity of
producing the

The order to produce the libel, or to account fbr

libel, or other the omission, was made upon the fullest consider-
proceeding an-
terior to the ation by the Court. Whoever sets up a title under a sentence ofcondemnation, is bound to show, that the Court
condemnation,
sentence asel had Jurisdiction of the cause; and that the sen-

tence has been rightly pronounced upon the application of parties competent to ask it. For this purpose, it is necessary to show who are the captors, 'and how the Court has acquired authority to decide the cause. In the ordinary cases of belligerent capture, no difficulty arises on this subject, for the Courts of the captors have general jurisdiction of prize, and their adjudication is conclu-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sive upon the proprietary interest. But where, as 182S. in the present case, the capture is made by captors acting under the commission of a foreign La Nereyda. country, such capture gives them a right which no other nation, neutral to them, has authority to impugn, unless for the purpose of vindicating its own violated neutrality. The Courts of another nation, whether an ally or a co-belligerent only, can acquire no general right to entertain cognizance of the cause, unless by the assent, or upon the voluntary submission of the captors. In such a case, it is peculiarly proper to show the .jurisdiction of the Court by an exemplification of the proceedings anterior to the sentence of condemnation. And in all cases, it is the habit of Courts of justice to require the production of the libel, or other equivalent document, to verify the nature of the case, and ascertain the foundation of the claim of forfeiture
as prize. Notwithstanding tlib direct order for the pro-
duction of the libel in this case, none has been produced; nor has the slightest reason been given to account for its non-production. The general usage of maritime nations, to proceed in prize causes to adjudication in this manner, either by a formal libel, or by some equivalent proceeding, is so notorious, that the omission of it is not to be presumed on the part of any civilized government, which professes to proceed upon the principles of international law. How, then, are we to account for the omission in this case ? If, by the course of proceedings in Venezuela, a libel does not constitute any part of the acts of its Courts, that could

VOL. VIIL

22

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. be easily shown. The neglect to show this, or in aany manner to account for the non-production of
La Nereyda. the libel, if it exists, cannot but give rise to, unfavourable suspicions as to the whule transactioi. And where an order for farther proof is made, and the party disobeys its injunctions, or neglects to comply with them, Courts of Prize are in the habit of considering such negligence as contumacy, leading to presumptions fatal to his claim. We think, in this case, that the non-production of the libel, under the circumstances, would justify the rejection of the claim of Francesche. Upon the other point, as to the proprietary interest of Francesche under the asserted sale, there is certainly very positive testimony of witnesses to the reality of the sale to him, and to his ability to make .the purchase. And if this testimony stood alone, although it is certainly not, in all respects, consistent or harmonious, no difficulty would be felt in allowing it entire judicial credence. But it is encountered by very strong circumstances on the other side ; and circumstances will sometimes outweigh the most positive testimony. It is remarkable, that from the institution of this cause up to the present time, a period of nearly four years, Francesche has not, by any personal act, made himself a party to the cause. He has never made any affidavit of proprietary interest; he has never produced any document verified by his testimony; he has never recognised the claim made in his behalf; he has never, as far as we have any knowledge, advanced any money for the defence. of it. Yet, the brig is admitted

OF THE UNITED STATES.
to have been a valuable vessel, and was purchased, 1823.
as is asserted, for the large sum of thirty thousand dollars. Upon an order of farther proof, it is the La Nermyds. usual, and almost invariable practice, for the denwcheaotf pnreio.. claimant .to make proofs, on his own oat.h,o of his--prersiteI-srtyequ1i-la proprietary interest, and to give explanations of on fLter the pature, origin, and character of his rights, and proo of the difficulties Which surround them. This it is so much the habit of Courts of Prize to expect, that -thevery absence of such proofs always leads to considerable doubta. How are we to account for such utter indifference and negligence on the part of Francesche, as to the fate of so valuable aproperty? Is it consistent with the ordinary pru·dence which every 'man applies to the preservation of his own interest ? Can it be rationally explained, but upon the supposition, that his interest in this suit is nominal, and not real.
This is not all. Immediately after the ostensible sale to Francesche, the Nereyda was put in command of Childs, an American citizen, who was an utter stranger to him, as far as we have any means of knowledge, and sailed for Baltimore, the home port of the Irresistible, and the domicil. of Daniels and Childs. There is no evidence that she has ever revisited Margaritta, and there is positive evidence, that she has, for the three last years, been in habits of intimacy with the ports of the United States. Where are the owner's instructions, given to the master on his departure for Baltimore? Where is the documentary evidence of Francesche's ownership? Where are the proofs of his disbursements for the vessel

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. during her subsequent voyages? From the time Sof her voyage to Baltimore, she has remained
La Nereyda. under the management of Daniels, or Childs,-or
some other apparent agent of Daniels. She has undergone extensive repairs, her rig has been altered, heavy expenses have been incurred, and a new master has been appointed to her. Under whose authority have all these acts been done ? Where are the orders of Francesche for these acts? Daniels has con.stantly been connected with the vessel; he has superintended her repairs; he 'or his agents have paid the bills ; he is the reputed owner of the vessel; and he has been consulted as to the material operations. How can all these things be, and yet the real owner be a foreigner, a Venezuelian ? How can he be presumed to lay by, without any apparent interposition in the destiny of his own vessel ?
There are some other extraordinary circumstances in the case. The Nereyda arrived at Margaritta under the command of Childs, as prize master; and in a few days afterwards, Daniels arrived there with the Irresistible. The crew of the latter vessel run away with her; and Daniels then sailed in the Nereyda, in pursuit of the privateer, and of course on a voyage for his own peculiar benefit. How is this reconcilable with the supposition of a real sale to Francesche ? What intorest had the latter in regaining the Irresistible, or subduing a revolted crew? Why should his vessel, after that object was accomplished, have gone .to Baltimore ? Why should he intrust to strangers, for a voyage in which lie had tp appnreni in-

OF THE UNITED STATES,.

173

terest, so valuable a property ? If he made any 1823. contract for that voyage, why is not that contract produced? These are questions which it seemsLa Netaeyda.
very difficult to answer in any manner useful to the asserted proprietary interest of Francesche. Yet the facts, to which allusion is here made, are drawn from the farther proof of the claimant; and this farther proofl it is not immaterial to observe, comes not from Margaritta, where Francesche resided, and for aught that appears, still resides ; but from La Guayra, with which he is not shown to have any immediate connexion.
Looking, therefore, to all the circumstances of the case, the fact of the unchanged possession of the captors, the habits of the vessel, the apparent control of the propertyby Daniels, the utter absence of all proper documentary proofs of ownership, instructiohi, disbursements, and even connexion with her on the part of the claimant, we think that there is the strongest reasons to believe, that no real sale ever took place, and that the property remains still in the original captors, unaffected by the asserted transfer. The positive evidence is completely borne down by the strong and irresistible current of circumstantial evidence which op-
poses it. Upon both grounds, therefore, viz. the omis-
sion to produce the original libel, or account for its non-production, and the insifficiency of the proofs of proprietary interest, the Court are of opinion, that the cause must he decided against the asserted claim.
If this bc so. then. ag it is clear that the original

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT
1823. outfit of the privateer Irresistible was illegal, upon launt the principles already established by this Court,
V. . the property of the Nereyda remains in his maRousmier. jesty the King of Spain, and ought to be restored
accordingly. The decree of the Circuit Court is, therefore, reversed, and the Nereyda is ordered to be restored to the libellant, with costs of suit.
Decree reversed.
[CHAffcEarY. LETTERL OF ATTORLNEY.)
HUNT V. ROUSMAXIER's Administrators.
A lettet of attorney may, in general. be revoked by the party maklin it, and is revoked by his death.
Where it forms a part of a contract, and is a security for the performance of any act, it is usually made irrevocable in terms, or if not so made, is deemed irrevocable in law.
But a power of attorney, though irrevocable during the life of the party, becomes (at law) extinct by his death.
But if the power be coupled with an interest, it survives the person -giving it, and may be executed after his death.
To constitute a power coupled with an interest,there must be an interest in the tingitself,and not merely in the execution of thepower.
How far a Court of equity, will compel the specific execution of a contract, intended to be secured by an irrevocable power of attorney, which was revoked by operatidn of law on the death of the party.
The general rule, both at law, and in equity, is, that parol testimony . is hot admissible to vary a written instrument. But, in cases of fraud and mistake, Courts of equity will relieve. 1B seems, that a Court of equity will relieve in a case of mistake of
law merely.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

2M

force by the act of March 2,1811, c. 306. -thereby .1823. broke the condition of the bond given pursuant ''v . to the third s'ection of the statute of June 26th, mel 1812, c. 430. requiring " that the owners, officers, and crew, who shall be employed on board such commissioned vessel, shall and will observe the treaties and laws of the United States.
2. That where such breach- appears upon damurrer, the defendants cannot, by law; claim a hearing under the Judiciary Act of September 24th, 1789, c. 20. s. 26.
All which-is directed to be eertified to the.Circuit .Court of the United States for the first circuit and District of Maine.

[PRIZE.]
The EXPERISIENT.
In cases of collusive capture, papers found on board one captured vessel may be invoked into the case'of another captured on the same cruise.
A commission obtained by fraudulent 'k1pres6etation, will not vest the interests of prize.
But a collusive capture made undd- a cbrUdHisl~is not, per 8e,evidence that the"commission was frudqeutly obtained.
A collusive capture vests no title in the captors, not because the commission is thereby made void, but because the captors' thereby forfeit all title to the prize property.
APPEAL from the decree of the Circuit Court of Massachusetts, affirming the' decree of'the .District Court of Maine, by which the sloop Experiment, and cargo, were condemned to the United States, as having been collusively captured by

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. the private armed schooner Fly. The facts (so 4UExpori- far as necessary).are stated in the opinion of this
nat. Court.

Feb. i t& Mr. Webster, for the appellants, argued, that this case was distinguishable in its eircumatances from that of the George,a captured by the samn privateer, and adjudged by this Court to be a col-
lusive capture.

Mr. Pitman, for the United States, argued upon the facts with great minuteness and ability, to show, that the capture was made mala fide.
He, also, contended, that the captors, who had obtained their commission for the fraudulent purpose of violating the laws of the United States, and who had been detected by this Court in an attempt to impose on it in a former case,' could not be entitled to derive any benefit 'rom their
commission, even supposing the capture in the present instance not to be collusive. The Court had already settled certain principles analogous to that on which he insisted. Thus, it has been determined, that if a "neutral ship-owner lend his name to cover a fraud with regard to the cargo, this will subject the ship to confiscation.0 So, if a party attempt to impose, upon the Court by
knowingly or fraudulently claiming as his own, property belonging in part to others, he will not

a 1 Wheat. Rep. 4OF 2 Wheat. Rep. 278.
b 1b.
c The St. Nicholas, 1 Wheat. Rep. 417.
Wkiat. Rep. 236.

The Fortuna, 3

OF THE UNITED STATES.
be entitled to restitutiorl of that portion which he may ultimately establish as his own.' And in the case of the Anne, the Court distinctly reLuognisa the principle, that fraud will forfeit all rights to which captors might otherwise have been entitled under their commission.b He also cited authorities to show, that the Court would take notice of facts which came judicially into their view in the case with which this was so closely associated, and would severely scrutinize the conduct of the same parties in a similar transaction.4

26S
182s. movt.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a prize cause, brought by appeal from the Circuit Court of Massachusetts, affirming, pro foma, the decree of the District Court of Maine. The sloop Experiment, and cargo, are confessedly British property, and were cap. tured by the privateer Fly during the late war, and brought in port, and proceeded against by the captors in the proper Court, for the purpose of being adjudged lawful prize. No claim was filed in behalf of the captured; but the United States interposed a claim, upon the ground, that the capture was fraudulent and collusive, and the cargo was introduced into the country in violation of the non-importation acts then in force; which prohibited the importation of goods of British manufacture,

Feb. 141h.

( The Dos Hermanos, 2 Wh eat. Rep. 76. 6 3 Wheat. Rep, 448. c T4w Arg, I Rob. Rep. 158. The Juffiow Elbrecht, Id. 126.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

as the goods comprising this cargo certainly were.

T"hUe pEoxnperi-

the trial in -the Court below, the claim of

met the United States was sustained, and the capture

being adjudged collusive, a condemnation was decreed to the government. From that decree the captors have appealed to this Court; and the cause now stands for judgment as well upon the original evidence, as the farther proofs which have beeni produced by the parties in this Court.
The privateer is the same, whose conduct came
under consideration in the case of the George,reported in 1 Wheat. Rep. 408. and 2 Wheat. Rep. 278. and was there adjudged to have been collusive. The present capturQ was made during the same cruise, by the same crew, and about six days only before the capture of the George. Under an order of the Court, the original papers and proceedings in the case of the George,.have been invoked into this cause ; and atter a long-Interval,
during which the parties have had the most ample opportunities to clear the case of any unfounded suspicions, the decision of the Court upon the arguments at the bar, is finally to be pronounced.
At the threshold of the cause, we are met*by the question, whether a party claiming under a commission which he has obtained from the government by fraud, or has used in a fraudulent
manner, can acquire any right to captures made in virtue of auch commission. Undoubtedly a commission may be forfeited by grossly illegal conduct; and a commission fraudulently obtained, is,as to vesting the interests of prize, utterly void. But a commission may be lawfully obtained, al-

OF THE UNITED STATES.2

though the parties intend to use it as a cover for

illegal purposes. It is one thing to procure a

commission by fraud, and another to abuse it for

bad purposes. And if a commission is fairly ob-

tained, without imposition or fraud upon the offi-

cers of government, it is not void merely because

the parties privately intend to. violate, under its

protection, the laws of their country. The abuse,

therefore, of the commission, is not, per se, evi-

dence that it was 6riginally obtained by fraud

and imposition. The illegal acts of the parties

are sufficiently punished by depriving them of the

fruits of their unlawful enterprises. A collusive

capture conveys no title to the captors, not be-

cause the commission is thereby made void, but

because the captors thereby forfeit all title to the

prize property.

-And, after all, while the commission is unre-

yoked, it must still remain a question upon each

distinct capture, upon the evidence regularly be-

fore the Prize Court, whether there be any fraud

in the original concoction, or in the conduct of

the cruise. We cannot draw in aid the evidence

which exclusively belongs to another cause, to fix

fraud upon the transaction, unless so far as, upon

the general principles of prize proceedings, it

may be properly invoked. The present case, then,

must depend upon its own circumstances.

It cannot, however, escape the attention of the

Court, that this privateer has already been de-

tected in a gross case of collusive capture, on the

same cruise, and under the same commission.

This is a fact, of which, sitting as a Court of Ad-

VOL. VIIL

34

265
IM2. Mt.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1.823. miraity, we are bound to take notice ; and it cer-

v tainly raises
The EKperi-"

a presumption

of ill faith

in other

raw. transactions of the same parties, which can be re-

moved only by clear evidence of honest conduct.

Ifthe circumstances of other captures, during the

same cruise, are such as lead to serious doubts of

the fairness of their character, every presumption

against them is grbatly strengthened; and sus-

picions once justly excited in this way, ought not

to be easily satisfied. The captors have had full

notice of the difficulties of their. case, and after

an order for farther proof, which should awaken

extraordinary diligence, they cannot complain

that the Court does not yield implicit belief to new

testimony, when it comes laden with grave contra-

dictions, or is opposed by other unsuspected

proofs.

Many of the circumstances, which were thought

by the Court to be entitled to great weight in the

decision of the George, have also occurred in the

present case. The original equipment, owner-

ship, shipping articles, and conduct of the cruiser,

are of course the same. The stay at Machias,

the absence of Lieut. Sebor, the very suspicious

nature of his journey, the apparent connexion of

that journey with persons and objects in the imme-

diate vicinity of the place where the voyage of

the prize commenced, are distinctly in proof.

The bad equipment of the prize, her indiffdrent

condition, and small crew for the voyage, the pia-

ture of her cargo, and the flimsy pretences set

up for the enterprise, in the letters on board, are

circumstances of suspicion, quite as strongly made

OF THE UNITED STATES.

207

out as in the George. The conduct of the prize, 1823. during her ostensible voyage, was still more .stri- Tho Rxpeflking. She was far out of the ordinary course of the voyage, without any necessity, or even plaugible excuse. She chose voluntarily to sail along the American coast, out of the tract of her voyage, even at the moment when she affected to have notice that the Fly was on a cruise'; and she exposed herself to capture, in a manner that can scarcely be accounted. for, except upon the supposition of collusion. The pretence set up for this conduct, is exceedingly slight and unsatisfactory. The circumstances of the capture, too, as they come from the testimony of some of the captors, as well as from a disinterested witness, are not calculated to allay any doubt. Here, as in the George, all of the prize crew, excepting one, were dismissed without any effort to hold them as prisoners, and without any apparent reason for the dismissal. And if the testimony of one of the captors is to be believed, there is entire proof that the prize was long expected, and came as a known friend under preconcerted signals. It may be added, that the testimony of the captors is, in some material respects, inconsistent; and if the testimony of two disinterested and respectable witnesses is to be credited, the master of the prize, in opposition to his present testimony, admitted, in the most explicit manner, that the capture was collusive.
We do not think that it would conduce to any useful purpose to review the evidence at large. It appears to us to be a case. where the circum-

268

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18Z25. stances of collusion are quite as strong, if not Spring Sstronger, than in the George. And we are there-
V. fore of opinion, that the decree of condemnation

S. C.Ins. of the prize and her cargo, to the United States, Company. ought to be affirmed, with costs.

[(n.CrAYr~. LizEN. Ass5GNM1ENT.)
SETH SPRiN, and Sons, Appellants,
V.
The SOUTH CAROLINA IN.SURANCE COMPANY, GRAY
& PINDAR, WILLIAM LINDSAY, and JOHN HAS-
LETT, Respondents.
An insolvent debtor has a right to prefer one creditor to another in payment by an assignment bonafide made, and no subsequent attachment, or subsequently acquired lien, will avoid the assignment.
Such an assignment may include choses in action, as a policy of insurance, and will entitle the assignee to receive from the underwriters the amount insured in case of a loss. It is not necessary, that the assignment should be accompanied by an actual delivery of the policy.
Upon a bill of interpleader, filed by underwriters against the different creditors of an insolvent debtor, claiming the fund proceeding from an insurance made for account of the debtor, some on the ground ef speeit1 liens,.and others under the assigniment, the rights of the respective parties will be determined. But, on ro.ch a: bill, those of the co-defendants who fail in establishing any right to the fund, are not entitled to an account from the defendant whose claims are allowed, of the amount and origin of those claims.
On a bill of interpleader, the plaintiffs are in general entitled to their costs out of the fund. Where the money is not brought into Court, they must pay interest upon it.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

676

States has also declared, that in suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved. Any attempt to set up the wager of
law, would be utterly inconsistent with this acknowledged right. So that the wager of law, if it ever had a legal existence in the United States, is now completely abolished. If, then, we apply the rule of the. common law to the present case, we shall arrive, necessarily, at the conclusion, that the action of debt does lie- against the executor, because the testator could never have waged his law in this case.
Upon the whole, the judgment of the Circuit Court is affirmed, with 6 per cent. damages, and costs.

1825. Si
Haywood.

(PRAXcTICE. PLE.&DINGS.]
SIGLAR and NALL, Administrators of WILLIAM NALL, deceased, Plaintiffs in Error,
V.
JOHN HAYWOOD, Public Treasurer of the State of North Carolina, Defendant in Error.
An executor or administrator is not liable to a judgment beyond the assets to be administered, unless he pleads a false plea.
If he fail to sustain his plea of plene administravi4 it is not necessarily a false plea within his own knowledge; and, if it be found against him, the verdict ought to find the amount of assets unadministered, and the defendant is liable for that sum only.
In such a case, the judgment is de bonis tstaorh, and not de banis proprlis.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
'This
Siglar
v.
Iaywood.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Tennessee. was an action of debt, brought in the Court
below by Haywood, the defendant in error, against Siglar and Nail, the plaintiffs in error, upon a
judgment obtained against their intestate, William Nall, in the Superior Court for the District of Hillsborough, in the State ot North Carolina, for the sum of 2980 dollars and 5 cents. The defbndants pleaded, (1) Nil debet, and (2) Plene administravit. The plaintiff replied to the second plea, that the defendants have, and on the day of commencing this suit had, divers goods, &c., whereof they could have satisfied the plaintiff for the debt aforesaid. On the trial, it appearedbythe accounts exhibited by the defendants. that a part of the intestate's goods, and chattels remained in their hands unadministered. On which, the plaintiff's counsel moved the Court to instruct the jury, that the plea of plene adminis-
travit was, therefore, false, and that -on that ground, the plaintiff was entitled to his verdict onf the. whole issue. The instruction was given by the Court, to which the counsel for the defendants excepted. The jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff, for the sum of 2565 dollars and 16 cents debt, and 4429 dollars and 53 cents damages, for the detention thereof; and also found, " that the defendants have not fully administered all and singular the goods and chattels, rights and credits, which were of the decedent, and which came to their hands to be administered, previous to the issuing of the writ of capias in this cause, a§ the plaintiff in replying hath alleged."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

677

Upon which, judgment was entered as follows: "Therefore it is considered by the Court, that the plaintiff recover against the defendants 2565 dollars and 16 cents, the residue of the debt
aforsaid, in form aforesaid assessed, and also his costs," &c. And the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court.

1823.
T.
Harvood.

Mr. Sergeant, for the plaintiffs in error, (no counsel appearing for the defendant in error,) made the following points, together with several others which it is not thought necessary to state, because they are not noticed in the opinion of the
Court. 1. That the Court erred in the above instruc-
tion given to the jury. 2. That the verdict was erroneous, because it
did not find what goods and chattels, rights and credits of the intestate, or what amount thereof, remained in the defendants' hands unadminis-
tered.
3. The judgment was erroneous, because it is against the defeidants generally, and de bonis propriis,when it ought to have been de bonis testatoris.
Under the first point he argued, that the law was well settled, that executors are no further chargeable than they have assets, unless they make themselves so by pleading a false plea, i. e. such a plea as would be a perpetual bar to the plaintiff, and which they know to be false, as ne unques executor, or a release to themselves. But if they

Fcb. 4th.

678

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. plead a former judgment by another person, et nil Sultra,,and the plaintiff replies per fraudem, yet
Siglar
v. judgment shall be de bonis testatorisa The only Haywod. plea hat can involve the defendant in personal

responsibility, (except as above stated,) and that onlyfor costs, is a plea disputing the debt-' Harrison v. Beeclesc is in point. The plea there was plene administravit. It was proved, that the defendant had assets, but of less amount than the plaintiff's claim. It was contended, that the plaintiff was entitled to recover the whole amount. Lord Mansfield decided, after consul-
tation with the other Judges, that he could only recover the amount of assets proved, which has been the law ever since.
Upon the second point, if an executor plead plene administravit,and issue is joined thereon, and the jury find, that the defendant had goods in his hands, but do not find the value, the verdict is void for uncertainty."
As to the mode of entering judgment against
an executor or admtiiistrator, and afterwards proceeding thereon, he cited 2 Tidd's Pract.842. 894. 99. 1017-1020.

a1 oRbANb. r. 931. b 1 Ckitty's P1. 485. See form of plea, and note on it in 2 Chitty, 499. It agrees with the form used in this action. Under this allegation CCbath not, nor on the day, &c. had," &c. the defendant may give in eyidence any due administration of assets. 2 Saund. 220. note 3. Chitty, ut sup.
- Cited 3 Term Rep. 685. 690. d Co. Litt. 227 a. Fairfax v. Fairf.ax, 5 Cranch's Rep. 19. Booth v. Arm'rong, 2 Wash. Rep. 301. Harrison v. Beecles, 3 Term Rep. 688, 689. note.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

679

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court. This case presents several questions of some difficulty; but, as the argument has been ex parte, and there are other points on which the judgment must necessarily be reversed, the Court will confine its opinion to those on which no doubt can arise.
At the trial of the issue of fully administered, the plaintiff's counsel moved the Court to instruct the jury "that as it appeared, by the accounts exhibited by the defendants, that a part remained in their hands unadministered, that the plea was,
therefore, false, and that on that ground he was entitled to their verdict on the whole issue." This instruction was given by the Court, and to this opinion the counsel for the defendants excepted.
It is now well settled, and the case cited from Craitch, in the argument, is founded on the principle, that if an administrator fails to sustain his plea of fully administered, h is not, on that account, liable to a judgment beyond the assets to be administered. The plea is not necessarily false within his own knowledge; he may have failed to adduce proof of payments actually made. It is not required that the plea should state with precision the assets remaining unadministered ; and an executor or administrator would always incur great hazard, if he were required to state and prove the precise sum remaining in his hands, under the penalty of being exposed to a judgment
for the whole amount claimed, whatever it might be. To state a full administration, without proving it, would be useless. The rule and usage, there-

182.
Siglar
I.
Haywood. .Fcb. 5th.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
\
Y.
Hywood.

fore, is, that if the plea of fully administered be found against the defendant, the verdict ought to find the amount of assets unadministered, and the defendant is.liable for that sum only. The in-
struction of the Court, on this point, is erroneous, end, consequently, the verdict and judgment founded on it, must be set aside and reversed.
The same drror is in the verdict.. Instead of finding the amount of assets remaining unadministered, it finds the whole amount claimed, which, as was decided in the case already mentioned,. is clearly erroneous.
There. is also additional error in the judgment which is rendered against the administrators, de bonispropriisinstead of being de bonis testatoris. For these errors, the judgment must be reverseO. and the verdict set aside, and the cause remanded for farther proceedings. according to law.

Judgment reversed.

JUPGMENT. This cause came on .to be heard or the transcript of the record of the Cotirt of thL United States for the seventh circuit in the D,itrict of East Tennessee, and was argued by counsel on the part of the plaintiffs in error. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that there is error in the record and proceed i.'s of the said Circuit Court, in this, that the said .,ourf instructed the jury, on the trial of the issue, on the plea of fully administered, that, as it appears by the accounts exhibited by the defendants, a part remained in their hands unadministered,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

681

the plea. was, therefore, false, and that, on mat 1823. ground, the plaintiff was entitled to their verdict Corporation. on the whole issue; and, also, in this, that the of jury have found a verdict, on the plea of fully ad- Washing' ministered, against the defendants, without finding pr'tL the sum unadministered; and, also, in this, that the judgment on the said verdict is absolute against the administrators themselves, instead of being, to be levied of the goods and chattels of their intestate, in their hands to be administered. Whereupon it is considered by the Court, that the said judgment be reversed, and the verdict be set aside, and the cause remanded to the said Circuit Court, that further proceedings may be had therein according to law.

[LoCAL LAw.]

THx CORPoRA rION OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
and others, Appellants, V.
PRATT, FRANCiS, and others, Respondents.

Under the 8th section of the act of 1812,to amend the act for the

incorporation of the city of Washington, a sale of unimproved

squares or lots in the city, for the payment of taxes, is illegal, unless

such squares and lots have been assessed to the true and lawful

proprietors thereof. The lien upon each lot, for the taxes, is several and distinct, and tho

purchaser of each holds his lot unencumbered with the taxes due

on'the other lots held by his vendor.

VoL. VIII.

86

OF THE UNITED STATES.

365

judgment of the said Distritt Court for the District of Lousiana, in this case, be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs and damages, at the rate of eight per centum per annum, including interest on the amount of the judgment of the said District Court.

1823.
Nicolas
V.
Anders.

[CHA~cZUY. LoCAL LAW.]
PHILIP NORBORNE NICHOLAS, Attorney General of Virginia, v. RICHARD C. ANDERSON, Surveyor, &c.
Under the act of Assembly of Virginia, of October, 1788, for the better locating and surveying the lands given to the officers and soldiers on Continental and State establishments, the State of Virginia has no right to call upon the person who was appointed ono of the principal surveyors, to account for the fees received by him, of one dollar for every hundred acres, on delivering the warrants, towards raising a fund for the purpose of supporting all contingent expenses- the bill filed by the Attorney General of the State, to compel an account, not sufficiently averring the want'of any prope3 private parties in esse to claim it.
qunr, Whetber, in sucl a case, the assignees of the warrants, or a part of them, suing in behalf of the whole, could maintain a suit in equity for an account ?
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Kentucky. This was a bill in equity, filed by, and in the name of the Attorney General of Virginia, under the authority of a special act of the Legislature of that State, passed on the 15th of February, 1813.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
I -2gT.he bill charged, that the Ldgislature of Virginia,
N2'kbolas by-an act passed in October session, 1783, among Y. other things, provided, that -all persons holding
A~e". officers' or soldiers' warrants by assignment, should pay down to the principal surveyor, at the time of the delivery of siffl warrants, one dollar ,for every hundred acres thereof, exclusive of the legal surveyor's fees, towards raising a fund for the purpose of paying all contingent expenses, &c. as will appear by reference to the act. That the deputations of officers, in pursuance of the said act, appointed two principal surveyors, one of whom was the defendant, and who immediately took upon himself-the duties of the office, and exwtd, in virtue of the act of 1783, from all the hfolders of the military warrants, the one dollar per one hundred acres above provided for. That the defendanthad received a large sum of money in this
way, and had refused to account for the same to thecomplainant, and the agents and attorneys ap.. pointed for this purpose under the act of 1813. It Rurther charged a misapplication of the money; and that the deputations of officers, under the act of 1783, did appoint superintendants, &c. but that most of them are long since dead. and the survivors have declined to act for many years. it proceeded to state the substance of the act .of 1813, which authorized Colonel John Watts,- the surviviig superintendant, agent to settle with the defendant; and to receive the moheys remaining unappropriated in his hands, and if not paid, to sue for, and recover the same, in the name of the Attorney General of Virginia; and then charged,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

367

that the defendant refused to account with Watts, and concluded with a prayer for an account, .discovery, and general relief. To this, bill the defendant demurred; and the Circuit Court of Kentucky, upon argument of the demurrer, held it valid, and dismissed the bill. The cause was then brought by appeal to this Court.

1823. I.
.nde,

The Attornwj General,for the plaintiff, argued, that the State of Virginia still considered the defendant as an officer of that State, and he was so styled in the bill.o The demurrer also admitted
the fact. The authority given to the superintendants has expired. The defendant, who, as surveyor, has received large sums of money, under an act of the Legislature of Virginia, is now called on to account for it. A special act has also been passed, to authorize the Attorney General to proceed in equity, under which the present bill was filed. The argument on the part of the defendant must be, that the deputations of officer no longer existing, the money belongs to- him. The State, however, does not claim this money as beneficially entitled to it, but as a trustee for those who are so entitled. She claims, in virtue of her sovereignty, a right to superintend the execution of the law by her own officei. And it is a familiar and well established principle, that whetever a trust fails, there is a resulting trust in the grantor for the benefit of the cestui ge trusts. So, if a corporation endowed for a particular pur-

Feb. Va.

a Laws of Virg. Ch. Rev. 210.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. "
V.

pose, which fails, the funds revert back to the grantor by whom. it was created or.endowed.a

Anderson Mr. Talbot, contra, insisted, (J.) That the fees

in question were for the exclusive benefit, and elonged of right.to the owners of the warrants, under whose control, or that of the superintendants, it must always remain; and that consequently the State of Virginia had no authority,, such as that pretended to be exercised by the special act of 1813, to. vest in the Attorney General of that State, or any other person, a right'to sue for the recovery
.of the sums of money supposed to he due from the defendant. The plaintiff has not shown any interest in the subject, entitling him to sue; nor can there be a resulting trust, where it is not shown that the original trustees are no longer in ese. (2.) That the. State of Virginia having, previous to the passage of the act, authorized the erection
of the District of Kentucky into.an indbpendent State, within the limits of which the defendant resided, and where he was to perform his official duties, he was no longer accountable, to the State of Virgi."a, from whom he had not even derived his original appointment; nor could thatState, -by any legislative act, impose upon him the duty of answering the complaint stated in the bill.

1. Z

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court; and, after stating the case, proceeded as follows:

a Co.Litt. lSb. GorA.211.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-369

The question in this case is, whether the demurrer was well taken. In support of the decree, two points are stated at the bar: 1st, that the plaintiff has not shown any in'terest in the subject, entitling the State of Virginia to maintain the bill; 2dily, that if there was originally any resulting authority to the State, to compel an account, that power, by the erection of Kentucky into an independent State, devolved on the latter State, the defendant having been, and still continuing to be, a citizen of that State; and that it was not competent for the Legislature of Virginia, in 1813, to pass a law, which should bind a citizen of Kentucky to account for official duties, which were not performed in virtue of any appointment made by the government of Virginia.
It is unnecessary to conoider the last objection, because we are of opinion that the first is fatal to the bill. The act of 1783, for the better locating and surveyiig the lands given to the officers and soldiers on Continental- and State establishments, authorizes the deputations of officers, therein named, to appoint superintendants, in behalf of their respective lines, for the purpose of surveying the lands; and also to appoint two principal surveyors, and contract with them for their fees, &e. The third section of the act then provides, "that every person or persons holding officers' or soldiers' warrants, by assignment, shall pay down tothe prihcipal surveyors, at the time ofthe delivering such warrant or warrants, one dollar for every hundred acres thereof, exclusive of the-legal surveyor's fees, towards raising a fund for the putr-

1823.
V.
Andern.

VOL.TI

47

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
l1icholas
V. Anderson.

pose of supporting all contingent expenses; or, at the option of such holder or holders, the same may be held up until the warrants of all the original grantees have been surveyed; the said sur-
veyors to account for all the'money so received, to such person or persons as the said deputations may direct." This is the clause upon which the bill is founded. And it is 'apparent, that in terms it.pi'ovides for an accountability, not to the State, but to persons to be appointed by the deputations of officers; to those for whose benefit the fund was raised, and was to be applied, and not to the State, which, had no interest whatsoever in' it. Even then, if 1y the death of all the .deputations of officers, without making any appointment, the authority intended by the act became incapable of being executed, there is no averment in the bill to that effect; on the contrary, the bill does admit that superintendants were appointed, of whom some are dead, and the survivors decline to act. If, therefore, under any circumstances, a re.sulting power could arise to the State to enforce an account, from the want of any proper private parties in esse to claim it, such a case is not stated by the bill. Whether, in such a case, the assignees of the warrants, or a part of them, suing in. behalf of the whole, might* not maintain a suit in equity for an account, is nut for'us now to determine. . It is sufficient that the State of Virginia, by the very terms of the act, has delegated to other persons, whose existence is not denied, the authority to call the surveyors to account.

Decree affirmed, with costs.

1823.
Nicholls
V.
Webb.

. CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT [PRoMIssonr NoMn. EvwuZc;.l

NICHOLLS, Plaintiff in Error,v. WEBB, Dc-. fendant in Error.
No demand of payment, or notice of non-payment, &y a notarypublic, is necessary in the case of promissory notes. A protest is (strictly speaking) evidence in the case of foreign bills of exchango only.
But it is a principle, that memorandums made by a person, in the ordinary course of his business, of acts which his duty, in such business, requires him to do for others, are, in case of his death, admissible evidence of acts so done. A fortiori, the acts of a public officer are so admissible, though they may not be strictly official, if they are according to general usage, and the ordinary course of his office.
Therefore, the books of a notdry public, proved to have been regulaxly kept, are admissible in evidence, after his decease, to prove a demand of payment, and notice of non-payment, of a promissory note.

ERROR to the District Court of Louisiana. This was a suit brought by petition, according to the course of proceedings in Louisiana,* by Webb, the defendant in error, against Nicholls, the plaintiff in error, upon a promissory note, dated the 15th of January, 1819, made by one Fletcher, for the sum of 4880 dollars, payabi6 to the order of Nicholls, at the Nashville Bank, and endorsed by Nicholls, by his agent, to Webb. The answer of the defendant below denied such a demand, and notice of non-payment, as were necessary to ren-

a lide ante Vol. 111. p. 202. Note a.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

der him liable as endorser. At the trial it appeared in evidence, that the note became due on the 18th of July, which was Sunday. The demand of payment of the maker was made, and notice of non-payment to the endorser, was given at the request of the plaintiff below, by one Washington Perkins, a notary public, who died before the trial. The original protest was annexed to the plaintiff's petition, and was drawn up acording to.the usual formula of that instrument, stating a demaild and refusal of payment at the Nashville Bank, on Saturday, the 17th of July,
the 18th being Sunday, and that he, the notary, "duly notified the endorsers of the non-payment." The plaintiff offered this protest, among other evidence, to support his causd, together with the
deposition of Sophia Perkins, the daughter of the notary: This witness stated, in her deposition, that her father kept a regular record of his notarial icts, and uniformly entered, in a book kept by himself,or caused the deponent to enter, exact copies of the notes, bills, &c. which he protested; and in the margin opposite to the copy of the protest, made memorandums after notification to endorsers, if any, of the fact of such notification, and the manner; and that his notarial records had been, ever since his death, in the house where she lived. And to her deposition, she annexed, and veiifiedas true, a copy of the protest in this ease. The copy of the protest stated the demand (as supposed by mistake) to have been made on the 19th, instead of the 17th of July, 1819, and contained the following memorandum on the mar-

1823.
Mchous
V.
Webb.

C!ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
'- Nicholls-
V.
Webb.

gin. ':Endorser duly notified in writing 19th of July, 1819, the last day of grace being Sunday, the 18th. Washington Perkins." In other respects the protest was in the same form with that
annexed as the original to the plaintiff's.petition. The defendant below objected to, the admission of this protest and deposition in evidence, but his objection was overruled by the Court. Whereupon the defendant excepted, and the jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff; upon which, the Court, according to the usual practice in Louisiana, ascertained the sum due, and rendered judgment. The cause was then brought by writ of error to this Court.

Rb. 15th.

This cause was argued by Mr. Eaton, and Mr. C. J. Ingersolla for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Sergeant,b for the defendant in error. But as the grounds of argument and the authorities are so fully stated in the opinion of the"Court, it has not been thought necessary to report their arguments.

Ab. d. Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. This is a writ of error to the District
a They cited Hingham v. Ridgway, 10 East's Rep. 109. 1 Salk. 205. 2 Strange, 1129. 7 East's Rep. 279. 3 Burr. 1065. 1072. Chitty on Bills, 240. 273. 2 Camp. Rep. 177. 2 Caines' Rep. 343. 12 Mass. Rep. 89. 2 Johns. tep. 423. 2 Wash. Rep. 281.
b He cited Pritt v. Fairclough, 3 Camp. Rep. 305. Price v. Torrington, Salk. 285. S. C. 2 Lord Raym. 87'3. Pitman v. Maddox, Salk; 690. Hagedorn v. Reid, 3 Camp. Rep. 379.
Welsh v. Barrett, 15 Mass. i.p. 381.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Court of Louisiana. The suit was brought by

Mr. Webb, as endorsee, against Mr. Nicholls, aa

endorser 'of a promissory note, dated the 15th of January, 1819,, and made by Thomas H. Fletcher,

for the sum of 4880 dollars, payable to Nicholls

ororder, at the Nashville Bank, and endorsed'by

N.cholls, by his agent, to the plaintiff. The note

became due on the 18th of July, which being Sun-

day, the note, of course, was payable on the pro-

ceding Saturday. The cause came on for. trial

upon petition, and answer, according to the usual

course of proceedings, in Louisiana, the answer

setting up, among other things, a denial of due

demand; and notice of non-payment; and upon

the trial, the jury returned a verdict for the plain-

tiff. The Court, thereupon, ascertained the sum

due, and entered judgment for the plaintiff, ac-

cording to what is understood to be the usual prac-

tice of that State.

Several questions have been argued at the bar,

which may be at once laid out of the case, since

they do not arise upon the record; and we may,

theref6re, proceed to examine that alone upon

which'ny judgment was pronounced in the Court'

below.-

From the issue in the cause, the burthen of

proofrf due demand of payment,, and due notice of

the non-payment to Nicholls, rested on the plaintiff.

It appears,-that the demand was made, and notic?

given, at the request of the plaintiff, by one Wash-

ington Perkins, a notary public, who died before

the trial. The original protest was annexed to

the plaintiff's petition, and contained the usual

VOL. VIII.

42

-329 1823.
V.
Webb.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18231 -Nicholls
V.
Webb.

language in this instrument, stating a demand, and refusal of payment at the Nashville Bank, on the 17th of July, the 18th being Sunday, and that
he, the notary, " duly notified the endorsers of
the non-payment." Among other evidence to support the plaintiff's case, he offered this protest, together with the deposition of Sophia Perkins, the daughter of the notary. She stated, in her deposition, that her father kept a regular record of his notarial acts, and uniformly entered, in a book kept by himself, or caused the deponent to do it, exact copies of the notes, bills, &c.; and in the margin opposite to the copy of the protest made memorandums after notification to endorsers, if any, of the fact of such notification, and the manner; and that his notarial records had been, ever since his death, in the house where she lived. And to'her deposition, she annexed, and verified as true, a copy of the protest in this case. The copy of the protest states the demand (most probably by mistake) to have been made on the 19th, instead of the 17th of July, 1819, and contains a memorandum on the margin: "Endorser
duly notified in writing 19th of July, 1819, the last day of grace being Sunday, the 18th. Washington Perkins." In other respects the protest is the same in form as that annexed to the petition. To the introduction of this deposition, as well as of the prbtest, as evidence, the defendant, Nicholls, objected, and his objection was overruled by the Court, and the papers were laid before the jury. A bill of exceptions was taken to the decision'of the Court in so admitting this evidence; and the sole

OF THE UNITED-STATE'S.

331

question now before us, is, whether that decision 18 &

was right. What that evidence might legally con-
duce to prove, or what its effect might be, if properly admitted, is not now a question before u.

VqI~oI6
M.
Webb.

It was left to the jury to draw such inferences

of fact -as they might justly draw from it; and

whether they were right or wrong in their infer-

ences, we cannot now inquire.

It does not appear that, by the laws of Tennes-.

see, a demand of the payment of promissory notes

is required to be made by a notary public, or a pro-

test made for non-payment, or notice given by a no-

tary to the endorsers. And by the general com-

mercial law, it is perfectly clear, that the interven-

tion of a notary is unnecessary in these casep.

·The notarial protest is not, therefore, evidence

of itself, in chief, of the fact of- demand, as it

would be in cases, of foreign bill& of exchange;

and in strictness bf. law, it is -not an official act.

But, we all know, that, in point of fact, notaries

are very commonly employed in this business; and

in some of the States it is a general usage so to

protest all dishonoured notes, which are lodged in,

or have been discounted by the bank. The piac.:. prPotrtcaiilnegeproo-f

tice has, doubtless, grown up from a sense of its ,iy notm

convenience, and the just confidence placed in

men who, from their habits auid character, are

likely to perform thete important duties with punc-

tuality and accuracy. We may, therefore, safely

take it to be true in this case, that the protesting

of notes. if not .strictly the duty of the notary,

was in conformity to general practice, and was an

employment in which he was usually engaged. If

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. he had been alive at the trial, there is no question %Nicholls that the protest could not have been given in evi-
V. deuce, except with his deposition, or personal exWebb. amination, to support it. His death gives rise to
the 'question, whether it is not, connected with other evidence, and particularly with that of his daughter, admissible secondary evidence for the purpose of conducing to prove due demand and
notice.a
dednucelesmoust bbeevi- The rules of evidence are of great importance, adapted to the and cannot be departed from without endangering
exigencies of
society. private as well as public rights. Courts of law
are, therefore, extremely cautious in the introduction of any new doctrines of evidence which trench upon old and established principles. Still, however, it is obvious, that as the rules of evidence are founded upon general interest and convenience, they must, from time to time, admit of modifications, to adapt them to the actual condition and business of men, or they would work manifest injustice; and Lord Ellenborough has very justly observed, that they must expand according to the exigencies of society. (Pritt v. Fairclugk, 3 Camp. Rep. 305.) The present case affords a striking proof of the correctness of this remark. Much of the business of the commercial world is .done through the medium of bills of exchange and promissory notes. The rules of law require, that
a By the French law, inland bills of exchange, and promissr notes, as well as foreign bills, are required to be protested ; and the protest is the only evidence of demand, and refusal of payment, and notice of non-payment. Code de Commerce, liv. 1. tit. 8. art, 187.175.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
due notice and demand should be proved,to charge the endorser. What would be the consequence, if,in no instance, secondary evidence could be admitted, of a nature like the present? It would materially impair the negotiability and circulation of these important facilities to commerce, since few persons would be disposed to risk so much property upon the chance of a single life; and the attempt to multiply witnesses would be attended with serious inconveniences and expenses. There is no doubt, that, upon the principles of law, protests of foreign bills of exchange are admissible evidence of a demand upon the drawee; and upon what foundation does this doctrine rest, but upon the usage of merchants, and the universal convenience of mankind ? There is not even the plea of absolute necessity to justify its introduction, since it is *equallyevidence, whether the notary be living or dead. The law, indeed, places a confidence in public officers; but it is here extended to foreign officers acting as the agents and instruments of private parties.
The general objection to evidence, of the character of that now before the Court, is, that it is in the nature of hearsay, and that the party is deprived of the benefit of cross-examination. That principle also applies to the case of foreign protests. But the answer is, that it is the best evidence -the nature of the case admits of. If the party is dead, we cannot have his personal examination on oath; and the question then arises,
whether there shall be a total failure of justice, or secondary evidence shall be admitted to prove

333
1823.
Nicholls
V. Web.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823..
Richholls
V. Webb.

facts, where ordinary prudence cannot guard us against the effects of human mortality? Vast sums of money depend upon the evidence of notaries and messengers of banks; and.if their me-

morandums, in the ordinary discharge of their

duty and employment, are not admissible in evi-

dence after their death, the mischiefs niust be very

extensive.

Private wri- But how stand the authorities upon this sub-

tinge when

evidence ofject? Do they as inflexibly lay down the general

facts stated in

them.

rule as the Qbjection seems to imply? The writ-

ten declarations of deceased persons, and entries

in their books, have been for a long time admitted

as evidence, upon. ,the general ground, that they

were made against the interest of the parties.

Of this nature are the entries made by receivers

of money charging themselves, rentals of parties,

and bills of lading signed by masters of vessels.

More than a century ago, it was decided, that the

entries in the books of a tradesman, made by a

deceased shopman, were admissible as evidence

of the delivery of the goods, and of other matters

there stated within his own knowledge." So, in

an action on a tailor's bill, a shop book was al-

lowed as evidence, it being proved that the servant

who wrote the book was dead, and that this was

his hand, and he was accustomed to make the en-

tries." In the case of Higham v. Ridgeway, (10

East's Rep. 109.) it was held, that the entry of a

midwife in his books, in the ordinary course of his

a Price v. Lord Torrington, 1 Salk. 285.
873. 6 Pitumanv. Maddox, Salk. 690.

S. C. 2 Lord Raym.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
business, of the birth of a child, accompanied by another entry in his ledger, of the charge for the service, and a memorandum of payment at a subsequent date, was admissible evidence of thd time of the birth. It is true, that Lord Ellenborough, in giving his own opinion, laid stress upon the circumstanoe, ihat the entry admitting payment was to the prejudice of the party, and, therefore, like the case of a receiver. But this seems very artificial reasoning, and could not apply to the original entry in the day book, which was made before payment; and-even in the ledger the payment was alleged to have been made six months after the service. So that, in truth, at the time of the entry, it was not against the party's interest. And Mr. Justice Le Blanc, in the same case, after observing, that he did not mean to give any opinion as to the mere declarations or entries of a midwife who is dead, respecting the time of a person's birth, being made in a matter peculiarly within the knowledge of such a person, as it was not necessary then to determine that question, significantly said, " I -would not be bound at present to say, that they are not evidence." In the recent case of Hagedorn v. Reid, (3 Camp. Rep. 379.) in a suit on a policy of insurance where a license was necessary, the original not being found, it was proved, that it was the invariable practice of the plaintiff's office, (he being a policy broker,) that the clerk, who copies any license, sends it off by post, and makes a memorandum on the copy of his having done so; and a copy of the license in question was produced from the plaintiff's letter book, in the handwriting

335 1823.
v. Webb.

j823.
v.
web

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of a deceased clerk, with a memorandum on.it, stating, that the original was sent to Doorman; and a witness, acquainted with the plaintiff's mode' of transacting business, swore, that he had no doubt the original was sent according to the statement in the memorandum. Lord Ellenborough held this to be sufficient evidence of the license. And. in Prittv. Fairclough,.(3 Camp. Rep. 305.) the same learned, Judge held, that the entry of a copy of a'letter in the letter book of a party, made by a deceased clerk, and sent to the other patty, was admissible in evidence, the letter book being punctually kept, to prove the .contents of the letter so sent. And- he observed; on that occasion, that, if it were not so, there would be no way in which the most careful merchant could prove the contents of a letter after the death of his entering clerk. The case of Welsh v. Barrett,which has been cited at the bar from the Massachusetts Reports,° is still more directly in point. It was there field, that the memorandums of a messenger of 'a bank, made in the usual course of his employment, of demands on promisors, and notices to endorsers, in respect to notes left for collection- in thie bank, were, after his decease, admissible evidence to establish such demands and notices. And the lear led Chief Justice of the Court, on that occasion, went into an examination of the grounds of the doctrine, and put the very case of a notarial demand and protest of notes, which had been suggested at the bar as a more correct course, as not

g 15 Man. Rep. 381.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
-distinguishable in principle, and liable to the same objections as the evidence then before the Court. We are entirely satisfied with that decision, and think it is founded. in good sense, and public convenience. - We think it a safe principle, that memorndums made by a person in the ordinary course of his business, of acts or matters which his duty in such business requires him to do for others, in case of-his death, are admissible eviSdence of the acts and matters so done. It is of course liable ta be impugned by other evidence; and to be encountered by any presumptions or facts which diminish its credibility or certainty. A4fcfriori we think the acts of a public officer, like a notary public, admissible, although they may not be strictly official, it they are according to-the customary business of his office, since he acts as.a sworn officer, and is clothed with public authority and confidence.
It isi therefore, the opinion of the Court, that the evidence excepted to in this case was rightly admitted. The variance between the copy, and the original .protest, as to the time of the demand, might have been explained to the satisfaction of the jury at the trial; but it forms no ground upon. which this Court is called upon to express any opinion..
Judgment aflemed, with costs.

1823.
NicV.oU3 Webb.

VOL. VIW.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
be sustained in the Courts of the United States; and that there is no e"rror in the judgment which was rendered against them in the District Court of Illinois.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

65
182M
oracle
X pa t.

ARCHIBALD GRACiE and others, Plaintiffs in Error,
V.
JoN PALMER and others, DefendantsinError.
By a -charter-party, the sum of 50,000 dollars was agreed to be paid for the use or hire of the ship, on a voyage from Pbiladelphi4 to Madeira, and thence to Bombay, and at the option of the charterer to Calcutta, and back to Philadelphia, (with an addition of 2000 dollars, if she should proceed to Calcutta,) the whole payable on the return of the ship to Philadelphia, and before the discharge of her cargo there, in approved notes, not exceeding an average time of 90 days from the time at-which she should be ready to discharge her cargo. The charterer proceeded in the ship to Calcutta, and, with the consent of the master, (who was appointed by the ship-owners,) entered into an agreement with P. &, Co. merchants there, that if they would make him an advance of money, he would deliver to them a bill of lading stipulating for the delivery of the goods purchased therewith to their agents in Philadelphia, free of freight, who should be authorized to sell the same, and apply the proceeds to the repayment of the said advance, unless the charterer's bills, drawn on G. & S. of Philadelphia, should be accepted, in which event the agents of P. 8t Co. should deliver the goods to the charterer. The goods were shipped accordingly, and a bill of lading signed by the master, with the clause, " freight for the said goods having been settled here." The bills of exchange drawn by the charterer were refused acceptance, and the agents of P. & Co. demanded the goods, which the owners of the ship refused to deliver without the payment of freight: Hed, that the owners of the ship had a lien on these goods for the freight.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Grade
V. Palmer.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the eastern District of Pennsylvania. This was an action of assumpsit, brought by the Jefendants in error
against the plaintiffs in error, to recover back the
sum of 10,500 dollars, paid under the circumstances stated in the following case, to be considered as a special verdict.
On the 23d of October, 1818, -the defendants, being the owners of the ship America, chartered her to Hugh Chambers, by the following charterparty: "This charter-party, indented, made, and entered upon, this 23d day of October, in the year of our Lord 1818, between Archibald Gracie, William Gracie, and Charles King, the persons constituting the copartnership or house of trade, under the firm and style of Archibald Gracie & Sons, of the city of New-York, owners of the ship or vessel called the America, of New-York, of the burden of 460 tons, or thereabouts, register admeasurement, of the first part, and Hugh Chambers, of the city-of Philadelphia, merchant, of the other part, witnesseth, that the said ownbrs have let, and the said Hugh Chambers hath taken and hired the said vessel, to freight for the voyage, upon -the terms and conditions following: whereupon the said owners do covenant, promise, and agree, to and with the said charterer, by these presents, that the said vessel shall be tight, stanch, and strong, well and sufficiently fitted, manned, provided, and furnished with all things needful and necessary for such vessel, on her intended ioyage, herein after mentioned, and provisioned for the term of eighteen months, and

OF THE UNITED STATES,
fully and properly armed with large and small arms, and with sufficient ammunition for the same; and that she shall, on or before the 15th day of November next, be in readiness, at the port of Philadelphia, to receive and take on board, and shall there, when tendered within reach of her tackle, receive and take on board all such lawful goods and merchandise, as the said charterer may think proper to ship, not exceeding what she can reasonably store and carry, over and above her tackle, apparel, provisions, armament, and other necessaries, and the privileges herein after reserved for the master, and first and second officers, and the lading of the dollars to be shipped by the owners, as herein after mentioned; and that the said ship shall be in readiness to sail from Philadelphia aforesaid, and, on being loaded and afterwards despatched, shall and will, (wind and weather permitting,) set sail from the said port of Philadelphia, on or before the 30th day of November next, and proceed to the island of M.adeira; and shall and will there make a right and true delivery of such quantities of goods and merchandise, as shall be there deliverable, loaded at Philadelphia aforesaid, to such.persons as the same shall have been consigned to; and the same being so unloaded, the said ship shall and will receive and take on board all such legal goods, wares, and merchandise whatsoever, as shall be offered and tendered, within reach of her tackle, by or for account of the said Hugh Chambers, not exceeding as aforesaid. And as soon as the said ship shall be thus loaded at Madeira afore-

607
1823.
Gracla
v. t

U*
l ~"
, PI.

CASES IN THE SUPREME CC).RT
said, she shall and will set sail and depart from thence, (wind and weather permitting,) and directly-proceed on hek voyage, and put into the part of Bombay, in the East Indies; and that she shall, at the option of the said Hugh Chambers, his agent or agents, be allowed also to put into Calcutta, and deliver her cargo, and take in returns there. And at the said ports of Bombay and Calcutta, respectively, unlade all such goods and mer6handise as shall remain on board, and relade such lawful goods. wares, and merchandise, as the said-charterer, his agents, factors, or assigns, shall think fit to charge and lade on board, over and above, and not exceeding as aforesaid, and the lading, for account of the said owners, in respect .of the returns for the said funds, in dollars. to be shipped by them; and that the said ship shall and will, with her said return loading, (wind and weather permitting,) sail and proceed back to the said port of Philadelphia; and there deliver, unto the said charterer, his executors, administrators, or assigns, the full and entire cargo laden and taken on board the said ship at Bombay, and Calcutta, aforesaid, for his account; upon the entire delivery whereof, the said intended voyage shall end and be determined, (the dangers of the seas, restraints of prinoes and rulers, and all other unavoidable casualties, always being excepted by these presents.) And it in hereby agreed, that the said owners shall load -and ship, on board the said vessel, for the said voyage, 15,000 Spanish milled dollars, to be invested in goods and merchandise in India, in like manner

OF THE UNITED STATES,

as the residue of the cargo in general, and that

they shall be chargeable with freight on the re-

turns thereof, at the rate of 50 dollars per ton; or, if the said returng shall-be in.goods and merchan-

dise, usually chargeable with, or taken on, freight,

by weight, that the same shall be estimated at

such rate as shall be equivalent to that sum by the

tor; and also, that the commission to be allowed

the supercargo of the said ship, shall be a clear

commission of five per centum on the amount of

the investment in India. And it is further agreed,

that the said charterer shall furnish and supply

the needful and sufficient cabin stores to and for

the supercargo, master,. and officers, of the said

ship, for the said voyage, and that the owners.shall

and will allow, and pay to him therefor, the sum of

1500 dollars; and, also, that the cabin shall be-

long to the said charterer, (excepting the respect-

ive state rooms in which the master and officera

shall sleep.) And it is hereby further agreed, and

granted and reserved, that the master shall have

a privilege of ixcubic tons, freight free; the first

officer a like free privilege of three cubic t6ns,

and the second officer a like free privilege of twa

cubic tons, provided, that neither of the said pri-

vileges shall be used for the purpose of shipping

flour out in the said ship. And the said charterer,

for himself, his heirs, executors, and administra-

tors, doth hereby covenant and agree with the said

owners, that the said charterer will well and truly

pay and satisfy all the port charges and expenses

of the said ship, as well abroad as at Philadel-

phia aforesaid, until she shall have discharged

VOL. VII.

77

60
12.
Grae Y.
Pdmez

1823.
Gradie
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
her return cargo, excepting always the sea-stores, the wages of the master, officers, and crew, and the repairs and outfits of the said ship, with all which she is to be chargeable. And it is hereby further agreed, that there be allowed, and are granted, one hundred and twenty working days in all, for the loading and unloading of the said ship at.the ports and places of loading and delivery, and that the time not used and occupied at one port or place, may be taken or inade up at the others, so that the whole do not exceed the number allowed as above mentioned; and that for every detention, over and above the said one hundred and twenty days, the said charterers shall pay to the said owners the sum of 75 dollars per day, to be paid in like manner as the freight. And the said charterer, for himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, doth hereby promise and agree, with the said owners, their executors, administrators, and assigns, that he will cause the said ship or vessel to be loaded at the said port of Philadelphia, on her being in readiness to receive her funds and cargo there, and reloaded at the island of Madeira, and at Bombay and Calcutta, in the manner above expressed ; and that he will pay to them, on the return of the said ship to Philadelphia, and before the discharge of her cargo there, in approved notes, not exceeding an average time of ninety days from the time at which she shall be ready to discharge her cargo, the clear sum of 30,000 dollars; and if she shall have proceeded to Calcutta, the further sum of 2000 dollars, for the hire and freight of the said ship, for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the said voyage. In witness whereof, the said owners and charterer have to these presents, in duplicate, set their hands and seals, the day and year first above written.

"ARcH. GRACIE & SONS. [L. s.]

"HUGH, CHAMBERS."

[L. S.]

On the 28th of November, 1818, the America

sailed from Philadelphia, upon the voyage in the

charter-party mentioned, laden with sundry goods,

and also 15,000 dollars in specie, the property of

the- defendants. The flour and other merchandise

were delivered at Madeira, and the quantity of

207 pipes of wine, purchased with the proceeds,

or part thereof, was there laden on board the

America, and made deliverable in India. The

America proceeded from Madeira to Calcutta,

where the quantity of about 324 tons of her bur-

then was filled up from the proceeds of the out-

ward cargo, and with such parts of the wine, taken

in at Madeira, as was not disposed of at Calcutta;

and the merchandise so taken in was made deli-

verable to sundry consignees, in the port of Phi-

ladelphia. Hugh Chambers, the charterer, was

on board the said ship at Calcutta, and it was im-

practicable to obtain any freight for the said ship

at the said port, beyond the amount so laden as

aforesaid; nor could any person be induced there to ship on board of her any other goods, deliverable in the United States, upon the condition of

paying, or being liable, for any freight whatever. Whereupon, the said Chambers applied to the plaintiffs to make him an advance, for the purpose of purchasing merchandise to ship on board the

1823.
V. Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

If8.
,.i P'~*

ship America, and did then and there, with the

Sknowledge

and consent of Edward Rosseter, the

captain or master of the said ship America, enter

into an agreement with the plaintiffs, that if they would make such an advance, he would leave the

merchandise purchased therewith in their hands, as a security for the said advance while in Calcutta, and woiild, when shipped on board the America, dbdliver to them a bill .of lading, stipulating for the delivery thereof to their agents in Philadelphia, free of frefght, who should be authorized to sell the same,. and apply the proceeds to the payment 6f the said advance, unless the said Hugh Chambers' bills for thie same, drawn upon Messrs. Grants & Stone, of Philadelphia, should be accepted, and the consigner should feel perfectly assured they would be paid at maturity; in which .event, the said agents should deliver the said merchandise to him. That the said plaintiffs accordingly made the said advance, received the said goods as they were purchased, and shipped them on board the said ship America; for which shipment, the said master signed and delivered the following bill of lading to the plaintiffs, which the said Chambers endorsed.
"Shipped, in good order, and well conditioned, by Hugh Chambers, in and upon the good ship, called the America, whereof is master for this present voyage, Edward Rosseter, and now lying in the port of Calcutta, and bound for Philadelphia, to say, seven hundred and forty-six bags, and sixty-five boxes of sugai, five hundred and eighty-
nine bags of saltpetre, ten hundred and sixty

OF TILE UNITED STATES.

alff

bags of ginger, thirty-five bags of aniseed, thirty- 182

two boxes of borax, thirty-two of castor oil, three

hundred and three bundles of twine, thirty-five v.

bales of goat skins, six thousand one hundred and

.

sixty horns and born tips, two hundred and sixty

cow hides, fifteen hundred and sixty-nine gunny

bags, two bales of seesuckers, two boxes of chop-

pas, six bales of sannahs, five bales of checks,

twenty-two bales of gurrahs,'and one box of mull

muslins. On account and risk of Hugh Cham-

bers of Philadelphia, being marked and numbered

as in the margin; and are to be delivered in the like

good order, and well conditioned, at the aforesaid

port of Philadelphia, (the danger of the seas only

excepted,) unto Messrs. T. M. & R. Willing, or

to their assigns. Freight for the said goods hav-

ing-been settled here.

A'In witness whereof, the master or purser of the

said ship, bath affirmed to five bills of ladifig, all

of this tenor and date; one of which being ac-

compliahed, the others to stand void. Dated Cal-

cutta, 7th of September, 1819.

"Contents'unknown.

" EDWARD ROSSETER."

"Marks and numbers on the*back Lif this bill,

countersigned. Hugl Chambers."

That the said Chambers, at the same time, drew,

and delivered to the plaintiffs, the said bills of ex--

change upon Messrs. Grants & Stone, for the aim

of 8042 pounds 8 shillings and 4 pence sterling,

beingthe amount of the said advance; which said

bills were afterwards duly presented to Grants &

Stone for acceptance, who refused to accept the

same, and they were afterwards duly protested for

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
G]raci6
V.
Palmer.

non-payment, and now remain unpaid. That the said agreement to deliver the said goods without paying freight, and the said bill of lading and
endorsements, were made by the said Chambers,
by Edward Rosseter, and by the plaintiffd, in good faith; and without them the said plaintiffs would not have made the said advance, nor shipped the said goods ; and the receipt of the said goods on board the America, by the said master, under the said agreement, and signing the bill of lading in the terms aforesaid, were, under the circumstances of the case at the time, the best he could do for the interest of the owners of' the ship. That the said plaintiffs were informed by Hugh Chambers, that the America was chartered by the said Chambers for a specific sum, and that the stock or merchandise originally placed on board of her' at the &omriencement of the voyage, and its proceeds, were solely and sufficiently a pledge for the payment of the same. ,That the America arrived in the port of Philadelphia, on or about the,'29th of February, 1820, when the defendants gave notice to the said Chambers, that they had ent6ted the ship, and were keady to deliver the goods, after payment of the freight Stipulated by the charterparty. On the 1st of March, 1820, the said Chambers replied to the defendants, that he was unable to comply with the requisitions of the charter-party. On the 2d of March, 1820, the defendants gave notice to all the consignees of goods on board the America, as by letter of that date.to T. M. & R. Willing. On the 3d of March, 1820, Thomas M. & R. Willing, the consignees of the merchandise shipped by the plaintiffs, demanded

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the defendants, and of Edward Rosseter, the master, the delivery thereof,without paying freight, and protested against the payment ofany freight. On the 6th of March, 1820, the defendants refused to deliver the said merchandise without paying freight. On the same day, the said T. M. & R. Willing, on behalf of the plaintiffs, replied to the defendants, and repeated the protest against paying any freight for the said merchandise, and their refusal to pay any freight, unless they should be compelled to do it, in order to obtain possession of the said goods. The said T. M. & R. Willing, being unable otherwise to obtain the said merchandises from on board the ship America, paid, as the agents of the plaintiffs, and in their behalf, to the defendants, the sum of 10,000 dollars; which payment was made in acceptances of the defendant's drafts, dated the 29th of March, 1820, atninety days, and duly paid, the 30th of June, 1820. The said payment was compelled by the defendants, under their claim of freight, and in consequence of their having the custody of the said merchandises, and was made under protest by the said T. M. & R. Willing. In consequence of the said payment, the said merchandises were delivered by the defendants to the said T. M. & R. Willing, as agents and consignees of the plaintiffs. There were other merchandises on board the said ship, exclusive of those consigned to the said T. M. & R. Willing, sufficient in value to pay the whole freight due by the said charter-party. If, upon the whole matter, the Court shall be of opinion, that the defendants had no right to detain the said

615
182S.
Grade
V. Palmer.

CASES IN.THE SUPREME COURT

I=.
.Grad~e
V . Pamer.

gods for.freightjudgment to be entered for the plaintiffs for the sum of 10,500 dollars, with costa of suit.
If, upon the contary, the Court shall be of
opinion that the defendants had such right, then judgment to be entered for the defendants.
Judgment being given upon this case for. the plaintiffs below, the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court.

Mara 5.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the plaintiffs in error,
stated, that the genetSl principle being, that the ship-owners have a lien for the. freight, it must be shown that they have parted with it in this case,
either by the terms of the charter-party, or are deprived of it by the particular circumstances of the
ease. 1. As to the terms of the charter-party; the
question is, whether the possession is fully parted with, so that the charterer has the complete con.trol of the ship.a The entire instrument must be taken together, and by that it will appear, that the ship-owners hired and paid the master and crew; and there is an express covenant, on the part of the owners, for the carriage and delivery of the goods, and on the part of the charterer for the payment of the freight before the goods are de-
livered. 2. As to the particular circumstances of the

a HoQe v. Groverman, 1 Cranch's ReP'. 237. Marcardier v. Chesapeake Ins. Co. 8 Cranch'8Rep. 39. 49. Christie v. Lewisj 2 Bred.8f Bingh. 410. The Nereide, 9 Cranck's Pxp. 388. 424.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

case, the question is, was any freight due ? By

the charter-party, the vessel was bound to receive

all goods shipped by the charterer or his agent. This cargo was of that description. He borrowed

money, and purchased the goods on his own ac-

count. They were to be delivered to the Messrs.

Willings, as a security for the repayment of the

money borrowed, and to be sold by them as the

agents of the lender. Can the charterer, by any

separate act of his, vary the right of the owner ?

Must not all the goods.shipped by the charterer,

be considered as under the charter-party ? It is

not within the scope of the master's authority to

dispense with the conditions of the charter-party.

The mome~t the goods were put on board the

ship, they were in possession of the owners, who

had a lien on them for the freight. The bill of

lading could not discharge this lien. The con-

signees alone were capable of endorsing the bill

of lading, go as to operate a valid transfer. The

charterer had no right to pay his own debt with

the freight due to the owners, and the master had

no right to bring goods free of freight.

But suppose the goods were the property of the

Messrs. Palmers; the right to freight must de-

pend on the circumstances. The master has

power to bind the owner as to the contract of af-

freightment, but not to transport without freight.

The owner may limit his powers by the charter-

party; and all that can be required, is, that the

shippers of goods should know, or have an oppor-

tunity of knowing, the restrictions upon the mas-

ter's authority. The master was not on a general

VOL. VIII.

78

182$.
Gragie
V. Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREIME COURT

1823.
'duGtryacie
v. Palmer.

voyage, seeking for freight, but was to perform his to the owners under that charter-party. The
shippers knew this, and had an opportunity of inspecting the charter-party, and julging for them-
selves whether the master was authorized to assent to such a contract. They knew that the cargo was pledged for the freight, both by the general law, and by the particular provisions of this charter-party. This case is precisely similar to the very recent case of Faith v. The East India Company, where the English Court of K. B. held, that the ship-owner could not be devested of his lien for freight, by such a transaction between the chatterer and shipper, who were cognizant of the terms of the charter-party.a The

a 4 Banuw. 4-.Ad. 630. [The case of Paithv. The East India Company, was as follows: The plaintiff, Faith, was the owner of the ship Eliza, of which Sivrac was master, and entered into a charter-party with Gooch, by which freight was agreed to be paid, for the use or hire of the ship, at a certain rate per ton, for a voyage to India, out and home, in the following manner, viz. a certain sum in advance, on the ship's clearing outwards, and the residue, half in cash, and half in approved bills, upon the delivery of the homeward cargo. The owner appointed Sivrac master, at thie request of Gooch, the charterer, who executed a bond, conditioned for the faithful performance of the master's duty; and the owner instructed the master to be careful to sign all bills of lading with the clause C1freight payable as by charter-party." The ship was consigned to Colvins & Co., in Calcutta, by whom she was put up, for her homeward voyage, as a general ship, and different merchants shipped goods by her, C. & Co. taking, for homeward freight, bills payable 60 days after delivery of the cargo; and a new master having been appointed by C. & Co., in conjunction with Sivrac, signed bills of lading with the clause 11paying freight agreeable to freight bill." The freight bills were made payable in London, to Bazett & Co., to whom the charterer was indebted for

OF THE UNITED STATES.
case of Hutton v. Bragg,' which determined against the lien, in a case of a general letting of the ship, has been since overruled.
Mr. Sergeant, contra, contended, 1. That the goods of a third person, carried in a chartered ship, are not liable for the freight due by charterparty, but only for what is due for their own carriage, as stipulated by the bill of lading at the time of shipment. It would follow, that if the freight be paid beforehand, bana fide, or it be stipulated, that they shall be carried free of freight, they are not liable at all.
2. That the goods in question were, both at law and in equity, the goods of a third person. It would follow, that having been fhirly shipped under an agreement made with the charterer and the master, that they should pay no freight, the ship-owners had no lien upon them.
1. The first position is equally supported by authority, by principle, and by the convenience

619
1823.
Grade I.
Palmer.

advances on the outward cargo, and who, as well as Colvins &Co., were cognizant of the terms of the charter-party. The Court of King's Bench held, that the owner of the ship had a lien on these goods to the extent of the homeward freight. Colvins & Co. also put on board the ship goods purchased by them on account of the charterer; but he being indebted to them, and Bazett & Co., their agents, those goods were, by the bill of lading, consigned to B. & Co. The Court also held, that as between the owner of the ship and Bazett & Co., the goods were to be considered as the goods of the charterer, and liable to the owners lien on them folthe freight due by charter-party.)
a 2 Marsl. Rep. 339. 7 Taunt. 14.
b Christie v. Lewis, 2 Prod.4 Bingh. 510.

CASES LN THE SUPREME COURT

i18. and necessities of trade. The case of Paulv,

%iBriarcice h,

decided by Lord Hardwicke, in 1743,

,. seems less the introduction of a new doctrine, Talmer. than an authoritative declaration of what had been

before, and was then, understood to be the usage and law. It has since frequently been cited with approbation by elementary writers, and confirmed by judicial authority.' The only question growing out of this undeniable position is, whether, in the case of a general letting and hiring of a ship, the goods of the charterer himself are liable for the freight.
In Hutton v. Bragg,' it was determined by the English Court of C. B., that there was no lien in such a case. This authority has, however, been very much weakened by subsequent decisions a and at last solemnly overruled (Lord Ch. J. Dallas dissenting) by the sar. a Court.' But in none of these cases, is it even intimated, that there is -any lien upon other goods than those of the charterer for the charterfreight. The word freight is used in two different senses. (1) To signify the price or cpnsideration of the carriage of goods on board a ship. (2) To signify the price or hire of a ship for a given time, or for a given employment. The first, which is the appropriate sense of the word, may be, by contract, express or im-

a 2Atk. 621.
b Abbott. SMpp . 192, 193. 2 Barnw. If AL 509. N. P. Rep. 2O. 2 Bred. 4' Bingh. 410.
c 2 Marsh.Rep. 339. 7 Taunt. 14. d 2 Barmo. 8f Ad.- 503.
o Christie v. Lewis, 2 Brod. 4' Ringa. SW.

s C4=y.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

plied; but the form of the contract is not material. It may be by bill of lading, or it may be by agreement or charter-party; or without stipulating a price.
Now, to constitute a lien, it is necessary, (1) That there be a debt due, on account of the goods of the shipper, for the carriage of those goods. (2) That the goods be in the possession of the creditor, with the assent of the debtor, for the purpose of The carriage from which the debt arises. How is the lien acquired at all, or whence is the right of lien derived, for freight due by charter-party ? If it be asked, how it is derived in the case of a bill of lading, stipulating freight or not, or where there is no bill of lading, the answer is readily furnished. It is a particular lien for the carriage of the goods; the same which a common carrier has by the custom of the realm, and given by the common law, or by the law merchant, which is a part of the common law. It is restricted to the very goods carried ; for the common law knows of no such thing as a general lien. The utmost extension it has ever received, is to all the goods in the same bill of lading; and, by a modern decision in England, to goods of the same shipper, on board the same ship, though in a different bill of lading.a And that is upon the ground of an understanding to that effect, when the first goods are delivered.
The lien for treight due by charter-party, stands

1823.
Grae V.
Palmer.

a Abbott. Shipp. 245. Birley v. Gladstone, 3 Maule 4, Sehe. 220.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I823.
Gracie
V. .-""l

precisely on the same foundation. A generallien 'can only be by general usage, by a particu-
lar usage, or by contract.a The charter-party gives no lien in terms. The ship and goods are (commonly) mutually bound for the performance
of the covenants; among which is the covenant for the payment of freight. But here the goods are not so bound ; end if they were, it would only extend to the goods of the charterer. But even the goods of the charterer are not bound for the performance of covenants; because, (1) There is no lien for port dues, or demurrage, or any other charges of a similar nature. (2) There is
no lien till freight actuallyearned, and, therefore, ndt if prevented by the freighter, or by a stranger. Yet the owner can recover on the covenant.' (3,) There is no lien upon the goods of the charterer, for what is termed dead freight, i. e. of the unoccupied space., And this lien has no greater extent in equity, than at law., The cases cited, while they disaffirm the lien by contract, equally negative the existence of a generalusage, operative either at law or in equity. How, then, can it be that there is a lien upon the goods of a third person for the charter freight? They do not owe it by contract. The shipper, or the consignee, is not liable for it. Equity first gave the
owner a lien for the freight reserved by bill of

a 2 Miv. 401. b 2 Holt. S)hpp. 178. o Id. Phiflps v. Rodie, 15 East'sRep. 547.
stone, 3 Maule k.Sedw. 205. d Birley v. Gladstone, 2 Meriv. 401.

Birley v. Glad:-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

623

lading, and the law has followed equity. But neither law nor equity have ever gone farther. It follows, that if the freight be paid beforehand, or the bill be freight free, and this be fairly done, there is no lien at all.
If it be competent to the master, with the assent of the charterer, to receive goods on board, on other terms than those of the charter-party, it 'will follow that he must be the conclusive judge of the terms. The authority of the master, in this respect, in a foreign port, is the same in the case of a chartered ship, as in the case of a ship not chartered. The only difference is, that he must have the assent of the charterer. If it were not so, the ship must, in many cases, return home empty; which would be neither for the interest of the owner and charterer, nor would it promote the general interests of commerce and navigation.
The agreement between the charterer and shippers, in this case, was fairly made, with the assent of the master, and for the manifest benefit of the owners. Was it, then, competent for the master to bind the owners by his assent ? Theauthority of the master of a chartered ship, in this respect, is no further restricted by the charterparty, than to require the assent of the charterer, and to receive the goods of the charterer himself, only on the terms of the charter-party. In the event, then, of the failure, in whole or in part, by the charterer, is it not competent for him to fill up the ship? The only limitation is, where goods are put on board, under or in pursuance of the charter-party; or where the conduct of the master

1823. Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. is collusive and fraudulent, and intended to injure ' vhis owner. The express ,contract, then, was, that
V. the goods should be free of freight; and there can Pmea~r. be no implied, where, there is an express contract.
If there was no freight.due by contract, express or implied, for the carriage of these goods, it follows, from the principles already stated, that there could be no lien. It follows, also, from another principle. There can be no lien created or continued without a rightful possession. The possession acquired by the agreement, if held in violation of the agreement, would thereby become a tortious possession.
Could any action be maintained against the consignee for the carriage of these goods ? It is well settled, that where freight is due for the carriage of' goods, the consignee to whom they are delivered, impliedly contracts to pay the freight, and assumpsit may be maintained against him.0 But here no action could be maintained upon the charter-party, for he is no party to it; nor on the bill of lading, for it stipulates that no *freight is to be paid; nor on the implied assumpsit, for there is none.
The case is thus reduced to a single point, and that is, whether the goods in question were the property of Chambers, so that they could not be carried in the ship on any other terms than that of paying the charter freight. Wherever the interest of a third person intervenes, and is connected with the power of control, the master has a discretion,
a Abbott. Shipp. 277. 2 Holt. Shipp; 163.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and may accept or reject. If he accept, he is bound, and so is the owner, as against such third persons, by the terms he agrees to. Suppose the charterer's goods to be pledged in a foreign port, and the pawnee (the charterer being unable to redeem) to refuse to ship under the-charter-party, or unless he has priority;- or suppose them to be attached, or arrested by a creditor; the master has an election, and the owner must abide by the decision.
But it is unnecessary to discuss this question further; for it is plain, that the property, before the shipment, at the time of the shipment, and upon the arrival of the vessel, was, and continued to be, the property of the plaintiffs below. Admit that the surplus, in case of sale, would belong to Chambers, and the plaintiffs were only mortgagees; still, as mortgagees, in possession, they are owners, and Chambers had only an equity of redemption. Nor does a mere interest in the profit and loss, make any difference ;a nor that they were shipped for account and risk of Chambers.b

625
1825. -G- radie
v PaImer.

Mr. Webster, for the plaintiffs in error, in reply, stated, that' it was not contended that these particular goods were bound for all the freight of. the ship; but considering them as the goods of Messrs. Palmer & Co. the claim was for a pro rata freight only. It is clear, by the charter-party, that the

a Haile v. Smith, 1 BOS. 4, Pul. 563. Evans v. Maclett,

1 Lord Raym. 271.

b The St. Jose Indiano, 1 Wheat. Rep. 208. The Aurora,

4 Rob. 218. cited in Note. 1 IViat. 214. 13 Mass. Rep. 76.

VoL. VIL.

79

1823.
Gracie v.
Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ship-owners retained possession of the ship, so as to have a lien for the freight; and that this lien was also expressly reserved by the terms of that instrument. It is equally clear, that this lien ex-
tends to all sub-shippers or strangers. There is no difference as to the validity and strength of this lien, whether it is on the goods of a charterer, or on those of other shippers, although there may be as to its extent; the goods of other shippers being liable for the freight stipulated by them, and the charterer's goods being liable for the whole amount of the charter freight. Have the ship-owners, then, waived the lien which is thus secured to them by the general law, and by this particular contract? If they have done so, it is by some act subsequent to the charter-party. All that is relied on, is what the master did at Calcutta. But supposing the goods to be Palmer's, could the master bind the owners by this agreement ? We contend he could not, because he was limited by the express terms of the charterparty, which provided, that freight should be paid at Philadelphia before the delivery of the cargo. The contract was, that whatever goods were brought should not be delivered till freight was paid. The shippers, and the master, were cognizant of this contract. This provision was a direct limitation of the master's power. He was as much bound by it as by any other part of the charter-party. It is said, that if the master may take goods for diminishedfreight, the same reason authorizes him to take goods for no freight. But it is very obvious, that a freight diminished by cir-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
cumstances, may still be just and reasonable; whilst a contract to carry goods without any freight cannot be so under any circumstances whatever. It necessarily supposes, that freight is paid to the charterer in some other way, to the prejudice of the owners' rights ; since it is absurd to suppose an agreement to carry goods without any compensation. If the charterer might take part of a cargo in this way, he might take the whole, and then what becomes of the owners' rights? Of what use, in such a case, would be the covenant to load the ship? The shippers here assist the charterer in an attempt to break his contract with the owners, by which he had stipulated, that the goods should be holden for freight. The master cannot, where there is a charter-party, vary the rights and duties of the owner bythe billof lading. If he cannot vary the contract in favour of the charterer, neither can he in favour of any body else. If goods be brought with the assent of the owner, though there be no contract, and not even a knowledge of the master, the lien attaches. Nobody was authorized under the charter-party to receive the owners' freight before it was earned, or elsewhere than in Philadelphia.
We contend, then, that the owners' lien is not lost by the agreement made at Calcutta with the assent of the master. (1) Because it is, in effect, an agreement made between the shippers and charterer, to violate the charter-party, to which the master was not competent to assent. (2) Be-

627
1823.
Gracie
v. Palmer.

a Hunter v. Prinsep and others, 10 East's Rep. 378.

628
1823.
GGracde
V.
Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
cause the general authority of the master, as agent of the owners, was limited by the charterparty. The shippers knew of this limitation; and could not, consequently, derive any right under an
agreement made with him, bey6nd the scope of his authority. (3) There is no ground here for saying, that the master was acting independent of the charter-party, as setting up a general ship; nor could he do this, under the circumstances of the case.
But the true view is, that these goods were the goods of Chambers, the charterer, as between him and the ship-owners. They were purchased and shipped by him, and for his account. They were at his risk in transitit. There is no document showing any .interest whatever in Palmer & Co. But there was a parol agreement, that the goods should go consigned to the Messrs. Willings, and that the latter should hold them against the bills drawn by Chambers. The legal property was either in Chambers, or the Willings. The ,generalresiduary property was in Chambers; a pledge or lien only existed in favour of Palmqr. If there was a loss, Chambers was to bear it; if a gain, it was to be his. If the goody have been sold for more than Palmer's debt, Chambers is entitled to the balance. Before the plaintiffs recover back this money, ought they not to show, that the goods, paying freight, do not leave them enough to pay their debt? The lien claimed by them may exist, and yet, in commercial law, the goods may be the property of Chambers. It is so in the contract of insurance; else no man

OF THE UNITED STATES.

629

would ever insure goods liable to freight, or cornmissions, or duties, or any other species of lien.
No goods are brought across the seas without being subject to liens of various sorts; Vpme arising from express contracts, others from the operation of general principles. No one could own goods, if the ownership implied an absence of all liens. Therefore, in the commercial world, he is esteemed owner, for whose account, and at whose risk, they come. Chambers had a clear insurable interest in those goods to the .whole amount of their value, whatever that might be. Palmer had an insurable interest only to. the amount of the bills of exchange. The plaintiffs' claim rests on the operation of the bill of lading; but, that very bill of lading says that the goods are shipped on account and risk of Chambers. This circumstance alone is conclusive. It would be so in the law of prize. The consignee would not be allowed to show an interest by a lien for advances." But Palmer's interest was contingent; he was to have no proprietary interest in the goods, until failure of the acceptance of the bills of exchange, or equivalent security; i. e. until after the arrival of the goods Whatever the words are, that is the legal effect. Now, it has been repeatedly determined in this Court, that where goods are sent to a vendee, to be received at his option, or conditionally, they are the goods of the vendor, until that option be expressed, or

1823.
Gracia
V.
Palmer.

a The Frantes, 8 Cranch'sRep. 335. 418.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
iV'm Gracie
V.
Palmer.

that condition happen.a So, if goods be shipped, to be sold on joint account of the shipper and consignee, or the latter alone, at his option, the
property is not vested until the election is made. b

March l3th. Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of
che Court. This is a writ of error from the Circuit Court -of Pennsylvania, on a judgment, in which the defendants in this Court were plaintiffs in the inferior Court. The suit instituted in that Court, was for the recovery of a sum of money paid under the following circumstances:
The Gracies, being owners of the ship America, chartered her to one Chambers, on a voyage to India. Chambers accompanied the vessel, and, at Calcutta, put her up as a general ship, with notice, however, of his being charterer, not owner. Finding it difficult *there to obtain freight, he entered into an arrangement with Palmer, in pursuance of which, the latter supplied him with a quantity of goods, to the value of 80100 pounds, upon the following stipulations: "That Chambers should draw bills, in favour of Palmer & Co., upon his correspondent in Philadelphia, and that the goods should be consigned to the Willings, correspondents of Palmer, in the same place; to whom they should be delivered, freight free, in pledge for the due payment. of Chambers' bills."
When the goods were laden on board the Ame-
a The Venus, (Magee's claim,) 8 Craneh, 253. 275. The Merrimack, (claim of Kinmel & Alberts,) Id. 328.
b The Frances, (Dunham's claim,) 8 Cranch, 354. S. C. 9 Cranch, 183.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

rica, the ship-master signed bills of lading, stating them to be shipped on account and risk of Chambers, to be delivered to the Messrs. Willings of Philadelphia. And in that part of the bill of
lading in which the freight is usually specified, are inserted these words : "Freight for the said goods having been settled here." Indorsed on the bill of lading are the mLrks and numbers of the several packages, and on its face are written these words: "MMarks and numbers on the back of this bill, countersigned. Hugh Chambers." This is the endorsement noticed in the stated case. A charter-party, with all the usual covenants and formalities, was entered into by the parties, in which the owner undertakes to furnish and navigate the ship, and the charterer to pay the sum of 32,000 dollars for the use of her, with certain specific reservations not material to the decision of any of the questions raised in argument. The clause which stipulates for the payment of the compensation is in these words: " The said charterer covenants," &c. " that he will pay to the owners, on the return of the said ship to Philadelphia,and before the discharge of her cargo there, in approved notes," &c. the sum stipulated for.
The ca~e stated affirms, that the whole transac-
tion in Calcutta was effected in good faith; that it was done with the knowledge and assent of the ship-master, and was, under all circumstances, "the best he could do for the interest of the owners of the ship."
The bill of lading was enclosed to the Wil-

1823.
Gmdeo
v.
limer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. ' G"rad,ie.
V.
Palmer.

lings, with information of the arrangement between Palmer and Chambers; and the drawees of Chambers' bill, having refused to accept them,
the Willings demanded the delivery of the goods,
freight free. The Gracies refused to deliver the goods, insisting on their right to the freight usually paid on such goods from India, whether they were the property of Palmer, or of Chambers. And in order to get possession of the goods, the freight was accordingly advanced by the Willings, and this action brought to recover it back.
The cause was decided in the Court below upon a case stated, in nature of a special verdict, which finds alternatively for the one or the other party, according to the law of the case. The judgment of the Circuit Court was in favour of the defendants.
Much of the argument be'ow appears to have turned upon the general rights and liabilities of owner and charterer under the contract ofaffreightment; but the learned and elaborate argument of the presiding Judge in the Court below, has relieved this Court from much discussion on that part of the subject. The doctrine, as laid down there, and as stated by the counsel here, exhibits no material shades of distinction. It is, in fact, the common law doctrine of bailment, and common carriers, applied to transportation on the ocean.
The carrier may hire his vehicle, or his team, or his servant, for the purposes of transportation; or he may undertake to employ them himself in the act of transporting the goods of another. It is

OF THE UNITED STATES,

in the latter case only, that he assumes the liabilities, and acquires the rights of a common carrier.

So, the ship owner, who let his ship to hire to another, whether manned and equipped or not, enters

into a contract totally distinct from that of him who engages to employ her himself in the trans-

portation of the goods of another. In the for-

mer case, he parts with the possession to another,

and that other becomes the carrier; in the latter, he retains the possession of the ship, although

the hold may be the property of the charterer;

and being subject to the liabilities, he retains the

rights incident to the character of a common car-

rier.

On examining the cases in which this subject

has engaged the attention of Courts of justice, it

will be found, that the great difficulty generally

has been, to decide in which of these two rela-

tions the ship-owner had placed himself, under

the particular stipulations of the charter-party;

and how far he has put it in the power of the char-

terer to defeat his acknowledged right to a lien for

the freight. The present case suggests the addi-

tional question, how far it lies in the power of the ship-master to defeat this lien, or otherwise sanc-

tion a departure from the letter of the charter-

party.

The cause has been argued as one vitally im-

portant to the commercial world; and very strong

views have been presented of the injuries that

might be sustained by foreign shippers on the one

hand, and by ship-owners on the other, as the

one or the other alternative of the stated case

VOL. VIIL

80

633 1823.
V. a "

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. shall obtain the sanction of this Court. But it is obvious that most, if not all of these suggestions,
V. have been the offspring of a zealous, rather than Paler.a calm survey of possible consequences.
The contract of affreightment, like every other contract, is the creature of the will of the contracting parties. It may be varied to infinity, and easily adapted to the exigencies of either party, or of any trade. It is only where the express contract is silent, that the implied contract can arise. It is possible, that a captain and a charterer might connive at a fraud, and pass a chartered vessel upon foreigners as an unchartered vessel; but it is not very probable, and would be extremely difficult. Yet it is not easy to conceive any other case in which a foreign affreighter can be exposed to imposition, while it is always in his power to inspect the charter-party, and determine, from its stipulations, how far he may venture to ship his goods upon a special contract. The general liability of goods for freight, is known to all mercantile men; and a stipulation in a charterparty, "that no goods shall be landed from the vessel until the freight is paid," will always alarm the fears of any prudent shipper.
But this case does not imperiously call for a decision upon the general question. The goods are expressly laden on board as the property of Chambers, " on his account and risk." And the question is not, how far his contract may exempt the goods of another from freight, but how far he may encumber his own goods with a lien, which

OF THE UNITED STATES.
shall ride over or supersede their general liability for the freight.
We turn, in the first place, to the express contract of the parties, to afford a solution of the question. But there we find that the charterer cannot, without an express violation of his contract, deliver to the consignee a single article, not only until its own peculiar freight be paid, but until the payment of the sum of 32,000 dollars, the whole of the freight reserved to the owner.
On what principles rests the general lien 9 f goods for freight? The master is the agent of the ship-owner, to receive and transport; the goods are improved in value, by the cost and cares of transportation. As the bailee of the shipper, the goods are in the custody and possession of the master and ship-owner, and the law will not suffer that possession to be violated, until the labourer has received his hire. But this is literally the effect of that provision in the charter-party, which deprives the charterer of the right of landing the cargo until the stipulated hire be paid; or rather, it would seem to go beyond it, and impose a liability beyond what the common law exacts. It may, therefore, be fairly construed into a stipulation, that the charterer should, under no circumstances, dispense with the legal lien of the shipowner.
The question, then, is, who has trusted this charterer ? for he that trusts must pay.
That the ship-owner would not confide in the charterer to land his goods without buying off his right to detain, is expressly proved by the contract.

635
1823.
Grade
v. Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
182,3. That contract was accessible to the foreign shipGracie Sper, and ought to have been looked into to deter-
V. mine the extent of the power vested in the charPaber. terer. Whether he neglected this precaution,.or
contracted with the charterer knowing of this restriction on his power to contract, he is the party that trusts. The charterer has contracted with the shipper to do an act, which he could not perform without violating his own contract to the ship-owner, and must, therefore, be considered as having entered into a contract, subordinate in its nature to that previously existing between the owner and charterer. And as the undertaking of the charterer to Palmer, could only be performed upon first complying with his undertakings to the owner, he must be considered as having rested on the personal responsibility of the charterer for the removal of that obstacle.
That, in ordinary -cases of the hypothecation of goods, the lien for freight would take precedence, cannot be questioned; and in a late adjudication, on a case strikingly similar to the present, and in the Courts of a nation, which thoroughly understands the laws and interests of commerce, (Faith
v. The East India Company, 4 Barnw. 4- Ald. 630.) it has been held, that goods so circumstanced, were bound to the whole extent of the liability of the charterer to the ship-owner for freight. In the present instance, a pro rata freight only is demanded. In the same case, it was further decided, that the ship-owner retained his lien for freight, on goods shipped by. third

OF THE UNITED STATES.
persons, even after the drawing of freight-bills, in favour of another, by previous agreement.
But it is contended, that the case where goods are shipped freight free, or the freight has been actually paid, remains undecided; that the lien for freight attaches only where freight was actually due, but in neither of those cases, (that of payment or redemption,)-could it be predicated of freight that it was due.
Had the reasoning of the Judges, in the case of Faith against The East India Company, been followed out to its unavoidable consequences, it would seem, that no doubt should have been expressed by them upon such a case. For, if the ground of that decision was, that the ship-owner was not bound to deliver the goods until his freight was paid, it would seem to be immaterial whether it had been previously paid to the charterer, or to any other not authorized to receive it on account of the owner. But whatever might be the opinion of this Court upon a cause so circumstanced, it is obvious, that this is not a case of that nature.
These goods were not shipped freight free, nor was the freight actually paid upon them. The words upon the bill of lading are, " freight settled here." And their ambiguity being explained by other parts of the case stated, there is made out a case, in which the freight was no farther settled than by the arrangement made with Palmer, for the purpose of postponing the freight to the defendant's lien for advances of money, or the payment of bills. The compensation for carriage,

637
182,.
Grade
V. Palmer.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

!823.
(Gracie
V.
Palmer.

although disguised under the form of possible profits upon the sales of the goods shipped, still ex-
isted; for freight is one of the charges which the consumer pays. It is, then, only an evasion of the rights of the owner, and presents a facility to evasion which ought not to be encouraged. If it be said, that the payment of freight was, nevertheless, contingent and uncertain, the reply still is, that this is a subject for consideration between the charterer and the shipper, and could not be sanctioned as the means of evading the express provision in the charter-party against the right of delivery before the payment of freight. Although no freight had been due to the charterer, there was unquestionably a large sum. due the owner; and by the terms of his agreement, literally construed, he was not bound to open the hatches untilthe whole sum was paid. This, however, is more than is contended for upon the plaintiffs' construction of the contract; and more, unquestionably, than would have been sustained as against other shippers; it is not, in this instance, insisted upon as against the charterer himself. But, in fact, this memorandum of the captain on the subject of freight, is altogether an immaterial circumstance in a bill of lading made to the charterer himself. With whom was he at liberty to settle the freight upon his own shipments, to the prejudice of the ship-owner ?
And this leads to the consideration of the last point made in argument for the defendants; to wit, that the acts of the captain bound the ship-owner to a compliance with the stipulations made to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
defendants, Palmer & Co., to the prejudice of the lien insisted on by the present plaintiffs. That is, that either the captain alone, or the captain and charterer together, could devest the owner, both of his implied and express right to detain these goods.
Whence is such a power to be deduced? Not from the charterer's rights in the ship, nor from the master's power over the ship ; but it is supposed to result from the necessity of the case, the nature of the interest acquired by the charterer, and the general powers of a ship-master, as incident to the duties which he is called upon to perform.
But it is perfectly clear, that it is not in the power of the master to release the charterer from his contract to the owner. It is only when the contract is at an end by misfortune, or by the acts of the charterer, that he is called to the exercise of that latitude of power over the ship, which may lead to a resumption of the right to lade her for the benefit of all concerned. In the mean time, lie has no power to modify the contract entered into with his owner; since all the power delegated to him, while the charter-party continues to operate, is to perform the undertakings of his employer in the fulfilment of the contract. When abandoned by his charterer, he is of necessity -cast upon himself to do the best he can for all concerned; and whether that be to return empty, or to take in such freight as may offer, he is still acting under his original relations with his owner; for, if not actually carrying into effect the

639 1823.
v. p

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
0maois
V.
Palm r

stipulations of the charter-party, his general duty is to do nothing that can release the charterer from his liability under it. This is altogether inconsistent with the idea of his being authorized xo modify or dispense with the terms of the-charter'party.
So far as the interests of the charterer may be affected by the want of power to modify contracts for freight, in any manner that exigencies may requ're, it has been before observed, that this should have been attended to in making his contract with the owner. And as it is very certain, that a release from the ordinary security of the carrier, must have been purchased by an enhanced price orVersonal security; so, it would be highly unjust to subject the owners to a loss of their ordinary security, without compensation in price, or extraordinary security as the substitute. As to the interests of ship-owners themselves, it is enough,
for the present case, to say, "let them judge for themselves:"
But there is very great reason to think, that the acts of the master, in this case, have had views and
effects attributed to them, directly the reverse of his intention and understanding in performing those acts. It is observed by one of the Judges, in the decision before alluded to, " that had the captain done his duty, he never would have taken goods on board on which the owner would have no lien." It is right that a construction should be given to the conduct of the master, which may comport both with a knowledge, and a due observance of his duty. And in this view of the case,

OF ThE UNITED STATES.
notwithstanding his privity to the arrangement between the charterer and shipper, as he was himself called upon to dono act that could deprive his owner of his lien, he might well have considered the stipulation between the charterer and shipper as, a matter inter alios ; in pursuance of which, his employer could sustain no loss, however the charterer might render himself liable to the shipper for consequences. Such was certainly not the understanding of the shipper, as to the effect of his contract with the charterer, but he might have been better informed by studying the charterparty; and, non constat, if the captain hiad been required to sign a bill of lading to the shipper, with an explicit stipulation, that the goods should be free from liability to his owner, that he would have been betrayed into such a breach of duty, or assumption of power. He might well have supposed, that in signing this bill of lading to Chambers, and not to Palmer, he was doing no act that could impair the rights and interests of his employer.
We are, therefore, of opinion, that there is error in the judgment of the Circuit Court ; that it must be reversed, and a mandate issue to enter judgment for the defendants below, agreeably to the case stated.
Judgment reversed.

1823.
Gracie
v. Palm

VOL. VIIL

OF THE UNITED STATES.

421

no evidence of a sale to Desmoland; none of his alien character, if there had been a sale to 'him; the sale to L'Amoureaux did not subject her to forfeiture; and not a- fact had been made out in evidence, which was not even more reconcilable with a state of innocence than a state of guilt.
I confess I think it a hard case.

182s.
Wormley
o. Woriey.

Decree affirmed, wltt costs.

[CHA.iCERY. TRUST. JuaRscIo.]
HUGH WALLACE WORMLEY, THOMIAS STRODE,
RICHARD VEITCH, DAVID CASTLEMIAN, and CHARLES M'CoRMICK, A-ypellants,
V.
MARY WORMLEY, Wife of Hugh Wallae Wormley, by GEORGE F. STROTHER, her next friend, and
JOHN S. WORMLEY, MARY W. WORMLEY, JANE
B. WORMLEY, and ANNE B. WORMLEY, infant children of the said Mary and Hugh Wallace, by the said STROTHER, their next friend, Respondents.
A trustee cannot purchase, or acquire by exchange, the trust property. Where the trustee in a marriage settlement has a power to sell, and
reinvest the trust property, whenever, in his opinion, the purchase money may be laid out advantageously for the cesfui que trus18, that opinion must be fairly and honestly exercised, and the sale Vil be void where he appears to have been influenced by private and .selfish interests, and the sale is for an inadequate price. Quere, How far a bone fide purchaser, ithout notice of the breach

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Wormley V.
Wormley.

of trust,in sucha case, isbound to see to the application of the

Spurchase

money ?

Where the purchase money is to be reinvested upon trusts that reqdiro time and discretion, or the acts of sale and reinvestment are contemplated to be at a distance fibm each other, the purchaser i6 not

bound to look to the application of the purchase money. But wherever the purchaser is affected with notice of the facts, which
in law constitute the breach of trust, the sale is void as to him; and a mere general denial of all knowledge of fraud will not avail him, if the transaction is such as a Court of equity cannot sanction. A,bonw.fidei purchaser, without notice, to be entitled to protection, must be so, not only at the time of the contract or conveyance, but until the purchase money is actually paid.
This Court will not suffer its jurisdiction, in an equity cause, to b6 ousted, by the circumstance of the joinder or non-joinder of merely formal parties, who are not entitled to sue, or liable to be sued, in the
United States'-Courts.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Virginia. The originiil bill was filed by the respondents, Mary Wormley, and her infant children, suing by their next friend, against the appellants, (Jugh W. Wormley, her husband, Thonias Strode, as trustee, Richard Veitch, as original purchaser, and David Castleman and Charles M'Cormick, a mesne purchasers from Veitch of the trust property, for. the purpose of enforcing the trusts of a marriage settlement, and obtainiing an account,
and other equitable relief. The bill charged the sale to have been a breach of the trusts, and that
the purchasers had notice. In contemplation of a marriage between Hugh
W. Wormley and Mary Wormley, (then Strode,) an indenture of three parts was executed on the
5th of August, 1807, by way of marriage settlement, to which the husband and wife, and Thomas Strode, her brother, as trustee, were parties.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

423

The indenture, after reciting the intended marriage, in case it shall take effect, and in bar of dower andjointure, &c, &c. conveys all the real and personal estate held by flugh W. Wormley, under a certain indenture specified in the deed, as his paternal inheritance, to Thomas Strode, in fee, upon the following trusts, viz. "for the use, beirefit, and emolument of the said Mary and her children," if any -she have, until the 'decease of ber intended husband, and then, 'if she should be the. longest liver, until the children should respectively arrive at legal maturity, at which time each individual of them is to receive his equal dividend, &c. leaving at least one full third part of the estate, &c. in her possession, for and during her natural life; then, on her decease, the landed part of the said one third to be divided among the children, &c. and the personal property, &c. according to the will, &c. of the said Mary, at. her decease. But- if the said Mary should depart this life before the decease of the said Hugh W. Wormley, then he is to enjoy the whole benefits, emoluments, -and profits, during his natural life,. thqn to be divided amongst said W.'s children, as he by will shall see cause to direct, ani then this trust,- so far as relates to T. .Strode, to end, &c.; and so, in like manner, should the said Mary depart this life without issue, then this trust tp end, &c.. But shouldWormley depart this life before the said Mary, and leave no issue, then the said Mary to have and enjoy the whole of said estate for and during her natural

1823.
Wonday
V. Worm'ey.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. \airv
:Wormley
v.
Wonnley.

life, and then to descend to the heirs of the said W., *or as his will relative thereto may provide."
Then follows this clause. " And it is further covenanted, &c. that whenever, in the bpinion

of the said Thomas Strode, the said landed property can be sold and conveyed, and the money arising from the sale thereof be laid out in.the purchase of other lands, advantageously for those concerned and interested therein, that then, and in that case, the said Thomas Strode is hereby authorized, &c. to sell, and by proper deeds of writing to convey the same; and the lands so purchased, shall be in every respect subject to all the provisions, uses,, trusts, and contingencies, as those were by him sold and conveyed. And it is further understood by the parties, that the said H. W. W.,under leave of the said Thomas Strode, his heirs and assigns, shall occupy and enjoy the hereby conveyed estate, real and personal, and the iAsues and profits thereof, for and during the term of his natural life, and after that, the said estate tt be divided agreeably to the foregoing contingencies"-
The property conveyed by the indenture consisted of about 350 acres of land, situate in Frederick county, in Virginia. The marriage took effect, and there are now fou-. children by the marriage. For a short time after- the marriage, Wormley nd his wife resided on the Frederick
lands; and a negotiation was then entered into by Wormley and the trustee, for the exchange of the Frederick lands for lands of the trustee, in the county of Fauquier. Various reasons were sug-

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

4Z

gested for this exchange, the wishes of friends, 1823. the proximity to the trustee and the other relations '"/''
Wonaley
of the wife, and the superior accommodations for V. the family of Wormley. The negotiation took Worrley.

effect; but no deed of conveyance or covenant of agreement, recognising the exchange, was ever made by Wormley; and no conveyance of any sort, or declaration of trust, substituting the Fauquier lands for those in the marriage settlement, was ever executed by the trustee. Wormley and his family, however, removed to the FauquieA

lands, and resided on them for some time. During this residence, viz. on the 16th of September, 1810, the trustee sold the Frederick lands by an indenture, to the defendant, Veitch, for the sum of five thousand five hundred dollars; and to this conveyance Wormley, for the purpose of signifying his approbation of the sale, became a party. The circumstances of this transaction were as follows: The trustee had become the owner of a tract of land in Culpepper counir in Virginia, subject to a mortgage to Veitch, and one Thompson, upon which more than $000 dollars were then due, and a foreclosure had taken place. To discharge this debt, and relieve the Culpepper estate, was a leading object of the sale, and so much of

the trust money as was necessary for the extinguishment of this debt, was applied for this purpose. At the same time, Strode, as collateral security to Veitch for the performance of the covenant of general warranty contained in the inden-

ture, executed a mortgage upon the Fauquier lands, then in the possession of Wormley. In

VOL. VIII.

54

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. 1811, Veitch conveyed the Frederick lands to the Sdefendants, Castleman and MICormick, for a large
Wormley
V. pecuniary consideration, in pursuance of a preWormley. vious agreement, and by the same deed made an
equitable assignment of the mortgage on the Fauquier lands. About this time, Wormley having become dissatisfied with the Fauquier lands, a negotiation took place for his removal to some lands of the trustee in Kentudky; and upon that occasion a conditional agreement was entered into between the trustee and Wormley, for the purchase of a part of the Kentucky lands, in lieu of the Fauquier lands, at a stipulated price, if Wormley should, after his removal there, be satisfied with them. Wormley accordingly removed to Kentucky with his family; but becoming dissatisfied with the Kentucky lands, the agreement was never carried into effect. Afterwards, in April, 1813, Castleman and M'Cormick, by deed, released the mortgage on the Fauquipr lands, in consideration, that Veitch would enter into a general covenant of warranty to them of the Frederick lands; and on the same day, the trustee executed a deed of trust to one Daniel Lee, subjecting the Kentucky lands to a lien as security for the warranty in the conveyance of the Frederick lands, and subject to that lien, to the truss of the marriage settlement, if Wormley should accept these lands, reserving, however, to himself, a right to substitute any other lands upon which to charge the trusts of the marriage settlement. At this period the dissatisfaction of Wormley was known to all the parties, and Wormley was neither a party, nor aasented to the deed; and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

427

Castleman and M'Cormick had not paid the purchase money. In August, 1-813, the trustee sold the Fauquier lands to certain persons by the name of Grimmar and Mundell, without making any other provision for the trusts. of the marriage settlement.
At the -hearing, the Court below pronounced a decree, declaring, " that the exchange of land made between the defendants, Hugh W. Wormley and Thomas Strode, is not valid in equity, and that the defendant, Thomas Strode, has committed a breach of trust in selling the land conveyed to him by the deed of the 5th of August, 1807, for purposes not warranted by that deed, in misapplying the money produced by the said sale, and in failing to settle other lands to the same trusts as were created by the said deed; and that the defendants, Richard Veitch, David Castleman, and Charles M'Cormick, are purchasers, with notice of the facts which constitute the breach of trust committed by the said Thomas Strode, and
are, therefore, in equity, considered as trustees; and that the defendants, David Castleman, and Charles M'Cormick, do hold the land conveyed, &c. charged with the trusts in the said deed mentioned, until a Court of equity shall decree a conveyance thereof. The Court is further of opinion, that the said defendants are severally accountable for the rents and profits arising out of the said trust property while in possession thereof, and that the said defendants, Castleman and M'Cormick, are entitled to the amount of the encumbrances from which the land has been relieved by any of

1823.
Wormley W.
Wormlay.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
182&3. the defendants, and of the value of the 'permanent Wormley Simprovements made thereqn, and of the advances
V. which have been made to the said Hugh Wallace woemey. Wormley, by any of the defendants, for the sup-
port of his family; the said advances to be credited against therents and profits, and the value of the said permanent improvements, and of the encumbrances which have been diseharged, and which may not be abated by the rents and profits, to be charged on the land itself; and it is referred to One of the. commissioners of the Court to take accounts according to their directions, and re-
port," &c. The Court, afterwards, partially confirmed the
report which had been made, reserving some questions for its future decision : " and it being represented on the part of the plaintiffs, that they have removed to the State of Kentucky, and are about removing to the State of Mississippi, and that it will be highly advantageous to them to sell the trtmt estate, and to invest the proceeds of sale in other lands in the Stater of Mississippi, to the. uses and trusts ,xpressed in the deed of August 5, 1807; and it aplIearing, also, that there is no fund other than the trust estate from which the sum due to the defendants, Castleman and M'Cormick, can be drawn, this' Court is further of opinion,"that the said trust estate ought to be sold, and the proceeds of sale, after paying the sum due to the defendants, Castleman and M'Cormiek, invested in other lands in the State of Mississippi, to the same uses and trusts," &c. The sale, therefore, was decreed; commissioners were appointed to make it; the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

429

proceeds to be first applied in satisfaction of the sums found due by the commissioner's report, and the balance to be paid to the trustee, to be invested by him in lands lying in Mississippi, "for which he shall take a conveyance to himself in trust, for the uses and trusts expressed in the deed of 5th of August, 1807, &c. and the Court being of opinion, that Thomas Strode is an unfit person to remain the trustee of the plaintiff, doth further order, that he shall no longer act in that character," &c. and proceed to appoint another in his stead, of whom
bond and surety was required. So much of this last decretal order as directs a
sale of the property therein mentioned, was suspended until the further order of the Court, (,unless the said David Castleman and Charles M'Cor-
mick, shall sign and deliver to the marshal, or his' deputy, who is directed to make the said sale, an instrument of writing, declaring, that should the decree rendered in this cause be reversed in whole or in part, they will not claim restitution of the lands sold, but will consent to receive in lieu thereof, the money for which the same may be sold ; which instrument of writing the marshal is directed to receive, and to file among the papers
in the cause in this Court." So much of the decretal order as directs the
land to be sold to the highest bidder, was subsequently set aside, and until the appointment of a trustee, the marshal directed to receive propositions for the land, and to report the same to the Court, which would give such further directions re-
specting the sale of the said land as shall then ap-

1825.
Wormley
v.
WorWICy.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
v Wormley
V.
W"o'ley.
Feb. I8t.

pear proper. Whereupon, the defendants appealed from all the decrees pronounced in the cause.
Mr. Jones, for the appellants, argued, 1. That
in point of fact, all the arrangements of the trus-
tee for exchanging and disposing of the trust estate, were not only fair and honest, but a discreet exercise of his authority; highly beneficial to the cestui que trusts, and entirely to their advantage.
2. That whether they were so or not, was no concern of the purchasers under the trustee: he being invested, by the terms of the trust, with a clear discretion, which invited all the world to treat with him, as with one having a complete authority to act upon his own opinion of what was discreet and expedient in the administration of the trust, and not as with one executing a defined duty or authority, either purely ministerial, or mixed with a limited digeretion over the subordinate details..
3. That the selling of the trust estate, and the inveting of the proceeds, were, in their nature, and by the.terms of the deed,.to be two distinct substantive acts in the exercise of the discretionary authority vested in the trustee; and were not to be done unoflatu: therefore the purchaser claiming a title under one consummate act in the exercise of that discretion, was not responsible for any subsequent indiscretion or fraud of the trustee, in the progressive execution of the trust. Wherever the deed confers an immediate power of sale, for a purpose which cannot be immediately defned and ascertained, but must be postponed for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

any period of time, however short, the purchaser is not bound to see to the application of the purchase money.a It is observed by Sir W. Grant, Master of the Rolls, that the doctrine, binding the purchaser to see to the application of the money, has been carried farther than any sound
equitable principle will warrant.' But it has never been extended to a case like the present, where the mode in which the i6ioney is to be invested, depends upon a variety of contingent and complicated circumstances, which are submitted to the judgment and discretion of the trustee. Where the trust is, to pay debts and legacies, the purchaser is discharged by payment to a trustee.'
But it might, perhaps, be said, that the authority to sell is combined with that to apply the proceeds.
But he contended that they were entirely independent and unconnected. They might indeed be associated in the mind of the trustee, but that remaining a secret in his breast, could not affect an innocent purchaser with the consequences of any subsequent error or fraud of the trustee. Where indeed the cestui que trust is no party to the sale, nor to the original deed creating the trust, there may be more room for the application
of the doctrine, as to the purchaser seeing to the application of the money. Such are deeds of assignment for the payment of debts, in which the creditors are frequently not, originally, parties.

1823.
Wormley
V. Wormley.

a Balfour v. Weland, 16 Ve8. 150. b 1&156. r Co. Itt. 290 b. Budi. Notel. s. 12.

M
182 .
\
WobyV.
WOMIey,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
And in the case cited, the Master of the Rolls -says, that the circumstance of the creditorsi-oming in-and executing the deed, consummates the au-
thoiity of the trustee, to give a valid discharge for
the purchase money of an estate sold by him." But here the cestui que trusts are not only parties to the deed creating the trust, but assenting to the very transaction now complained of.
4. So that if the mere discretion of the trustee
benot competent, per se, strictly to justify the purchasersunder him; and to protect their title; still, the peculiar circumstances of this case give them a superinduced equity against the claims of the ce&fi que trusts: let. The previous consultation and delibeorteapprobhtion-of the respective parents, and other disinterested friends of such ofthe cestui quw twst as were ui jU7Zs. 2dly. The agency of those who were suijuris, in soliciting and recommeiiding the-'measure in question, their active co-operation in. it, and their subsequent acquiesceace. Sdly. The approbation of the parents of such of theoestui qyew rustsas were not sui juri& These circumstances would .have afforded sufficient evidence of the expediency of the measure. to hie induced a Court of Chindery, upon the applic6afion of the prtieq, ;to have sanctioned and ditected it. Coiqieuently, all the'preseitpleiu. ifi -are devestd of 'every .premsioton equitable relief: and so.farasthec.iiuis.urged for the advantage of those who were sd justfs, and who, by their active co-operatiQ and implicit acquiescence

a BUfourv. We6ig10,V6s. 157.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
encouraged and promoted the sale, it must be re- 1823 pudiated by the Court as inequitable and uncon- Worm]" scientious. Wormley and wife were the efi~ieut v. cestui que'trusts. The equitable proprietary i w o terest was in them. They were both sui juris. A -married woman is considered as a feme sole as to property settled to her use, whether in possession or reversion, and she may dispose of it, unless particularly restrained by the terms of the settlement.a
There is no such universal, inflexible rule, as that the trustee cannot change the trust estate. If he had a diseretionary power, it signifies not how the payment was made, and whether a credit was given or not. Nor is this such a purihase, by the trustee himself, as will invalidate the sale in respect to bomzfidei purchasers.c It is not a sale by himself t6 himself. He does not unite both the characters of vendor and vendee, and, therefore, it does not-involve the mischiefs meant to be corrected by the rule. The consent .of the cestui que trztsts who are sui juris, confirms -the sale, at least as to these innocent purchasers.
5. Bet if all these positions should be overruled,

a Sturge s v. Corp, 13 Ves. 190. [See, on the subject of the power of a fame eovert over her separate estate, the Methodist Episcoaa.Chwuch v. Jaqs, 3 Jots. Gh.Rep. 77. and Ewing v.Smit, s Desausur'sRep. 417.]
6 2 FonbL .q. 88. note f. 1 FonbL Eq. 191-196. Fraser v. Bailey, 1 Bro. Cl Rep. 517.
c IVWhitecote v. Lawrence, 3 Yes. jr. 740. Lister v. Lister, 6 Yes. 631. EparteJames, 8 Yes. S48. Coles v. Trecothick, 9 Ves. 246. Randall v. Erringtoq, 16 Ves. 423.

VOL. VIH.

55

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. he insisted, that the decree of. the Court below Swas. erroneous in its details: because it should,
Wovrrley in the first instance, have decreed, as against the Worm"ley. trustee himself, an execution of the trust; and, in
the alternative of his failure and inability, the repayment of the purchase money by Veitch, the original purchaser from the trustee; and the land in the hands of the appellants, Castleman and M'Cormick, who were purchasers with a general warranty from Veitch, as he was from the trustee, should have been the last resource, after the others had been exhausted; and then only to raise the money due, giving Castleman and M'Cormick an option to retain the land by paying the money; instead of decreeing the land to be sold at all events for the benefit of the cestui que trusts. The appellants ought not to have been held to account for the mesne profits; because Wormley, the only person yet entitled to receive them, was a party to the sale, and was clearly competent to alien the estate, and the rents and profits, during his life; he being sole cestui que trust for life; and thus, if the sale is to be set aside at all for the benefit of his wife and children, it can only be to the extent of protecting and securing their future and contingent- interests.
6. He also contended, that the bill must be dismissed for want of jurisdiction. Wormley, the husband, is made a party defendant, though he is a citizen of the same State with his wife and infant children, who are plaintiffs.9
a Strawbridge v. Curtis, 3 Cranch'a Rep. 267. Corporatioa of New-Orleans v. Winter, 1 Wheat. R&p. 94.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The Attorney General,contra, argued, 1.That the trustee had broken every one of the trusts he
had undertaken to perform, on assuming the fiduciary character. If he, therefore, were now in the actual possession of the Frederick lands, if he had conveyed them, and taken back a reconveyance to his own use, there could be no question, that a Court of equity would hold these lands in his possession subject to the original trusts. But if the appellants purchased with knowledge-of the trusts, and of the breach of trust, equity converts them into trustees, with all the liabilities of the original trustee.a He argued upon the. facts to show, that they were chargeable with this-knowledge. Although they had denied, in the answer, all fraud on their own part, and all knowledge of fraud in others, yet they do not deny a knowledge of such facts as affects them with the consequences of the trustee's misconduct.
2. It may be laid down as a general proposition, that. trustees are incapable of becoming the purchasers of the trust subject. The two characters of buyer and seller are inconsistent: Emptor emit quam minimo potest, 'oenditrr vendit quam maziino potest.' Where the trust is for persons not suijuris,as fenms covert, infants, and the like, the Court will, under no circumstances whatever, be they ever so fair between the parties, (as consuiting friends, &c.) confirm a.purchase of the

1823. v.

a Adair v. Shaw, 1 Scho. 4- Left. 862. Sanders 3. Dehew, 2 Vern. 271. 2 PonbL Eq. 152. 15 Ves. 350. Bovey v. Smith,
I Vern. 149. S.C.2 Cas. in Ch. 124. -b Sugd. 'end. 422, 423. and cases there cited.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. trust property by the trustee, unless it be done Sunder the immediate authority and sanction of the
f.7 Court.a It cannot be established even by a sale
WormI1y. at public auction, or before a master.' The only
hnode in which it can be done, is by a previous decree of permission, which the Court will not grant, unless where it is clearly for the benefit of the cestui que trust. A sale made without such permission, may, or may not, be confirmed, at the option of the cestui que trust And in order to set aside a purchase by a trustee, it is not necessary to-show, that he has made any advantage by his purchase. But the whole of this subject has been so thoroughly examined by Mr. Chancellor Kent, in several cases determined by him, that it is -unnecessary to do more than to give the Court a general reference to the authoritieff cited by him! The rule is hpplicable with peculiar force to the present case, because here the purchase was not under the sanction of the Court, nor at a master's 89b, nor at auction, where the trustee resists a fair cbmpetitioi; there was no payment of the purdbhge money to the use of any of the cestuis quw
t ; and (if we were bound to show, that the trustee has made an advantage) he has made all
a Davidson, v. Gardner.
6 Strl. Vend. 427. e I. 432. d 5Ve. 678. 6 Pef 631.
e Ex pare James, 8 'en. S48. Ex parte Bennett, 10 Ves.
SO3.
f Gieen v. Winter, 1 Joms. Ch. Re&p. 27. Schiefflih v. Stewart, i. 620. Davoue v. Fanning, 2 Joms. Ch. ep. 252.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

4a7

the advantage. If Strode had been a trustee merely for. the purpose of sale, he could not have acquired the trust fund by purchase. But his was not a mere power to sell; it was a power to sell, whenever he could, in his honest Qpinion, invest the proceeds of the sale advantageously iii other lands, -to be settled to the same uses. The sale, without a rinvestment, was a breach of trust. Those who purchased under him had notice of
the breach of trust. 3. The general principle is, that a purchaser
from a trustee is bound to see to the applicatioi of the purchase money. But that principle is stated with this limitation, that he is only thus bound where the trust is of a defined and limited nature, and not where it is general and unlimited, as a trust for the payment of debts generally.a
That -is, if the trust be of such a nature that the purchaser may reasonably be' expected to see to the application of the purchase money, as if it be for the payment of legacies, or of debts which are scheduled or specified, the purchaser is bound to see that the money is applied accordingly; and that, although the estate be' sold under a decree of a Court of equity, or by virtue of an act of parliament.' And Mr. Sugden says, that those laost strongly disposed to narrow this rule, do still hold, that where the act is a breach of*duty in the trtustee, it isvery fit that those who deal with him should be affected by an act tending to defeat the

1&2S.
wyonnky
V. Worm'ei.

a Sugd. Vend. 367.
b Id,s68.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Wormley
V. Wormley.

trust of which they have notice.a This is what Sir W. Grant says, in the case cited on the other side, with this addition, that "where the sale is
made by the trustee, in performanceof his duty,
it seems extraordinary that he should not be able tp do what one should think incidental to the right exercise of his power; that is, to give a valid discharge for the purchase 'noney." 'b But here the sale was made, not in performance of the trustee's duty, but in violation of it; and the supposed assent of the husband and wife, to the breach of trust, will not cure it.0

Mfarch 12th. Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the
Court ; and, after stating the case, proceeded as follows:
Such is the general outline of the case; and in the progress of the investigation, it may become necessary to advert to some other facts with more particularity.
And the first question arising upon this posture of -the case is, whether Strode, the trustee, by the sale to Veitch, has been guilty of any breach of trust. And this seems to the Court to be scarcely capable of controversy. That there are circumstances in the case, which raise a presumption of bad faith on the part of the trustee, and expose him to some suspicion, cannot escape observation. But assuming him to have acted with

a Sugd. Vend. 373.
b Balfour v. Willard, 16 Vea. 151.
c Thayer v. Gold, 1 .4tk. 615.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
entire good faith, 'his proceedings were a plain 1823. departure from his duty. In respect to the supposed exchange of the Fauquier for the Frederick WoT.ney lands, it is impossible for a moment to admit its Wormley. validity. In the first place, it was not ma·den-Tb· e- TofhetheezcFhraendgetween parties competent to make it. Wormley ic, for oter had no authority over the estate, after the marriage land, Invuld. settlement. The chief object of that settlement was to secure the property to the use of the wife and children, during the joint lives of the husband and wife. And though it is said, in another part of the deed, that Wormley shall occupy.and enjoy the estate, and the issues and profits thereof, during his life, yet this was to be under leave of the trustee; and to suppose that he thus acquired an equitable interest for life, is to defeat the manifest and direct intention of the other clauses in the deed, which avow the whole object to be the security of the estate, during the same period, for the use of the wife and children. The true and natural construction of this clause is-, that it points to the discretion which the trustee may exercise, as to allowing the husband to occupy the estate, and take the profits for the maintenance of.the family, whenever the trustee perceives it may be safely done, without involving the trustee in any responsibility, to which be might be exposed, by such a permission, without such an authority. But, at all events, the right to dispose of the equitable fee to any one, much less to the trustee himself, did not exist in Wormley; and any exchange attempted to be made by him, however beneficial, would have been utterly void. But no

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1823.
W"ormvl-ey V.
Wonnley.

exchange was in fact consummated. It is true, that the removal to the Fauquier lands took place upon an agreement to this effect; but no definitive conveyance was ever made; and the trustee
himself never settled, and never took a step towards settling, the Fauquier estate upon the trusts of the marriage settlement, as it was his indispensable duty to do, if he meant to conduct himself correctly. As to the substituted Kentucky lands, the transaction was still more delusive. The agreement for the substitution was merely conditional, depending upon the subsequent election of W6rmley, and his dissent put an end to it. As to the conveyance to Lee, ostensibly for the trusts of the settlement, it can be viewed in no other light than an attempt to cover up the most unjustifiable proceedings. That conveyance was not executed until after the dissent and dissatisfaction of Wormley were well known; and so far from its containing any valid performance of the trusts, it expressly gives a prior lien to the purchasers of the Frederi6k lands as security for their covenant of warranty; and to complete the delusion, the trustee reserved to himself the authority to substitute any other lands, leaving the trusts to float along, without fixing them definitively upon any solid foundation. If we add, that the Fauquier lands were mortgaged to the purchasers for the same covenabt; and that -this mortgage was discharged only for the purpose of selling the property to Grimmar and Mundell, we shall come irresistibly to the conclusion, that the trustee never was in a situa-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tion to give an unencumbered title on either the 1823.

Fauquier or Kentu. cky lands, to secure the trusts - Wormlty

and that if he was, he never in fact executed any W. conveyance for thispurpose. In every view, there- Worm.

fore, of' this part of the case, it is clear, that no valid exchange did, or could take place; and that

as there was no equitable or legal transmutation

-of the property from the cestuis que trust, it re-

mained in the trustee, clothed -withall the original

fiduciary interests. But, independent of these considerations, there Rule,that a

is a stubborn rule'of equity, founded upon the pcuufrfcahralys, opppl-imost solid reasoning, and supported by pu.blic ccable'" to ,ts poli-y, which forbade any such exchange. No as

rule.is better settled than that a trustee cannot

become a purchaser of the trust estate. He cannot be at once vendor and vendee. He cannot

represent in himself two opposite and conflicting

interests. As vendor he must always desire to

sell as high, and as purchaser to buy as low, as

possible; and the law has wisely prohibited any

person from assuming such dangerous and incom-

patible characters. If there be any exceptions to the generality of the rule, they are not such as

can affect the present case. On the contrary, if'

there be any cogency in the rule itself, this is a

strong case for its application; for, by the very

terms of the settlement, the trustee was invested

with a large discretion, and a peculiar and exclu-

sive confidence was placed in his judgment. Of

necessity, therefore, it was contemplated, that his

judgment should be free and impartial, and un-

biassed by personal interests. The asserted ex-

VOL. VI11.

56

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. change, so far at least as it affects to justify or

'-v-",,

confirm the proceedings of the trustee, may, there-

Wormiley

v. fore, beat once laid out of the question.

WorWley. Then, was the sale to Veitch a breach of trust ?

The sale The power given to the trustee by the settlement

tVeich, abraanunsainistms breach oftrust. is certainly very broad and unusual in its terms
but it is not unlimited. The trustee had not an

unrestricted authority to sell, but only when, in

his opinion, the purchase money might be laid out

advantageously for the cestui qzie trust. It is true,

the sale and reinvestment are to be decided by his opinion; which is an invisible operation of the

mind. But his acts, nevertheless, are subject to

the scrutiny of the law ; and if that opinion has not

been fairly and honestly exercised, if it has been

swayed by private interests and selfish objects, if the sale has been at a price utterly dispropor-

tidnate to the real value of the property, and the

evidence demonstrate such facts, a Court of vqtity

will not sanction an act which thus becomes a

fraud up~on innocent parties. How far the Much ingenuity has been exercised in a critical
purchaser is
bound to see examination of the nature of the power itself, as tion ofthe pur- to the applica- it stands in the text of the settlement. It is conchase money tended, that the acts of sale, and of reinvestmenlt,

are separate and distinct acts, and the power to

sell is, therefore, to be disjoined from that ofrepur-

chase, so that the sale may be good, though the

purchase money should be misapplied. How far

a bonce fidei purchaser is bound, in a case like the

present, to look to the application of the purchase

money, need not be decided in this case. There

is much reason in the doctrine, that where the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
trust is defin.d in its object, and the prohase 1823. money is to bmeoneryeinvested uponisWtorurmstlsey which require time and discretion, or the acts of sale and v. reinvestment are manifestly contemplated to be Wonnley. at a distance from each other, the purchaser shall not be bound to look to the application of the purchase money; for the trustee is clothed with a discretion in the management of the trust fund, and if any persons are to suffer by his misconduct, it should be rather those who have reposed confidence, than those who.have boughit under an apparently authorized act. But, in the present case, it seems difficult to separate the acts from each other. The sale is not to be made, unless a reinvestment can, in the opinion of the trustee, be advantageously made. He is not to sell upon mere general speculation, but for the purpose of direct reinvestment. And it is very difficult to* perceive how the trustee could arrive at the conclusion, that it was proper to sell, unless he had, at the same time, fixed on some definite reinvestment, which, compared with the former estate, would be advantageous to the parties. Although, therefore, the acts of sale, and purchase, are to be distinct, they are connected with each other; and, at least as to the trustee,.there cannot be an exercise of opinion, such as the trust contemplated, unless he had viewed them in connexion. If he should sell without baving any settled intention to buy, leaving that to be governed by future events, he would certainly violate the confidence reposed in him. Afortiori, if he should sell with an intention not to reinvest, but to speculate, for the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. purpose of relieving his own necessities, or of apSpropriating the trust fund indefinitely to his own
Wormleyv. uses.
WoIrmley. Now, in point of fact, what has the trustee
done in this case ? He has sold the trust property to pay his own debts. He has never applied the proceeds to any reinvestment. To this very hour there has been no just and fair application of the purchase money. The Fauquier lands are gone, the Kentucky lands have been rejected, and are loaded with liens; and there is nothing left but the personal responsibility of the trustee, emlfarTassed and distressed as he must be taken to be, unless the trusts -are still fastened to the Frederick lands. Can it it then be contended for a moment, that there is no breach of trust, when the sale was not for the purposes of reinvestment? "Whenthe party puts his right to sell, not upon an honest exercise of opinion at the time of sale, but upon a distinct anterior transaction, invalid and incomplete, by vhich he became clothed with the beneficial interest of the estate ? When he claims to be, not the disinterested trustee, selling the estate, but the trustee purchasing by exchange -thetrust fund, and thus entitled to deal with it aceording to his own discretion, and for his own private accommodation, as absolute owner? Where the purchase money is to be applied to extinguish his own debts; and there is no proof of his means to 4eplenisb, or acquire an equal sum from other sources? In the judgment of the Court, the sale, was a manifest breach of trust. It was in no proper serse an execution of the power. The power,

QF THE UNITED STATES.

445

in the contemplation of the trustee, -was virtually 1823. extinguished. He sold, not because he intended Wonnley an advantageous reinvestment; but becauseL he V. considered himself the real owner of the Pstate. Wormley. The very letter, as well as the spirit of the power, was, therefore, violated;* for the trustee never exercised an opinion upon that, which was the sole object of the power to sell, an advantageous reinvestment.
The next point for consideration is, whether the defendants, Veitch, and Castleman and M'Cormick, were bone fidei purchasers of the Frederick lands, without notice of the breach of trust. If they had notice of the facts, they are necessarily affected with notice of the law operating upon those facts; and their general denial of all knowledge 6f fraud, will not help them, if,in point of law, the transaction is repudiated by a Court of equity.* If they were boncfidei purchasers, without notice, their title might have required a very different consideration.
And first, as to Veitch. The deed to him con- seTtsheof tphuettcrbuas.t tain'd a recital of the marriage settlement, and poPt af-
fcoted with no-
the power authorizing the sale. He, therefore, icaof the
breach oftrust,
had direct and positive notice of the title of the !oastlovali-
date the sale
trustee to the property. There is the strongestt them. reason to believe that he was fully cognizant of the exchange of the Frederick and Fauquier lands, negotiated between Wormley and the trustee. The certificate from Wormley, respecting the exchange, and expressing satisfaction with it, which was procured a few days. before the sale, and which Veitch now produces, shows that he

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. most have had a knowledge of the exchange. Its " "'~a-pparent object wasto ascertain the state of the woV.Iy title. The removal of the Wormley family, and Wonmey. their known residence, at this time, on the Fau-
.quier lands, strengthen, this presumption. If he knew of -the exchange, he could not but know, that he -purchased of the trustee an estate, which he claimed as his own, in a bargain with an unauthorized person) and that the trustee was, at the same time, the vendor and purchaser. He also knew that'the sale to himseJf was not in executio of the power, or for the purpose of reinvestment; for, according to the other facts, the exchange had already effected that, and no further reinvestment was contemplated. He iook a mortgage, as additional security, for the warranty, on 'the sale of the Fauquier lands, not even now al"leging,that he did not know their identity. And, -nder these circumstances, he could not but know, that there had been no actual conveyance
or declaration of trust of the Fauquier lands, in execution of the trust, for, otherwise, the trustee dould not have mortgaged them to him. He therefore stood by, taking a conveyance from the trustee of the trust, estate, knowing at the same time that no reinvestment had been made, which could be effectuEd, and that no reinvestment was qontemplated as the object of the sale; and, as far as his mortgage could go, he meant to obtain a priority of security, that should ride over any future declaration of trust.
This is not all. The very sale of the trust fund was to be, not for reinvestment, but to pay a large

OF THE UNITED STATES.

447

debt due to himself, upon which a decree of fore- 1823. closure of a mortgaged estate had been obtained; WYornley and he could not be ignorant that the application V. of the trust fund to such a purpose, was a viola- Wormley. tion of the settlement, and afforded a strong presumption that the trustee had no other adequate" means of discharging the debt, or of buying other lands advantageously in the market. And yet, with notice of all these facts, the deed itself, from the trustee to Veitch, contains a recital, that the sale was made "with the intention of investing the proceeds of such sale in other lands, of equal or greater value." This was utterly untrue, and could not escape the attention of the parties. Veitch then had full knowledgi of all the material facts, and he does not even den, it in his answer; for that only denies the inferenci of fraud, which is a mere conclusion of law from the facts, as they are established. Purchasing, the.i, with a full knowledge of the rights of Mrs. ,Vormley and her children, and of the breach 'Of Lrust, Veitch cannot now claim shelter in a Court of equity, as a bonte ftei purchaser for a valuable considera-" tion.
The next question is, whether Castleman and M'Cormick are not in the same predicament. In
the judgment of the Court, they clearly are. They purchased from Veitch, whose deed gave them full notice of the trust, and they could not be ignorant of the recital in it, since their title referred them to it. They must have perceived, that the sale to Veitch, in order to be valid, must have been with a view to reinvestment of the pur-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. chase money in other real estate. It was natural Wor*nileyY'for them to inquire; whether the sale had been
made under justifiable circumstances, and whether Worrley. there had been any such reinvestment. Previous
to the sale to Veitch, they had entered into a negotiation with the trustee himself, for a direct purchase of the Frederick lands; and on that occasion became acquainted with the fact, that the trustee was largely indebted to Veitch, and that one object.of the sale was to apply the proceeds to the payment of that debt. How then could they be ignorant, that the proceeds of the sale, which was .very soon afterwards made to Veiteh, were to be applied to extinguish the same debt, and that the transfer was not in execution of the trust, but to administer to the trustee's own necessities? This is not all. Before the execution of the deed to them, they knew of-the arrangement respecting the Fauquier lands, and that Wormley had become dissatisfied with the bargain. They knew that these lands had not been settled by the trustee upon the trusts of the settlement, and they took an equitable* assignment of the mortgage from Veitch of the same. lands. It may be said, that'the evidence of these facts is not positively made out in the .record; but if.it be not, the circumstantial evidence fully supports the conclusion. The answer itself of Castleman and M'Cormick, does not deny notice of these facts. It states, indeed, that they supposed the transaction with Veitch fair, because they were satisfied that the trustee never received more from Veitch than what he has given the cestuig que trnut credit for.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

449

Was it a fair execution of the trust, -so to sell the 1823.

estate, and to give credit for the proceeds ? To 'Wormley
I '
apply them to pay the trustee's debts, and relieve V. his necessities ? To sell without any definite in- .Wormley.

tention as to a reinvestment? They also deny

all knowledge of fraud. But this is a mere gene-

ral denial, and does not negative the knowledge

of the facts, from which the law-may infer fraud.

The subsequent conduct of Castleman and

M'Cormick shows, that they were not indifferent

to the exectition of' the trust; but that they felt

no interest to secure the rights of the cestuis quc

trust. They were privy to the removal to Ken-

tucky, and exhibited much anxiety to have it ac-

complished. They knew subsequently the dissa-

tisfaction of Wormley with that removal, and with

the Kentucky lands. Yet they, in the year 1813,

relieved the Fauquier lands from their own en-

cumbrance, and enabled the trustee to dispose of

it for other purposes than the fulfilment of the

trusts for which it had been originally destined.

Aid throughout the whole, their conduct exhibits

an intimate acquaintance with the nature of their

own title, and the manner and circumstances

undr-which it had been acquired by Veitch, and

the objections to which it might be liable. And

they ultimately took the general warranty of Veitch,

upon releasing their claim on the Fauquier lands,

as a securitv for its validity.

There

is

a still

stronger

view

which

may be A 6-Jidei
purchaser

taken of this subject. It is a settled rule in equity, mwuist~htoutbneoficseo,

that a.purchaser without notice, to be entitled to down to the

orf mthe
protection, must not only be so at.the time of the payMenot the
purchare mo.

VOL. VIII.

57'

ney.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
\ v Wormley
v. Wormley.

contract or cmveyance, but at the time of the payment of the purchase money The answer of
Castleman and M'Cormick doe not even allege any such want of notice. On the contrary, it is
in proof, that upwards of 3000 dollar's of the pprchase money was paid in the- autihmn of 1813, and the spring of 18,14. And this was not only after full notice of "theanterior transactions,* but after the commencement of the preden- suit.
It appears to us, theref'ore, that the circumstances of the case can lead.to no other result, than that Casileman and M'Cormick were not purchasers without notice of the material facts constituting the breach of trust; and that. therefore, the Frederick lands ought in their hands to stand charged with the trusts in the marriage settlement. The leading principle of the decree in the Circuit Court was, therefore, right.
Some objections have been taken to the subor-
dinate details of that decree; but it appears to us, that the objections cannot be sustained. The decree directs an account of the rents and profits of the Frederick lands, while in possession of The defenddats. It further directs an allowance of the amoont of all encumbrances which have been discharged by the defendants, and of the value of any permanent improvements made thereon, 4nd also of any advances made for the support of Wormley's family. These advances are to be credited against- the. rents and profits; and the value-of the improvements, and of the discharged encumbrances, not recouped by the rents and profits, are t be a charge on the land itself. A more

OF THE UNITED STATES.

451

liberal decree could not, in our opinion, be re- 1823. quired by any reasonable view of the case.
An objection has been taken to the jurisdiction Wor.ey of the Court, upon the ground, that Wormley, the Wormiey. husband, is made a defendant, and so all the par- th.er iC.cotuiortn'nootf ties on each side of the cause are not citiz·e.ns· o. fJofifncdteedr obfy the different States, since he has the same citizenship me formal
as his wife and minor children. But Wormley is pauie,
but a nominal defendant, joined for the sake of conformity in the bill, against whom no decree is sought. He voluntarily appeared, though, perhaps, he could not have been compelled so to do. Under these circumstances, the objection has no good foundation. This Court will not suffer its jurisdiction to. be ousted by the mere joinder or non-joinder of formal parties; but will rather proceed without them, and decide upon the merits of the case between the parties, who have the real interests before it, whenever it can be done without.prejudice to the rights of others."

a. Phe.general rule and its exceptions, as to who are necessary parties to a bill in equity, are so fully and clearly laid down by Mr. Justice S'roRy, in the case of West v. Randall,(2 Mason'8 Rep:.- 1-190.) and the principles of practice asserted in the judgment, are so closely connected with the above position in the principal case in the text, that the editor has thought fit to subjoin the foiwing extract. It is only necessary to state, that the case was of. a bill filed by an heir or next of kin fora distributive share
of an estate, "1It is a general rule in equity, that all persons materially inte-
rested, either as plaintiffs or defendants, in the subject matter of the bill, ought to be nade parties to the suit, bowever numerous they may be. The reason is, that the Court may be enabled to make a complete decree between the parties, may prevent future litiga--

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. ' W.ormIel~ey
V.
Wormley.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON.. After the most careful examination of this voluminous record, I think it
tion, by taking away the necessity of a multiplicity of suits, and
*may make it perfectly certain, that no injustice shall be done, either to the parties before the Court, or to othert, who are interested by a decree, that may be grounded upon a partial view only of the real merits. (Mitf. Pl. 29. 144. 220. Coop. Eq. Pl. 33. 'c. 185. 2 Madd. 142. Gilh. For.Rom. 157, 158. 1 Harris. Ch. Fr. ch. 3. p. 25. Newt. Edit. Leigh v. Thomas, 2 Ves. 312. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Fee. 321. Beaumont v. Meredith, 3 Ves. and Beamee, 180. Hamrm v. Stevens, 1 Vern. 110.) When all the parties are before the Court, it can see the whole case; but it may not, where all the conflicting interests are npt brought out upon the bill. Gilbert, in his Forum'Romanum, p. 157. states the rule, and illustrates it with great precision. IIf,' says he, I it appears to the Court, that a very necessary party is wanting; that without him no regular, decree can be made; as where a man seeks for an account of the profits or sale of a real estate, and it appears upon the pleadings, that the defendant is only tenant for life, and consequently the tenant in tail cannot be bound by the decree; and where one legatee brings a bill against an execitor, and there are many other legatees, none of which will be bound either by the decree, or by the account to be taken of the testator's effects, and each of these legatees may draw the account in question over again at their leisure; or where several persons are entitled, as next of kin, under the statute of distributions, and only one of them is brought on to a hearing; or where a man is entitled to the surplus of an estate, under a will, after payment of debts, and is not brought on; or where the real estate is to be sold under a will, and the heir at law is not brought on. In these, and all 6ther cases, where the decree cannot be made uniform, far %z on the one hand, the Court will do the plaintiff right, so, on the other hand, they will take care .that the defendant is not doubly vexed, he shall not be left under precarious circumstances, because of the plaintiff, who might have made all proper parties, and whose fault it was that it was not done.' The cases here put are very appropriate to the case at bar. That in respect to legatees, probably refers to the case of a suit by one residuary leguse,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

455

due to the parties defendant, to express the opinion, that I cannot discover any evidence of fraud in any part of their transactions.

182a.
v.
Wormley.

where there are other residuary legatees; in which case it has often been held, that all must be joined in the suit. (Parsons v. Neville, 3 Bro. CA. Cas. 365. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ves. 321. Sherritt v. Birch, 3 Bro. Ch. 229. Alward v. Hawkins, Rep. T. Fin, 113. Brown v. Ricket%, 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 553.) But where a legatee sues for a specific legacy, or for a sum certain on the face of the will, it is not in general necessary, that other legatees should be made parties, for no decree could be had against
them, if brought to a hearing; (Haycock v. Haycock, 2 Ch. Cas. 124. Danstall v. Rabett, Finch, 243. Attorney General v. Ryder, 2 Ch. Cas. 178. Atwood v. Hawkins, Rep. F. Finch, 118.
Wainwright v. Waterman, 1 Ves. jr. 311.) and in general, no person, against whom, if brought to a hearing, no decree could
be had, ought to be made a party. (De Golls v. Ward, 3 P. JFmr. 210. Note.) And when a party is eititled to an aliquot proportion only of a certain sum in the hands of trustees, if the propof. tion and the sum be clearly ascertained, and fixed upon the face of the trust, it has been held, that he may file a bill to have it transferred to him, without making the per.sons entitled to the other aliquot shares of the fund, parties. (Smith v. Snow, 3 Madd. Rep. 10.) -The reason is the same as above stated, for there is nothing to controvert with the other cestuis qze trust. I am aware that it has been stated by an eledientary writer of .considerable character, that one of the next of kin of an intestate may sue for his distributive shar, and the master will be directed by the decree,
to inquire and state to the Court, who are all the next of kin, and
they may come in under the decree. (Coop. Eq. Pt 39, 40.) This proposition may be true, s6 modo ; but that it is not universally true, is apparent from the authority already stated. (See Bradburn v. Harper, Amb. Rep. 374. 2 Afadc 146. GiMh. For. Rom. 157.)
,"The rule, however, that all persons, materially interested in the subject of the suit, however numerous, ought to be parties, is not without exteptions. As Lord Eldon has observed, it being a general -tle, established for the convenient administration of justice,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
' v-." Wormley
V.
W ormley.

The proposed exchange between the Frederick and Fauquier lands, was made openly and deli-
it must not be adhered to in cases, to which, consistently with prac-
tical convenience, it is incapable of application. (Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ves. 321. and see S. P. Wendell v. Van Rensselaer, 1 Johns. Ch. Rep. 349.) Whenever, therefdre, the party supposed to be materially interested is without the jurisdiction of the Court; or if a personal representative be a necessary party, and the right of representation is in litigation in the proper ecclesiastical Court; or the bill itself seeks a discovery of the necessary parties; nd, in either case, the facts are charged in the bill, the Court will not insist upon the objecti6n; but, if it can, will proceed t6, make a decree between the parties before the Court, since it is obvious, that the case cannot be made better.. (M tf.145, 146. Coop. Eq. P1. 39, 40. 2 kfadd. Ch. Pr.143. 1 Harris.ch. 3.) Nor are these the only cases ; for where the parties are very numerous, and the Court perceives, that it will be almost impossible to bring them all before the-C6urt; or ihere the question is of general interest, and a few may sue for the benefit of the whole; or where the parties form a part of a voluntary association for public or private purposes, and may be fairly supposed to represent the rights and interests of the whole; in these and analogous cases, ifthe bill purports to be not merely in behalf of the plaintiffs, but of all others-interested, the plea of the want of parties will be repelled, and the Court will proceed to a decree. Yet, in these cases, so solicitous is the Court to attain substantial justice, that it will permit the other parties to come in under the decree, and take the benefit of it, or to show it to be erroneous, and award a rehearing; or will entertain a bill or petition, which shall bring the rights of such parties more distinctly before the Court, if there be certainty or danger of injury or injustice. (Coop. Eq. Pt. 39. 2 Madd. 144,145. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ves. 321.) Among this class of cases, are suits brought by a part of a crew of a privateer again*st prize agents, for an account, and their proportion of prize money. There, if the bill be in behalf of themselves only, it will not be sustained; but if it be in behalf of themselves, and all the rest of the crew, it will be sustained upon the manifest inconvenience of any other course; for it has been truly said, that no case can call more strongly for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

berately, upon consultation with friends of the cestuisque trust,and obviously had my any pruden-
indulgence, than where a number of seamen have interests; for their situation at any period, how many were living at any given time, how many are dead, and who are entitled to representation, cannot be ascertained; (Good v. Blewitt, 13 Yes. 397. Leigh v. Thomas, 2 Fes. 312. Contra, Moffa v. Farquherson, 2 Bro. Ch. Cas. 338. Acc. Brown v. Harris, 1S Ves. 552. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ves. 321.) and it is not a case, where a great number of persons, who ought to be defendants, are not brought before the Court, belt are to be bound by a decree against a few.. So, also, is the common case of creditors suing on behalf of the rest, and seeking an account of the estate of their deceased debtor, to obtain pa 1ment of their demands; and there the other creditors may con'e ii lnd take the benefit of the decree. (Leigh v. Thomas, 2 Vee, 812. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ves. 321. Hendricks v. Fran'lin, 2 Johns. Ch. Rep. 283. Brown v. Ricketts, 3 .fohns. Ch. Rep 553. Coop. Eq. PL. 39. 186.) But Sir John Strange said, the e was no instance of a bill by three or four, to have an account of tht e. ate, without saying they bring it in behalf of themselves and the r,.t of the creditors. (Leigh v. Thomas, 2 Ves. 312. Coop. L q. Pl. 39.) And legatees seeking relief, and an account against executors, may stue in behalf of themselves and all other interested persons, when placed in the same predicament as creditors. (Brown v Ricketts, 3 Johns. Ch. Rep. 553.) Another class of cases is, v .i re a few members of a voluntary society, or an unincorporae. body of proprietors, have been permittedto sue in behalf of tht. whole, seeking relief, and an account against their own agents and committees. Such was the ancient case of the proprietors of the Temple Mill Brass Works; (Chancey v. May,..Prec. Ch. 592.) and such were the modern cases of the Opeaa House, the Royal Circus, Drury Lane Theatre, and the Ne* River Company. (Lloyd v. Loaring, 6 Ves. jr. 773. Adair v. New River Company, 11IVes. 429. Cousins v. Smith, IS Ves. 542. Coop. Eq. PL 40. Cockburn v. Thompson, 16 Ve8. 321.) There is one other class of cases, which I will just mention, where a lord of a manor has been permitted to sue a few of his tenants, or a few df the tenants have been permitted to sue the lord, upon

1823. -
Wonnley
V.
Wormley.

CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT

1823.
'~",-
Wormley
V.
Wormley.

tial considerations to recommend it. That Worm. ley and his family must'have starved had they re-
the question of a right of common , or a parson has sued, or beens
sued by some of his parishioners, in respect to the right of tithe a. In these and analogous cases of general right, the Court dispen se with having l the parties, who claim the same right, before it, from the manifest inconvenience, if not impossibility of Vloing it, and is satisfied with bringing so many before it, as may be considered as fairly representing that right, and honestly contesting 1n behalf of the whole, and therefore binding, in a sense, that right. (2 Madd. 145. Coop. E. P1. 41. Miff. P1. 145. Adair v. New River Company, 11 Ires. 429.) But even in the case of a voluntary siciety, where the question was, whether a disslution and division of the funds, voted by the members, was consistent with their articles, the Court refused to decree, until all the members were made parties. (Beaumont v. Meredith, 3 Ies. and Beames, 180.) The principle upon'which all these classes of cases stand, is, that the Court must either wholly deny the plainti"s an equitable relief, to which they are entitled, or grant it without making other persons parties; and the latter it deems the least evil, ag it can consider other persons as quasiparties to the record, at least for the purpose of taking the benefit of the decree, and of entitling themselves to other equitable relief, if their rights are jeoparded. Of course, the principle always supposes, that the decree can, as between the parties before the Court, be fitly made, without substantial injury to third persons. If it be otherwise, the Court will withhold its interposition.
"The same doctrine is applied, and with the same qualification, to cases where a material party is beyond the jurisdiction of the Court, as if the party be a partner with the defendant, and resident in a foreign country, so that he cannot be reached by the process of the Court. There, if the Court sees, that without manifest injustice to the parties before it, or to others, it can proceed to a decree, it acts upon its own notionof equity, without adhering to, the objection. (Coop. Eq. P. 35. Miff. P. 146. Cowslad v. Cely, Prec. Ch.88. Darwent v.Walton, 2 .41k. 510. Whalley v. Whalley, 1 res. 484. 487. Milligan v. Milledge, 3 Cranchks Rep. 220.) The ground of this rule is peculiarly applicable to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

jV7

mained upon the lands in Frederick, is abundantly 18 J proved; and no worse consequences eould have

Courts of the United States; and, therefore, if a party, who might

other.wise be considered as material, by being a made a party to the

bill, would, from the limited nature of its authority, oust the Court

of its jurisdiction, I should strain hard to give relief as between the,

parties before the Court; as for instance, where a partner, or a

joint trustee, or a residuary legatee, or one of the next of kin, from

not being a citizen of the State where the suit was brought, or

from being a citizen of the State, if made a plaintiff, would defeat

the jurisdiction, and thus destroy the suit, I should struggle to ad-

minister equity between the parties properly before us, and not suf-

fer a rule, founded on mere 'convenience and general fitness, to

defeat the purposes of justice. (Russell v. Clark, 7 Cranch's Rep.

69.98.)

"19Ihave taken up more time in considering the doctrine as to

making parties, than this cause seemed to require, with a viewto re-

lieve us from some of the difficulties pressed at the argument, and

to show the distinctions (not always very well defined) upon which

the authorities seem to rest. Apply them to the present case. The

plaintiff claims, as heir, an undivided portion of the surplus, charged

to be in the defendants' hands and possession. No reason is shown

on the face of the bill, why the other heirs, having the same com-

mon interest, are not parties to it. The answer gives their names,

and shows them within the jurisdiction of the Court, and as de-

fendants, they might have bden joined in this suit without touching

the jurisdiction of the Court, for they are all resident in this State.

As plaintiffs they could not be joined without ousting our jurisdic-

tion, for then some of the plaintiffs would have been citizens of the

same State as the defendants. (Strawbridge v. Curtiss, 3 Cranch'g

Rep. 267.) Now, in the first place, the other heirs might, if parties,

controvert the very fact of heirship in the plaintiff, and that would

touch the very marrow of his right to the demand now in question.

The fact, hcwever, is not denied or put in issue by the answer,

and, therefore, as to the present defendants, it forms no ground

of controversy. But they insist that the present suit will not close

their accounts; and that the other heirs may sue them again, and

controvert the whole matter now in litigation, and thus vex them

Vol.. VIII.

5S

V.
Wormley.

CASES fLN THE.SUPREME COURT
1823. happened to them from either of these exchanges, SIt is satisfactorily shown, also, that the exchange
Wormley
V.
Wormley. with double inconveniences and perils. This is certainly true;
and it is as certain, that they could not be made plaintiffs without ousting the present plaintiff of his remedy here. They might have been made defendants; but the question is, whether the plaintiff is compellable so to make then, unless they deny his heir° ship, or they collude with the defendants. If there be no controversy between him and them, he could have no decree against them at the hearing; and it would be strange, if, when he has nothing to allege against them, he must still name them as defendants in his bill. I agree to the general doctrine, that where a residuary legatee sues, he must make the other residuary legatees parties; and I think it analogous to the present case. But there the rule would not apply, if the other residuary legatees were in a foreign country, or without the reach of the jurisdiction of the Court. The case of the next of kin, put by Gilbert, in the passage before cited, is identical with the present. (Gib. For.Rom. 157, 158.) But there the same exception must be implied. And. even in a case where a mistake in a legacy, of an aliquot part of the personal estate, was sought to be rectified, and the next of kin were admitted to be necessary parties, (as to which, however, as the executor represents all parties in interest as to the personal estate, a doubt might be entertained, whether, under the peculiar circurmstances of this case, they were necessary defendants,) (Peacock v. Monk, 1 Ves. 127. Lawson v. Barker, 1 Bro. Ch. Cas. 303. 1 Eq..4brid.73. p. 13. Anon. 1 Ve8. 261. Wainwright v. Waterman, 1 Ves. jr. 311.) the Court dispensed with
their being made parties, it appearing that they were numerous, and living in distant places, and the matter in dispute being small, and the plaintiff a pauper. (Bradwin v. Harpur, Ambler, 374.) The rule is not then, so inflexible, that it may not fairly leave much to the discretion of the Court; and upon the facts of the present case, it being impossible to make the otbr heirs plaintifts, consistently with the preservation of the jurisdiction of the Court, or to make them defendants, from any facts which can be truly charged against them, I should hesitate a good while before I should enforce the rule: and if thie causq turned solely upon this objec-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

459

for the Fauquier land was highly advantageous. 1823. Taking money, as the most correct comparison of

tion, I should not be prepared to sustain it. (Clarke v. Russell, 7 Cranch, 69. 98.) There. is, indeed, a difficulty upon the face of the bill, that it shows no reason why the other heirs were not
made parties, as plaintiffs; and if there had been a demurrer, it might have been fatal. But the answer seems to set that right, by disclosing the citizenship and residence of the other heirs; and, in this respect, relying on the facts as a defence, it may well aid the
defects of the bill. " There is) however, a more serious objection to this bill for
the want of parties; and that is, that the personal representative of William West is not brought before the Court, and for this no rea-
son is assigned in the bill. Now, itis to be considered that the bill charges the defendants with trust property, personalas well as real.
and prays an account, and payment of the plaintiff's distributive share of each. I do not say that the heir, or next of kin, cannot,
in any case, proceed for a distributive share against a third person, having in his possession the personal assets of the ancestor, without making the personal representative a party; but such a case, if at all, must stand upon very special circumstances,. which must be charged in the bill. The administrator of the deceased is, in the first place, entitled to his whole personal estate, in trust for the payment of'debts and charges, and as to the residue, in trust for
the next of kin. The latter are entitled to nothing until all the
debts are paid; and they cannot proceed against the immediate debtor of the deceased, in any case, any more than legatees or creditors, unless they suggest fraud and collusion with the personal representative, and then he must be made a party, or some other special reason be shown for the omission. (Newland v. Champion, 1 Ves. 105. Utterson v. Mair, 4 Bro. Ch. Cas. 270. S. C. 2 Ves. jr.95. Alsagar v. Rowley, 6 Ves. 751. Bickley v. Dodlgton, 2 Eq. Abrid. 78. 253.) It is, therefore, in general, a fatal objection in a bill for an account of personal assets, that the administrator is not a party: nor is this objection repelled, if there be none at the time, unlegs there be some legal impediment to a grant of administration. (Humphreys v. Humphreys, 3 P. lF's. 348. Griffith v. Bateman, Rep. T. Finch. 334.) Now, upon the facts

V.
Wozmley.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. 'being
V.eY
WernleyT.

value, it appears, that the Frederick land, after long hawked about for sale, and having
1000 dollars added to its value by Strode, in the extinction of the mother's life estate, sold for no
more than 5500 dollars, a sum satisfactorily proved to be its full value at the time; whereas, the Fauquier land, after Wormley's refusal to take it, was sold for 8000 dollars. So that the two tracts then stood, in comparison of value, as 4500 to 8000 dollars. And that Strode was fully sensible of the great difference in value, and satisfied to bear the loss, is positively proved by the fact, that when Wormley resolved to move to Kentucky,

of this case, it is apparent that William West died insolvent; and if so, it would be decisive against the plaintiff's title to any portion of the personalty. And as to the real estate, as that is also liable, in this State, to the debts of the intestate, this fact would be equally decisive of his title to any share in the real trust property. This shows, how material to the cause the personal representative of the intestate is, since he is, ex officio, the representative, in cases of this sort, of the creditors. But upon the general ground, without reference to these special facts, I think, that the personal representative of William West, not being a party, is a well founded objection to proceeding to a decree. I am aware, that a want of parties is not necessarily fatal, even at the hearing, because the cause may be ordered' to stand over to make further parties; (Anon. 2 Atk. 14. Coop. Eq. PL.289. Jones v. Jones, 3 Atk. f11.) but this is not done of course; and rarely, unless where the cause, as to the new parties, may stand upon the bill and the answer of such' parties. For if the new parties may controVert the plaimiff s very right to the demand in questidn, and the whole
cause must be gone over again upon a just examination of witnfesses, it seems at least doubtful, whether it may not be quite as equitable
iodigmiss the .cause without prejudice, so that the plaintiff may begi de novoa (GM . Por.Rom. 159.) If this cause necessarily fumed upon this point alone, I should incline to adopt this course."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

461

they established the value of the Fauquier lands 1823.

between themselves at 7000

dollars;

and

Strode

wotmley

actually gave an acknowledgment to Wormley for V.

6500 dollars, the balance of the 7000 after dividing wormley.

with him the sum paid for his mother's life estate.

The case is one in which, it is true, the con-

duct of the defendants is greatly exposed to mis-

representation and misconstruction; but when re-

duced to order, and examined, the circumstances

admit of the most perfect reconciliation with the

purest intentions. It is true, that Strode was in

debt; that it was necessary to sell the Fauquier

lands to satisfy his creditors; that the money

arising from the Frederick land was applied to

the. payment of Strode's debts. But there was

nothing iniquitous in all this. It is perfectly ex-

plained thus: The Fauquier land must be sold to

pay Strode's debts; the situation of the Wormleys

on the trust estate was so bad, that no change

could make it worse; the removal to the Fauquier

lands was thought advisable by all their friends;

where then was the fraud in letting them have the

Fauquier lands at an under price, and paying his

debts out of the actual proceeds of the trust es-

tate? The money arising .from the latter was,

under this arrangement, the price of the former.

It was, in fact, paying his debts with the price of

his own property, not that of the trust estate.

It has been argued, that the sale of the trast

estate was not made with a view to reinvestment;

but the evidence positively proves the contrary.

It goes to show, that the reinvestment was the

leading object, and actually took place previous to

CASES IN' TRIE SUPREME COURT

1823.
v Worm~ley
V. Wornlley,

the sale of the trust estate. And even' if that construction of the power be conceded, which would require the sale and reinvestment to be simultaneo.us acts, or that which would render the
purchaser liable for the application of the purchase money, the facts of the case would satisr either exigency. For the reinvestment was actually made simultaneously with the sale; or, ifit was not finally consummated, the cause is to be found altogether in the anxiety of the defendants to satisfy a -capricious man, ind the ignorance of Strode, in supposing himself justified in yielding to Wormley's judgment or will.
Had Strode actually sold the. Fluquier lands; paid off his encumbrances from the purchase money; then sold the Frederick land; and reinvested, the fund in a repurchase of the Fauquier lands, there could not have been an exception taken to the sufficiency of the reinvestment.' And then the transaction would, in a moral point of view, have been necessarily regarded as favourably as I am disposed to regard it. Yet, it is unquestionable, that, thus stated, it presents a correct summary of the whole transaction, a made out in the evidence. It has,.however, been put together so as to admit of distorted views; and such will ever be the case where men expose themselves to suspicion by mixing up their own interests with the interests of others placed under their protection. I can see nothing but liberality in the con-
duct of Strode towards Wormley, and little else than improvidence, caprice, and ingratitude in the conduct of the latter.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

463

Nevertheless, there are canons of the Court of equity which have their foundation; not in the ac-
tual commission of fraud, but in that hallowed orison, "lead us not into temptation."
One of these is, that a trustee shall not be permitted to mix up his own afiirs with those of the cestui que trust. Those who have examined the workings of the human heart, well know, that in such cases, the party most likely to be imposedupon is the actor himself, if honest; and, if otherwise, that the scope for imposition given to human ingenuity, will enable it generallyto baffle the utmost subtlety of legal investigation. Hence the fairness or unfairness of the transaction, or the comparison of price and value, is not suffered to enter into the consideration of the Court, on these occurrences; but the rule is positive and general, that the cestui que trust may be restored. to his original rights against the trustee, at his option. And where infants, &c. are interested,'they YM be restored or not, with a view solely to the *benefitof the cestuis que trust. It is unquestionable1 from the evidence, that both Veitch, and Castleman and M'Cormick, must be affected by both legal and actual notice of the transactions of Strode. They are, therefore, liable to the same decree which ought to be made against the latter.
It is, however, some satisfaction to me, to be able to vindicate their innocence, while I feel myself compelled to subject them to a serious loss. The rule which requires this adjudication, may, in many cases, be a hard one, but it is a fixed rule, and has the sanction of public policy.
Decree nffirmed. with costs.

1823.
Wormley
V. Worty.

OF T1HE UNITED STATES.
[CH NCERY. POST-NUPTIAL SETTLEmErT.]

229
1823.
S"ton
Y. Wheaton.

SEXTON v. WHEATONq and Wife.
A post-nuptial voluntary settlement, made by a man, who is not indebted at the time, upon his wife, is valid against subsequent creditors.
The statute 13 Eliz. c. 5. avoids all conveyances not made on a consideration deemed valuable in law, as against previous creditors.
But it does not apply to subsequentcreditors, if the conveyance is not made with a fraudulent intent.
What circumstances will constitute evidence of such a fraudulent intent.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the Dis-
trict of Columbia and county of Washington. This was a bill brought by the appellant, Sexton, in the Court below, to subject a house and lot inthe city of Washington, the legal title to which was in the defendant, Sally Wheaton, to the payment of a debt for which the plaintiff had obtained *ajudgment against her husband, Joseph Wheaton,
the other defendant. The lot was conveyed by John P. Van Ness,
and Maria, his wife, and Clotworthy Stepenson, to the defendant, Sally Wheaton, by deed, bearing date the 21st day of March, 1807, for a valuable consideration, acknowledged to be received from the said Sally. And the plaintiff claimed to subject this property to the payment of his debt, upon the ground, that the conveyance was fraudulent; and, therefore, void as to creditors.
The circumstances on which the plaintiff relied,

230

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. in his bill, to support the allegation of fraud, werer Sexton ~ that the said house and lot were purchased by the
V. defendant, Joseph, who, contemplating at the time
Wheaton. carryihg on the business of a merchant in the said
city of Washington, procured the same to be conveyed to his wife; and obtained goods on the credit ofhis apparent ownership of valuable real property. That for the purpose of obtaining credit with the commercial house of the plaintiff, in New-York, he represented himself, in his letters, as a man possessing real estate to the value of 20,000 dollars, comprehending the house in question, besides 100 bank shares, and other personal, estate. That the defendant, Sally, knew, and permitted these representations to be made. That the defendant, Joseph, in the presence of the defendant, Sally, applied to General Dayton, the friend of the plaintiff, to be recommended to a commercial house in New-York, and in the statement of his property, as an inducement to make such recommendation,
he included the premises. That the defendant, Sally, permitted this misrepresentation, and did not undeceive General Dayton, although she had many opportunities of doing so.
In support of these allegations the plaintiff annexed to his bill several letters written by the defendant, Joseph, in the city of Washington, to the plaintiff, in the city of New-York, soliciting a corn-. mercial connexion, and advances of goods on credit. The first of these leiters was dated the 2d of September, 1809. The letters stated, that the plaintiff's house had .been recommended to the defendant by their mutual friend General Day-

'F THE UNITED STATES.

ton; represented the defendant's fortune as considerable, spoke of the house in which he was to carty on business as his own, and held out the prospct of regular and ample remittances.
The bill farther stated, that, upon the faith of these letters, and on the recommendation of General Dayton, the plaintiff advanced goods to the defendant, Joseph, to a considerable amount, who failed in making the promised remittances; and on the ,plaintiff's withholding farther supplies of goods, and pressing for payment, he avowed his inability to pay, declared himself to be insolvent,
and then stated, that the nouse in controversy was the property of his wife.
Some arrangements were made, by which the goods in the store, and the books of the defendant, Joseph, were delivered to the plaintiff; but, after paying some creditors who were.preferred, a very small sum remained to be applied in discharge of a judgment which the plaintiff had bbtained in January, 1812, for the sum of 8,249 dollars and 29 cents. On this judgment an execution was issued, by which the life estate of Joseph Wheaton was taken and sold for 300 dollars, the plaintiff being the purchaser.
The bill prayed, that the property, subject to the plaintiff's interest therein under the said purchase, might be sold, and the proceeds of the sale applied to tho payment of his judgment. It farther stated, that improvements to a great amount had been made since the conveyance to Sally Wheaton, and prayed, that, should the Court sustain the said

1823.
Sexton
v.
Wheatom

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. %
sextod
V. Wheatoh.

conveyance, the defendant, Sally, might be decreed to account for the value of those improvements.
The answers denied that the house and lot in contest were purchased in the first instance by Joseph
Wheaton, or conveyed to his wife with a view to his entering into commerce; and averred, that they were purchased for Sally Wheaton, and chiefly paid for .out of the profits made by her industry, and saved by her economy in the management of the affairs of the family while her husband was absent executing the duties of his office as serjeant at arms to the House of Representatives.. The answers, alsojstated, that in January, 1807, when the conVeyance was made, Joseph Wheaton was serjeant at arms to the House of Representatives, expected to continue in that office, had no intention of going into trade, and had no knowledge of the plaintiff. The design of going into commerce was first formed in the year 1809, when, being removed from his office, and having no hope of being reinstated in it, he turned his attention to that object as a means of supporting his family. He, then, in a letter dated the 24th of August, applied to General Dayton, as a friend, to recommend him to a house in New-York, and received from that gentleman a letter dated the 29th of the same month, which is annexed to the answer. In this letter, General Daytgn says, " pursuant to your request, I recommend to you the house of Messrs. Sexton & Williamson, with which to form the sort of connexion which you propose in New-York. They have sufficient capital," &c. " The proper course will be for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

23

you to write very particularly to them,.stating your present advantageous situation, your prospects
and plans of business, and describing the nature and extent of the connexion which you propose to

1823. S7exmton
V. Wheton.

form with them, ana then refer them to me for my

knowledge of your capacity, industry, probity,"

&c. &e. &c.

The defeidant, Joseph, in his answer, stated,

that in consequence of this letter, he wrote to the -

said house of Sexton & Williamson. He admit-

ted, that his adcount of his property was too fa-

vourable, but denied having made the statement

ibr the purposes of fraud, but from having been

himself deceived respecting its value. He denied

having ever told General Dayton that the house

was his, and thinks he declared it to be the pro-

perty of his wife. Sally Wheaton denied that

she ever heard her husband tell General Dayton,

that the house was his property; that she ever in

any manner contributed to impose on others the

opinion that her husband was more Qpulent than

he really was; or ever admitted, that the house

she claims was his. She admitted, that she saw a

letter prepared by him to be sent to Sexton &

Williamson, in the autumn of 1809, which she

thought made too flattering a representation of his

property, and which she, therefore, dissuaded him

from sending in its then form. She then hoped

that her persuasions had been successftil.

The answers of both defendants stated, that

Joseph Wheaton was free from debt when the

conveyance was made, and insisted, that it was

made bona fide.

Vo. VIII.

so

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Sexton
V.
Wheaton.
Feb. 5th.

The Court below dismissed the bill, and from this decree the plaintiff appealed to this Court.
Mr. Key, for the appellants, argued, 1. That
the evidence in the cause was insufficient to prove the fact alleged, that the house in question was purchased with the funds of the wife. The case of Slanning v. Style,n which is the stronger, as it excepts creditors from the operation of the right where it exists, goes to show, that it was not bought with funds which could be considered as hers. The fund accruing from the thrift and economy of the wife, does not constitute her separate estate.' Still less could such an accumulation for her separate use, from the presents of her friends, or as a compensation for services rendered her husband, be warranted by any case or principle.
2. If, then, the purchase was not made with the separate property of the wife, were the circumstances of the husband such, at the time this settlement was made, as to justify him in making it, to the prejudice of subsequent creditors ? All the cases concur in showing that he cannot do so, and that the subsequent creditors may impeach it.0 And it makes no difference that it is the case of a settlement by a purchase, and the deed taken

a 3 P. Wms. 335-337. b 1 Cas. in Ch. 117. c Fletcher v. Sidley, 2 Vern. 490. Taylor v. Jones, 2 Ak. 600. Fitzer v. Fitzer, 2 4tk. 50. Stillman v. Ashdown, 2 Alk. 481. Hungerford v. Earle, 2 Vern. 261. Rob';rts on Fraud. Convey. 21-30. 4therly's Faro. Setem. 212. 230-236.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

235

to the wife. This notion of certain elementary writers6 has been exploded,it~abnd the authorities are decisive against it.6 Nor is there any difference between a deed to defraud subsequent cre-
ditors, and one to defraud purchasers.c And a subsequent sale, after a voluntary settlement, creates the presumption of fraudulent intent in the previous settlement under the statute 27 Eliz.d If so, there is the same ground for similar presumption, where debts are contracted after a previous voluntary settlement. This must especially apply where the settlement is of all the settler's property, and the debts are large, and contracted almost immediately after the settlement.
3. But, supposing the settlement was fairly made, here is evidence of collusion of the wife in the misrepresentation which was made to the prejudice of creditors, and she is bound by it. The principle is well established, that the property of a married woman, or that of an infant, may be rendered liable to creditors by their concurrence in acts of fraud.c

1823.
Sexton
V. Wheaton.

Mr. Jones, for the respondents, contra, insisted, that many of the cases cited on the other side,

a Fonbl. 275. Sugd. 424. Roberts, 463. 1 Peacock v. Monk, 1 Yes. 127. Stillman v. Asbdown, 2 ALk. 481. 2 Vern. 68. 4 Munf. 251. Partridge v. Goss, Ambf. 596. Athzerly'4 FAMn Settlem. 481. c Anderson v. Roberts, 18 Johns. Rep. 51.5. d Roberts on Fraud.Convey. 34. e Roberts, 522. Sugd. 480. Fonbi 161. 1 Bro. Ch. 358. 2 E. Cas.Abr. 488.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Ig23. might be disposed of upon their peculiar circumSexton Sstances, without touching upon the general doe-
V. trine for which he contended. He admitted, that 'Wheaton. whether a settlement was within the letter of the
statutes relating to fraudulent conveyances or not, if there was actual fraud, a Court of equity would lay hold upon it, and redress the injured party. But the settler must be indebted at the time of the execution of the deed in order to set it aside on that ground. And there must be an allegation, and proof of that fact, or the bill will be dismissed.a According to the original rudeness of the feudal system, the husband and wife were considered as one person, and all her rights of property were merged in his. But this is a doctrine wholly unknown to the civilized countries governed by the Roman code ; and Courts of equity have constantly struggled to mitigate its rigour. For this purpose, they consider the husband as a trustee for the wife, in order to preserve her property to her separate use. It does not follow, that because voluntary settlements are void against subsequent purchasers,that they are, therefore, void against subsequept creditors. There is a well established and well known distinction in this respect between the statute 13 Eliz. and the statute 27 Eliz. Taking the present case, then, as a mere voluntary conveyance on good consideration, independent of actual fraud, it must stand. Whatever discrepancy there may be in some of the old cases, this
a Lush v. Wilkiuson, 3 Ves. 384. Battersbee v. Farrington, Swunst. Rep. 106. Stevens v. Olive, 1 Bro. Ch. Cas. 90.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

237

is now the settled doctrine in England. Thus, in the case of a voluntary bond, and arrears under it, a conveyance to secure those arrears was sustamined against creditors.a So, also, the substitution of a voluntarybond by another is good.' And a post-nuptial settlement is only void as against creditors at the time.c A voluntary conveyance in favour of strangers is valid against subsequent creditors, the party making it not being indebted at the time.' And in a very recent case, a voluntary settlement by a husband, not indebted at the time, was established against subsequent creditors.' But this is not a mere voluntary conveyance on a moral obligation; it is for a valuable consideration in the wife's serviceef, The case cited from I Cas.in Ch. 117. has no bearing on the present question, and has -been overruled since. Besides, the case of Slanqing v. Styler is better vouched, more modern, and of greater authority in every respect. The pretext of collusion in actual fraud between the husband and wife, in the present case, is utterly devoid of any foundation
in the evidence.

1823.
Sexton
v. Wheaton.

a Gillam v. Locke, 9 Ves. 612. 6 Exparte Barry, 19 Ves. 218. c Wiffiams v. Kidney, 12 Ves. 136. d Holloway v. Millard, I ,MaddR. ep. 414. 1 Cox, 445. Jones v. Bolter, id. 288. e Battersebee v. Farrington, I Swanst. Rep. Jones v. Bolter, 1 Cox, 288. f 3 P. Wms. 337. g 3 P. WIns. 337.

Hobbs v. Hull, 106. Seej also,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182s.
Sexton
V.
Wheato,.
Fe. IV.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opiSnion of the Court, and, after stating the case, pro-
ceeded as follows: The allegation, that the house in question was
purchased with a view to engaging in mercantile speculations, and conveyed to the wife for the purpose of protecting it from the debts which
might be contracted in trade, being positively denied, and neither proved by testimony, nor circumstances, may be put out of the case.
The allegation, that the defendant, Sally, aided in practising a fraud on the plaintiff, or in creating or giving countenance to the opinion, that the defendant, Joseph, was more wealthy than in truth he was, is also expressly denied, nor is there any evidence in support of it, other than the admission in her answer, that she had seen a letter written by him to the plaintiff, in the autumn of 1809, in wbich he gave, she thought, too flattering a picture of his circumstances. This admission is, however, to be taken with the accompanying explanation, in which she says, that she had dissuaded him, she had hoped successfully, from sending the letter in its then form.
This fact does not, we think, fix upon the wife such a fraud as ought to impair her rights, whatever they may be.
The plaintiff could not know that this letter was seen by the wife, or in any manner sanctioned by, or known to her. He had, therefore, no right to suppose, *thatthere was any waiver of her interest, whatever it might be, nor had he a right to assume
any thing against her, or her claims, in conse-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

!39

quence ofhis receiving this letter. The case is very different fr6m one. in which the wife herself makes a misrepresentation, or hears and countenances the misrepresentation of her husband. The person who acts under such a misrepresentation, acts under his confidence in the good faith of the wife herself. He has a right to consider that faith as pledged; and if he is deceived, he may complain that she has herself deceived him. But, in this case, the plaintiff acted solely on his confidence in the husband. If be was deceived, the wife was not accessary to the deception. She contributed nothing towards it. When she saw and disapproved the letter written by her husband, what more could be required from her than to dissuade him from sending it in that form? Believrng, as we are bound to suppose she did, that the l.tter would be altered, what was it incumbent on her to do? All know and feel, the plaintiff as well as others, the sacredness of the connexion between hdsband and wife. All know, that the sweetness of social intercourse, the harmony of society, the happiness of families, depend on that mutual partiality whi'-h they feel, or that delicate forbearance which they manifest towards each other. Will any man say, that lmrs. Wheaton, seeing this ietter, remonstrating against it, and believing that it would be altered before sending it, ought to have written to this stranger in NewYork, to inform him, that her husband had misrepresented his circumstances, and that credit ought not to be given to his letters ? No man
will say so. Confiding, as it was natural and

1823.
Sexton
V.
Wheaton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
' Sexton
V. Whaton.

amiable in her to confide, in his integrity, and believing that he had imposed on himself, and meant
no imposition on another, it was natural for her to suppose, that his conduct would be influenced
by her representations, and that his letter would be so modified as to give a less sanguine description of his circumstances. We cannot condemn her conduct.
A-wife who is herself the instrument of deception, or who contributes to its success by countenancing it, may, with justice, be charged with the consequences of her conduct. But this is not such a case; and we consider the rights of Mrs. Wheaton as unimpaired by any thing she is shown to have done.
Had the plaintiff heard this whole conversation, as stated in the answer; had he heard her express her disapprobation of the statements made in the letter, and dissuade her husband from sending it without changing its language ; had he seen them separate, with a belief on her part, that the proper alterations would be made in it, he would have felt the injustice of charging her with participating in a fraud. That act cannot be criminal in a wife, because it was-not communicated, which, if communicated, would be innocent. Admitting the representations of this letter to be untrue, they cannot be charged on the wife, since she disapproved of them, and believed that it would not be sent in its exceptibnable form.
So much is a wife supposed to be under the control of her husband, that the law in this District willnot permit her estate to pass by a conveyance executed by herself, until she has been

OF THE UNITED STATES.

examined apart from her husband by persons in

whom the law confides, and has declared to them,

that she has executed the deed freely, and without constralilt. It would be a strange inconsistency,

if a Court of Chancery were to decree, that the

mere knowledge of a letter containing a misre-

presentation respecting her property, should pro-

duce a forfeiture of it, although she had not con-

curred in its statements, had dissuaded her hus-

band from sending it, and believed he had not

sent it.

Without discussing the conduct of Mr. Whea-

ton in this transaction, it is sufficient to say, that it

cannot affect the estate previously vested in his

wife. The cause, therefore, must depend on the

fairness and legality of the conveyance to her.

The allegation, that the purchase money was

derived from her private individual funds, is sup-

ported by circumstances which may disclose fair

motives for the conveyance, but which are not suf-

ficient to prove, that the consideration, in point of

law, moved from her. It must, therefore, be con-

sidered as a voluntary conveyance ; and, if sus-

tained, must be sustained on the principle, that it

was made under circumstances which do not im-

peach its validity when so considered.

The bill does not charge Mr. Wheaton with

having been indebted in January, 1807, when this

conveyance was made. The fact, that he was in-

debted, cannot be assumed. Indeed, there is no

ground in the record for ass!4ming it. The an-

swers aver, that he was not indebted, and they

are not contradicted by any testimony in the cause.

VOL. VIIL

31

1823.
Sexton
V. wilton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Sexton
V.
Wheaton.

His inability to pay his debts in 1811, or 1812, is no proof of his having been in the same situation in January, 1807. The debts with which he was then overwhelmed, were contracted after that date.

This conveyance, therefore, must be considered

as a voluntary settlement made on his wife, by a

man who was not indebted at the time. Can it

be sustained against subsequent creditors ?

It would seem Eo be a consequence of that 4bso-

lute power which a man possesses over his own

property, that he may make any disposition of it

which does not interfere with the existing rights

of others, and such disposition, if it be fair and

real, will be valid. The limitations on this power

are those only which are prescribed by law.

The stat. 13 The law which is considered by the plaintiff's

Ell. c. 5. a-

voids all con- counsel as limiting this power in the case at bar,

vdeeyemanecdesvalunao-t is the

statute

o of

3Ei.c.5 13 Eliz. ch. 5.

against

fraudulent

ble in law, as

against pre- conveyances, which is understood to be in force in

ribut the county of Washington. That statute enacts,

aqguaeinnast

s' becredit-

that

"

for

the

avoiding

and

abolishing

of

feigned,

ors, unless rovenous, and fraudulent feoffments," &c. "which

made with a feoffments," &c. " are devised and contrived of

fraudulent in-

tent,.

malice, fraud, covin, collusion, or guile, to the end,

purpose, and intent, to delay, hinder, or defraud creditors, and others, of their just 'nd lawful actions," &c. " not only to the let or hindrance of the due course and execution of law and justice, but also to the overthrow of all plain dealing, bargaining, and chevisance between man and man. Be it, therefore, declared," &c. " that all and every feoffment," &c. " made to, or for, any intent or purpose before declared and expressed, shall be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

243

from henceforth deemed and taken (only as against that person," &c. "whose actions," &c." shall or might be in any wise disturbed," &c.) " to be clearly and utterly void."
In construing this statute, the Courts have considered every conveyance, not made on consideration deemed valuable in law, as void against previous creditors. With respect to subsequent creditors, the application of this statute appears to have admitted of some doubt.
In the case of Shaw v. Standish,(2 Vern. 326.) which was decided in 1695, it is said by counsel, in argument, " that there was a difference between purchasers and creditors, for the statute of 13 Eliz.
makes not every voluntary conveyance, but only fradulent conveyances, void as against creditors; so that, as to creditors, it is not sufficient to say the conveyance was voluntary, but must show they were creditors at the time of the conveyance made, or, by some other circumstances, make it appear, that the conveyance was made with intent to deceive or defraud a creditor."
Although this distinction was taken in the case of a 8ubsequent purchaser, and was, therefore, not essential in the cause which was before the Court, and is advanced only by counsel in argument, yet it shows that the opinion, that a voluntary conveyance was pot absolutely void as to subsequent creditors, prevailed extensively.
In the case of Taylor v. Jones,(2 Atk. 600.) a bill was brought by creditors to be paid their debts out of stock vested by the husband, in trustees, for the benefit of himself for life, of his wife for life, and, afterwards, for the benefit of children. Lord

1823.
Sexton
v.
Wheto--

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. ,
Sexton
v. Wheaton.

Hardwicke decreed the deed of trust to be void against subsequent as well as preceding creditors.
There are circumstances in this case which appear to have influenced the Chancellor, and to diminish its bearing, on the naked question of a voluntary deed being absolutely void, merely because it is voluntary.
Lord Hardwicke said, " now, in the present case, here is a trust left to the husband in the first place, under this deed; and his continuing in possession is fraudulent as to the creditors, the plaintiffs."
His Lordship, afterwards, says, " and it is very probable, that the creditors, after the settlement, trusted Edward Jones, the debtor, upon the supposition that he was the owner of this stock, upon seeing him in possession."
This case, undoubtedly, if standing alone, would go far in showing the opinion of Lord Hardwicke to have been, that a voluntary conveyance would be void against subsequent, as well as preceding creditors ; but the circumstances) that the settler was indebted at the time, and remained in possession of the property as its apparent owner, were certainly material; and, although they do not appear to have decided the cause, leave some doubt how far this opinion should apply to cases not attended by those circumstances,
This doubt is strengthened by observing Lord Hardwicke's language, in the case of Russell v. Hammond. His Lordship said, "though he had hardly known one case, where the person convey-
ing was indebted at the time of the conveyance,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

24&

that the conveyance had not been. fraudulent, yet. that, to be sure, there were cases of voluntary settlements that were not fraudulent, and those were, where the persons making them were not indebted at the time, in which case, subsequent debts would not shake such settlements.".
It. would seem, from the opinion expressed in this case, that Taylor v. Jones must have been decided on its circumstances.
The cases of Stillman v. Askdown, and of Fitze, v. Fitzerand,Stephens,reportedin2 Atk. have been much relied on by the appellant; but neither is thought to establish the principle for which he contends; In Stillman v. Ashdown, the father had purchased an estate, which was conveyed jointly to himself and his son, and of which he remained in possession. After the death of the father, the son entered on the estate, and the bill was brought to subject it to the payment of a judgment against the father, in his lifetime. The Chancellor directed the-estate to be sold, and e moiety to be paid to the creditor, "and the residue to the son.
In giving his opinion, the Chancellor put the case expressly on the ground, that this, from its circumstances, was not to be considered. as an ad.-
vancement. to the son. He says, too, ." a father,
here, was in possession of the whole estate, and must,, necessarily, appear to be the visible owner of it; and the creditor too would have had a right, by virtue of an elegit, to have laid hold of a moiety, so that it: differs extremely from all the other cases."3

182a.
Sextoa-
V. W41ea'an,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Sexton
V. Wheaton.

In the same case, the Chancellor lays down the rule which he supposed to govern in the case of voluntary settlements. " It is not necessary," he says, "that a man should be actually indebted at
the time of a voluntary settlement to make it fraudulent; for, if a man does it with a view to his being indebted at a future time, it is equally fraudulent, and ought to be set aside."
The real principle, then, of this case is, that a voluntary conveyance to a wife or child, made by a person not indebted at the time, is valid; unless it were made with a view to being indebted at a future time.
In the case of Fitzer v. Fitzer and Stephens, the deed was set aside, because it was made for the benefit of the husband, and the principal point discussed was the consideration. The Lord Chancellor said, " it is certain, that every conveyance of the husband that is voluntary, and for his own benefit, is fraudulent against creditors." After stating the operation of the deed, he added, "then consider it as an assignment which the husband himself may make use of to fence against creditors, and, consequently, it is fraudulent."
This case, then, does not decide, that a conveyance to a wife or child, is fraudulent against subsequent creditors because it is voluntary, but because it is made for the benefit of the settler, or with a view to the contracting of future debts.
The case of Peacock v. Monk, in I Vesey, turned on two points. The first was, that there was a proviso to the deed which amounted to a power of revocation, which, the Chancellor said,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

247

had always been considered as a mark of fraud; and, 2. That, being executed on the same day with his will, it was to be considered as a testamentary act.
In the case of Walker v. Burrows, (I Aik. 94.) Lord Hardwicke, adverting to the stat. 13 Eliz., said, that it was necessary to prove, that the person conveying was indebted at the time of making the settlement, or immediately afterwards, in
order to avoid the deed.
Lord Hardwicke maintained the same opinion in the case of Townshend v. Windham, reported in 2 -Vesey. In that case, he said, " if there is a voluntary conveyance of real estate, or chattel interest, by one not indebted at th6 time, though he afterwards become indebted, if that voluntary conveyance was for a child, and no particular evidence or badge of fraud to deceive or defraud subsequent creditors, that will be good ; but if any. mark of fraud, collusion, or intent to deceive subsequent creditors, appears, that will make it void; otherwise not, but it will stand, though afterwards he becomes indebted." * A review of all the decisions of Lord Hardwicke, will show his opinion to have been, that a voluntary conveyance to a child by a man not in-
debted at the time, if a real and bonafide conveyance, not made with a fraudulent intent, is good against subsequent creditors.
The decisions made since the time of Lord Hardwicke maintain the same principle.
In Stepkens v. Olive, (2 Bro. Ch. Rep. 90.) Edward Olive, by deed, dated the 7th of May,

1823.
Sexton
v,
Whetn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
'-S-e"x-o'n-
V. Whemton.

1774, settled his real estate on himself for life, remainder to his wife for life, with remainders over
for the benefit of his children. By another deed, of the same date, he mortgaged the same estate to Philip Mighil, to secuke the repayment of 500 pounds, with interest. On the 6th of March, 1775, he became indebted to George Stephens. This suit was brought by the executors of .keorge Stephens to set aside the conveyance, because it was voluntary and fraudulent as to creditors. The Master of the Rolls held, "that a settlement after marriage, in favour of the wife and children, by a person not indebted at the time, was good against subsequent creditors;"" and that, although the set-
tler was indebted, yet, if the debt was secured by mortgage, the settlement was good."
-In the case of Lush v. Williamson, the husband conveyed leasehold estate in trust, to pay, after his decease, an annuity to his wil-e for life, and after -her decease, the premises charged with the annuity for himself and his executors. A bill was brought by subsequent creditors to set aside this conveyance. The Master of the Rolls sustained the conveyance, and, after expressing his doubts of the right of the plaintiff to come into Court without proving some antecedent debt, said, "a single debt will not do. Every man must be indebted for the common bills for his house, though he pays them every week. It must depend upon this, Whether he was in insolvent circumstances at the time."
In the case of Glaisterv. Hewer, (8 Fes. 199.) where the husband, who was a trader, purchased

OF THE UNITED STATES.

lands, and took a conveyance to himself and wife, and afterwards became bankrupt and died, a suit was brought by the widow, against the assignees, to establish her interest. Two questions arose: 1. Whether the estate passed to the assignbes under the statute of 1 James I. ch. 15. ; and, if not, 2. Whether the conveyance to the wife was void
as to creditors. . The Master of the Rolls decided both points in favour of the widow. Observing on the statute of the 13th of Eliz., he said, that the conveyance would be good, supposing it to be perfectly voluntary; " for," he added, " though it is proved that the husband was a trader at the time of thd settlement, there is no evidence that he was in-
debted at that time; and it is quite settled, that, under that statute, the party must be indebted at the time."
On an appeal to the Lord Chancellor, this decree was reversed, because he was of opinion, that the conveyance was within the statute of James, though not within that of Elizabeth.
In the case of Battersbee v. Farrigtonand others, (1 Swanst. 106.) where a bill was brought to establish a voluntary settlement in favour of a wife and children, the Master of the Rolls said, "no doubt can be entertained on this case, if the settler was not indebted at the date of the deed. A voluntary conveyance by a person not indebted, is clearly good against future creditors. That constitutes the distinction between the two statutes. Fraud vitiates the transaction; but a set-

YcI. VIIL

32

249
1823.
,. Wbex

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1823. tlement not fraudulent, by a party not indebted, is \ sextou valid, though voluntary."
V. From these cases it appears, that the construc-

wvb *.tion of this statute is completely settled in Eng-

land. We believe, that the same construction

has been maintained in the United States. A

voluntary settlement in favour of a wife and

children, is not to be impeached by subsequent

creditors, on the ground of its being voluntary.

Cinircuthmisstacnacsees We are to inquire, then, whether there are any

not sumcent badges of fraud attending this transaction which
So vitiate the
sbeetitnlegmefrnatudua.s Vitiate it.

lent.

What are those badges?

The appellant contends, that the house and lot

contained in this deed, constituted the bulk of Jo-

seph Wheaton's estate, and that the conveyance

ought, on that account, to be deemed fraudulent.

This fact is not clearly proved. We do not

know the amount of his estate in 1807; but if it

.were proved, it does not follow that the conveyance

must be fraudulent. If a man entirely unencumber-

ed, has a right to make a voluntary settlement of

a part of his estate, it is difficult to say how much

bf it he may settle. In the case of Stephens v.

Olive, the whole real estate appears to have been

settled, subject to a mortgage for a debt of 500

pounds ; yet, that settlement was sustained. The

proportional magnitude of the estate conveyed

may awaken suspicion, and strengthen other cir-

cumstances; but, taken alone, it cannot be consi-

dered as proof of fraud. A man who makes such

a conveyance, necessarily impairs his credit, and,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
if openly done, warns those with whom he deals not to trust him too far; but this is not fraud.
Another circumstance on which the appellant relies, is the short period which intervened between the execution of thi conveyance and the failure of Joseph Wheaton.
We admit, that these two circumstances ought to be taken into view together; but" do not think that, as this case stands, they establish a fraud.
There is no allegation in the bill, nor is there any reason to believe, that any of the debts which pressed upon Wheaton at the time of his failure, were contracted before he entered into commerce in 1809, which was more than two years after the execution of the deed. It appears that, at the date of its execution, he had no view to trade. Although his failure was not very remote from the date of the deed, yet the debts and the deed can in no manner be connected with each other; they are as distinct as if they had been a century apart. In tie case of Stephens v. Olive, the debt was contracted in less than twelve months after the settlement was made : vet it could not overreach the settlement.
These circumstances, theni, both occurred in the case of Stephens v. Olive, and were not considered as affecting the va dity of that deed The reasons why shey should not be considered in this case as indicating fraud, are stronger than in England. In this District, every deed must be recorded in a place prescribed by law. All titles to land are placed upon the record. The person who trusts another on the faith of his real pro-

1823S
v.
.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
*1823. perty, knows where he may apply to ascertain the Sexton "nature of the title held by the person to whom he
v. is about to give credit. In this case, the title Wheaton. never was in Joseph Wheaton. His creditors,
therefore, never had a right to trust him on the faith of this house and lot.
A circumstance much relied on by the appellant, is the controversy which appears to have subsisted about that time between the post office department and Wheaton. This circumstance may have had some influence on the transaction ; but the Court is not authorized to say that it had. The claim of the- p9st office department was not a debt. On its adjustment, Wheaton was.prove'd to be the creditor instead of debtor.
It would be going too far to say, that this conveyance was fraudulent to avoid a claim made by a person who was, in truth, the debtor, where there is nothing on which to found the suspicion, but the single fact that such a claim was understobd to exist.
The claim for the improvements stands on the same footing with that for the lot. They appear to have been inconsiderable, and to have been made before these debts were contracted.
Decree affirmed."
a Mr. Atherley, in his able treatise on the Lazo of Marriage and other Family Settlements, controverts, on principle, the doctrine, that a voluntary settlement is good against subsequent cieditors, if the settler was not indebted at the time he made it, although he admits, that it is the law in England, as established by the decisions of the Courts of equity. pp. 230-237. 175, 17'6. 209-220. See also Reade v. Livingston, 3 Johns. Ch.Rep. 481.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

681

the plea. was, therefore, false, and that, on mat 1823. ground, the plaintiff was entitled to their verdict Corporation. on the whole issue; and, also, in this, that the of jury have found a verdict, on the plea of fully ad- Washing' ministered, against the defendants, without finding pr'tL the sum unadministered; and, also, in this, that the judgment on the said verdict is absolute against the administrators themselves, instead of being, to be levied of the goods and chattels of their intestate, in their hands to be administered. Whereupon it is considered by the Court, that the said judgment be reversed, and the verdict be set aside, and the cause remanded to the said Circuit Court, that further proceedings may be had therein according to law.

[LoCAL LAw.]

THx CORPoRA rION OF THE CITY OF WASHINGTON,
and others, Appellants, V.
PRATT, FRANCiS, and others, Respondents.

Under the 8th section of the act of 1812,to amend the act for the

incorporation of the city of Washington, a sale of unimproved

squares or lots in the city, for the payment of taxes, is illegal, unless

such squares and lots have been assessed to the true and lawful

proprietors thereof. The lien upon each lot, for the taxes, is several and distinct, and tho

purchaser of each holds his lot unencumbered with the taxes due

on'the other lots held by his vendor.

VoL. VIII.

86

CASES-IN THE SUPREME COURT

i 82I.
Corporation of
'Wha"h"
V.
Pratt.

The adyertisement must contain a particular statement of the amount of taxes duo on each lot separately. -
If the sale of one or more lots produce the amount of taxes actually due on the whole by the same proprietor, the corporation cannot proceed to sell further.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.

Afar, 13a. This cause was argued by the Attorney General and Mr. Key, for the appellants,, and by Mr. Jons,for the respondents.

Ma~d, 14!Z. Mr. Justice JOHNSOrN delivered the opinion of
the Court. A number of lots in the city of Washington, the property of the respondents, having been sold for payment of taxes, assessed under authority of the appellants, to the use of the city, this bill was filed by the respondents, in the Circuit Court of the District, to enjoin the corporation from executing conveyances to the purchasers.
The allegations on which the claim for relief was asserted, presented to. the view of the Court below a variety of irregularities, previous to, or accompanying the sale, which that Court decided
to be deviations from the provisions of the law of Congress, authorizing the sale. A perpetual injunetion was, therefore, decreed, and from that decree, the defendants below have appealed.
There have been various questions submitted to the consideration of this Court, in the argument, which, with a view to precision, shall be stated in the parties' own language, in their order.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

6a5

1.The first is, Whether sales of unimproved squares, or lots, in the city of Washington, to pay two years' taxes thereon, pursuant to the 8th section of the act of Congress, passed in the year 1812, entitled, "An act, further to amend the act
for the incorporation of the City," would be illegal, merely because such squares and lots had not been assessed to the true and lawful proprietors thereof, without any wilful mistake or neglect, on the part of the persons who made the assessment, the assessors having used due diligence to ascertain the true proprietors ?
This question, as well as every other in the cause, must find a solution in the provisions of the law which vests the power to sell. Where these are explicit and consistent, there is no ground for adjudication but their literal meaning. That they must be construed strictly, follows from their affecting private rights, and particularly rights of freehold; and that they must be pursued strictly, is the consequence of their being the sole foundation of the powers executed under them.
The 7th section of the Act of Incorporation of 1802, vests in the corporation a very general power to lay and collect taxes; but the next section of the same act limits their power in enforcing payment of taxes to a distress and sale of goods, and contains an express prohibition against subjecting vacant lots to a sale for taxes. As no goods could be expected to be found on such lots, it became necessary to pass this act of 1812, the 8th section of which is in these words: " That unimproved lots in the city of Washington, on

1823. 1
of Washing=
Praa.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
C'soorpo~mtion
of Wahin
V.
Prat.

which two years' taxes remain due and unpaid, or much thereof as may be necessary to pay such
taxes, may be sold, at public sale, for such taxes
due thereon. Provided, that public notice be
given of the time and place of sale, by adver-
tising, in some paper printed in the city of Washington, at least six months, where the property belongs to persons residing out of the United States; three months, where the property belongs to persons residing within the United States, and without the limits of the District of Columbia; and six weeks, where-the property belongs to persons residing within the District of Columbia, or city of Washington: in which notice shall be stated, the number of the lot or lots, the number of the square or squares, the name'of the person or persons to whom the same may have been assessed, and also the amount of taxes due thereon." And then follows another proviso, securing to the proprietor, the right to redeem within two years
after such sale. In legislating upon this subject, the corpora-
tion has sanctioned an assessmeni to the owners or supposed owners; and the real state of the question is, whether this is not going beyond the power of sale, as delegated to them by the act of Congress. This again depende upon the question, whether the person "to whom," in the language of the clause cited, " the lots may have been assessed," can mean any other than the actual owner of such lot.
We think it cannot. It was undoubtedly in the power of Congress to have left what latitude they

OF THE UNITED STATES.

685

pleased to the assessor in designating the owner; I8&3. but if they have confined him to the necessity- of '-V'
Corporkion
determining the true owner, it is not in our power of to enlarge 'is discretion. It may be a hardship Washingto upon the corporation, but the legislature only can PrEt. decide Whether that hardship shall be perpetuated or not. It must be observed, that the alternative is one which would put it in the power of the assessor to designate a mere nominal owner, a kind of casual ejector, in every case. Had Congress intended to lighten the labours of the corporation, or their assessor, in this respect, there were very simple means of doing it;' they might have sanctioned a designation with reference to the first or last vendee of record. But, it is obvious, that Congress were very jealous of the exercise of this power over the lots of absentees; and, in the previous provisions of this eighth section, they make the right of selling, with referience to the time of advertising, to depend expressly upon ownership ; not reputed ownership or assessment: " to whom the property belongs," are the words of the law. When, therefore, they afterwards speak of publishing the name of the person to whom the lot was assessed, they must be held to mean, the name of him who was owner at the time of the assessment. This removes many of the inconveniences apprehended from subsequent or fraudulent transfers ; and the inquiries remaining to be made by the assessor, will be greatly simplified by the operation of the registering laws of the district. It will seldom happen, that the legal estate does not, in fact, exist in the last vendee of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. record, or his heirs or devisees. The name of Sthe real party in interest must have been, in the
Corporation
of eyes of Congress, the most awakening circumWashington stance of the advertisement required to warn him
V. Pratt. of his danger.
2. The second question is, whether, where several lots belonged, and were assessed to one person, and two years' taxes were due on every one of them, it would be lawful to sell one of the lots to pay the taxes due upon all, or each lot would be liable only to be sold to pay. the tax due on itself ?
This question, thus stated, does not admit of a general answer.
That each lot stands encumbered with no more than its own taxes, and the lien upon each is several and distinct, results, not less from the provisions of thiseighth section, which gives the right of redeeming severally, than from the consideration that, in case of a partial sale by the proprietor of many lots, the purchaser from him would not, by the act of transfer, hold his purchase disencumbered of its own particular taxes, either absolutely, or upon the contingency of the remaining lots of his vendor being adequate to the satisfaction of the taxes due on the whole. Nor would a purchaser of a single lot hold his purchase encumbered with the taxes due on the whole mass of lots held by the vendor: each would have the right to redeem, upon paying the taxes assessed on his own particular purchase, and would hold his purchase subject to such taxes.
The provisions of the ,ct are clearly intended

OF THE UNITED STATES.

687

to raise the tax of each lot from itself. The 1829. words are, so much thereof, not so many; as they '*v
Coardon
must have been, after speaking of " unimproved of lots," had it been intended to authorize the sale of w.b some, for the taxes of others; a..d not the sale of Pratt. each one, or "so much" as is necessary of each one, ,for the payment of its own taxes. Apply the enacting words to the case of an owner of a single lot, and the effect of the word " much," can only be to authorize a sale of part of a lot, whenever circumstances will admit of such a sale, and the sum due will not require more. But if taxes be due by one and the same individual, in small sums, upon many lots, and one lot being set up for sale, produces a sum adequate to the payment of all, -the whole arrears become paid off,and no excuse can then exist for making further sales.
This exposition disposes of the second question.
3. The third question is, whether it be necessary that the advertisement should contain a par-
ticular statement of the amount of taxes due on each lot separately; or, where several lots belonged to the-same person, whether it would be sufficient to state in the advertisement, the aggregate amount of taxes due on all the lots so belonging to the same person?
This may be a very immaterial question practically, and it may ndt be very easy to assign a sufficient reason of policy for the one or other alternative. But what have we to do with such inquiries in cases of positive enactment ? The law must be pursued, whatever be the previous

688

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1.823. steps required. The difficulty here presented, is

.'
Corporation

grounded

on the

use

of the

words

in

this eighth

of section, "1amount of taxes," This,,in its ordinary

Washingto
V.
Pratt.

import, expresses an aggregate of taxes. But, it is
obvious, that we cannot here apply that aggregate idea to a sum mw, up from the taxes of many lots; since this would also support the sufficiency of a publication exhibiting nothing more than the amount of taxes upon the whole list 'oflots advertised, whoever be the proprietors.' Some more appropriate signification must, therefore, be sought for it; and this is easily found ; for, when it is considered, that the taxes of each lot are made several liens upon each, it follows, that this aggregate idea can have reference only to the amount made up from the arrears of the two years, which must be due to authorize a sale.
We, therefore, think, that the taxes of each lot ought to be severally exhibited. The operation of such a provision must be the test of its own policy. The duty is easily complied with, and the performance of it may not be destitute of practical utility.
4. The fourth point has not been pressed by the appellants' counsel, nor can there be a doubt entertained, that it is altogether against the appellants. The publication of the sum due, was as necessary under the eighth section as any other act required by it; the circumstance of time in the. advertisement, therefore, could not have been dispensed with as to that particular. An increase of the sum demanded, necessarily required the extension of the time of advertising. Non con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

6*9

stat, but that the smaller sum may have been 1825.

provided and ready on the day of sale; or that '-v-.,

Copormtion

the larger would not have been provided within of

the legal time,

had

the

advertisement

been

cin-

Washington
V.

tinued.

Pratt.

5. The fifth questionis, whether, if unimproved

lots, on which two years' taxes be due, be adver-

tised for sale, and the amount stated be greater

than that actually due,- the sale of such lots will

be void; and, if void, whether for the whole, or

only for the amount of excess, when the amount

is divisible, as it may be in the sale of several

lots ?

This question may be disposed of thus: As it

supposes that two years' taxes are actually due,

there can be no doubt that the lots may be seve-

rally sold; for the greater sum includes the less,

and the owner had his remedy to prevent a sale,

by tendering the amount actually due on any par-

ticular lot set up for sale. But if the corporation

are suffered to go on to sell, and the sale of any

one or more lots shall produce the amount actually

due on the whole, by the same individual, it is

clearly at their peril to proceed further. They

must, in law, be held cognisant of the amount

justly demandable, and have no power to sell, but

for taxes actually due.

The sixth question we understand to be with-

drawn; and the seventh, at least in one view of

it, we consider as disposed of in the answers to

the first and fifth. If two years' taxes be actually

due by the party whose property is advertiied,.

and it be not tendered, the sale must be valid,

VOL.

S7

1823.
Sneedd
v. wster.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and the owner must be left to his remedy against the corporation for adjusting the correct amount. But if it be intended to obtain the decision of this Court, whether one man's lots can be legally
sold for another man's debts, we cannot perceive that it will admit of a question ; nor can it ever occur, if the course be pursued which is marked out by this decision.
The tenth point made in the cause, is one which goes to contest the correctness of the decision below, on a general principle of equity; but, understanding this question, as well as that which arises upon the ground of the complainant's supposed remedy at law, to be withdrawn, we shall decline noticing them.

Decree affirmed, with costs.

[FLEADIe. LoCAL LA1w.
SNEED and others, Plaintifsin Error,
V.
WISTER and others, Defendants in Error.
The Act of Assembly of Kentucky, of the 7th of February, 1812, " giving interest on judgments for damages, in certain cases," applies as well to cases depending in the Circuit Courts of the Union, as to proceedings in similar cases in the State Courts.
The party is as well entitled to interest in an action on an appeal bond, as if he were to proceed on the judgment, if the. judgment be'on a contract for the payment of money. He is entitled to interest fAm the rendition of the original judgment.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
damages given upon affirmance by the Court of Appeals. And if the above opinion, in respect to the interest to which the plaintiff was entitled, be correct, it follows, that the Court below was right in refusing to give the second instruction asked for by the defendants' counsel.

697
1823.
Hugh
V.
Rgg.

Judgment affirmed, with costs.

[PACTICE.]

HuGH, Plaintiff in Error, V.
HIGGS and Wife, Defendants in .Error.
-Noaction at law will lie on the decretal order of a Court of Equity.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia.

This cause was argued by Mr. Key, for the Vrh 6th plaintiff in error,' and by Mr. Jones, for the defendants in error.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSAALL delivered the mard, 14m. opinion of the Court. This is an 'action on the case, brought to recover the money which the plaintiff in error had been decreed by a Court of Chancery to pay to the defendants in error. The defendant in the Court below contended, that an

a He cited Carpenter v. Thornton. 3 Bamp. &" JJ. 52.

VOL. VIII.

8

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Hug
Higgs.

action at common law did not lie on a decree in SChancery, and excepted to the opinion of that Court, overruling this objection. It is admitted
by the opposite counsel, that, in general, the
action does not lie to recover money claimed under the decree of a Court of equity, but he supposed that, in this case, the money had been received by the defendant below, upon transactions which took place after the decree. Upon examining the record, we perceive that the money was in his hands, as trustee, at the time the order to pay it over was made.
An objection was also made to an opinion of the Circuit Court, upon another part of the case. There was an agreement between the parties, under seal, and having some relation to the money to which part of the claim relates, and the defendant below objected to the form of the action on that account. But we cannot discover, from the bill of exceptions, whether the money in contest was, or was not, received under that instrument. On that point, therefore, the Court gives no opinion. The judgment is to be reversed for error in the opinion of the Court below, which declares the action to be sustainable on the decretal order of the Court of Chancery, and the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court for further
proceedings. Judgment reversed.

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
IN THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1823.
[CONSTITUTIONAL LAW,]
GREEN and Others v. BIDDLE.
The act of the State of Kentucky, of the 27th of February, 1797, concerning occupying claimants of land, whilst it was in force, was repugnant-to the constitution of the United States, but it was repealed by a subsequent act of the 31st of January, 1810 to amend the said act; and the last mentioned act is also repugnant to the constitution of the United States, as being in violation of the compact between the States of Virginia and Kentucky, contained in the act of the legislature of Virginia, of the 18th of December, 1789, and incorporated into the constitution of Kentucky.
By the common law, the statute law of Virginia, the principles of equity, and the civil law, the claimant of lands who succeeds in his suit, is entitled to an account of mesne profits, received by the occupant from some periodprior to the judgment of eviction, or decree.
At common law, whoever takes and holds possession ofland, to which another has a better title, whether he be a boncfuieior a malm idci possessor, is liable to the true owner for all the rents and profits which he has received: but the disseisor, if he be a on .f=dei occupant, may recoup the value of the meliorations made by him against the claim of damages. VOL. VIII.

1823.
Green V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Equity allows an account of rents and profits in all cases, from the time of the title accrued, (provided it does not exceed six years,) un-
less under special circumstances, as where the defendant had no notice of the plaintiff's tide, nor had the deeds in which the plaintiff's title appeared in his custody, or where there has been laoches in the
plaintiff in not asserting his title, or where his title appeared by deeds in a stranger's custody; in all which, and other similar cases, the account is confined to the time of filing the bill. By the civil law, the exemption of the occupant from an account for rents and profits is strictly confined to the case of a bq.mfidei possessor, who not only supposes himself to be the true owner of the land, but who is ignorant that his title is contested by some other person claiming a better right. And such a possessor is entitled only to the fruits or profits which were produced by his own industry, and not even to those, unless they were consumed. Distinctions between these rules of the civil and common law, and of the Court of Chancery, and the provisions of the acts of Kentucky, concerning occupying claimants of land. The invalidity of a State law, as impairing the obligation of contracts, does not depend upon the extent of the change which the law effects in the 6ontract. Any deviation from its terms, by postponing or accelerating the period of its performance, imposing conditions not expressed in the contract, or dispensing with the performance of those which are expressed, however minute or apparently immaterial in their effect upon the contract, impairs its obligation. The compact of 1789, between Virginia and Kentucky, was valid under that provi-ion of the constitution, which declares, that "no State shall, without the consent of Congress, enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power :'--no particular mode, in which that consent must be given, having been prescribed by the constitution; and Congress having consented to the admission of Kentucky into the Union, as a sovereign State, upon the conditions mentioned in the compact. The compact is not invalid upon the ground of its surrendering rights of sovereignty, which are unalienable. This Court has authority to declare a State law unconstitutional, upon the ground of its impairing the obligation of a compact between different States of the Union. The prohibition of the constitution embraces all contracts, executed or executory, between private individuals, or a State and individuals, or corporations, or between the States themselves.

THIS was a writ of right, brought in the Circuit

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Court of Kentucky, by the demandants, Green and others, who were the heirs of John Green, deceased, against the tenant, Richard Biddle, to recover certain lands in the State of Kentucky, in his po;session. The cause was brought before -this Court upon a division of opinion of-the judges of the Court below, on the following questions :
. Whether the acts of the legislature of the State of Kentucky, of the 27th of February, 1797, and ofthe 31st ofJanuiary, 1812, concerning occupyi ng claimants of land, are constitutional or not; the demandants and the tenant both claiming title to the land in controversy under patents from the State of Virginia, prior to the erection of the district of Kentucky into a State ?
2. Whether the question of improvements ought to be settled under the above act of 1797, the suit having been brought before the passage of 1he act of 1812, although judgment for the demandant was not rendered, until after the passage of the last mentioned act ?
The grouind, upon which the unconstitutionality of the above acts was asserted, was, that they impaired the obligation of the compact between the States of Virginia and Kentucky, contained in an act of the legislature of the former State, passed the 18th of December, 1789, which declares, "that all private rights, and interests of lands within the said District" (of Kentucky) " derived from the laws of Virginia prior to such separation, shall remain valid and secure under the laws of the proposed State, and shall be determined by the laws now existing in this State." This compact was

1823..
Green
V. .

1823.
Green
V..
Biddle.

CASES IN THE 6UPIEME COURT
ratified by the convention which framed the constitution of Kentucky, and incorporated into that constitution as one of its fundamental articles.
The most material provisions in the act of 1797,
which were supposed to impair the obligation of the compact of 1789, and therefore void, are the following:
1. It provides that the occupant of land, from which he is evicted by better title, shall, in all cases, be excused from the payment of rents and profits accrued prior to actual notice of the adverse title, provided his possession in its inception was peaceable, and he shows a plain and connected title, in law or equity, deduced from some record.
2. That the successful claimant is liable to a judgment against him for all valuable and lasting improvements made on the land prior to actual notice of the adverse title, after deducting from the amount the damages which the land has sustained by waste or deterioration of the soil by cultivation.
3. As to improvements made, and rents and profits accrued, after notice of the adverse title, the amount of the one shall be deducted from that of the other, and the balance added to, or subtracted from, the estimated value of the improvements made before such notice, as the nature of the case may require. But it is provided, by a subsequent clause, that in no case shall the successful claimant be obliged to pay for improvements made after notice, more than what is equal to the rents and profits.
4. If the improvements exceed the value of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

5

land in its unimproved state, the claimant shall be allowed the privilege of conveying the land to the occupant, and receiving in return the assessed value of it without the improvements, and thus to protect himself against a judgment, and execution for the value of the improvements. If he declines doing this, he shall recover possession of his land, but shall then pay the estimated value of the improvements, and also lose the rents and profits accrued before notice of the claim. But to entitle him to claim the value of the land as above mentiondd, he must give bond and security to warrant the title.
The act of 1812 contains the following provisions :
1. That the peaceable occupant of land, who
supposes it to belong to him in virtue of some legal or equitable title, founded on a record, shall be paid by the successful claimant for his improvements.
2. That the claimant may avoid the payment of the value of such improvements, at his election, by relinquishing the land to the occupant, and be paid its estimated value in its unimproved state.
Thus, if the claimant elect to pay for the value of the improvements, he is to give bond and security to pay the same, with interest, at different instalments. If he fail to do this, or if the value of the improvements exceeds three fourths of the unimproved land, an election is given to the occupant to have a judgment entered against the claimant for the assessed value of the improvements, or to take the- land, giving bond and security to

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. pay the value of the land, if unimproved, by in-

Greeb Sstalments, with interest.

V.

But if the claimant is not willing to pay for the

Biddle. improvements, and- they should exceed three

fourths of the value of the unimproved land, the occupant is obliged to give bond and security to pay the assessed value of the land, with interest;
which if he 'fail to do, judgment is to be entered against him for such value, -the claimant releasing his right to the land, and giving bond and security to warrant the title.
If the value of the improvements does not exceed three fourths of the value of the unimproved land, then the occupant is not bound (as he is in the former case) to give bond and security to pay the value of the land; 'but he may claim a judgment for the value of his improvements; or take the land, giving bond and security, as before mentioned, to pay the estimated value of the land.
3. The exemption of the occupant from the payment of the rents ind profits, extends to all such as accrued during his occupancy, before judgment rendered against him in the first' instance: but such as accrue after such judgment, for a term not exceeding five years, as also waste and damage, committed by the occupant after 8uit brought, are to be deducted from the value of the improvements, or the Court may render judgment for them against the occupant.
4. The amount of such rents-and profits, damages and waste, and alsb the value of the improvements, and of the land without the improvements,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

are to be ascertained by commissioners, to be appointed by the Court; and who act under oath.
The cause was argued at February term, 1821, by Mr.' Talbot and Mr. B. Hardn, for the dernandants, no counsel appearing for the tenant.
They contended, that the acts of the State legislature, in question, were inconsistent with the true meaning and spirit of the compact of 1789, their avowed scope and object being to change the existing condition of the parties litigant, respecting the security of private rights and interests of land, within the territory of Kentucky, derived from the laws of Virginia prior to the separation. These acts do not merely attempt to alter the mode of prosecuting remedies for the recovery of rights and interests thus derived, (which possibly-they nr.ght do,) but essentially affect the right and interest in the land recovered. They seek to accomplish this, by diminishing or destroying the value of the interest in controversy, by compelling the successful claimant and rightful owner of the land, to pay the one half, and, in some instances, the entire value of the land recovered; not the -actual value of the amelibration of the land, while held by the ocoupying claimant, but the expense and labour of.'making the improvements.
Both the acts are framed in the same spirit and with the same object; both are adapted to' change the relative condition of the parties, to the great prejudice of the rightful owner. The principal object in view in the act of 1797, was to exempt the occupant from his liability for waste committed by him, or rents and profits received by him, prior

1823.
Green
V.
Biddfle.
Ftb.6 1h,

1823. - Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
to the commencement of the suit for the land, al-. though he may, when he first took possession,
have had full notice of the plaintiff's title, and consequently be a male fidei possessor. The act
of 1812, purporting to be in amendment of the former act, with the avowed purpose of still further protecting the interests of the occupant, completely exempts him from all liability for waste committed, or for rents and profits received, before the judgment or decree in the suit. In no possible case can the right owner recover more than five years' rent, although the litigation may, and frequently does, last a much 'longer period; whilst he is subjected to the payment for all improvements made at any period of the suit, down to the time of final judgment, to be set off against the amount of his clainy for rents and profits. abridged and limited as it is by this act.
The object of the compact was plainly to secure to all persons deriving titles under the then existing laws of Virginia, the entire and perpetual enjoyment of their rights of property, against any future legislative acts of the State of Kentucky, which it was foreseen might be passed under the influence of local feelings and interests. The compact did not merely intend to secure the determination of the titles to land by those laws, but also the actual enjoyment of the rights and interests thus established. It did not intend to givb the true owner a right to recover, and then to couple that right with such onerous conditions as to make it worthless: to compel him to repurchase his own land, by indemnifying the occupant, (often

OF THE UNITED STATES.

a mala fidei possessor,) not for his expenses and

labour in improving the value, but frequently in

the deterioration of the land, to the -great injury of

the owner. The "rights and interests," of which

the compact speaks, were not only to be rendered

valid and secure, by preserving the modes and

forms of proceeding for the assertion of those

tights, .but by preserving the existing provisions

of law and -rules of equity, under which the practi-

cal object and end of a suit-are to be attained: the

possession and enjoyment of the land, unburthened

with any unjust conditions extorted by fraud and

violence. Its letter and-spirit both, forbid the in-

terpretation, by which laws are made to exempt the

occupant from his liability to account for the mesne

profits, upon the pre-existing principles of law and

equity; and by which that exemption is extended

to every period of time, from his first taking pos-

session down to his being actually ejected, with-

out any regard to the circumstances by which the

original character of his possession may be entirely

changed by notice of a better tide, of which he

might have been originally ignorant. And is not

the loss or injury resulting from the diminution of

the value or amount, recovered and actually re-

ceived by the true owner, by taking one half the

value of the land to pay for the estimated value or

cost of the pretended ameliorations, of the same

extent, as if, upon a recovery of an entire tract of

land, the judgment was*to be declared satisfied

by delivering possession of a moiety only? Do

then the 'ights and interests of land, as they were

derived from the laws of Virginia, remain valid

VOL. VIII.

2

11825.
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. and secure, under these acts of the legislature of

\KGeren~teun cky?

If by validity and security be meant

V. injury, forfeiture, and destruction, then indeed

Biddle. the terms of the compact are amply satisfied.

But if an entire and complete protection of these rights and interests, as to their value, use, and enjoyment by the true owner, was intended; then the laws in question, (the avowed object and intontion, as well as the practical operation of which, is to better the condition of the occupant at the expense of the true and lawful owner, by compelling the latter, after he has recovered a formal judgment, establishing the validity of his title, to purchase the execution of that judgment by the performance of conditions which the laws existing in 1789 did not require,) are a gross violation of the compact, and consequently unconstitutional and void. If, in short, that which cannot be done directly, ought not to be permitted to be done indirectly and circuitously, the legislature of Kentucky were no more authorized to enact rules or regulations, by the operation of which the land recovered by the real owner is encumbered with a lien, to the amount of half, or any other pro-
portion of its value, for the benefit of the occupant, and to indemnify him for his fault or misfortune in claiming under a defective title, than they would have been to produce tli. -ame effect, and to equalize the condition of the parties, by dividing the specific land between them.

.Marc 5th, Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the
81. Court.

OF THE UNrTED STATES.
The first question certified from the Circuit Court of Kentucky, in this cause, is, whether the acts of Kentucky, of the 27th of February, 1797, and of the 31st of January, 1812, concerning occupying claimants of land, are unconstitutional?
This question depends principally upon the construction of the seventh article of the compact made between Virginia and Kentucky, upon the separation of the latter from the former .State, that compact being a part of the constitution of Kentucky. The seventh article declares, "that all private rights and interests of lands, within tli said District, derived from the laws of Virginia, shall remain valid and secure under the laws of the proposed State, and shall be determined by the laws now existing in this State."
We should have been glad, in the consideration of this subject, to have had the benefit of an argument on behalf of the tenant; but as no counsel has appeared for him, and the cause has been for some time before the Court, it is necessary to pronounce the decision, which, upon deliberation, we have formed.
As far as we can understand the construction of the seventh article of the compact contended for by those who assert the constitutionality of the laws in question, it is, that it was intended to secure to claimants of lands their rights and interests therein, by preserving a determination of their titles by the laws under which they were acquired. If this be the true and only import of the article, it is a mere nullity; for, by the general principles of law, and from the necessity of the case, titles to

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
real estate can be determined only by the laws of the State under which they are acquired. Titles
to land cannot be acquired or transferred in any other mode than that prescribed by the laws of the
territory where it is situate. Every government has, and from the nature of sovereignty must have, the exclusive right of regulating the descent, distribution, and grants of the domain within its own boundaries; and this right must remain, tintil it yields it up by compact or conquest. When once a title to lands is asserted under the laws of a territory, the validity of that title can be judged of by no other rule than those laws furnish, in which it had its origin; for no title can be acquired contrary to those laws : and a title good by those laws cannot be disregarded but by a departure from the first principles of justice. If the article meant, therefore, what has been supposed, it meant only to provide for the affirmation of that which is the universal rule in the Courts of civilized nations, professing to be governed by the dictates of law.
Besides, the titles to lands can, in no just sense, in compacts of this sort, be supposed to be separated from the rightsand interests in those lands. iwould be.almost a mockery to suppose that Virginia could feel any solicitude as to the recognition of the abstract validity of titles, when they would draw after them no beneficial enjoyment of the property. Of what value is that title which communicates no right or interest in the land itself ? or how can that be said to be any title at all which cannot be asserted in a Court of justice

OF THE UNITED STATES.

by the owner, to defend or obtain possession of his

property ?

·

The language of the seventh article cannot, in our judgmentbe so construed. The word title does

not occur in it. It declares, in the most explicit

terms, that all private rights and interests of

lands, derived from the laws of Virginia, shall re-

main valid and secure under the laws of Kentucky,

and shall be determined by the laws then existing

in Virginia. It plainly imports, therefore, that

these rights and interests, as to their nature and

extent, shall be exclusively determined by the laws

of Virgiiiia, and that their security and validity

shall not be in any way impaired by the laws of

Kentucky. Whatever law, therefore, of Ken-

tucky, does narrow these rights and diminish

these interests, is a violation of the compact, and

is consequently unconstitutional.

The only question, therefore, is, whether the acts

of 1797 and 1812 have this effect. It is undenia-

ble that no acts of a similar character were in ex-

istence in Virginia at the time when the compact

was made, and therefbre no aid can be derived

from the actual legislation of Virgiida to support

them. The act of 1797 provides, that persons

evicted from lunds to which they can show a plain

and connected title in law or equity, without actual

notice of an adverse title, shall be exempt from

all suits for rents or profits prior to actual notice

of such adverse -title. It also provides, that comissioners shall be appointed by the Court pro-

nouncing the judgment of eviction, to assess the

value of all lasting and valuable improvements.

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN TflE SUPREME COURT
made on the land, prior to such notice, and they are to return the assessment thereof, after subtracting all damages to the land by waste, &c. to the Court; and judgment is to be entered for the
assessment, in favour of the person evicted, if the balance be for him, against the successful party, upon which judgment execution shall immediately issue, unless such party shall give bond for the payment of the same, with five per cent. interest, in twelve months from the date thereof. And if the balance be in favour of the successful party, a like judgment and proceedings are to be had in his favour. The act further provides, that the commiasioners shall also estimate the value of the lands, exclusive of the improvements;. and if the value of the improvements shall exceed the value of the lands, the successful claimant may transfer his title to the other party, and have a judgment in his favour against such party for such estimated value of the lands, &c. There are other provisions not material to be stated.
The act of the 31st of January, 1812; provides, that if any person hath seated or improved, or shall thereafter seat or improve any lands, supposing them to be his own by reason of a claim in law or equity, the foundation of such claim being of public record, but which lands shall be proved to belong to another, the charge and value of such seating and improving, shall be paid by the right owner to such seater or improver, or his assignee, or occupan't so claiming. If the right owner is not willing to disburse so much, an estimate is to be made of the value of the lands, exclusive of the seating

OF T-IE UNITED STATLS.
and improvements; and also of the value of such seating and improvements. If the value of the seating. and improving exceeds three fourths of the value of the lands if unimproved, then the valuation of the land is to be paid by the seater or improver; if not exceeding three fourths, then the valuation of the seating and improving is to be paid by the right owner of the land. The act further provides, that no action shall be maintained for rents or profits against the occupier, for any time elapsed before the judgment or decree in the suit. The act then provides for the appointment of commissioners to make the valuations; and for the giving of bonds, &c. for the amount of the valuations, by the party who is to pay the same; and in default theieof, provides that judgment shall be given against the party for the amount; or if the right owner falls to give bond, &c. the other party may, at his.election, give bond, &c:..and take the land. And the act then proceeds to declare, that the occupant shall not be evicted or dispossessed by a writ of possession, until the report of the commissioners is made, and judgment rendered, or bonds executed in pursuance of the act.
From this summary of the p'incipal provisions of the acts of 1797 and 1812, it is apparent that they materially impair the rights and interests of the rightful owner in the land itself. They are parts of a system, the object of which is to compel the rightful owner to relinquish his lands, or pay for all lasting improvements.made upon them, without his consent or default: and in many cases

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

182,.
'' Green
V. Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
those improvements may greatly exceed the original cost and value of the lands in his hands. No
judgment can be executed, and no possesqion obtamined for the lands, unless upon the terms of com-
plying with the requisitions of the acts. They, therefore, in effect, create a direct and permanent lien upon-the lands for the value of all lasting improvements made upon them; without the payment of which, the possession and enjoyment of the lands cannot be. acquired. It requires no reasoning to show, that such laws necessarily diminish the beneficial interests of the rightful owner in the lands. Under the laws of Vjrginia no such burthen was imposed on the owner. He had a right to sue for, recover, and enjoy them, without any such deductions or payments.
The seventh article of the compact meant to secure all private rights and interests derived from the laws of Virginia, as valid and secure under the laws of Kentucky, as they were under the then existing laws of Virginia. To make those rights and interests so valid and secure, it is essential to preserve the beneficial proprietary interest of the rightful owner, in the same- state in which they were, by the laws of Virginia, at the time of the separation. If the legislature of Kentucky had declared by law, that no person should recover lands in this predicament, unless upon payment, by the owner, of a moiety, or of the whole of their value, it would beobvious that the former rights and interests of the owner would be completely extinguished pro tanto. If it had further provided, that he should be compelled to sell the same at

OF THE UNITED STATES.
one half or one third of their value, or compelled to sell, without his own consent, at a price to be fixed by others, it would hardly be doubted that such laws were a violation of the compact.
These cases may seem strong; but they differ not in the nature,but in the degree only of the wrong inflicted on the innocent owner. He is no more bound by the laws of Virginia to pay for improvements, which he has not authorized, which he may not want, or which he .may deem useless, than he is to pay a sum to a stranger for the liberty of possessing and using his own property, according to the rights and interests secured to him by those laws. It is no answer, that the acts of Kentucky, now in question, are regulations of the remedy, and not of the right to lands. If those acts so-change the nature and extent of existing remedies, as materially to impair the rights and interests of the owner, they are just as much a violation of the compact, as'if they directly overturned his rights and interests.
It is the unanimous opinion of the Court, that the acts of 1797 and 1812, are a violation of the seventh article of the compact with Virginia, and therefore are unconstitutional. This opinion renders it unnecessary to give any opinion on the second question certified to us from the Circuit
Court.a

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

Mr. Clay, (as amicus curie,) moved for a re- March 12io hearing in the cause, upon the ground that it in- 1821.
a Present Mr. Chief Justice M.ARSHALL, and Justices JoHNsox, LIVINGSTON, TODD, D'VALL, and STORY.
Vor,. VII1.

1823.
GGrreeeenn
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN rI1E SUPREME COURT
volved the rights and claims of numerous occupants of land in Kentucky, who had been allowed by the laws of that State, in consequence of the confusion of the land titles, arising out of the vi-
cious system of location under the land law of Virginia, an indemnity for their expenses and labour bestowed upon lands of which they had been the bone fidei possessors and improvers, and which were reclaimed by the true owners. lIe stated, that the rights and interests of those claimants would be irrevocably determined by this decision of the Court, the tenant in the present cause having permitted it to be brought to a hearing without appearing by his counsel, and without any argument on that side of the question. He therefore moved, that the certificate to the Circuit Court, of the opinion of this Court upon the questions stated, should be withheld, and the cause continued to the next term for argument.
Motion granted.

March 8th, Mr. Montgomery, for the demandant, made
91h, l0th, and
la, 1822. three points: 1st. That this Court is invested with the power
of questioning the validity of the legislative acts of Kentucky, under which the tenant claims, both by the national constitution and the State constitution of Kentucky.
2d. That the acts of Kentucky, so far as they respect the present controversy, are null and void.
5d. That the act of 1812 cannot be applied to the case, consistently with the provisions of the constitution of Kentucky and of ihe United States.

OF TUE UNITED STATES.

1. He denie.d that,.this Court was bound by the exposition, given b.y the State Courts, to that part of the State constitution now drawn in question, even in a case of which the national judiciary had cognizance merely from the character of the parties litigant, as being citizens of different States: and still less where the subject matter in controversy was connected with that provision of the United States' constitution, which- secured the inviolability of contracts against State legislative acts. Such a doctrine would furnish an effectual recipe for sanctioning injustice by the forms of law, by giving to local decisions a much more extensive effect than had ever been before attributed to them. Unquestionably, the adjudications of the State Courts, where they have become a settled rule of property,.are in general to be regarded as conclusive evidence of the local law; but where the interpretation' of the fundamental law of the State is involved, and especially where that interpretation depends upon the constitution of the
Union, (which is the supreme law,) the State Courts must necessarily be controlled by the supe.rintending authority of this Court. This depends upon a principle peculiar to our constitutions, and which distiaguishes them from every free and limited government which has been hitherto known in the world. In England, the legislative power of Parliament is not nnly supreme, but it is absolute, and (so far as depends upon written rules) despotic-and uncontrollable by any other authority whatever.a But various

1823.
- Green v.
Biddle.

a 1 BI.-Com. 160-162.

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
limitations upon the legislative power are contained in the constitution of Kentucky; and that
of the United States contains other restraints upon the legislative power of the several States, and gives to the national judiciary the authority of enforcing them, especially in controversies arising between ciiizens of different States, as the present case does.
2. He stated that the second point would be maintained by establishing two propositions. First, that the legislative acts in question are repugnant to the -terms of the compact of 1789, between the States of Virginia and Kentucky, which is made a fundamental article of the constitution of Kentucky. Second, that the acts are repugnant to that constitution, in depriving the demandant of the trial by jury;
The terms used in the compact, " rights and interests of land," import something more than a mere formal title. A right of property necessarily includes the right to recover the possession, to enter, to enjoy the rents and profits, and to continue to possess undisturbed by others." He who has a right to land, and is in possession, has a right to be maintained in that possession, .and in the use of the land and its fruits; and he who has a right to land, but is out of possession, has a right to recover the possession or seisin. These are the qualities and incidents of a right to land at common law; i6ne of which had been taken away by the statute at the time the compact was made.
a Jac. Law Dic. tit. Right, 536. Co. Lilt. . 445. 447. 8 Rep. A f1wnz's case. Plowd. 478 -

OF "kHE UNITED STATES.

.As to the word "interest," it might have been inserted ez abundanti cautela, to protect rights which, at the time of the compact, were not yet carried into grant. The term interest, as applied to land, according to many authorities, may be something different from a right to land in fee simple; yet it cannot be doubted, that he who has a fee simple has an interest in the land. A term for years is an interest,and so is the right both of mortgagor and mortgagee. It is then quite clear, that the term rights and interests of land medns a great deal more than the mere use and possession of the evidence of title.
What, then, were the pre-existing rules of law and equity, with reference to which the compact of 1789 is to be construed? By. the common law then in force in Virginia, and by the statute of 1785, the remedy by writ of right was given to him who had the fee; and if the demandant recovered.his seisin, he might also recover damages, to be assessed by the recognitors of assize, for the tenant's withholding possession of the tenement demanded.a In cases where an ejectment was brought, the: party might have his separate action for the mesne profits, which could only be restrained in its operation by the statute of limitations of fiv years. As to the system of positive equity, which had been established at the period referred to, and which it was supposed was not infringed
by the legislative acts now in question, it will be found that the cases where the Court of Chancery

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

a I Virg. Rev. Cod. 33.

1823.
v%
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
has interfered, may be reduced to the following classes: (1) Where the party came into equity in order to disembarrass his legal title of difficulties resulting from the defect of evidence at law, and
also prayed a decree for the mesne profits. (2.) Where the title was merely equitable, Chancery has decreed both as to the title and for the mesne profits. (3.) So also in cases of dower, the title as well as the mesne profits has been decreed. (4.) In caseb where infants are interested, the title and mesne profits have both been determined. In all these cases, the plaintiff sought relief, as well touching the title, as for an account of the mesne profits; and the claimant has therefore been allowed for valuable and lasting improvements, bona fide made. In the first and second classes, the account for mesne profit has been taken from the time of bringing the suit only, because tl-e plaintiff had improperly lain by with his title. But where that fact does not appear, the account is always carried back to the time the title accrued.a There is no case where a bill has been filed by the occupant, claiming the value of his improvements against the right owner. The cases where it has been allowed, are where the title and an account of rents and profits constituted the matter of the complainant's bill, and where the defendant resisted the relief sought, by setting up some colour of title in himself, with a

a 2 Vern. 724. 1 4tk. 524-5'6. 2 Ak. 83. 283. 3.4tk. 130--134. 2 1'. Wns. 45, 616. 1 Madd. Chant. 73-75.
1 Wa],. 329.

tiF THE UNITED STATES.
claim for the improvements. This went upon the favourite maxim of the Court of Chancery, that he who will have equity must do equity. But though no case, where the occupant was the plaintiff, is to be found before 1789, yet it is admitted there are certain maxims and principles of equity, which, combined with the peculiar state of land titles in Ke.ntucky, would authorize a Court of equity to relieve. Yet it is quite evident, that a party coming with his bill for relief, after a recovery had against him at law, must have stood upon a very different ground than the complainants in the cases above referred to. His application must have been to the extraordinary powers of the Court; he must have come in under the rule, that he who will have equity must do equity; he would not have been permitted to gain by the loss of the other party. 0 Upon a bill brought after a recovery in a real action, the account would have been carried .back to the time of his first taking possession: complete equity would have been done by making a full estimate of the value of the rents and waste on one side, and of the improvements on the other; the want of notice of the defendant's title could not have been considered as important, since he would stand upon his judgment at law: but the decree would be for the balance of the account thus taken. After a recovery of mesne profits, in the action of tres-

1823.
Green
V. Biddle.

a Locupletiorem neminem fieri cur alterius detrimeuto et injuria jure natura aquum est. L. Jure Naturc, 206. De Div. Reg. :.rJuntiq.

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
pass, following a recovery in ejectment, if ihe occupant had not pleaded the statute of limitations, he might have brought his bill, and the matter would have been adjusted in the same mode; but if he had pleaded the statute, and thus deprived the true owner of a part of his indemnity, he could not stand before the Court as a party willing to do equity, and consequently could not have equity. But even supposing that a bill would be retained in such a case, most certainly the same rule of limitations which deprived the proprietor of a part of his damages, would also be applied to the improvements made before the time of limitation. Admitting, too, that with respect to questions between the owner of the title as complainant, claiming relief, as well touching the title as for the rents and profits, and the other party, all the cases cannot be reconciled, yet there is a:very decided preponderance in favour of the doctrine now maintained; and with respect to a naked claim for improvements,' there is no contradiction whatever.
As to the terms "vahd and secure," which are used in the compact, with reference to the rights and interests of land derived from the laws of Virginia, they must import the permanent validity and security of whatever is included in, or incident to, the complete enjoyment of those rights and interests. This validity and security is impaired by the acts of the State legislature. now in question. By. the common law, connected with the statute of Virginia, before cited, the demandant, in a writ of right, was entitled to recover,

OF THE UNITED STATES,

together with his seisin, .such damages as the jury

might think him entitled to, for the detention of

the land, and for the~waste committed upon it,- extending back to the time when the occupant en-

tered upon the land. But by the act of 1797, s. 1,

he is to recover no damages for the 'use of the

land before actual notice, nor even subsequent to

that'notice, unless the suit is brought within a year.

By the third section of the act of 1812, -his dama-

ges for the detention are not to commence until

the final judgment or decree in the Court of ori-

ginal jurisdiction. Under the first act, his right

to damages is greatly diminished; under the se-

cond, it is almost annihilated. But suppose the

respective rights of the parties are teste.by the

settled doctrines of positive equity; the tenant,.

in the present case, seeking equity from a party

who had a clear legal right, would have been

compelled to do complete equity. He would have

received an equitable allowance for his improve-

ments, if bona fide made; but the judgment of

the demandant would not- have been disturbed;

the value of the improvements would have been

compared with the amount of his damages, and a

decree rendered according to the result of that

comparison. In the case of a recovery by eject-

ment, followed by the action of trespass for mesne

-profits, which Was the undoubted right of the

owner of the land, as the law stood in 1789, the

right of the ,plaintiff is diminished by the acts now

in question. Under the old law, he could not be

restricted from inquiring into the damages sus-

tained, from the time the defendant entered upon.

VOL. VIII.

4

1828.
Gmen
V. Bi~de.

1823.
Green
V. Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the land down to the time of suit brought, unless the defendant pleaded the statute of limitations.
But if the occupant insisted on that defence, lie could have no remedy in equity. The act of 1812
also makes the giving a bond for the value of the improvements a condition to the recovery of possession, thus depiiving the true owner of his preexistent absolute right to the appropriate writ of execution. . It is clear, then, that the rights of the proprietor of the land are impaired by the statutes in question; they are neither determined by the same laws, nor by the same principles of equity incorporated into new laws.
Nor can these statutes be supported on the principles of abstract justice. It is not only a maxim of the Court of Chancery, but of every wise legislator, that equality is equity. So, -also, one ought, not to gain by the loss of another, who was in no fault. From these two maxims, the corollary may be drawn, that where the respective capitals of two individuals are equal, and their occupations, skill, and industry are the same, their condition in the social state, (so far as it depends upon legislative regulations,) ought to be precise ly the same. Not that one may not benefit by turns of good fortune, without sharing his gains with the other; but that the law should not take from the one, to give to the other, tendering the one richer to make the other poorer, without some fault of the latter. Here the counsel illustrated the application of these priliciples, by putting a variety of cases which might occur under the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
statutes, to show the extreme injustice and inequality of their operation.
Nor does the fourth article of the compact, of 1789, warrant the passage of the acts under consideration. It merely gives to Kentucky the power of requiring lands to be improved and cultivated after six years. Tha this article does not apply to the present case may be shown by several considerations : (1.) The acts-in question do not, by their terms, purport to be in execution of such a power. (2.) A power to require the owners of land to improve and cultivate for the general welfare, is one thing; and a power to take away the property of one citizen and give it to another, is a very different thing. (3.) A law requiring improvement and. cultivation, and declaring a forfeiture for non-compliance, would only be applied to un6ccupied lands; whereas the lands to which alone the acts are applied are actually improved and cultivated. The true owner is. prevented by the acts of him who has usurped the possession from personal compliance.
It may be contended, that there are certain ancient statutes of Virginia, recognising the same obnoxious principles with the recent acts of Kentucky. But the only statute at all partaking of this character was that (called) of the 13th of Charles I., but in fact passed immediately after the restoration. This statute was entirely retrospective in its operation, and was intended to apply :o a peculiar state of things existing duriig the civil wars and the Commonwealth, as distinctly appears, both by the preamble and the enacting

I$o
v.
BWdle.

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN TIlE SI.PREMIE COUJI'I
clauses. It contained, however, no provision br depriving the true owner of the rents, &c. and was actually repealed in 1748.
As to the second particular proposition, under this general head, the constitution of Kentucky expressly declares, (art. 10. s. 6.) that " The ancient mode of trial by jury shall be held sacred, and the right thereof remain inviolate." The law of Virginia prescribed this mode of trial as to writs of right with all its details, and amongst others, that the damages of the demandant for the detention of the land should be assessed by the jury. An arbitrary tribunal of commissioners is substituted for this ancient mode of trial, by the acts, the validity of which is now drawn in ques-: tion. Thus is not only the amount of damages to which the demandant was entitled, under the old law, diminished to a pittance, buj even that is to be liquidated by a tribunal far more unfavourable to him than a jury.
3. The third general point would follow as a corollary from the proof of the two following propositions, or either of them : (1.) That the act of 1812 is repugnant both to the United States' constitution and that of Kentucky, as being retrospective in its operation upon vested rights, and as impairing the obligation of contracts. (2.) That it is repugnant to the constitution of Kentucky, in determining, by the legislative department, a matter which is exclusively cognizable by the judicial.
And first: the State constitution provides, art. 10. s. 18, that " No ex post facto law, nor law

OF TIE UNITED STATES.
impairing contracts, shall be made ;" and the national. constitution declares, rt. 1.s. ·13. that "No State shall pass any bill of attainder, ex post facto law, or law impairing the obligation of contracts." The terms of the prohibition are very similar, and the substance is absolutely the same. In the case at bar, the injury to the demandant was committed long before the passage of the act of 1812, which has interposed and violently deprived him of his remedy, even pendente lite. Considering the two prohibitions against ex post facto laws, and against laws impairing the obligation of contracts, together, they will be found to afford a complete protection to vested rights of property, and to apply precisely to the present case. All rights of action are founded either upon contracts or upon torts; they are either ex contractuor cx delictu. The framers of our constitutions, by the prohibitions against impairing the obligation of contracts, intended to protect all rights dependent upon contract from being diminished or destroyed; and they could not certainly have intended to leave injuries to property arising ex delictu wholly unredressed, or to leave the remedy to the caprice of the State legislatures. Doubtless, the more generally received opinion is, that this prohibition of ex postfacto laws is to be restricted to criminal matters. But there are great authorities to the contrary. The commentator on the laws of England, in laying down the maxim of political philosophy, that ex post facto laws ought not to be passed, does indeed illustrate his position by a criminal case: and probably some have been mis-

1823.
Green
V. Bid 'e

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

led, by taking the example for the rule.a Dr. SPaley, however, lays down the rule without any
qualification whatever.' But supposing this first proposition to be ques-
tionable, there certainly can be no doubt as to the second. By the constitution of Kentucky, it is declared, that " The powers of government shall be dividad into three distinct departments, and iack of them be confided to a separate body of magistracy, to wit: those which are legislative to one; those which are executive, to another; and those which are judicial, to another." And by the second section of the same article, that "No person, or collection of persons, shall exercise any power properly belonging to either of the others: excepting in the instances hereinafter expressly direqted or permitted." Now it cannot be denied, that a particular controversy, arising out of facts, which, by an existing law, give the parties a right to certain remedies in the Courts, is a matter exclusively of judicial cognizance. But here' the legislative department has adjudicated upon it by interfering with these remedies, after a uis pendens, so as to take away the property of one and
give it to another party. It is an adjudicat-on discharging the tenant from a just claim which the
demandant had "against-himunder the former law, without any equivalent or indemnity to the latter. That this adjudication has been clothed with the fbrms of public and general legislation, and includes every case of the same class, can make no

4 1 M. Cown.'46.

b Paley'8 Mor. andPol.Phil. 444.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
difference. This is an example of that very sort of legislation which Dr. Paley reprobates, and calls double; it being the exercise both of judicial and legislative power. Such legislative acts do not discriminate between difli eit cases, according to their peculiar circumstances, as the judicial authority would do. Thus, the act of 1812 confounds together the case of the person lying in wait with his title, to take an unfair advantage of the compact, and that of the rightful owner, who has constantly and openly pursued his claim; cases of infancy and of full age; of fair and frau, dulent settlement: in short, all circumstances a~d qualities are indistinguishably blended in one sweeping act of retrospective injustice.

182 v.
Bid e.

Mr. Bibb, contra, contended, that the substantial effect of the acts of 1797 and 1812, went merely to allow the grantee from the Commonwealth, who, under faith in his grant, has made valuable and lasting improvements, the amount of those improvements; 'and to exempt him from accounting for rents and profits, down to the time when lie begins to be a meilr fidei possessor by resisting the better title of the true owner. That the acts did not apply even to cases of disputed boundaries, but only to cases of conflicting titles; nor to cases of fraud, or of lands previously cultivated and improved. He entered into a detail of the provisions of the laws, of.the practice under them, 'and of the exposition they had received from the Courts; and-contended,
1st. That the principle of the act of 1812. is a

CASES IN THL SUPREMfE COURT

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

principle of natural equity and justice, as to perSmanent improvements by a bona fidei possessor,
2d. That the principle of postponing the account of rents and profits, is the true Chancery
rule, and such as "Qfamiliarly applied in the prac-
tice of Courts cf equity. 3d. That the laws are not repugnant to the com-
pact of 1789.. 1. The circumstances under which the coun-
try, where this momentous question arises, was settled, are to be considered. The manner in which it was colonized, and in which the titles to land were first acquired, and the consequent confusion of conflicting claims and litigation, are, unfortunately, but too well known to the Court. Under these difficult circumstances, all that the local legislature, has done, is to assert the principle of natural justice and artificial equity, that he who takes possession of vacant lands, under a prima facie legal title, and makes valuable and -lasting improvements, shall be considered as a bonefidei possessor. Such is the well established rule of the Court of Chancery, as to improvements which must pass with the freehold to the party asserting his paramount title. It is applied, where a vendee, under an agreement for a sale, takes possession : so, also, where a mortgagee is in possession, the Court never permits a redemption without paying for permanent improvements. If, then, the party has a right, in similar cases, to an indemnity, is it any objection that the statute has defined a rule, declaring what requisites shall be indispen-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sable? What better evidence of bona fides can there b than a grant under the great seal?
There is a great variety of claims, consisting of different grades or classes, complicating the
titles to lands in Kentucky, and depending mnt merely on legal doubts, but on questions of evidence of great difficulty.'G What is thi opposing claim, which is of such validity as, prima faie, to conVert the occupant into a mala fidei possessor? The local tribunals have laid down the only sai practical rule, which is, that the positive decision of a Court of record shail alone be sufficient. All grants are by record, and the patent can only be repealed by matter of record. There must be a scire facids to repeal the patent; and in the ease of escheat, a regular inquisitinn is indispensable. Until the grant of the Commonwealth is annulled, a person claiming and holding
under it, cannot be considered as a malev f&i
possessor. The validity of the laws in question, has been confirmed by iimumerable decisions; and they have been always strictly confined in their operation to cases of conflicting titles under grants and have never been extended to protect a make ftdei possession.6
2. The general principle of eqUity is settled by a series of decisions, both in England and in this country. A leading case Pn this subject, is that of the Duke of Bolton v. Deane.* There the

182. V.
Bidd_.

a 1 B0b's Rep. Preface. b I Mareh. Kentucky Rep. 443. 2 Mhh. 214. Pep. 298. 4 Bibb's Rep. 461. 1 Marh. 246, 247. c Finch&'s Prec. in Ch. 516. VOL. VIII.

3 BiM's

18 3.
Green
IV.
Bidd"e.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
doctrine was established, that if the lessor suffers the lessee to hold over, equity will not compel the tenant to account for mesne profits, unless the lessor was hindered from entering by 'fraud, or
some extraordinary accident. The same principle is laid down, as to mesne profits, in several other adjudged cases.a And wherever there has ,been any default or laches on the part of the true ,owner in asserting his title, the account is restrained to the filing of the bill. So, where a man suffers another to build on his ground, without setting up a right till afterwards, a Court of equity will compel the owiler to permit the builder to enjoy it quietly. The same principle has been recognised by our own Courts, and is also to be found among the maxims of the Roman law.
3. As to the compact of 1789, between Virginia and Kentd ky, it is a treaty for good faith; a mere recognition of the principles of natural law and morality. A change of sovereignty does not usually make any change in proprietary interests in the soil; and the compact is merely declaratory of that principle of public law. The Louisiana treat* contains stipulations for the protection of the property of the inhabitants, but it has never been construed to limit the sovereign rights of the United States over the domain of that province.

a 3 Eq. Cas. .4Ar 588. tit. Mesne Profits. 1 Ak. 526.
b Dormer v. Fortescue, 3 P. Wins. 136. c East Ind. Company v. Vimcent, 2 4tk. 83.
d Southall v. M'Kean, 1 WYash. 336. 2 Domat's Cir. Law, 432. Strah l's Tramuation. Kaimea' Eq. 189. 1st Ed. 270.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Neither did the compact of 1789 intend to limit the sovereignty o~fGKreewnntucky. It is merely a stipulation for the conservation of titles in their integrity: for fair, and impartial legislation upon
.the rights of property which were originally derived from the laws of Virginia. It could not have meant.to prevent the modification of reme-dies in the Courts, and generally. what is called
the &z foi. According to the doctrine contended for on.the other side, the leislature of Kentucky could not even extend the time for entering surveys: than which nothiifg could be more absurd and extravagant.
-Butthe true principles by which the compact is to be-interpreted have already been settled by this Court. In Bodley v. Taylor, it laid down, that if the same measure of justice be meted to the citizens of each State; if laWs be neither mqde nor expounded, for the purpose of depriving those who are meant to be protected by the compact of their rights; no violation of the compact can be said to exist." This case also determines the principle, that the decisions of the local Courts are to be followed: and the inconveniences which would flow from shaking'the system of land titles established by the uniform series of their adjudications, is insisted on as a reason for adhering to the rules of property thus established. " So, also, this Court has solemnly sanctioned the act of Ken-: tucky, giving further time for -urveys; as well as

1823.
v.
Biddle.

a 5 Cranch's Reyp. 23..

b 1b. 234.

182$.
'concerning
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the statute of limitations of that State: and the act champerty and maintenance.,
The system of legislation now in question, does but follow the maxims laid down by Montesquieu,
that the laws should encourage industry; that the more climate, and other circumstances, tend to discourage the cultivation of the earth, the more should the legislator excite agriculture; and that those laws which tend to monopolize the lands, and take from individuals the proprietary spirit, augment the effect of those unfavourable circumstances. Here. thQugh it is acknowledged that the titles are to be decided according to the laws of Virginia, existing at the epoch of the compact, a new proprietary interest has grown bp since, not foreseen nor provided for. The possessor in good
raith has covered the face of the country with his
own property, the fruits of his toil and industry, which it is not just that the owner of the unimproved land should take from him, without an indemnity.
Again : how can this Court interfere, after the settled decisions of the local Courts has confirmed the validity of these laws, and thus disturb the rules of property which have been firmly established;- and that too in a case where the parties on both sides, really, interested in the controversy, are citizens of the same State ? The subject is not within the jurisdiction of the Court, either as to the character of the parties really interested, or

a 2 Wheat. Rep. 324. 1 w.'wat. Rep. 292. b EspritdesLoix,b. 14. c. 6. 8,9.11.

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

as to the subject matter of the controversy. The jurisdiction originally given by the cpnstitution has been defined and limited by the judiciary act, and is not co-extensive with what might have been granted by Congress under the constitution. The States may, with the consent of Congress, make compacts or agreements with each other; but they cannot make a treaty, even with the consent of Congress. The judicial power then does not extend to such compacts, considering them as treaties, nor does that clause of the constitution, which prohibits the States from making any law impairing the obligation of contracts, apply to lie present case. That prohibition can only bb fairly construed to extend to contracts between private indiViduals, or at most between a State and individuals. An agreement or compact, between two different States, in their sovereign capacities, and respecting their sovereign rights, can never, by the utmost latitude of construction, be brought within the grasp of a prohibition, which was evidently intended merely for the protection of private rights, growing out of private*contracts. or out of a grant from the State, vesting a proprietary interest in the grantee. The only remaining question -then is, whether this Court can declare a State law void, as being repugnant to the constitution of the State, contrary to the uniform decisions of the State Courts,. who are the righttil exclusive expounders of their own local law? It is

1823. v. idle.

-a United States v. Bevans, 3 What. Rep. 336. 367. 390. United States v. Wiltberger, 5 W'teat. Rep. 93.

1823.
"the Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
conceived that this point is irrevocably settled by decisions of this Court.a But even supposing
this to be a mistaken inference, it is quite clear, from the uniform language and conduct of the
Court, that it will not declare an act, whether of the State or national legislature, to be void, as being repugnant to the fundamental law, unless in a very- clear case. Besides, there is the 'less necessity for the interference of the Court in the present case, as the, compact itself provides a tribunal for the adjustment of any disputes which may arise under it; and that stipulation, if-it does not entirely exclude the jurisdiction of any other tribunal in all cases arising under it, will at least furnish a motive for great 'caution on the part of the national judiciary in a case where, if citizens of Kentucky alone are interested, they ought to be bound .by the decisions of their own Courts; and if the rights of citizens of Virginia are involved, it depends upon the pleasure of that State to create the triblinal by which they are to be determined.

Mr. Clay, on the same side, stated, that the great question in the cause was, what is that'paramount rule, with which these laws are to be compared, and, if found repugnant, to be declared void by this Court. If the jurisdiction now to be exercised arises under that clause of the national constitution, prohibiting the individual States from making any law impairing the obligation of contracts, then the Court may draw to its cognizance

a Calder v. Bill. S Dall.Rep. 386.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the subject matter in controversy. But if otherwise, then it can only acquire jurisdiction by the character of the parties litigant, as. being citizens of different States, and so entitled to the protection of the federal forum.
The first inquiry then would be, whether there was any subsisting compact between the States of Virginia and Kentucky, upon which the jurisdiction of *theCourt could fasten?
If there be a compact, it must be betweenparties capable of making it; upon a sukiicton which they might constitutionally stipulate; and- made in a form warranted by the constitution.
Waving the question as to the iparties,he would contend,
1st. That the supposed cpmpact had not been constitutionally made; and,
dly, That if the compact is to be"interpreted as restraining the State of Kentucky froin passing the laws in question, the restraint itself would be unconstitutional and void.
1. Both by the original articles of confederation, and the eisting national constitution, the States are prohibited from treatipg or contracting with each other, without the consent of Congress. The terms of the prohibition in the constitution, are very strong: " No State shall, without the consent of Congress, enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or. a foreign power." It extends to all agreements or compacts, no matter what is the subject of them. It is immaterial, therefore, whether that subject be harmless or dangerous to the Union. There is here no

1823.
Grein
V. ]Bidde,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18.93.
V.
Bidl.

room for interpretation. "Any agreement or Scompact" are the words, and all contracts between
the States, without the consent of Congress, are interdicted. To make, therefore, the supposed
compact binding, it must have been entered into with that consent. It is not now insisted, (though perhaps it might -be,) that this consent must precede the compact. All that will be asked is, (what cannot be denied,) that it must either precede or follow the compact,
In the present case, there is no pretence for alleging a subsequent etpress assent. Was there then a prior one? The act of Virginia did not even profess to ask the consent of Congress to the compact- All that it demanded, was, that Congress should consent to the admission of the proposed State into the Union, &.c. and. Congress has not even responded to all that was asked. What it has assented to, can only be ascertaihed by resorting to the language it has thought fit to use. The act of February 4, 1791. (by which alone the will of Congress on this subject is signified,) merely declares the consent of that body to the erecting of the District of Kentucky into a separate and independent State, and its reception into the Union upon a certain day. Beyond what was asked of it, Congress has not gone: as to the rest of the matters connected with these, it was altogether passive. There was then no compact. It was a mere negotiation: ubr the people of Kentucky did not meet in convention until 1792, when it is supposed that their assent to the compact was given.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

But it may be said, that though Congress did

not expressly consent, yet it acquiesced in the

compact, which is equivalent. This is what is denied. The consent of Congress being required,

it must be evidenced by some positive act. Con-

gress is a collective body, or, rather, it consists of

three bodies, each of which participates in the

exercise of the legislative power of the nation.

The forms and ceremonies of passing laws must

be observed. The doctrine of acquiescence can-

not apply to the exercise of such a sovereign

power. Did the House of Representatives; did

the Senate; did the President, acquiesce? How

do you ascertain it? Their sikence cannot be in-

terpreted into acquiescence. It was not necessary

for them to interpose, in order to prevent that,

which, without their consent, would be a mere

nullity. If they had actually interposed by an

express prohibition, in the most solemn form, it

could not make the compact more void than it

was before. Being a nullity, from an inherent

defect in its original formation, it could not be

made more so, by any extraneous act. Never

having existed, its existence could not be de-

stroyed by any conceivable power whatever. In-

deed, to set up the doctrine, that Congress can

tacitly acquiesce in agreements, unconstitutionally

made between the States, would be of most dan-

gerous and fatal consequences. It would sanction

whatever agreements the several States might

choose to make with each other, and introduce

chaos into the confederacy, by engagements be-

tween its different members, inconsistent with

VoL. Viii.

6

1823.
Greew
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
.v.
Biddle.

each other, and conflicting with the duties they all owe to the Union. All the analogies of the constitution are against such a doctrine. Various prohibitions of the 'exercise of different powers by the States, without the consent of Congress, are contained in the constitution. Thus, they are prohi.bited, without that consent, from laying imposts or duties on imports or exports, except such as are necessary for executing the inspection laws; or any tonnage duty; and from keeping troops or ships in time of peace; and from engaging in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay. These prohibitiois are all connected in the same clause with the prohibition against their making contracts with each other. Yet, surely, it cannot be pretended, that in all these cases the consent of Congress. can be inferred from its silence. It is true, that the consent of Congress to such acts, has not always been asked by the States. But it was their duty to have asked it;. and the acts are mere nullities unless the consent be obtained.
2. If the supposed compact is to be interpreted to restrain the State of Kentucky from. passing the laws in question,-'*uch restraint would be -unconstitutional.
It is.incontestabl6 that there are some attributes of sovereignty, of which a State cannot be deprived, even with the concurrence of Congress and the State itself. ,The true theory of our government is, ..that of perfect 'equality among the bembers of tl~e Union:' Whatever sovereign powers one.-has, each and.all have. A State may

OF TREZ UNITED STATES.
refuse to allow another *Stateto be carved-out of its territory; but if it consents to.the formation of a new State, such new State becomes invested with all the sovereign attributes of every old one. Congress may refuse to admit a new State; but if it admits it, the State stands in the Union, freed an&'liberated from every condition which would degrade it below its - coinpeers. Whatever one State can do, all caw do. The pressure of. the whole on all the parts, is equal, and all the parts are equal to.each other. This implied-prohibition extends to every coripact, in every form, by which a State attbmpts to deprive itself of itg sovereigh faculties.. The sovereignty of a State cannotexist without a territorial domain upon which it is to act: and there can be-no other restrictionsupon its action-within its own territory, but what is to- be found in its own constitution, or in. the national constitution. Of all the attributes of sovereignty, none is -more indisputable than that of its action upon its: own territoty.. If that -territory happens to be in a waste and. wilderness statej it may pais laws to reclaim it; to encourage its population; to promote cultivation; to increase production. That any-of the old States can pass such laws, is incontestable; and if they may rightfully do it, then Kentucky 'ay d6 the same.
If then there be no 'compact constitutionally made, -and could have been none,- with the power of restricting the State legislature from passing the laws in question, there is no fundamedtal rule, with the violation of which they stand chrgeable.

41 1823.
V. Biddl

1823.
"Gvreen
V. idde.

CASES ]N THE SUPREME COURT
But it may be said, that this rule is incorporated into the State constitution.
To this it is answered, that the incorporation of the supposed compact into the State constitution,
did not make it a compact, if otherwise it wanted the requisite sanctions under the Federal constitution. If it were inserted upon the mistaken supposition of its being a binding contract, does the insertion produce any effect? Is it not to be considered as the insertion of that which, being before void, remains null, notwithstanding the insertion? That it is not made a compact by the insertion, is clear: for the prohibition upon the States, to contract or agree, without the consent of Congress, is a prohibition to contract or agree in any form, constitutional or otherwise.
But, although it has not the properties of a compact, it may possibly be contended that it is nevertheless a part of the constitution of Kentucky, and, therefore, binding upon the legislature of the State. The convention of Kentucky proceeded upon the notion that it was a compact. If in that they were mistaken, ought it to be treated in a character which was never intended? Can it be treated in that character? There are reciprocal provisions in it. Supposing it to be no compact, those stipulations on the part of Virginia, which formed the consideration of stipulations on the part of Kentucky, would not be binding on Virginia. It would, therebre, be most unjust to hold Kentucky bound for grants, the equivalents for-which she cannot enforce. If one party is not bound, the other ought to be deemed free: and

OF THE UNITED STA'ITES.
the incorporation of the compact into the constitution of Kentucky, ought to be considered as proceeding upon the erroneous supposition. It was the compact, emphatically, that was made a part of the constitution. If there were no compact, nothing was inserted: or it was the will of one purty, expressed in the most solemn form, to which there was wanting the will of the other, or the federal sanction, to make it a compact. If, notwithstanding the freedom of Virginia from any obligations, Kentucky is to be regarded as bound by her separate constitutional act, then the question is, what did she intend by that act? Who is to expound it? Are we to look for the meaning of the constitution of a State within the State itself, or are we to look abroad for foreign interpreters? It need not be denied, that in case of an appeal to the Federal tribunals, by citizens of other States, against the acts of local legislation, upon the ground of repugnance to the State constitutions, they may pronounce on that repugnancy. But it must be a clear case of. repugnancy to justify them in annulling the State law. And after all the departments of a State government had united in giving an exposition to its constitution, which had been uniformlv acted on for a series of years, and become a rule of property, this Court would solemnly pause before it overturned such a construction. This Court, in Bodley v. Taylor, determined, that it would follow the decisions of one department only (the judiciary) in respect to

1823.
Grewn
V.
Biddle.

a 5 Criy rPn Rep. 22

CAS1VS EN THE SUPREME COURT

'----'
&e.
V.
-Biddle.

the land laws of Virginia, although it intimated strong doubts of their correctness. the ground on which this determination justly pioceeds, is a regard to the peace of society, a respect for. the
rights of property,. and the preventioh of those disorders which would flow from opposite and conflicting rules.
The convention, by inserting the declaration in the constitution, that the compact was to be considered as a part of it, could not have intended to prevent the passage of the laws for the benefit of the occupying claimants, because the first of those laws preceded the formation of the last constitution. The State Court of.last resort has affirmdd the consistency of the law with the. compact; and, consequently, its consistency with the constitution." Thus, we have the deliberate adoption of that system by the legislative authority, almost cotemporaneously, with the date of the compact; the formation of the present onstitution, without disapproving of that system ; and an adherence'to it by the legislative authority, for a long serks of years, during which it has reviewed it, expressly adhered to its principle, and given it a more expansive effect.
3. If the compact is to be treated as one made with all necessary solemnities, the jurisdiction of .i.q r-urt cannot attach until the party charged
with -a violation of it has refused td constitute the
.ribunal of the compact. The eighth article of the compact provides for

a 4 Bibb'8 Rep. 52.

OF THE UNITED STArES.
a special tribunal. That provision is as much a 1823. part of the compact as any other. It is admitted, \-i ' that rights, which existed prior to and independent V. of the compact, cannot be affected by the deci- Tdd sions of that tribunal. But whatever rights spring out of the compact, originate with it, and are liable to be affected by it. They rest, coupled witl all the conditions which the enactment that gave them birth has imposed upon them. If the party complained of for violating the compact had refused to co-operate in the constitution of the tribunal of the compact, then the jurisdiction of this Court might attach under that branch *of the distribution of judicial power which gives it cognizance of controversies between the States; (if Congress had made provision for giving effect to that part of the constitution;) or perhaps the Court might, in such case, exercise jurisdiction -as between the individuals interested. If there be cause of complaint, it is by Virginia against Ken-, tucky. But Virginii has never (until recently) complained: "she has acquiesced : and Kentuchy, so far from refusing to create the tribunal of the compact, has offered to refer to it this very matter.
It will probably be contended, that this provi-
sion is like the ordinary stipulation in iolicips of insurance, and other contracts. for referring to arbitration, which has never been held to exclude' the jurisdiction of the ordinary Courts of the land. But the grouxid on which the Courts of' Westminster have assumed jurisdiction in such cases is

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. that of their transcendent authority.a If it were Greel ~ res integra,there would certainly be great reason
v. to contend, that, in these cases, the forum domesRiddle. ticum stipulated for by the parties ought to have
exclusive jurisdiction. But, be this as it may, there is this plain distinction, that the Courts of Westminster Hall have a general jurisdiction over the realm, whilst this Court is one of limited jurisdiction, having special cognizance of a few classes of cases only. So far as that jurisdiction results from the will of the States, who are parties to the compact, it must be taken with the restrictions which that will imposes. The parties, in effect, say,--" We make such a contract; if we differ about its interpretation, or execution, we will constitute a special tribunal to decide that, difference." Congress might indeed give you jurisdiction over the compact, by providing a mode in which your constitutional jurisdiction over controversies between the States shall be exercised. But all jurisdiction over sovereign States, (however derived,) is limited by the very nature of things. Suppose this were a foreign treaty, and provided for a reference to the arbitration of a foreign sovereign, would you take jurisdiction in that case ?
Supposing, however, that the Court should feel itself compelled to take cognizance of the present cause, as being a private controversy between citizens of different States, it will exercise its power with the most deliberate caution. This Court is invested with the most important trust that was
a 2 Mrarsh. Ins. 67'9.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ever possessed by any tribunal for the benefit of 1823. mankind. The political problem is to be solved Oreen iA America, whether written constitutions of go- V. vernment can exist. They certainly cannot exist Biddle.
without a depositary somewhere of the power to pronounce upon the conformity of the acts of the delegated authority to the fundamental law. This Court is that depositary, and I know not of any better. But the success of this experiment, so interesting to all that is dear to the interests of human nature, depends upon the prudence with 'which this high trust is executed.
4. The compact, supposing it to be valid and binding, does not prohibit the passage of these laws.
The mode by which private individuals could acquire a part of the public domain in Virginia, as prescribed.by the act of 1748, was by a survey, accompanied with certain specified improvements.a If not settled within three years, the grant was forfeited, without any formal proceeding to repeal the patent. In 1779 commenced the calamitous system under which Kentucky now suffers. In order to raise a revenue, and provide for the defence of the frontier, the previous survey was dispensed with; and hence the conflicting claims, which now cover the whole surface of the country. At the period of the separation of the two States, the titles acquired under the law of 1779 were incomplete, and in every stage of progression, from the entry

a LeigA's Rev. Jrg. Laws, 333.

VoL. VIL

7

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. to the. patent. Virginia was about to part with Green Sthe sovereignty; that is, with the power of con-
V. summating the titles and fulfilling her engage-
Biddle. ments. If she made no provision; if she obtained
no guarantee, for the complete execution of her engagements; if she exposed those, who had acquired the right to, or interests in, land from her, to the uncontrolled action of the new sovereignty, she might jusily be reproached with infidelity to her engagenients. Faithful to these, the stipulation in.question was inserted. The object, and the ,only object of it, was to notify the new State that it must not abuse its power to -the detriment of persons claiming under Virginia, and to proclaim to those. persons her parental attention to their interests. It was to announce to them, and to.the new State, that their titles were to remain vlid and secure under the new sovereign. It was
a devolution upon the new sovereign of all the duties towards' them of the old sovereign, and nothing mores It was to bind the new State as far as Virginii. was bound, but ioleave it as free as she woiild'have been had there been no separation. Virginia c6uld .have had no imaginable motiveto prevent the new State from exercising all the 'actustomed rights of sovereignty. On the 'contrary, .she,displayed a solicitude for the admission of the new State into the Union, making it a condition of its independence. In conformity with this view is the .language.of the third article: It provides, " that all private rights and interests of lands, ivithin the said district, derived- from the laws of Virginia, prior to 'suh sepaatia n,.

OF THE U-NITED STATES.
shall remain valid and secure under the laws of the proposed State, and shall. be determined by the laws now existing in this State." If the re4son for using the terms " rights and interests," be attended to, it 'ill be. seen, that it is a guarantee for the security of the title, and nothing but the title. It is no restriction up'on the new sovereignty as to *any public 'policy which it might think.fit to adopt. All the parts of -the compact are to be taken 'together, and ohie' article may serve to expound' another, where there is ambiguity. What is meant by the third, may be ascertained by the fourth condition, That is a clear recognition of the right of the new State to enforce cultivation .or improvement, by forfeiture or.other penalty. It expressly recognises the right to exercise that power -forthwith as to citizens; and, as to .non-residents, merely leaves a reasonable time (six years) .to enable them to settle and improve. It admits the right of the State to effect the object by forfeiture or other penalty. If the
parties to the compact had intended, by a provision. for the security of the title, to exclJe the legislative authority from acting at all upo. the subject, would they'hive left that subject exposed -to the most formidable actibn of the s-overuign. poWer, ty'forfeiture or o'her penalty ?
The Courts of Kentucky, the people of Kentucky; the legislature of Kentucky, have all proceeded upon the principle of.the perfect validity of the titles derived from. the laws of Virginia. Every body is interesteal in the pieservation of lose titles. The legislative system of Kentucky

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle,

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN TIlE SUPREME COLRT
does not begin to act until the system of Virginia has had its complete effect. After the decision
upon the title, and after it has been pronounced valid; after the terms of the compact are comp etely fulfilledi the laws of Kentucky commence their operation. When they do operate, it is not upon the title, but upon the subject. It is not on account of any defect in the title, that they operate at all. They spring from those considerations of policy which sovereign State has a right to weigh and give effect to. The title is admitted; but from other causes dehors the title, the owner of it is not compelled to pay for the title, nor for the land, which he had a right to only in its native State: but he is compelled (on grounds of public policy) to pay for something which is not inlierent in the title, which does not naturally belong to the land. If this be not according to the true interpretation of the compact, then the erection of Kentucky into an independent State was a solemn mockery. It was a grant of the sovereignty, without a capacity to exercise it; and a transfer of the sovereign power of Virginia to the new State, with a prohibition to the exercise of any sovereign power. If the compact restrains her from legislating on the subject to this extent, it goes a great deal further, and exempts the subject entirely from her legislative jurisdiction. She could not tax the lands of non-residents; nor subject the land to the payment of debts in any novel manner; nor make a new law of descents ; por establish a ferry; nor lay out a road; nor build a town. In short, she can exert no sovereign power

OF 'THE UNITED STATES.

whatever over the subject. For if those considerations of public policy, which led her to adopt the system of compensation to the bone fide ocbupant, cannot prevail, neither could similar considerations in any other case prevail to authorize her legislative interference. The Virginia code, of 1789, must immutably govern the territory.
But it may be said, that the words of the third article must mean something more than a mere security of the title, according to the laws under which it is derived; otherwise, the insertion of the article was utterly useless, since it would create no obligation other than what would exist without it. The answer to this is, that the necessity of such a stipulation grew out of the very extraordinary state of land titles in Kentucky. Even, however, if this reason had not existed, instances might be cited, without number, of similar precautions in international pacts and treaties. Such are, among others, the cession by Virginia of her western territory to Congress, which contains a confirmation to the settlers of Kaskaskias, Vimcennes, &c. of their possessions and titles; the Louisiana treaty; and the Florida treaty, all of which contain similar confirmations.
It may, however, be urged, that the rights and interests in land, as derived from the laws of Virginia, cannot be valid and secure, if these acts have their effect: that there would be a nominal compliance with the compact, but a real violation of it.
If the laws operated on the title; if they obstructed or defeated it, the argument would in-

1823.
SGreen
v.
Biddle.

1823.
\'bsame
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
deed. 'have weight. It would, however, at the lime, .be,equally applicable to a case of for-
feiture for non-settlement or non-cultivation; for in'that case, too, it might be said, that you admit
the title, but forfeit the land. So,-in all other cases where the State exercises its right of eminent domain, it might be said that the title was acknowledged, but the land taken away. The ground on which the laws repose, is not that o"any inherent taint or. defect in the title. It is one of policy, founded on the peculiar condition of the country; the multitude of dormant claims to the same land; the non-assertion of their titles by adverse claimants; and the necessity of encouraging improvement. The decisions of this Court conform to these principles of interpretation. In Wilson v. Mason," the Court says, " It must be considdrbd as providing for the preservation of titles, not for the tribunals which should decide on -thosetitles." The laws are of universal and impartial application. They apply as well between citizens of the State, as between them and .non-residents. Such an application of them was considered by the Court, in Taylor'v. Bodley,b as a conclusive test ,of their validity.
5.1 If the compact limited the action of the new sovereignty to the situation of the Virginia laws respecting real property, in all cases whatever, at the pieriod of the separation; still, it is insisted, that the jrincipleon which the occupying claimant laws are founded, had been iecognised by that

a 1 Cranch'sRep. 45. 91.

b 5 Cranh6 Rep.' 223.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

State, and was then in force, and that Kentucky had a right to constitute the tribunals which should execute it, and to direct its application. That the whole subject of remedy devolved on the new State, is too clear a proposition to be contested. It might refuse to 6siablish Courts of justice at all. It might adopt the civil law or the Napoleon code. It might abolish the Court ofChancery. In Wilson v. Masma this doctrine was substantially held. The principle of the acts in questiop, was first adopted by a law of the colony of Virginia, enacted in 1643.' It seems that this law never was repealed; and ty it, even the occupant, without colour-of tide, was exempted from the payment of rents on eviction. But on general principles of law and equity, iuch as they have been recognised in every system of jurisprudence which has prevailed among civilized nations, the -meliorations by a bon ftde possessor are to be paid for 'on eviction by the .true.owner; and such possessor is also exempt from responsibility for rents and pro-
fits.c The whole law of prescription proceeds by the same analogy. Soitthll v. MlKean," is an adjudication on that principle, posterior to the separation, in a case occurring prior to it. Lowther v. The Commonwealth,, proceeded on the same ground; and the case of a party claiming under the-State, is much stronger than if he claimed dnder a private individual. The -principle,then, being

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

a 1 Cranch'8Rep. 45.91.

b 1 Henn.Dig.LL. Virg. Pref.15.

c Kaime' Prin. Eq. 26-28. 189.

d 1 Waih. Rep. 336.

e 1 Henn. 4,Munf. Rep. 201.

1825.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in existence in the parent State, it was competent to the new State to modify it, and direct its applica-
tion. The cases are numerous where a principle originally applied by Courts of equity, is adopted
by the legislature, and being incorporated into a statute, is enforced by the Courts of law as a legal rule. Such are the cases of set-off, of penal bonds, and. the remedy of creditors against devisees.
6. At all events, the laWs are not wholly repugnant to the compact, in their application to every species of action or suit; and the Court will discriminate between the void and the valid provisions. The two laws provide, in substance,
(1.) That there shall be no allowance of rents and profits, prior to notice. (2.) A definition of what shall be considered as notice. By the act of 1797, it is the commencement of a suit, or the delivery of a certified copy of the record on which the party claims, and the bringing a suit within a year. By the act of 1812, it is the rendering a judgment or decree. (3.) That the occupant shall be paid for all valuable and lasting improvements, subject, by the act of 1797, to the restriction, that the value of such improvements after notice, shall not exceed the amount of the rents and profits after notice. (4.) That the occupant shall be chargeable with all waste or damage committed on the land. (5.) That he shall hold possession until the balance due to him is secured or paid. (6.) That a sworn Board of Commissioners shall liquidate.the account between the parties. (7.) The right of election given by the act of 1812.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Are all, and if not all, which of these principles

contrary to the compact ? Is the repugnancy in the principles adopted, or the mode of executing them? As to what is that notice which shall convert a bow fidei into a mala fidei possession, it

is so uncertain in itself, that it cannot be denied

that the legislature has a right to establish a rule

of positive institution on that subject. As to the remedy, it may certainly change the form of action,

and the proceedings in any action; or convert an equitable into a legal right, with its appropriate

legal remedy. Or it may forfeit the whole pro-

perty, for no'n-cultivation or non-improvement.

This Cburt is not a mere Court of justice apply-

ing ordinary laws. It is -a political tribunal, and

may look to political considerations and conse-

quences. If there be doubt, ought the settled po-

licy ofa State, and its rules of property, to be disturbed ? The protection of property should ex-

tend as well to one subject as to another: tW that which results from improvements, made under the

faith of titles emanating from the government,

as to a proprietary interest in the soil, derived

from the same source. It extends to literary

property, the fruit of mental labour. Here is

a confusion of the proprietary interest in the

land, with the accession to its value, from the

industry of man fairly bestowed upon it.- The

wisdom of the legislator is tasked to separate the

two, and do exact justice to the claimants of each.

The laws now in question aie founded upon that

great law of nature, which secure&the right resulting from occupation and bodily labour. The laws

Voy. VIM

8

1823.
V.
Biddk.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. of society are but modifications of that superior Slaw. If there be doubt respecting their validity,
GreenV. considerations of convenience and utility ought to Biddle. prevail, in a case where the settled order of a
great people would be disturbed. Conquerors themselves respect the religion, the laws, the property of the vanquished: and surely this Court will respect those rules of property which had their origin in early colonial times, which were adopted by the parent State, and have been so long acquiesced in and confirmed by inveterate habit and usage among the people where they prevail.
Mr. B. Hardin, for the demandant, in reply, stated, that the cause divided itself into the following questions:
1. What were the laws of Virginia respecting a compensation for ameliorations by a bona fidei possessor, (for no other could be entitled,) and his accountability for rents and profits, at the time the compact was made?
2. Whether the consent of Congress was given to the compact in the manner required by the constitution of the United States ?
3. What is the true exposition of the compact ? 4. The exposition of the legislative acts of Kentucky, of 1797 and 1812, and an examination of the question, how far they depart from the laws of Virginia on the same subject matter existing in 1789? 5. Whether this Court has jurisdiction over the cause, and power to declare the acts of Kentucky null and void, as being repugnant to the compact,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and the constitution. of the United States; and whether it will exercise that jurisdiction and power in the present case ?
1. The laws of Virginia, respecting this matter, in force at the time of the compact, could only consist ofsuch parts ofthe common law of England as had been adopted in that State; of the system of.equity, and the principles of the civil law, applicable to the question; or, of the then existing local statutes respecting it.
The rule of the common law, as to the action for mesne profits, is well ascertained to be, that the plaintiff is entitled to the mesne profits from the time of the demise laid in the declaration in ejectment, and that the tenant cannot set off his improvements made upon the land.a At law, then, the occupant was not entitled to compensation for his meliorations : and in equity, the universal rule is, that the rents and profits are to )eaccounted for; though, under some circum3tances, the bona fidei occupant will be allowed to deduct the value of his improvements, i. e. of the increased value of the land. But, both by the chancery rule, and that of the civil law, the bona ftdes of his possession ceases the moment he has notice of the adverse better title. In the case cited on the other side, of Southzall v. M"Kean,c the Court of Appeals of Virginia did not mean to impugn the rule uniformly applied by the English Court of Chancery. It went on the

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

a 1 Rtmnington's Eject. 437, 438.

6 1 Madd. Chlanc. 73,74.

c I Ma.Th. Rep. 336.

1823.
"dGo reen
V.
Riddle,.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ordinary ground, that he who will have equity must equity: and that if a party purchases land, with
notice of another's equitable title, but that other lies by, and neglects to assert his right for a long
time, during which, valuable improvements are made, the purchaser ought not, in equity, to lose these improvements. Still less does the case of Lowther v. The Commonwealtha impugn the rule. It decides nothing more than that where land is sold with warranty, and the vendee is evicted, he shall recover of the vendor, not the value of the land at the time of eviction, but the purchase moneys, with interest.
2. The consent of Congress was given to the compact between Virginia and Kentucky, in the xnanner required by the constitution of the United States. No particular form of words is necessary to signify this assent. Congress had the compact before them, and have agreed to the agreement for the formation of the new State, and its admission into the Union. The State Courts have repeatedly and constantly recognised the validity of the compact :' and if this Court were now to determine it to be void, Kentucky would be compelled to recede the whole country south of Green River, which was one of the equivalents she received for the stipulations on her part. The compact is also recognised as valid and binding by the sovereign authority of the people of Kentucky,

a 1 Henn. 8 Munf. Rep. 201. b 1 MarshalPsKentucky Rep. 199. Brown v. M'Murray) MS. decision of the Court of Appeals of Kentucky.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

being incorporated into the State constitution, and thus made a part of their fundamental law.
3. As to the interpretation of the compact, (supposing it valid,) if that on the other side be correct, the compact is merely declaratory of the public law as applicable to the case. It is a well established principle, that changes of sovereignty work no change in the rights of property in the soil; and this applies even to such rights acquired by governments de facto, established by violence, against legal right. The stipulations inserted in the treaties, and other public pacts, referred to on the other side, are merely in affirmation of this principle of universal law. Such is the stipulation in the third article of the Louisiana treaty, tht " the inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be 7maintained and protected in the free enjoymeat of their liberty, property, and the religion they profess." Such a general provision must be considered as merely declarato.ry of what the high contracting parties understood and admitted to be the law of nations, as to the effect of a change of sovereignty on proprietary interests of private individuals. But how much broader and stronger is the provision in the compact, that " all rights and interests of land derived from the laws of this State, (i. e. Virginia,) shall remain valid and secure, and shall be determined by the laws now existing in this State." It -must surely have been meant to protect, not merely the naked title, but the beneficial enjoyment of the interest in the land. The public law of the world, and the con-
stitution of the United States, would have been

182,,
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
"private Green
V.
Biddle.

sufficient to protect the mere naked title.- " ALL rights and interests," legal and equitable,
were to " remain valid and secure." The term valid is applicable to rights, and the term secure

to interests, and both to each. But the provision does not stop here. These "rights and interests" are to be "determined by the laws now existing in this State." Most certainly this was not intended to prevent Kentucky from making general regulations on the subject of real property, and the remedies applicable to it, so far as they make a part of the lex firi. But she stipulates, that she will not affect injuriously " private rights and interests," of land derived under the laws of Vircinia, i. e. the beneficial proprietary interest in land. The MS. case of Brown v. I ' '1rray, shows that this exposition has been given to the compact by the Court of Appeals of Kentucky. So, also, the Circuit Court in that District has. determined that the act of Assembly of Kentucky, of 1814 ,bwhich alters the statute of limitations of 1808, as to real actions,' by taking away the proviso in favour of non-residents, is void, as being repugnant to the compact, not merely as an alteration of the remedy, but as rendering invalid and insecure the rights and interests of land derived under the laws of Virginia.
As to the objections made on the other side to our interpretation of the compact, that it impugns

a Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch's Rep. 143.
JOHNSON.
b 5 LitteL LL. of Kentucky, 91. c 4 LitteL LL. qf Kentucky. 56.

Per Mr. Justice

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the right to the pursuit of happiness, which is inherent in every society of men, and is inompatible with these unalienable rights of sovereignty and of self-government, which every independent State must possess, the answer -is obvious: that no people has a right to pursue its own happiness to the injury of others, for whose protection solemn compacts, like the plesent, have been made. It is a trite maxim, that man gives up a part of his natural liberty when he enters into civil society, as the price of the blessings of that state : and it, may be said, with truth, this liberty is well exchanged for the advantages which flow from law and justice. The sovereignty of Kentucky will not be impaired by a faithful observance of this compact in its true spirit. It does not prevent her from making any general regulations of police and revenue, which any other State may make; but it does prevent her from confiscating the property of individuals under the pretext of a mere modification of the law as to improvements made by occupying claimants. There can be no doubt that sovereign States may make pacts with each other, limiting and restraining their rights of sovereignt as to proprietary interests in the soil.
Such conventions are not inconsistent with the eminent domain which the law *ofnations attributes to them. Here the sole object of the compact is perpetually to secure the vested rights of
private individuals from violation by legislative acts. It is in furtherance of the most sacred duty which society owes to its members. And even if it stipilated a special restraint upon the legisla-

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Green
V. Biddle.

tive power, in respect to the public revenue, it would not be the less obligatory. All the new
States, on their admission into the Union, uniformly bind themselves not to tax the lands of the

United States. Various other restraints upon their
sovereign powers have been voluntarily consented to by the States : such, for example,, as that contained in the act for the admission of Louisiana into the Union, which provides that all the legislative proceedings shall be conducted in the English language.
But this compact, so far from interfering with the revenue of Kentucky, plainly recognises her right to tax the lauds : and if it did not, it is clear 'that she might exercise the right, since she could not exist nor support her civil government without a revenue. The means involve the end; and therefore she may not only tax, but sell the lands to enforce payment. Nor is there any thing in the compact interfering with the legislative authority of the State, to regulate the course of descents, or the liability of real estates for the payment of debts. An alteration of the law of descents does not affect the right, title, or interest in land, as derived from the laws in force at the epoch of the compact: unless, indeed, the new law of descents be retrospective i .its operation. Nor is it denied, tiat the remedies in the Courts of law and equity, the lex fori, may be modified, as the wisdom of the legislature shall deem expedient. The forms of action, real. ad possessory, may be -changed; the remedy, whether legal or equitable, may be adapted to the purposes of jus-

OF THE UNITED STAT4E.

tice; .ne period of limitation, and the mode of

execution; all these may be modified and altered,

according to the fluctuating wants of society, provided they do not have an unjust retrospective

operation upon vested rights. All these changes

in the civil legislation of the State may be made,

and the titles to land, as acquired under the laws

of Virginia, will still remain unimpaired.

4. A fair exposition of the legislaive acts of

1797 and 1812, will show that they operate to in-

validate the rights and-interests of land, derived

under the laws of Virginia. And first, as to the law of 1812. It was in-

tended for the protection of any person "peace-

ably seating or improving any vacant land, sup-

posing it to be his own in law or equity." The

land, not being occupied by the true owner, it is

not necessary (under this law) that the party oc-

cupying it should bo~,z. fide and honestly believe

it to be his own property : but only that he should

believe it to be so from the circumstance of his

"having a conneeted title." The law supplies

him with his ground of belief, or rather it substi-

tutes a fact .n the place of his belief. The State

Courts, whose peculiar province it is to interpret

the local law, have expressly determined, that tho

words " supposing them to be his own," &c. are

satisfied if the party had that foundation for hie

supposition. NO matter how much rnala fides

there may be, if the possession was vacant, and he

can deduce a connected paper title. This inter-

pretation goes far beyond the ancient Chancery

rule, and therefore the statute goes beyond the

Vot, VIIL

9

1823.
Y. Biale.

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
principle of that rule. Beside.s, the rule of equity only pays the occupant for the increased value of the land : not for " improvements," (in the sense which local usage has given to that word, as indicating any fixtures annexed to the freehold,) but only for actual ameliorations in the value of the land. The statute, on the contrary, compensates him for accessions to the property, which are really deteriorations instead of ameliorations of its value to the real owner. The terms used- by the legislature--" the charge and value of seating and improving," shows evidently that it meant to transcend the rule of equity, which, according to Lord Kaimes, goes to make compensation for ameliorations only. The whole discussion in the legislature turned on these emphatic words, " charge and value ;" and various amendments were proposed to strike them out of the bill, and to proceed on the true chancery principle of taking a fair account between the parties, of rents and profits on the one side, and the actual amelioration of the property on the other.
5. The law in question is both a violation of the compact and the national and State constitutions; and the Court will declare it void.
It is void by its retrospective operation, in giving compensation for work and labour antecedent to the epoch of the compact of 1789, and even back to the first settlement of the country; and that, too, whether this work and labour bestowed upon the land actually deteriorated or ameliorated its value.
It may be admitted, that it is not an ex post facto law in the sense of the constitutional prohibition,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
as that is only applied to penal matters. But, upon general principles, all retrospective laws, whether civil or criminal, are unjust, and contrary to the fundamental maxims of universal jurispru-
dence. The nature of the social state, and of civil government itself, prescribe some limits to the legislative power, independent of the express provisions of a written constitution.a What is a retrospective law, has been well defined by one of the learned judges of this Court, and it is a definition which admits of an accurate and practical application. " Upon principle, every statute, which takes away or impairs vested rights acquired under existing laws, or creates a new obligation, imposes a new duty, or attaches a new disability, in respect to transactions already past, must be deemed retrospective."'b There is something in the very nature of all just legislation, which prevents its being retrospective. It necessarily deals with future, and not with past transactions.o
The statute now in question is retrospective in releasing rights of action already vested. By the pre-existing local law, the successful claimant was entitled to recover the mesne profits even in a real action. But this act deprives him of this right, as to rents and profits previously acquired, and even antecedent to the compact itself; and repeals the saving clause in the former act as to infants, &c. It is, in effect, a law releasing A. from the right of action which B. has against him.
a Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranch's Rep. 135. 6 Per Mr. Justice STwaY. Society, &c. v. Wheeler, 2 GaMk. R4p. 139. c 4 Wksc. ft. 578. Note a.

1823.
Green
Biddle.

1823.
\the Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
But even considered as a prospective enactment law operates unjustly and oppressively, be-
cause the lawful owner is compelled to pay, not merely for the actual ameliorations in the land,
not its increased value only; but the expense incurred by the occupant in making pretended improvements, whether they are merely useful, or fanciful, and matter of taste and ornament only, dictated by his whim and caprice. He is not even liable forwaste, unless committed after suit brought; and may destroy the timber, constituting, perhaps, the sole value of the land, without being called to any account.
If the law be partly constitutional, and partly not, the whole must fall; and there can be no doubt, that the character of the parties, as being citizens of different States, gives the Court cognizance of the cause, and jurisdiction to pronounce the law a nullity. If you have jurisdiction, you must decide according to law. But you cannot so decide, without looking to see whether the acts of the State legislature are repugnant to the State constitution. This repugnancy has been frequently made the ground of decision in the Federal Courts, where the character of the parties gave them jurisdiction of the cause.a
But the acts are clearly void, as being repugnant to the constitution of the United States. They are laws impairing the obligation of contracts, within the spirit of all the decisions of this Court, according to which, it is immaterial whether the

a Society, &c. v. Wheeler. 2 Gallis. Rep. 105.

OF THE UNITED S'TATES.
sovereign States of the Union are parties to the contract, or whether- it is made between private individuals.5 The special tribunal provided by the compact, cannot oust the transcendent jurisdiction of this Court. Even according to the maxims of private jurisprudence, an agreement to submit to arbitration cannot be pleaded in bar, without an award actually made; and this must apply in a ease wnere the agreement, though made by the high contracting parties, was intended exclusively for the .benefit of private individuals, and for the protection of private rights.

1823.
Green'
V.
Biddle.

Mr. Justice WASHINGTON delivered the opinion of the Court. In the examination of the' fiist question stated by the Court below, we are naturally led to the following inquiries: 1. Are the rights and interests of lands lying in Kentucky, derived from the laws of Virginia prior to the separation of Kentucky from that State, as valid and secure under the above acts as they were urder the laws of Virginia on the 18th of December, 1789? If they were not, then,
2dly. Is the Circuit Court, in which this cause is depending, authorized to declare those acts, so far as they are repugnant to the laws of Virginia, existing at the above period, unconstitutional ?
The material provisions of the act of 1797, are
as follow:

Rb. 2L
18.

a Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Cranc'eRep. 87. Ne -Jersey v. Wflsnu, 7 Crandi'sRep. 164. Terretv. Taylor9 Cranc''sRep.4& Dartmoth College v. Woodward, 4 W eat.Rep. 518.

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1st. That the occupant of land, from which he is evicted by better title, is, in all cases, excused
from the payment of rents and profits, accrued prior to actual notice of the adverse title, provided his possession in its inception was peaceable, and he shows a plain and connected title, in law or equity, deduced from some record.
2d. That the claimant is liable to a judgment against him for all valuable and lasting improvements made on the land prior to actual notice of the adverse title, after deducting from the amount the damages which the land has sustained by waste or deterioration of the soil by cultivation.
3d. As to improvements made, and rents and profits accrued, after notice of the adverse title, the amount of the one was to be deducted from that of the other, and the balance was to be add4d to, or subtracted from the estimated value of the improvements made before such notice, as the nature of the case should require. But it was provided by a subsequent clause, that '- no case should the successful claimant be obliged to pay for improvements made after notice, more than what should be equal to the rents and profits.
4th. If the improvements exceed the value of
the land in its unimproved state, the claimant was allowed the privilege of conveying the land to the occupant, and receiving in return the assessed value of it without the improvements, and thus to protect himself against a judgment and execution for the value of the improvements. If he should decline doing this, he might recover possession of

OF THE UNITED STATES.
his land, but then he must-pay the estimated value of the improvements, and lose also the rents and profits accrued before notice of the claim. But to entitle him to claim the value of the land, as above mentioned, he must give bond and security to warrant the title.
The act of 1812 contains the following provisions :-1. That the peaceable occupant of land, who supposes it to belong to him, in virtue of some legal or equitable title, founded on a record, is to be paid by the successful claimant for his improvements. 2. But the claimant may avoid the payment of the value of such improvements, if he please, by relinquishing his land to the occupant, and be paid its estimated value in its unimproved state; thus-
If he elect to pay for the value of the improvements, he is to give bond and security to pay the same, with interest, at different instalments. If he fail to do this; or if the value of the improvements exceed three fourths the value of the unimproved land, an election is given to the occupant to have a judgment entered against the claimant for the assessed value of the improvements, or to take the land, giving bond and security to pay the assessed value of the land, if unimproved, with interest. and by instalments.
But if the claimant is not willing to pay for the improvements, and they should exceed three fourths the value of the unimproved land, the occupant is obliged to give bond and security to pay the assessed value of the land, with interest, which, if he fail to do, judgment is to be entered against

1823. V.
Biddle.

7 2

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182 . him for such value; the claimant releasing his right Green Sto the land, and giving bond and security to war-
v. rant the title. Biddle. If the value of the improvements does not ex-

ceed three fourths that of the land, then the
occupant is not bound (as he is in the former case) to give bond and security to pay the value of the land, but he may claim a judgment for the value of his improvements, or take the land;. giving bond and security, as before mentioned, to pay the estimated value of the land.
3. The exemption of the occupant from the payment of the rents and profits, extends to all such as accrued during his occupancy, before judgment rendered against him in the first instance. But such as accrue after such judgment, for a term not exceeding five years, as also waste and damages committed by ihe occupant after suit brought, are to be dedicted from the value of the improvements; or the Court may render judgment for them against the occupant.
4. The amount of such rents and profits, damages and waste; also the value of the improvements, and of the land, clear of the improvements, are to be ascertained by Commissioners, to be appointed by the Court, and who act on oath.
These laws differ from each other only ib degree; in principle they are the same. They agree in depriving the rightful owner of the land of the rents and profits received by the occupant up to a certain period, the first act fixing it to the time of actual notice of the adverse claim, and the latter

OF THE UNITED STATE,

act to the time of the judgment rendered against
the occupant. They also agree in compelling the
successful claimant to pay, to a certain extent, the assessed value of the improvements made on the

land by the occupant. They differ in the following particulars:

1. By the former act, the improvements to be paid for must be valuable and lasting. By the latter, they need not be either.

2. By the former, the successful claimant wa entitled to a deduction from the value of the improvements for all damages sustained by the land, by waste or deterioration of the soil by cultivation, during.tke occupancy of the defendant. By the latter, he is entitled to such a deduction only for

the damages and waste committed after suit brought.
3. By the -former, the claimant was bound to pay for such improvements only as were made before notice of the. adverse title; if those made afterwards should exceed the rents and profits which afterwards accrued, then he was not liable beyond the rents and profits for the value of such improvements. By the latter, he is liable for the value.of all. improvements made up to the time of tMte jdgment, deducting only the rents and profits accrued, and the damage and waste committed

after suit brought. 4. By the former, the claimant might, if he
pleased, protect himself against a judgment for the valuie of the improvements, by surrendering the land to his adversary, and giving bond and security to warrant the title. But he was not

YO VM.

10

1825.
Gref
,. Biddre

GAAES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. bound to do so, nor was his giving bond and secu-
Srity to pay the value of the improvements, a pre-
Green
V. requisite to his obtaining possession of his land, Biddle. nor was the judgment against him made a lien on

the land.

By the latter act, the claimant is bound to give

such bond, at the peril of losing his land ; for if he

fail to give it, the occupant is at liberty to keep

the land, upon giving bond and security to pay the

estimated value of it unimproved; and even this

he may avoid, where the value of the improve-

ments exceeds three fourths that of the land, un-

less the claimant will convey to the occupant

his right to the land; for upon this condition

alone is judgment to be rendered against the occu-

pant for the assessed value of the land.

The only remaining provision of these acts,

which is at all important, and is not comprised in

the above view of them, is the mode pointed out

for estimating the value of the land in its unim-

proved state, of the improvements, and of the

rents and profits; and this is the same, or nearly

so, in both: so that it may be safely affirmed, that

every part of the act of 1797 is within the pur-

view of the act of 1812; and, consequently, the

former act was repealed by the repealing clause

contained in the latter.

Common law In pursuing the first head of inquiry, therefore,

as to account-gvsrie

h

ability of va/ to which this case gives rise, the Court will con-

.cpd bomofine its observations to the act of 1812, and com-

.fidd possessor,

for ts. pare its provisions with the law of Virginia, as it

existed on the 18th of December, 1789. The common law of England was, at that pe-

OF TIHE UNITED STATES.
riod, as it still is, the law of that State; and we are informed by the highest authority, that a right to land, by that law, includes the right to enter on it, when the possession is withheld from thd right owner; to recover the possession by suit; to retain the possession, and to receive the issues and profits arising from it. (Altlham's case, 8 Co. 299.) In Lifords case, ( II Co. 46.) it is laid down, that the regress of the disseisee revests the property in him in the fruits or profits of the land, as well those that were produced by the industry of the occupant, as those which were the natural productiof of the land, not only against the disseisor himself, but against his feoffee, lessee, or disseisor; "for," says the book, "the act of my disseisor may alter my action, but cannot take away my action, property, or right; so that after the regressf, the disseisee may seize these fruits, though removed from the land, and the only remedy of the disseisor, in such case, is to recoup their value against the claim of damages." The doctrine laid down in this case, tlhat the disseisee can maintain trespass only against the disseisor for the rents and profits, is, with great reason, overruled in the case of Holcomb v. Rawlyns, (Cro. Eliz. 540.) (See also Bull. N. P. 87.)
Nothing, in short, can be more clear, upon principles of law and reason, than that a law which denies to the owner of land a remedy to recoverthe possession of it, when withheld by any person, however innocently he may have obtained it; or to recover the profits received from it by the occuPant; or which clogs his recovery of such posses-

1823.
Green
r.
biddle.

1823.
\tenGdirnegen
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPRE1TE COURT
sion and profits, by conditions and restrictions to diminish the value and amount of the
thing recovered, impairs his right to, and interest in, the property. If there be no remedy to recover the possession, the law necessarily presumes a want of right to it. If the remedy afforded be qualified and restrained by conditions of any kind, the right of the owner may indeed subsist, and be acknowledged, but it is impaired, and rendered insecure, according to the nature and extent of such restrictions.
A right to land essentially implies a right to the profits accruing from it, since, without the latter, the former can be of no value. 'Thus, a devise of the profits of land, or even a grant of them, will pass a right to the land itself. (Shep. Touch. 93. Co. Litt. 4 b.) " For what," says Lord Coke, in this page, " is the land, but-the profits thereof."
Thus stood the common law in Virginia at the period before mentioned ; and it is not pretended that there was any statute of that State less favourable to the rights of those who derived title under her than the common law. On the contrary, the act respecting writs of right declares, in express terms, that " if the demandant recover his seisin, he may recover damages to be assessed by the recognitors of assiize,for the tenant's withholding possession of the tenement demanded ;" which damages could be nothing-else but the rents and profits of the land. (2 vol. Last Revisal, p. 463.) This provision of the act was-rendered necessary on account of the intended repeal of all the British statutes, and the denial of damages by the corn-

OF THE UNITED STATES,

mon law in all real actions, except in assize, which 182.

was considered as a mixed action. (Co. Litt.257.) But in trespass quare clazsum fregit, idamages were always given at common law. (10 Co. 116.)

Green
V.
Diddle.

And that the successful claimant of land in Virginia, who recovers in ejectment, was at all times
entitled to recover rents and profits in an ac-

tion of trespass, was not, and could not, be questioned -by the counsel for the tenant in this case.
If,then, such was the common and statute law oftRyuoasoftoEqaucl-Virginia, in 1789, it only remains to inquire, whe- c-uimbLy

ther any principle of equity was recognised by the prof. Courts of that State, which exempted the occupant of land from the payment of rents and profits
to the real owner, who has successfully established

his right to the land, either in a Court of law or of Equity ? No decision of the Courts of that State was cited, or is recollected, which in the remotest

degree sanctions such a principle.

The case of Southwl V. M'Kean, which was

much relied upon by the counsel for the tenant, relates altogether to the subject of improvements,

and decides no more than this: that if the equitabt6#vner of land, whb is conusant of his right
to it, will stand by, and see another occupy and impro*e the property, without asserting his right to it, he *shall not, in equity, enrich himself by the loss of another, which it was in his power to

have prevented, but must-be satisfied to recover the .value of the land, independent of the im-

provements.- The acquiescence of the owner in the adverse possessioh of a person who he found engaged in making valuable improvements on the

1823.
. Green
V. Biddl.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
property, was little short of a fraud, and justified the occupant in the conclusion, that the equitable
claim which the owner asserted, had been abandoned. How different is the principle of this
case from that which governs the same subject by the act under consideration. By this, the principle is applicable to all cases, whether at law or in equity-whether the claimant knew or did not know of his rights, and of the improvements which were making on the land, and even after he had asserted his right by suit.
The rule of the English Court of Chancery, as laid down in 1 Madd. Chanc. 72. is fully supported by the authorities to which he refers. It is, that equity allows an account of rents and profits in all cases, from the time of the title accrued, provided that do not exceed six years, unless under special circumstances; as where the defendant had no notice of the plaintiff's title, nor had the deeds and writings in his custody, in which the plaintiff's title appeared; or where there has been laches in the plaintiff in not asserting his title ; or where the plaintiff's title appeared by deeds in a stranger's custody; in all which cases, and others similar to them in principle, the account is confined to the time of filing the bill. The language of Lord Hardwicke, in Dormerv. Fortescue,(3 Atk. 128.) which was the case of an infant plaintiff, is remarkably strong. "Nothing," he observes, "can be clearer, both in law and equity, and from natural justice, than that the plaintiff is entitled to the rents and profits from the time when his title accrued." His lordship afterwards adds, that

OF THE UNITED STATES.

"where the title of the plaintiff is purely equita- 1823.

ble, that Court allows the account of rents and profits from the time the title accrued, unless under special circumstances, such as have been re-

Green
v.
Biddle.

ferred to" Nor is it understood by the Court, that the prin- C1R01ul lleawo.f the

ciples of the act under consideration can be vin-

dicated by the doctrines of the civil law, admit-

ting, which we do not, that those doctrines were

recognised by the laws of Virginia, or by the deci-

sions of her Courts.

The exemption of the occupant, by that law.

from an account for profits, is strictly confined to

the case of a barn fidei possessor, who not only

supposes himself to be the true proprietor of the

land, but who is ignorant that his title is contested

by some other person claiming a better right to it.

Most unquestionably, this character cannot be

maintained, for a moment, after the occupant has

notice of an adverse claim, especially, if that be

followed up by a suit to recover the possession.

After this, he becomes a male fidei possessor, and

holds at his peril, and is liable to restore all the

mesne profits, together with the land. (Just. Lib.

2. tit. 1. s. 35.)

There is another material difference between

the civil law and the provisions of this act, alto-

gether favourable to the right of the successfiul

claimant. By the former, the occupant is entitled

only to those fruits or profits of the land which

were produced by his own industry, and not even

to those, unless they were consumed ; if they were

realized, and contributed to enrich the occupant.

CAES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. he is accountable for them to the real owner, as Green She is for all the natural fruits of the land. (See
v. Just. the sect. before quoted. Lord Kaimes, B. Biddu. 2. c. 1. p. 411. et seq.) Puffendorf, indeed, (B. 4.
c. 7. s. 3.) lays it down in broad and general terms, that fruits of industry, as well as those of nature, belong to him who is master of the thing from which they flow.
By the act in question, the occupant is not accountable for profits, from whatever source they may have been drawn, or however they may have been employed, which were received by him prior to the judgment of eviction.
But even these doctrines of the civil law, so much more favourable to the rights of the true owner of the land than the act under consideration, are not recognised by the common law of England. Whoever takes and holds the possession of land to which another has a better title, whether by disseisin, or under a grant from the disseisor, is liable to the true owner for the profits which he has received, of whatever nature they may be, and whether consumed by him or not; and the owner may even seize them, although removed from the land, as has already been shown by Liford's case.
We are not aware of any common law case which recognises the distinction between a boniz jide possessor, and one who holds mala fide, in relation to-the subject of rents and profits; and we understand Liford's case, as fully proving, that the right of the true owner to the mesne profits, is equally valid against both. How far this distinc-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tion is noticed in a Court of equity has already

been shown.

Upon the -whole, then, we take it to be perfectly clear, that, according to the common law, the sta-

tute law of Virginia, the principles of equity, and

even those of the civil law, the successfiul claimant of land is entitled to an account of the mesne

profits received by the occupant from some period

prior to the judgment of eviction, or decree. In

a real .action, as this is, no restriction whatever is

imposed by the law of Virginia upon the recog-

nitors, in assessing the damages for the demand-

ant, except that they should be commensurate

with the withholding of the possession.

If this act of Kentucky renders the rights of

claimants to lands, under Virginia, less valid and

secure than they-were under the laws of Virginia,

by depriving -themof the fruits of theii land, du-

ring its occupation by another, its provisions, in

regard to the value of the improvements put upon

the land by the occupant, can, with still less rea-

son, be indicated. It is not alleged by any per-

son, that such a claim was ever sanctioned by any law of Virginia, or by her Courts of justice. The

case of Southall v. M'Kean, has already been

noticed and commented upon. It is laid down,

we admit, in Coulter's case, (5 Co. 30.) that the

disseisor, upon a recovery against him, may recoup the damages to the value of all that he has

expended in amending the houses. (See, also,

Bro. tit. Damages, pl. 82., who cites 24 Edw.

III. 50.) If any common law decision has ever

gone beyond the principle here laid down, we

VOL. VIII.

I

1823.
ZrV.. Bide.

CASES -IN THf SUPREME COURT

1823.
V.
Biddle.

have not been fortunate enough to meet with it. SThe doctrine of Coulter's case is not dissimilar in principle from that which Lord Kaimes considers to be the law of nature. His words are, "it is a maxim suggested by nature, that reparations and meliorations bestowed upon a house, or on land, ought to be defrayed out of the rents. By this maxim we sustain no claim against the proprietor for meliorations, if the expense exceed not the rents levied by the bonte fidei possessor." He cites Papinian,L. 48., de rei vindicatione.
Taking it for granted, that the rule, as laid down in Coulter's case, would be recognised as good law by the Courts of Virginia, let us see in what respects it differs from the act of Kentucky. That rule is, that meliorations of the property, (which, necessarily, mean valuable and lasting improvements,) made at the expense of the occu-'
pant of the land, shall be set off against the legal claim of the proprietor for profits which have accrued to the occupant during his possession. But, by the act, the occupant is entitled to the value of the improvements, to whatever extent they may exceed that of the profits ; not on the ground of set-off hgainst the profits, but as a substantive demand. For the account for improvements is carried down to the day of the judgment, although
the occupant was for a great part of the time a male fidei possessor, against whom no more can be off-set, but the rents and profits accrued after suit brought. Thus, it may happen, that the occupant, who may have enriched himself to any amount, by the natural, as well as the industrial

OF THE UNITED STATES.
products of land, to which he had no legal title, (as by the sale of timber, coal, ore, or the like,) is accountable for no part of those profits but such as accrued after suit brought; and, on the other hand, may demand full remuneratiQn for all the improvements made upon the land, although they were placed there by means of those very profits, in violation of that maxim of equity, and of natural law, ?zemo debet locupletarialienajactura.
If the principle which this law asserts, has a precedent to warrant it, we can truly say, that we have not met with it. But we feel the fullest coifidence in saying, that it is not to be found in the laws of Virginia, or in the decisions of her Courts.
But the act goes further than merely giving to the occupant a substantive claim against the owner of the land for the value of the improvements, beyond that of the profits received since the suit brought. It creates a binding lien on the land for the value of the improvements, and transfers the right of the successful claimant in the land to the occupant, who appears, judicially, to have no title to it, unless the former will give security to pay such value within a stipulated period. In other words, the claimant is permitted to purchase his own land, by paying to the occupant whatever sum the Commissioners may estimate the improvements at, whether valuable and lasting, or worthless and unserviceable to the owner, although they were made with the money justly and legally belonging to the owner;. and upon these terms only, can he recover possession of his land.
If the law of Virginia has been correctly stated,

1823.
v.
idle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
\of Green
v.
Biddle.

need it be asked, whether the right and interest such a claimant is as valid and secure under this
act, as it was under the laws of Virginia, by which, and by which alone, they were to be deter-
mined ? We think this can hardly be asserted. If the article of the compact, applicable to this case, meant any thing, the claimant of land under Virginia had a right to appear in a Kentucky Court,
as he might have done in a Virginia Court if the separation had not taken place, and to demand a trial of his right by the same principles of law which .would have governed his case in the latter State. What those principles are, have already been shown.
If the act in question does not render the right of the true owner less valid and secure than it was under the laws of Virginia, then an act declaring, that no occupant should be evicted but upon the terms of his being paid the value, or double the value of the land, by the successful claimant, would not be chargeable with that consequence, since it cannot be denied, but that the principle of both laws would be the same.
The objection to a law, on the ground of its impairing the obligation of a contract, can never depend upon the extent of the change which the law effects in it. Any deviation from its terms, by postponing, or accelerating, the period of performance which it prescribes, imposing conditions not -expressed in the contract, or dispensing with the perfgrmance of those which are, however minute, or apparently immaterial, in their. effect upon the contract of the parties, impairs its obligation.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Upon this principle it is, that if a creditor agree 1823. with his debtor to postpone the day of payment, Oreem or in any other way to change the terms of the v. contract, without the consent of the surety, the Biddle. latter is discharged, although the change was for his -advantage.
2. The only remaining question is, whether this act of 1812 is repugnant to the constitution of the United States, and can be declared void by this Court, or by the Circuit Court from which this case comes by adjournment ?
But, previous to the investigation of this question, it will be proper to relieve the case from some preliminary objections to the validity and construction of the compact itself.
1st. It was contended by the counsel for the tenant, that the compact was invalid in toto, because it was not made in conformity with the provisions of the constitution of the United States; and, ifnot invalid to that extent, still, 2dly. The clause of it applicable to the point in controversy, was so, inasmuch as it surrenders, according to the construction given to it by the opposite counsel, rights of sovereignty which are unalienable.
1. The first objection is founded upon the alle- The compact gation, that the compact was made without the con- f1da,s h13lva seni ofCongress, contraryto the tenth section of the .1toao first article, which declares, that " no State shall, of Coor.rewithout the consent of Congress, enter into any agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power." Let it be observed, in the first place, thlrt the constitution makes no provision respecting the mode or form in which the consent

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of Congress is to be signified, very properly leaving that matter to the wisdom of that body, to be decided upon according to the ordinary rules of law, and of right reason. The only question in
cases which involve that point is, has Congress, by some positive act, in relation to such agreement, signified the consent of that body to its validity? Now, how stands the present case? The compact was entered into between Virginia and the people of Kentucky, upon the express condition, that the general government should, prior to a certain day, assent to the erection of the District of Kentucky into an independent State, and agree, that the proposed State should immediately, after a certain day, or at some convenient time future -thereto, be admitted into the federal Union. On the 28th of July, 1790, the convention of that District assembled, under the provisions of the law of Virginia, and declared its assent to the terms and conditions prescribed by the proposed compact ; and that the same was accepted as a solemn compact, and that the said District should become a separate State on the 1st of June, 1792. These resolutions, accompanied by a memorial from the convention, being communicated by the President of the United States to Congress, a report was made by a committee, to whom the subject was referred, setting forth the agreement of Virginia, that Kentucky should be erected into a State, upon certain terms and conditions, and the acceptance by Kentucky upon the terms and conditions so prescribed; and, on the 4th of February, 1791, Congress passed an act, which, after referring to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the compact, and the acceptance of it by Kentucky, declares the consent of that body to the erecting of the said District into a separate and independent State, upon a certain day, and receiving her into the Union.
Now, it is perfectly clear, that, although Congress might have refused their consent to the proposed separation, yet they.had no authority to declare Kentucky a separate and independent State, without the assent of Virginia, or upon terms variant from those which Virginia had prescribed. But Congress, after recognising the conditions upon which alone Virginia agreed to the separation, expressed, by a solemn act, the consent of that body to the separation. The terms and conditions, then, on which alone the separation could take place, or the act of Congress become a valid one, were necessarily assented to ; not by a mere tacit acquiescence, but by an express declaration of the legislative mind, resulting from the manifest construction of the act itself. To deny this, is to deny the validity of the act of Congress, without which, Kentucky could not have become an independent State; and then it would follow, that she is at this moment a part of the State of Virginia, and all her laws are acts of usurpation. The counsel who urged this argument, would not, we are persuaded, consent to this conclusion; and yet it would-seem to be inevitable, if the premises insisted upon be true.
2. The next objection, which is to the validity of the particular clause of the compact involvedin this controversy, rests upon a principle, the cor-

1823.
Green
V.
Bidcle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

rectness of which remains to be proved. It is

Spractically

opposed by the theory of all limited

governments, and especially of those which constitute this Union. The powers of legislation

Tnohteinvcaolimdpuapc-t granted to the government of the United States, on the grond as well as to the several State governments, by of its surren- their respective constitutions, are all limited. The
dering sore-
reignrhts article of the constitution of the United States,

involved in this very case, is one, amongst many others, of the restrictions alluded to. If it be answered, that these limitations werp imposed by the people in their sovereign character, it may be asked, was not the acceptance of the compact the act of the people of Kentucky in their sovereign character? If, then, the principle contended for be a sound one, we can only say, that it is one of a most alarming nature, but which, it is believed, cannot be seriously entertained by any American stateswan or -jurist.
Various objections were made to the literal con-
struction of the compact, one only of which we deem it necessary particularly to notice. That was, that if it be so construed as to deny to the legislature of Kentucky the right to pass. the act in question, it will follow, that that State cannot pass laws to affect lands, the title to which was derived under Virginia, although the same should be -wantedfor public use. If such a consequence grows necessarily out of this provision of the compact, still we can perceive no reason why the assent to it by the people of Kentucky should not be binding on the legislature of that State. Nor can we perceive, why the admission of the con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

elusion involved in the argument should invalidate an express article of the compact in relation to a

quite different subject. The agreement, that the rights of claimants under Virginia should remain as valid and secure as they were under the laws of that State, contains a plain, intelligible proposiion, about the meaning of which, it ia impossible there can be two opinions. Can the government of Kentucky fly from this agreement, acceded to by the people in their sovereign capacity, because it involves a principle which might be inconvenient, or even pericibus to the State, in some other-respect? !The Court cannot perceive how this proposition could be maintained.
But the fact is, that the consequence drawn by counsel from a literal construction of this article of the compaot, cannot-be fairly deduced from the premises, because, by the common law of Virginia, if not by the universal law of all free governments, private property may be taken for public use, upon making to the individual a just compensation. The admission of this principle never has been inagined by any person as rendering his right to property less valid and secure than it would be were it excluded; and, consequently, it would be an unnatural and forced construction -ofthis article of the compact, to say, that it included such a
case.
We pass over the other observations of counsel upon the construction of this article, with the following remark: that where the words of a law, treaty, or contract, have a plain and obvious meaning, all construction, in hostility with such mean-

VoP. YIM.

12

1823.
GreM
V. Bhd.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. 1, Gree%n.
Y.
Biadle.

ing, is excluded. This is a maxim of law, and a dictate of common sense; for were a different rule
to be admitted, no man, however cautious and intelligent, could safely estimate the extent of his

engagements, or rest upon his own understanding

of a law, until a judicial construction of those in-

struments had been obtained.

We now come to the consideration of the ques-

tion, whether this Court has authority to declare

the act in question unconstitutional and void, upon

the ground, that it impairs the obligation of the

compact ? This is denied for the following rea-

sons: It is insisted, in the fir'st place, that this

Court has no such authority, where the objection

to the validity of the law is founded upon its op-

position to the constitution of Kentucky, as it was,

in part, in this case. It will be a sufficient answer

to this observation, that our opinion is founded ex-

clusively upon the constitution of the United

States.

Ttiohne' joufrisdthi-is 2dly. It was objected, that Virginia and Ken-

Court, in the tucky, having fixed upon a tribunal to determine

present case,

not excluded the meaning of the compact, the jurisdiction of

by the tribu-

nalof the com- this Court is excluded. If this be so, it must be

pact.

admitted, that all controversies which involve a

construction of the compact, are equally excluded from the jurisdiction of the State Courts of Virginia and Kentucky. How, then, are those contro, ersies, which we were informed by the counsel on both sides crowded the Federal and State Courts of Kentucky, to be settled? The answer, we presume, would be, by Commissioners, to be appointed by those States. But none such havo

OF THE UNITED STATES.

been appointed; what then? Suppose either of those States, Virginia for example, should refuse to appoint Commissioners? Are the occupants of lands, to whichi they have no title, to retain their possessions until this tribunal is appointed, and to enrich themselves, in the mean time, by the profits of them, not only to the injury of non-residents, but of the citizens of Kentucky? The supposition of such a state of things is too monstrous to be for a moment entertained. The best -feelings of our nature revolt against a construction which leads to it.
But how happens it that the questions submitted to this Court have been entertained, and, decided, by-the Courts of Kentucky, for twenty-five years, as we were informed by the counsel? Have these Courts, cautious and leained as they must be acknowledged to be, committed the crime of usurping a jurisdiction which did not belong to them? We should feel very unwilling to come to such a conclusion.
The answer, in a few words, to the whole of the argument, is to be found in the explicit language of that provision of the compact, which respects the tribunal of the Commissioners. It is to be appointed in no case but where a complaint, or dispute shall arise, not between individuals,but between the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of Kentucky, in their high sovereig, characters.
Having thus endeavoured to clear the question of these preliminary objections, we have only to add, by way of conclusion, that the duty, not less

182&b
Green
V. BiddO

92

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
, Green
V.
Biddle.

tnan the power of this Court, as well as of every other Court in the Union, to declare a law unconstitutional, which impairs the obligation of contracts, whoever may be the parties to them, is too

betwAee.cnomptwacot ct learly enjoined by the constitution itself, and too

States is a firmly established by the decisions of this and
contract with-
in the consti- other Courts, to be now shaken.; and that those

tiprohi- decisions entirely cover the present case.

A slight effort to prove that a compact between

two States is not a case within the meaning of the

constitution, which speaks of contracts,was made

by the counsel for the tenant, but was not much

pressed. If we attend to the definition of .a con-

tract, which is the agreement of two or more par-

ties, to do, or not to do, certain acts, it must be

obvious, that the propositions offered, and agreed

to by Virginia, being accepted and ratified by

Kentucky, is a contract. In fact, the terms com-

pact and contract are synonymous: and in F/et-

cher v. Peck,the Chief Justice defines a contract

to be a compact between two or more parties.

The principles laid down in that case are, that

the constitution of the United States embraces all

contracts, executed or executory, whether between

individuals, or between a State and individuals;

and that a State has no more power to impair an

obligation into which she herself has entered, than

she can the contracts of individuals. Kentucky,

therefore, being a party to the compact which

guarantied to claimants of land lying in that

State, under titles derived from Virginia, their

rights, as they existed under the laws of Virginia,

was incompetent to violate that contract, by pass-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

93

ing any law which rendered those rights less valid and secure.
It was said, by the counsel for the tenant, that the validity of the above laws of Kentucky, have been ma*intained by an unvarying series of decisiofns of the Courts of that State, and by the opinions and declarations of the other branches of her government. Not having had an opportunity of examining the reported cases of the Kentucky Courts, we do not feel ourselves at liberty to admit or deny the first part of this assertion. We may be permitted, however, to observe, that the principles decided by the -Court of Appeals of that State, in the cases of Haye's Heirs v. M'ifurray, a manuscript report -of which was handed to the Court when this cause was argued, are in strict conformity with this opinion. As to the other branches of the government of that State, we need only observe, that whilst the legislature has maintained the opinion, most honestly we believe, that the acts of 1797, and 1812, were consistent with the compact, the objections of the Governor to the validity of the latter act, and the reasons assigned by him in their 9upport taken in connexion with the above case, incline us strongly to suspect, that a great diversity of opinion prevails in that State, up.n the question we have been examining. However this may be, we .hold ourselves answerable to God, our consciences, and our country, to decide this question according to the dictates of our best judgment, be the consequences of the decision what they may. If we have ventured to entertain a wish as to the result of the investigation which

1823.
Gree=
V. Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Green
v.
Biddle.

we have laboriou.ly given to the case, it was, that it might be favourable to the validity of the laws;
our feelings being always on that side of the question, unless the objections to them are fairly and
clearly made out. The above is the opinion of a majority of the
Court. The opinion given upon the first question pro-
posed by the Circuit Court, renders it unnecessary to notice the second question.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON. Whoever will candidly weigh the intrinsic difficulties which this case presents, must acknowledge, that the questions certified to this Court, are among those on which any two minds may differ, without incurring the imputation of wilful, or precipitate error.
We are fortunate, in this instance, in being placed. aloof from that unavoidable jealousy which awaits decisions founded on appeals from the exercise of State jurisdiction. This s.uit was originally instituted in the Circuit Court of the United States; and the duty now imposed upon us is, to decide, according to the best judgment we can. form, on the law of" Kentucky. We sit, and adjudicate, in the present instance, in the capacity of Judges of that State. I am bound to decide according to those principles which ought to govern the Courts of that State when adjudicating between its own citizens.
The first of the t~ro questions certified to this Court is, whether the laws, well known by the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
description of the occupying claimant laws of Kentucky, are constitutional ?
The laws known by that denomination are the acts passed the 27th of February, 1797, and the 31st of January, 1812. The general purport of the former is, to give to a defendant in ejectment, compensation for actual improvements innocently made upon the land of another. The practical effect of the latter, is to give him compensation for all the labour and expense bestowed upon -t, whether productive of improvement or not.
The two acts differ as to the time from which damages and rents are to be estimated, but concur,
1st. In enjoining on the Courts the substitution of Commissioners, for a jury, in assessing damages.
2dly. In converting the plaintiff's right to ajudgment, after having established his right to land, trom 4n absolute, into a conditional right; and,
dly. Under some circumstances, in requiring, that judgment should be given for the defendant, and that the plaintiff, in lieu of land, should recover an assessed sum of money, or, rather, bonds to pay that sum, i. e. another right of action, if any thing.
The second question certified is. on which of these two acts the Court shall give judgment, and seems to have arisen out of an argument insisted on at the trial, that as-the suit was instituted prior to the passage of the last act, it ought to be adjudicated under the- first act, notwithstandhg that the act of 1812 was in force when judgment was given.

1823.
Green
v. Fiddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

As the language of the first question is sufficiently general to embrace all questions that may arise, either under the State, or United States'
constitution, much of the argument before this
Court turned upon the inquiry, whether the rights of the parties were affected by that article of the United States' constitution which makes -provision against the violation of contracts-?
The general question I shall decline passing an opinion upon. I consider such an inquiry as a work of supererogation, until the benefit of that provision in the constitution.shall be claimed, in an appeal from. the decision of a Court of the State. There is, however, one view of this point, presented by one of the gentlemen who appeared. on behalf of the State, which cannot pass uqnoticed. It was contended, that the constitution of Kentucky, in recognising the compact with Virginia, recognises it only as a compact; and, therefore, that it acquires no more force under that constitution, than it had before; and that but for the constitution of Kentucky, questions arising under it were of mere diplomatic cognizance; and were not, by the constitution, transmuted into subjects of judicial cognizance.
I am constrained to entertain a different view of this subject; and, without passing an opinion -on the legal effect of the compact, in its separate exisence, upon individual rights, I must. adopt the opinion, that when the people of Kentucky declared, that "the compact with the State of Virginiap, subject to such alterations as may be made therein, agreeably to the mode prescribed by the

OF THE U1IITED STATES.

-said compact, shall be considered as part of this

constitution," they enacted it as a taw fbr tlem-

selves, in all those parts.in which it was previously obligatory on them as a contract; and made it

a findamental -law,one which could only be re-

pealed in the mode prescribed for altering that

constitution. Had it been enacted in the ordinary

form of legislation, notwithstanding the absurdity

insisted on of enacting laws obligat6ry on Virginia,

it is certain, that the maxim, utile per inut'le

won vitiatur,would-have been applied to it, and

it wonid.have been'enforced as a law of Kentucky

in every Court of justice setting in judgment upon

Kentucky rights. How much more so, when the

p plo thoight proper to give it the force and

solemnity of a fundamental law.

IUtherefore consider the article -of the compact

whhie has relation to'this question, as operating

on the rights and interests of the parties, with the

force of a fundamental law of the State; and,

ceitainly, it can, then, need no supp*ort from view-

ing it as a contract, unless it be, that the constitu-

tion may be -repealed by one of the parties, but

the contract cannot. While the constitution con-

tinues unrepealed, it is putting a fifth wheel to thd

cariage to invoke the contract into this cause. It

can only eventuate in crowding our dockets with

appeals from the State Courts.

I consider, therefore, the following extract from

the compact, as an enacted law of Kentucky:

"That all private rights and interests of lands

within (Kentucky,) derived from the laws of Vir-

ginia prior to (thkr) separation, shall remaia valid

V6L. .

13

1823. v.
MIMN

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUM'

1823. Gr-ee,n.
V.
Biddle.

and secure under the laws of the proposed State, and shall be determined by the laws (existing ib Virginia at the time of the separation.") The
alterations here made in the phraseology, are such
as necessarily result from the adaptation of it to a legislative form. The occupying claimant laws, therefore, must conform to this constitutional provision, or be void; for a legislature, constituted tinder that constitution, can exercise no powers
inconsistent with the instrument which created it. The will of the people has decreed otherwise, and the interests of the ildivjdual cannot be. affected by the exercise of powers which the people have forbidden their legislature to exercise.
To constitute the sovereign and independent State of Kentucky was, unquestionably, the leading object of the act of Virginia of the 18th of December, 1789. To exercise unlimited legislative power over the territory within her own limits,
is one ofthe essential attributes of that sovereignty; and every restraint in the exercise of this power, I consider as a restriction on the intended grant, and -subject to a rigorous construction. On general principles, private property would have reinained unaffected by the transfer of sovereignty , but thenceforth would have continued subject, both as to right and remedy, to the legislative power of the State newly created. The argument ')r the plaintiff is, that the provision now under consideration goes beyond the recognition or enforcement
of this principle, and restrains the State of Kentucky from any legislative act that can in any way impair. or encumber, or vary the bsneficiary inte-

t)F THE UNITED STA'1ES.
rests which the grantees of land acquired under the laws of Virginia. Or, in other words, that it creates a peculiar tenure- on the lands granted by Virginia, which exempts them from that extent of legislative action to which the residue of the State is unquestionably subjected. It must mean this, if it means any thing. For, supposing all the granteesof lands, under the laws of Virginia, in actual 'possession of their respective premises, unless the lands thus reduced into possession be still under the supposed protection of this compact, neither could they have been at any time previous. The words of the compact, if they -arry the immunity contended for beyond the period of separation, are equally operative to continue it ever after.
But where would this land us ? If the State ot Kentucky had, by law, enacted, that the dower of a widow-should extend to a life estate in one half of her-husband's land, would the widow of a Virginian, whose husband died the day after, have lost the benefit of this law, because the laws of Virginia had given the wife an inchoate right in but one third ? This would be cutting deep, indeed, into the sovereign powers of Kentucky, and -would be establishing the anomaly of a territory over which no goveriament could legislate; not Virginia, forshe had parted with the sovereignty; Dot Kentucky, for the laws of Virginia were irrevocably fastened upon-two thirds of her territory.
But, it is contended, that the clause of the compact under consideration, must have meant more

1823.
Green
V. Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I 823.
v. wIi.

than what is implied in every cession of, territory, or it was nugatory to have inserted it.
I confess, I cannot discover the foree of this argument. In the present case it admits of two an-
swers ; the one is found in the very peculiar nature of the land titles created by Virginia, and then floating over the State of Kentucky. Land they were not, and yet all the attributes of real estate were extended to them, and intended by the compact.to be preserved to them under the dominion of the new State. There was, then, something
more than the ordinary rights of individuals in the ceded territory to be perpetuated, and enough to justify the insertion of such a provision as a necessary measure. But, there is another answer to be found, in the ordinary practice of nations in their 'treaties, in which, from abundant caution, or, perhaps, diplomatic parade, many stipulations, are inserted for the preservation of rights which no oivilian would suppose could "be affected by a change of sovereignty. Witness the frequent stipulations for the restoration of wrecked goods, or goods piratically taken ; witness, also, the third article of the treaty cediing Louisiana, and the sixth article of that ceding Florida, both of which are intended to secure to the inhabitants of the
ceded territory, rights which, under our civil institutions, could not be withheld from them.
But,. let us now reverse the picture, and inquire whether this stipulation of the compact, or of the constitution, prescribed no limits to the legislative power of Kentucky over the ceded territory. Had she State of Kentucky, immediately after it was or-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ganized, passed a law, declaring, that wherever a plaintiff in ejectment,'or in a writ ofright, shallhave established his right in law to recover, the jury shall value the premises claimed, and, instead of judgment'for the land, and the writ of possession, the plaintiff shall have his judgment for the value so assessed, and the ordinary process of law to recover a sum of money on judgment; who is there who would not have felt that this was a mere mockery of the compact, a violation of the first principles of private right, and of faith in contracts? Yet-such a law is, in degree, not in principle, variant from the occupying claimant laws under consideration, and the same latitude of legislative power which will justify the one, would justify the other.
But, again, on the other hand, (and I acknowledge that I am groping my way through a labyxinth, trying to lay hold of sensible objects to guide me,) whQ can doubt, that where private property had been wanted for national purposes, the legislature of Kentucky might have compelled the individual to convey it for a value tendered, notwithstanding it was held under a grant from Virginia, and notwithstanding such a violation of private right had been even constitutionally tbrbidden by the State of Virginia ? Or who can doubt the power of Kentucky to regulate the course of descents, the forms of conveying, the power of .devising, the nature and extent of liens, within her territorial limits? For example: By the civil law, the workman who erects an edifice, acquires a lien on both the building and the land it stands upon,

1828.
Green
v.
Bidl.

1823.
'of Green
V.
1iddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
for payment of his bill. Why should not the State Kentucky have adopted this wise and just prin-
ciple into her jurisprudence ? Or why not have extended it to the case of the labourer who clears
a field ? Yet, in principle, the occupying claimant laws, at least that of 1797, was really intended to engraft this very provision into the Kentucky code, as to the innocent improver of another man's property. It was thought, and justly thought, that as the State of Virginia had pursued a course of legislation in settling the country, which had introduced such a state of confusion in the titles to landed property, as rendered it impossible for her to guaranty any specific tract to the individual, it was but fair and right that some security should be held out to him for the labour and expense bestowed in im'roving the country; and that where the successful claimant recovered his land, enhanced in value by the labours of another, it was but right that he should make compensation for the enhanced value. To secure this benefit to the occupying claimant, to give a lien upon the land for his indemnity, and avoid the necessity of a suit in equity, were) in fact, the sole objects of the act of 1797. The misfortune of this system appears to have been, that to curtail litigation, by providing the means of closing this account current of rights and liabilities in a Court of law, and in a single suit, so as to obviate the necessity of going into equity; or of an action for mesne profits on the one side, and an action for compensation on the other, appears to have absorbed the attention of the legislature. The consequence of

OF THE UNITED STATES,

-which is, that a course of proceeding, quite ineonsistent with the simplicity of the commoh law process, and a curious debit and credit of land, damages and mesne profits on the one hand, and of quantum meruit on the other, has been adopted, exhibiting an anomaly well calculated to alarm the precise notions of the common law.
But suppose, that instead of imposing this complex mode of coming at the end proposed, the legislature of Kentucky had passed a law simply declaring, that the innocent improver of lands, without notice, should have his action to recover indemnity for his-improvements, and a lien on the premises so improved, in preference to all other creditors: I can see no principle on which such a law could be declared unconstitutional ; nor any thing that is to prevent the party from enforcing it in any Court having competent jurisdiction.
But the inconsistency which strikes every one in considering the laws as they now stand is, that one party should have a verdict, and another, finally, the judgment. That, eodem flatu, the plaintiff should be declared entitled to recover land, and yet not entitled to recover land.
After thus mooting the difficulties of this case, I am led to the opinion, that if we depart from the restricted construction of the article under consideration, we are left to float on a sea of uncertainty as to the extent of the legislative power of Kentucky over the territory held under Virginia grants; that if, obliged to elect between the assumed exercise, and the utter extinction of the power of Kentucky over the subject, I would

1823. %G--r'een
V.. Bidd.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I823. adopt the lbrmer; that every question betweeir

\

.those

green

extremes, is oie of expediency or diploma-

v. cy, rather than of judicial cognizance, and not to

1idde be decided before this tribunal. If compelled to

decide on the constitutionality of these laws, strictly speaking, I would say, that they in no wise impugn the force of the laws of Virginia, under which the titles of landholders are derived, but -operateto enforce a right acquired subsequently, and capable of existing consistently with those acquired under the laws of Virginia. I cannot admit, that it was ever the intention of the framers of this constitution, or of the parties to this com-. pact,- or of the United States, in sanctioning that compact, that Kentucky should be for ever chained down to a state of hopeless imbecility-embarrassed with a thousand minute discriminations drawn from the common law, refinements on mesne profits, set-offs, &c., appropriate ve a state of society, and a state of property, having no analogy whatever to the actual state of things in Kentucky -and yet, no power on earth existing to repeal or to alter, or to effect those accommodations to the ever varying state of human things, which the necessities or improvements of society may require. If any thing more was intended than the preservation of that very peculiar and complex system
of land laws then operating over that country, under the laws of Virginia, it would not have extended beyond the maintenance of those great leading principles of the fundamental laws of that State, which, as far as they limited the legislative power of the State of Virginia over the rights of

OF THE UiNITED STATES.

individuals, became, also, blended with the law of the land, then about to pass under a new sovereignty. And if it be admitted, that the State of Kentucky might, in any one instance, have legislated as far as the State of Virginia might have legislated on the same subject, I acknowledge that I -cannot perceive where the line is to be drawn, so as to exclude the powers asserted-under, at least, the first of the laws now under consideration. But,-it appears to me, that this cause ought to be decided upon another view of the subject.
The practice of the Courts of the United States, that is, the remedy of parties therein, is subject to no other power than that of Congress. By the act of 1789, the practice of the respective State Courts was adopted into the Courts of the United States, with power to the respective Courts, and to the Supreme Court, to make all necessary alterations. Whatever changes: the practice of the respective' States. may have undergone since that time, thatof the United States Courts has continued uniform; except so far as the respective Courts have thought it advisable to adopt the chadgps introduced by the State legislatures.
The District of Kentucky was established while it was yet a part of Virginia. (JudiciaryAct, September 24, 1789.) The practice o the State
of Virginia, therefore, was made the ptactice of the United States Courts in Kentucky. Now, according to the practice of Virginia, the plaintiff, here, upon making out his title, ought to have had a verdict and judgment in the usual form. Nor can I recognise the right of the State of Ken-

VOL. VIII.

14

1823.
Green
V.
Didd.

1823.
\i~ Green
V.
Biddle.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tucky to compel him, or to compel the Courts of the United States, to pass through this subsequent process before a Board of Commissioners, and, afterwards, to purchase his judgment in the mode
prescribed by the State laws. I do not deny the right of the State to give the lien, and to give the action for improvements; but I do deny the right to lay the Courts of the United States under an obligation to withhold from a plaintiff the judgment to which, under the established practice of that Court, he had entitled himself.
It may be argued, that the Courts of the United States, in Kentucky, have long acquiesced in a compliance with these laws, and thereby have adopted this course of proceeding into their own practice. This, I admit, is correct reasoning; for the Court possessed the power of making rules of practice ; and such rules may be adopted by habit, as well as by framing a literal rule. But the facts, with regard to the Circuit Court here, could only sustain the argument as to the occupy, ing claimant law of 1797, since that of 1812 appears tb have been early resisted. Here, however, I am led to an inquiry which will equally affect the validity of both laIs, viewed as rules of practice; as affecting a fundamental right, incident to remedies in our Courts of law.
It is, obviously, a leading object of these laws, to substitute a trial by a Board of Commissioners, for the trial by jury, as to mesne profits, damages, and a quantum mteruit. Without examining how far the legislative power of Kentucky is adequate

OF THE UNITED STATES,
to this change in its own Courts, I am perfectly satisfied, that it annot be introduced by State authority into the Courts-of the UnitedStates. And I go farther: the Judges of these Courts have not power to make the change; for the constitution has too sedulously guarded the trial by jury; (seventh articleofAmendm.nts;) and the judiciary act of the United States both recognises the separation between common law and equity proceedings, and forbids that any Court should blend and confound them.
These considerations lead me to the conclusion, that he defendant is not entitled to judgment under either of the acts under consideration, even admitting them to be constitutional; but if, under either, certainly under that alone which has been adopted into the practice of the United States Courts in Kentucky.

107
1823.
Green
V.
Biddle.

CERTIFICATE. This cause came ori to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Circuit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, on certain questions upon which the" opinions of the Judges of the said Circuit CourE were opposed, and which were certified to this Court for their decision by the Judges of the said Circuit Court, and wag argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, it ig the opinion of this Court, that the act of the said State of Kentucky, of the 27th of February, 1797, concerning occupying claimants- of land, whilst it was in force, was repugnant to the constitution of the United

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. States, but that the same was repealed by the act v of the 31st of January, 1812, to amend the said
La Nereyda. act;' and that the act last mentioned is also repug-
mant to the constitution of the United States. Theopinion given on the first question submit-
ted to this Court by the said Circuit Court, renders it unnecessary to notice the second question.
All which is ordered to be certified to, the said Cirouit Court.
[Pasni. CoNcLusMzESSa o SEN'T34.]
LA NEREYDA. The Syanisl Consul, Libellant.
quare, Whether a regular sentence of condemnation in a Court of the captor, or his ally, the captured property having ben carried inraprwsidia, will preclude the Courts of this-country, from restoring it to the original owners, where the capture was made in violation of our laws, treaties, and neutral obligations
Whoever cfaims under such- a condemnation, must show, that heis a boM0 Wp purohaser for a valuable consideration, unaffected with any participation in ther violation of our],neutrality by the captors.
Wvoe-er sets up a title under any condemnation, as priz, Is bound tt produce the lilel, or othm equivalent proeed blg, under which the coudemnationwas pronounced, as, we4 as the sentence of conde6mnation itself.
Where an order for farther proof Is made, and the party disobeys, or neglects to comply.with its injunctions, Courts of, prize generally cousidex.sucz disabedience, or neglect, as fatal to his claim.
Upon such an order, it is almost the invariable practice for the claimant (besides other testimony) to make proof by his own oath of his proprietary -interest, and to explain the other circumrtsancos of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

495

pended while it lasts; and unless they are waived 1823. by the parties, or new and rep- ugnant stipulations '- Daly ' are made, they revive in their operation at the. re- V. turn of peace.
A majority of the Court is of opinion, that
judgment upon this special verdict ought to be given for the plaintiffs, which opinion is to be
certified to the Circuit Court.

Certificate for the plaintiffs.

[DEvis.]
DALY'S Lessee v. JAMES.
1. B. devises all his real estate to the testator's son, J. B., jun., and his heirs lawfully begotten; and, in case of his death wi/totd such issue, he orders A. Y., his executors and administrators, to sell the real estate within two zjears after tMe son's death; and he bequeaths the proceeds thereof to his brothers andsisters, by name, andtheir hers for ever, or such of them as shall 4e living at the death of the son, to be divided between them in equal proportions,share and share alike. All the brothers and sisters die, leaving Issue. Then A. Y. dies, and afterwards 3. B., jun., the son, dies without issue. Heirs is a word of limitation; and none of the testator's brothers and sisters being alive at the death of J. B., jun., the devise to them failed to take effecL
qtuere, Whether a sale by the executors, &. under such creamstances, is to be considered as valid in a Court of law ?
Rowever this may be, a sale, thus made, after the lapse of two years from the death of J. B., jun., is without authority, and conveys no title.
Qzure, Under what circumstances a Court of equity might relieve,
I

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
Daly v.
James.

in case the trustee should refuse to exercise the power within the
~ prescribed period, or should exercise the same after that period?
A power to A. Y., and his executors or administrators, to sell, may be executed by the executors of the executors of A. Y.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Pennsylvania. This was an action of ejectment, brought in the Court below, by the plaintiffs in error, to recover the possession of a messuage and lot in the city of Philadelphia. The special verdict in the case stated, that on the 8th of August, 1768, John Bleakley, of Philadelphia, being then in London, made and duly executed hiL last will, as follows: "In the name of God, amen. I, John Bleakley, of Philadelphia, esquire, now in London, and shortly bound to Philadelphia, being in perfect health, and of sound and disposing mind, memory, and understanding, and considering the certainty of death, and the uncertainty of the time thereof, do therefore make and declare this my last will and testament, in manner following, that is to say: First, and principally, I commend my soul to God, and my body to the earth or sea,'as he shall please to order; and as for and concerning my worldly estate, I give, devise, and bequeath the same in manner following, that is to say: First, I will and desire that all my just debts and funeral expenses, (if any,) be fully paid and satisfied, as soon as conveniently may be after my decease. Also, I give and bequeath to my brother, David Bleakley, living in the north of Ireland, the sum of ten pounds sterling. Also, I give and bequeath to my brother, William Bleakley, living near Dungannon, the sum of ten pounds sterling. Also, I

OF THE UNITED STATES.

give and bequeath to my sister, Margaret Hark-

ness, of Dungannon, the sum of one hundred

pounds sterling. Also, I give and bequeath to my sister, Sarah, Boyle, wife of the Rev. Mr.

Boyle, the sum of ten pounds sterling. Also, I

give and bequeath to my cousin, Archibald Young,

of Philadelphia, an annuity of thirty pounds,

Pennsylvania money, to be paid to him out of the

rents and profits of my real estate, on the 25th day of March, in every year, during the joint

lives of him, the said Archibald Young, and my

son, John Bleakley, or his heirs lawfully begot-

ten. But, in case of the decease of my said son,

without issue lawfully begotten as aforesaid, in

the lifetime of the said Archibald Young, then

the said annuity is to cease; and in lieu thereof,

I give and bequeath .unto the said Archibald

Y6ung, and his assighs, the sum of four hundred

pounds sterling, payable out of the proceeds of

my real estate, when the same is sold and disposed

of, according to the intention of this my will,

herein after mentioned, and before any dividend

is made of the proceeds of my said estate. And

this legady or bequest is made to my said cou-

sin,. Archibald Young,. not only for the natural

affection I have and bear to him as a relation, but

also as a full compensation for the services he has

already rendered me, and in lieu of his commis-

sions for the trouble he may hereafter have in the

execution of this my will. All the rest and residue

of my estate, real and personal, of what nature,

kind or quality the same may be or consist, and

herein before not particularly disposed of, I give,

VOL. VIII

63

497
1828. Day V. James.

1823.
v Daly
V.
James.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
devise, and bequeath to my son, John Bleakley, and his heirs lawfully begotten; and in case of the decease of my said son, without such issue, then I do direct and order my said cousin, Archibald
Young, his executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of my real estate, within two years after the decease of my said son, John Bleakley, to the best advantage. And I do hereby give and bequeath the proceeds thereof to my said brothers, David Bleakley and William Bleakley, and my said sisters, Margaret Harkness and Sarah Boyle, and their heirs for ever, or such of them as shall be living at the decease of my said son, to be divided between them in, equal proportions, share and share alike, after deducting-out of such proceeds the sum of 400 pounds sterling, herein before given and bequeathed to the said Archibald Young, immediately on the decease of my said son without issue in lieu of the annuity above mentioned. And in case my said son should die before he attains the age of twenty-one years, without issue lawfully begotten, as aforesaid, then my will and mind is, that the remainder of my personal estate, hereby intended for my said son at his own disposal, if he should live to attain the age of twenty- -ne years, shall go to, and be divided amongst my said brothers and sisters, with the proceeds of my real estate, as is herein before directed to be divided. And I do hereby nominate and appoint the said Archibald Young, and my said son, John Bleakley, executors of this my will, hereby revoking, and making void, all former wills, codicils. and bequests, by me, at any time or times

OF THE IJN1TED STATES.
heretofore made, and do ordain this will to be as and for my last Will and testament. In witness where~f," &c.
The testator died in the month of January, 1769. His brothbrs and sisftrs all died, leaving children, (who are still alive,) at or about the following periods, viz. Sarah Boyle' between the years 1760 and 1770; William in the year 1775; David in the year 1790, and Margaret Harkness in the year 1794. The children were of full age, or nearly so, when the above will was made, and were personally known to the testator. Archibald Young died in May, 1782, having duly made and executed his last will and testament, whereby he appointed Robert Correy his executor, who, on the 24th of April, 1797, made his last will and testament, and thereof appointed Eleabor Curry, and James Boyd,-the executors, and died in June, 1802.
John Bleakley, the son, died on the 3d of. September, 1802, without issue, and of full age, having previously executed his last will and testament, whereof he appointed J. P. Norris his executor, and thereby directed his real and personal estate to be sold, and the proceeds, after paying certain legacies, to be divided among certain of his relations. On the 25th of May, 1803, the said Norris, for a valuable consideration, sold and conveyed the premises in dispute to W. Folwell, who, on the 21st of April, 1810, conveyed the same for a valuable consideration to the defendant. On the ist of February, 1805, Eleanor Curry, and James Boyd, the executbrs of R. Correy, (who -was the

499
1823.
Daly
V. Jame.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. executor of A. Young,) by deed, bargained and Ssold the premises in question to James Smith,
Daly
v. which deed was afterwards cancelled; and subJames. sequently, on the 7th of March, 1820, they sold
and conveyed the said premises to the lessor of the plaintiff, who, at the time of his purchase, had notice of the death of the hothers and sisters of John Bleakley, in the lifetime of his son.
Upon this special verdict, judgment having bern rendered, pro forma, for .the defendant, in the Court &elow, the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court.

Feb. 25Th.

Mr. JWkeaton, for the plaintiff, stated, that the
will of J. Bleakley, senior, was, in effect, a devise of an estate tail to the testator's son, with a remainder over to his executor, A. Young, &c. in trust to sell, in case of the son's dying without issue, and the proceeds to be distributed equally among his brothers and sisters, and their heirs, (as a designatio persone,) oi such of them as should be living.at the son's death. But the first difficulty in the cause was, a determination of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, upon an ejectment brought in that Court under the same will. The State Court there held, that the word "heirs" was a word of limitation; and none of the brothersand sisters being alive at the death of the son, J. Bleakley, junior, the object of the power to sell had failed; their issue were not entitled, and a sale by the executors of Young conveyed no title ; although it was admitted, that the power might be

OF THE UNITED STATES.
executed by Young's executors, if the object of sale had continued.
This decision was that of two Judges only,b and could hardly be considered as a binding authority even in the State Courts, whatever respect might be felt for the great abilities of the learned Judges by whom it was pronounced. This is not one of those cases where the decisions of the State Courts, on questions of local law, establish rules of property, which this Court will not disturb; but it is a mere question of the interpretation of a will, depending entirely on the rules of the common law.
There are two questions for nonsideration: (1.) Whether the power, or trust, to sell, now exists ? and, (2.) How the distribution of the proceeds of the sale is to be made ?
The second question is certainly subordinate to the fiErst. For if there be an absolute power to sell, (as will be contended,) then the disposition of the fund is a matter to be determined between the trustees, and those who may claim it in a Court of equity; but it cannot interfere with the paramount authority to sell. But it has been supposed, that if the object for creating the fund no longer exists, the power is gone with it. The second question, therefore, will be considered first; not meaning, however, to admit, that the one is a corollary from the other. Reasons may have existed

1823.
Daly V. James.

a Smith's lessee v. Folwell, I Binney's Rep. 546. b Tilghman, Ch. 3., and Yeates, J. ; Smith, J., died after the argument, and before judgment, and Breckenridge, J., dismnted.

1823. 'and
Daly
V.
a"es.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
to induce the testator to desire a sale at all events; the fact of its not beingin express terms re-
stricted to any particular event, goes to prove, that it was t6 be made under all circumstances, except
only the son's having issue. Such is the necessary ambiguity of al1 human
language, that particular words used in a will, or any other writing, must be taken in their most usual technical sense,. or not, according to other considerations. One of the most important of these considerations, is the design of the writer, as manifested by the general scope of the writing itself. What, then; was the intention of the testator, and who were the objects of his bounty, as manifested by the will itself? We contend, that he intended to devise all his property, and to'retain it in his own family. The first and great rule in the exposition of wills, is the intention of the testator expressed, which, if consistent with the rules of law, shall prevail.a To this, all other rules are but subsidiary or suppletory.b Supposing thii to be the design of the testator, the means are appropriate to the end. He gives to his cousin, A. Young, a small pecuniary annuity, burthened with onerous duties; and to his son, the mere usufruct of the residue, unless he should have children; in which event only the restraint on alienation is removed.
The first great object of the testator's bounty,

a Cas. Temp. Talbot, 43. 2 Burr. 770. Ambose v. Hodgson, Dougl.323.
b Sir W. Jones., Ieus. Comm. 308.

1 Fonbl.Eq. 413.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
then, was his son. The second class of objects was his brothers and sisters; and the third class was the children of his brothers and sisters.
Had the brothers and sisters survived the son, they would unquestionably have succeeded, by the executory devise, on the occurrence of the sole contingency, viz. the death of the son, without issue lawfully begotten.. Did the devise extend beyond the brothers and sisters? It is clear that it was not, in terms, restricted to the brothers and sisters personally: the terms of it contemplate something more. The words are, "to mysaid brothers, &c. and my said sisters, &c. and their heirs for ever, or such of them as shall be living at the decease of my said son, to be divided between them in equal proportions, share and share alike." Whatever.may be the technical meaning of the word heiis, &c. the use of them certainly shows that the testator looked beyond the brothers and sisters. The opposite construction rejects words which the testator has thought fit to use; and it is a well established principle, that no words in a will shall be rejected that can bear any construction.a The opposite argument must also take for granted, that the words, " such of them as shall be living," &c. refer to brothers and sisters merely. But this supposition is contradicted, both by fair grammatical construction, and the general scope of the will. Fiat relatio prozimus antecedenti: the word " them? is in immediate juxtaposition with

503
1823.
Daly
V.
James.

a Barry v. Edgeworth, 2 P. Wyrs. 575.

504
1823.
\of
Daly.
James.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the word "heirs." The whole scope and object the will, is to provide for the family; and to
restrict this devise to the brothers and sisters, is to defeat this object. The intention of the testa-
tor was evidently to dispose of his property, not to leave it floaiing and precarious. The death of his brothers andsisters was naturally to have been expected; but of their children, some of them would probably be alive, should the son die without issue. It was not for the purpose of'giving a fee simple that the word "heirs" was introduced; for it was personal property which was devised, and which would pass absolutely without words of inheritance. The children of hi's rothers and sisters were personally well known and dear to him. They were, therefore, the natural objects of his bounty; and this extrinsic circumstance may aid in the construction. I But what is the meaning of the word " heirs," as coupled with the words "brothersand sisters?" It may mean, (.) HEIRS AT-LAW; in which case, .whilst it bears the most technical meaning, it will consist with a liberal and rational interpretation. The proceeds go to the brothers, &c. If any of them are dead, to the heir at law of the deceased, standing in loco parentis, and the surviving brothers, &c. If all are dead, leaving children, to the heirs at law of all. If all are dead, and some have left no children, and, therefore, no heirs at law, except the children of the others, then to the surviving heirs at law. (2.) Or it may mean CHILDREN. It is thus used in popular discourse, and writings not technical: " If children, then

OF THE UNITED STATES.

505

heirs," says St. Paul.*. The testator himself uses it in this sezise, in at least one other part of his will. He says, "I give and bequeath to my son, John Bleakley,, and his heirs lawfully begotten; and in case of his decease without such issue," &c. And this use of the word is perfectly legal. Thus, in Jones v. Morgan: " Itis first necessary to determine upon the Whole of the will, whether, by ie word heirs, the testator meant that succession of persons so denomiriated by the law. If that appear to be the intention, the rule in Shelly's case must,, in all events, take place. But when the word is used in any other sense, the rule is not applicable, and the limitation must have its effect, as'if proper words had been made use of.' b So, in Banifleldv. Pohpkam, " Itwas agreed, that the word heirs was not always, and of necessity, to be intended as a word of limitation. Thus, in 2 Ventr. 311., a devise to A., for life, remainder to the heirs male of the body of A , now living: these were words of purchase. So, in Raym. 279. Lisle v. Gray, I Jones, 114., lands were limited to A. for life, &c. the words heirs mate, were understood to signify sons."a And in Darbison v. Beaumont: "Devise to the heirs male of J. S., begotten. J. S. having a son, and the testator taking notice that J. S. was then

1825.
Daly
v. James.

a Rom. viil. 17.

b Bro. Ch. Rep. 206.

c 1 P. WYm. 59. S. P. 1 F. Mm. 87.142. 754. 2 P. Wrrz.

471. 1 Eg. Gas. Abr. 194. 3 Bt'o. Parl. d. 467. 2 Fee.

646. 1 Yenir. 225. 2 Lord Raym. 873. 1407. 2 Salk. 679.

Eqnsg7, 29.

VoL.. IL

64

1823. DV ay V. James.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
living, a sufficient description of testator's meaning, and such son shall take, though (strictly speaking) he is not heir." "As to the objection, that, Mr. Long being living, there could not, in a
legal sense, be any heir male, &c. it was answered, that the intent of the testator, by the devise, (which was the only matter in question,) did plainly appear, &c. That the word heir had, in law, several. significations: in the strictest, it signified one who had succeeded to a dead ancestor; but in a more general sense, it signified an heir apparent, which supposes the ancestor to be living; and in this latter sense, the word heiris frequently used in statutes, law books, and records." By way of analogy, it may also be mentioned, that the word "issue" is frequently taken as a descriptio persona.&
The rule in Shelly's case has been frequently broken in upon in favour of last wills. Once fix the intention, and the word heirsmay as well be a word of prchase,as a word of limitation. And it may even be taken as a word of purchase in a deed, if such be the intention of the grantor.0 So, also, in marriage articles., This is not upon the principle, that the rules of property are different

a I P. Wime. 232. S. P. 1 Fentr. 344. 2 Lev. 232.e Raym. 330. 2 SirW . Jones,99. Polexf.457.
b Cruise'l Dig.tit. 38. Devi8e,C.10. s. 33-35. c Lisle v. Gray, Th. Raym. 315. S. P. Walker v. Snow,
Pabner'sRep. 349. d Houor v. Honor, 1P. WMs.123. Bale v. Coleman, Id.142.
Trevor Y.Trevor, Id. 612. West v. Errisey, 2 P. Wimns. 349.

OF THE.IUNIT,D STATES.
in Chancery from what they are at law; that 4otion was long since completely exploded., But the rule has been still more frequently relaxed in the case of devises, for very obvious reasons.b Several attempts have been made, both by Judges and elementary Writers, to classify the cases, in which, by an exception to the rule, the word heirs is construed as a word of purchase; but all the exceptions will be found to turn upon the intention of the testator. And when it is said, that this intention must not be contrary to the rules of law, this dictum does iot apply to the technical sense of the terms used by the testator. It merely applies to the legalitu of the oject which he wishes to effect. e. g. The testator wishes to create aperpetuity; any words,however untechnical, which import the idea, are sufficient; but the. law will not permit a perpetuity to be created at all. This distinction is clearly stated by Lord Keeper Henley. " It was argued, that if the intent was plain, yet, ifthe testator had used words which, by the rules of law, imported a different signification, the rule of law, and not the intent, would prevail; but"There was no such rule applicable to this base. In case of a will, the intent shall prevail, if not contrary to law ; the meaning of which is, ifthe limitations are such as the law allows; but it does not mean, that the words mtst be taken in such signification as the law imposed on them. If words, which, in

507
182j.
Daly"
Y. 11m .

a Vatts v. Bali, 1 P. Mms. 108. Philips v. Philips, Id. 35. b Archer's case, 1 Co. Rep. 66. Luddington v. Klime, Lord
Raym. 203. Backhouse v. Wells, 1 Eq. Cas. Abr. 184. 1 Ventr. 184. Lord Raym. 1561. Bagshaw v. Spencer, I Yes. 142.

1823. v
V. J"

CASES N THE SUPREME COURT
cQnsideration of law,' were generally taken as words of limitation, appear in a will to be very
plainly intended as words of purchase, they must be considered as such both in Courts of law and equity.""
But, admitting, argumenti gratia, that if the ,children of the testator's brothers and sisters take in character of heirs, they must take in quality of heirs, i. e. by descent; they may take in this manner consistently with the rules of law. Either it is a contingent executory devise to their parents, or, as it is commonly called, an executory interest; or it is a contingency or possibility coupled with an interest. In the first case, although the devisees die before the contingency happens, their children will take by descent.' If it be a contingency.or possibility coupled with an interest, they may take in the same manner.0 It is now the settled text law, that these contingent estates are transmissible to the heirs of the. devisee, where such devisee dies before the contingency happens, and if not dispbsed of before, will vest in such heirs when the contingency happens ; though for-

a Austen v. Taylor, .4mbl. 376. S. P. Sir WV. Jones, .T(us. 308.
b Gurnellv. Wood, 8 Vin. Abr. 112. Wier'e Rep. 211. S. P. Goodriglit v. Searle, 2 Wilk. 29. Porter v. Bradley, 3 Term .Rep. 143. Weale v. Lower, Pollexf.54. Vick v. Edwards, 3 P. Wims. 372. 1 H. Bi. 30. 33. 3 Term Rep. 88.
c"King v. Withers, 3 P. Wins. 414. Perry v. Phillips, 1 Yes.
jr.254. Selwyn v. Selwyn, 2 Burr. 1131. Roe v. Jones, 2 A.
Bi. 30.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M0

merly an opinion prevailed, that they could not pass by a will made previous to their vesting.*
If it should be objected, that this is a doubl contingency, which is bad; the answer is, that there is no rule of law which prohibits a limitation on a double contingency, or a contingency on another contingency. A limitation may be good, though made to depend on any number of contingencies, if they be collateral to, or independent of each other, and may all happen within the legal time of limitation. In Routledge v. Dorril,b a grandchild took on a limitation dependent on no less than four contingencies.
It is a well established doctrine, that where a class or denomination of heirs, indefinitely, are intended to be embraced, the word heirs is a word of limitation; but where particular or pecial personsare constituted the stock of a new descent, it operates as a word of purchase.0 Here the-devise is to the brothers and sisters, and such of their heirs &s may be living at a particula time. Heirs general, therefore, could not have been
meant; but only the heirs of each brother,and f
eawh sister, i. e. the children of each brother and sister. The term is restricted (supposing it to be a devise of the realty) to such as should be heir

1823. %Daly
D. Jame.

a Fearnes'Cont. Rem. 534. 537. Cas. Temp. Talh. 123. 2 Ves. 119. 1 Sir. 131. 2 Aik. 618. Wak. Dew. 14. Cruises Dig. tit. ,38. Devise, c. 3. s. 18-21. c. 20. s. 43-53. 2 B1. Comm. 290.
b 2 Fe .jr. 358. c Burgr. Lao Tracts, 561. Jones v.Morgan, 1 Bro. Ch.
Cae. 206.

1823. %wv-
Da.. -
JAmf8.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of such of the brothers and sisters as were dead when J. Bleakley, jun. died without leaving issue. The heirship must be established by the known canons of descent; but when ascertained, the ob-
jects defined would still. take by purchase. The word heirsis, indeed, a word of limitation, fol the purpose of ascertaining who are to take ; but after it-has peroi-med that office, the objects who are to take are in by purchase, and not by descent. A nd herein, it is humbly apprehended, consists the radical defect in the argument of the learned Judges of the State Court. If the word heirsnecessarily compelled all who take'under it, to take in quality of heirs, then the argument, that they must take per stirpes, and not per caVita, might have its difficulties. But this word does not operate, exclusively, either as a word of purchase, or of limitation. That it is often a word of purchase hag been before shown; and in the common case of a devise "to A. for life, remainder to the heirs of B. who leaves a daughter,and his wife enseint with cc son. On the death of B. the aaughter takes, under thd'description of heir, bypurehase, and she shall not be devested by the subsequent birth of the' son."a So, also, in the case of an estate tO A. for life, remainder to the right heirs of B., or of an executory devise to the right heirs of A. Thb canons of descent are referred to for the purpose of ascertaining who 'are the fight heirs; and, after this is ascertained, such persons

a Goodwright v. Wright, 1 Str, 30. Watk. Dec. 208.

Dougl 499. note.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

511

take by purchase. It does not follow, that because the word heirs is a word of limitation, that the heirs, when ascertained, must take as heirs; for there are many cases where terms of limitation operate only sub modo as such, viz. for the purpose of defining the objects who are to take in quality of purchasers. Thus, if a remainder be limited in gavelkind, or borough English lands, to the right heirs of A., the common law points out the eldest son as the heir, contrary to the custom, which gives the land in the one case to all the sons, and in the other to the youngest son. " For," says Mr. Watkins, " notwithstanding we may thus have recourse to the law of descents to ascertain the persons who are to take, yet, when they are once ascertained,they take as purchasers'.'c So, if lands be devised to the right heirs of A., who leaves two daughters, they are both his heirs; but they take not as parceners, (for to do this they must take by descent,) but as joint-tenants, or in common, i. e. as purchasers.' In general, purchasers take per capita,and those who claim by descent, take per stirpes; but if the intention of the grantor or devisor can be better promoted by purchasers taking perstirpes than per capita, there is no inflexible rule of law to prevent it. In the present case, we hold, that the intention is plain, and that all claiming as heirs of those brothers and sisters would take per stirpes, even

1823.
Daly
V.
hme,

a Wlatk. Desc. 226. Co. Litt. 220 a. Brown Y.Barkman,
I Str. 42. h Coxden v.Clark. Hob. 33. 3 Lrwtt. 14. 24

1823. \- Dnly
V.
James.

CASES IN THE' SUPREME COURT
though they take by purchase; but whether they take in one way or the other is quite immaterial, provided it be shown, that the brothers and sisters ¢'sonally were not the sole obects, of the testa-
tor's bounty, and, consequently, need not survive J. Bleakley, jun.
The same construcion has been adopted, respecting personal property, under the statute of distributions, 29 Charles II. c. 3. Where there is a bequest of personalty to the relations or .next of kin of A., the statute furnishes the rule; i. e. ascertains who are the persons comprehended within these words; and these persons may take per capita, though if distributed, in such ease, under the statute, they would take perstirpes8.
That these children are entitled to take, as purchasers,under the word heirs, is manifest, as none can claim by descent, unless the subject of the limitationi vests, or might have vested, in the ancestor, qua ancestor. But here no estate, in lamd,, was ever contemplated to vest in the brothers or sisterE named, or in either of them. The entire estate, in the land, vested either in Bleakley, jun..or in loung, the executor, &c. and the proceeds. of a sale, i. e. personalty,only, was to be phid over to such persons as'satisfied the description entitled at the time of Bleakley, jun. his death without issue. Under no possible cireumstances or view of the case, could these children take in quality of heirs; because nothing ever did or could vest in their parents as ancestors; and the

a Prec.in Ch. 401. 1 ltk. 470. 2 P. Wins. S5.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
subject itself of the devise was not real property but money, of which. heirship cannot with legal accuracy be predicated. It is, therefore, manifest, that if they take at all., it mfist be as purchasers, and that the word heirs may be used for the purpose of ascertaining who are embraced within the scope of the testator's bounty; and, having performed that duty, it is fwactus offico, and ceases to operate as a word of limitation.o
The next question in the cause is, whether the power to sell exists in those who have exercised it, and under a sale from whbm, the plaintiff claims title ?
And this divides itself into two inquiries: (1) Whether there is in any person, now existing, an authority to sell ? (2) Whether the event has taken place, which, in the contemplation of the testator, was to occasion its exercise ?
I. It-is a familiar principle, that no execution- of a trust shall fail for want of a-trustee. On a total failure, Chancery will appoint one; but if the individual named by the testator is wanting, it devolves on the person who succeeds to the general rights and duties with which it is coupled. Here the direction of the *testator himself eXtends it beyond the first individual named. The trust, as it is created, extends not only to the executors, but to thd admiAistratorsof A. Young,'wbo may be total strangers. But even if it were not go; the power given to one, will extend by operation

513 1823.
.

a Co. Litt- 13 a. 298 a.
[5 Ve8. jr. 365.
VOL. VIII.

Watk Deec. 233. 65

Swain v. Burtom,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182g.
Daly
V. Ames.

and construction of law to his executors, and so on from executor to executor." And, by the local
law of Pennsylvania, the distinction between a power to sell, and a devise of the land to be sold, iF takeni away, and the executors have the same interest in the one case as in the other.' The remainder in fee, then, on the death of Bleakley, jun. vested in the executors, &c. for the purpose of sale. The will of the testator was, that it should "be sold on the occurrence of that event. It is immaterial for what reason. It is sufficient that it was his will. The direction to sell is mandatory, and not a mere discretionary authority. The time within which it was to be performed is immaterial. Its performance might have been retarded by many accidents.
2. The event has occurred, which, in the contemplation of the testator, was to occasion the exercise of the power to sell. The language of the will, on this point, is unambiguous and clear. ",In case of the decease of my said son without issue, then I do direct and order," &c. It is made to depend on the single event of his decease without issue. How the proceeds are to be distributed, is another and a distinct question. They are not made dependent upon each other. If the brothers and sisters had all lived, they could not have entered into possession of the real property: they

a 8 Vn .Abr. 465. P. c. cites 2 Bust. 291. 19 Hen. VI. fol. -g. 8 Vin. 467. pl. 16. 2 Brownl. 194. Bulstr. 219. 1 Ch.
Ckg. 180. 2 B1. Cormn. 506. b 3 I,a.s of l'ennsylc. 200.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
could only have compelled an execution of the trust, by the preliminary measure of a sale.
Mr. Sergeant, contra, stated, that this case had been submitted to the highest Court of Pennsylvania, where it was decided against the title, now in question, so long since as 1809. He admitted, that a verdict and judgment in ejectment were not conclusive, and that a second ejectment might be brought on the same title. But the decision of a competent Court, of the higliest resort, solemnly rendered on a question of law, submitted to them by the parties, ought to be decisive of what the law is on that question, as between the parties, and all claiming under them with'notice. It would be conclusive on that Court, and on all inferior jurisdictions: and where there is concurrent jurisdiction, the rule is, that the tribunal which first gets possession, has exclusive possession of the cause and of its incidents. Here the question was upon the law of Pennsylvania, as it regarded land in that State: not the statut, -law, which is written, but the common law, is shown by the decisions of her Courts, and modified by usage and custom, or the peculiar adoption and application.of its principles. Had this case been first submitted to the Circuit Court, and brought here by appeal, a decision of the Supreme (;ourt of the State, in another case, in all respects similar, would be of the highest authority. And it is fit, that it should be so, for the sake of uniformity in the settlement of the law; or else the peculiar judicial constitution of this country might be pro-.

515 1823.
V.
Jam.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUIT
ductive of the greatest confusion. Suppose the v decision of this Court should be different from
Daly
T. that of the State Court; it is not a case in which, 3a*" by the constitution and laws of the Union, this
Court has any superiority that would give itd decision a binding effect. There would, consequently, be an irreconcilable conflict of decisions. The decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania must, therefore, be regarded as of the highest authority, and ought to be followed, unless flatly absurd and unjust.
But, considering the will, independent of the authority of the decision in the .State Court, it is obvious that the testator did not mean to provide fbr the disposftion of his estate, in every event that might happen, except by the residuary clause in favour of his son. If he had said, or had clearly intimated, that he meant in no case to die ing.estate, so as to let in the heir, this might have been considered as a pervading intention, that would influence the interpretation of the will. But this was not necessary, for the law had provided an heir, in whose favour the affections of the testator would coincide with the provisions of the law. The heir is a favourite of the common law, and is not to be disinherited but by express words, or by necessary implication. That implication can only exist where 'there is a plain intention not to die intestate. But here the inteution was merely to provide for certain persons, whom the testator, for reasons known only to himselt chose to consider as objects of his bounty, in certain events. So far he *meantto restrai'.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

517

his son, and no farther. From his having dond 18 . so, it is impossible to infer an intention to provide for other persons, or for other events, as there v. might be, in a case where there was a manifest JSM design not to die intestate.
The will must be interpreted. by itself, and thed it will appear that the testator had in view: (1) His son, to whom he gives a clear estate tail in the realty, and an absolute estate in the persontlty, on certain terms. (2) A. Young, to whom he gives an annuity of 30 pounds a year, during the joint lives of himself and the son, or the son's issue: and to whom, in the event of his surviving the son, and the son dying without issue, or issue failing in his lifetime, he gives 400 pofada in lieu of the annuity, to be paid out of the pry. ceeds of the sale of his estate. A. Young could, then, certainly, .take nothing but in the case slmcified of the son dying without issue, or the isstid failing, in the lifetime of Young. It is put W1
place of the annuity, and, in case of issue, the annuity is to be continued. (3) The brothers and sisters of the testator. If the son die, living A. Young, the right of A. Young is vested: ana then (i. e. A. Young surviving, the son, and the son dying without issue) the testator'8 will ig, that the property shall be sold by A. Yorrg, his exeoutor, &c. and the proceeds, after payirg iB 400 pounds, to the four brothers and sisters, by
"zme, and their heirs, or such of them as shall be living at the son's decease. And that this was meant only of his brothers and sisters, is evident

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1.823. from the subsequent bequest to them of his perDvy, Ssonal estate. V. We say, then, that the power to sell was limited Jame3. to arise upon the contingency: (1) Of John, the
son, dying without issue in the lifetime of A. Young, or of the issue failing in the lifetime of A. Y.; or, (2) Of his dying without isue, living one or more of the brothers or sisters of the testator. And that neither of these contingencies- having happened,the fee, which was in the son by descent, was discharged from the power, and was devised by his will,
But, it may be asked, why should the disposition in favour of the brothers and sisters be made dependent upon the life of A. Young? The answer is, because it was first and chiefly for the sake of A. Y. that the sale was to be made; and there is no more reason, as regards the intention of the testator, for limiting the disposition in case of issue failing, than in case of the son's dying leaving no issue. And vet the former is clearly done, and was indispensable. Suppose J. Bleakley, jun., had left a child, who survived A. Y. one day, and then died. The reversion in fee would then go to the heir of John, the son, so as to merge and destroy the estate tail, and all intermediate contingeht estates.a The contingent limitation is only good by way of executory devise. J. Bleakley, jun., took a vested estate tail by the will, and the reversion in fee by descent. The descent was immediate, liable to open and let in the power,
f Fearne's Cont. Rem. 343. 353. 7th ed.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
upon the happening of the contingency upon which the power was to arise. After the failure of the estate tail, the fee would be in the son and his heirs, until the power was exercised, no estate
being. given to A. Young. This could only be done by executory devise.a There is no preceding particular estate to support the remainder. The fee by descent is no particular estate. It must, therefore, be considered a contingent limi-
tation, good only by way of executory devise. As.a contingent remainder, it might be barred by common recovery, but not as'an executory devise.' It is, besides, the creation of an estate of freehold, to commence in futuro, by the exercise of a power collateral to the estate, and, therefore, also, must be an executory devise. As an executory devise cannot be destroyed by an alteration of the preceding" limitation, nor barred by' a recovery, to avoid perpetuity, the contingency must be one to happen within a reasonable time, i. e. a life or lives in being, and twenty-one years and a few months thereafter.
Now, let us consider whether it is so limited, and what the limitation is. Dying without issue, or failure of issue, legally imports an indefinite failure of issue, as it respects both personal and real estate, but especially the latter, " for there the interest of the heir is concerned, which is always much favoured at law.' 'o In the case of per-

519 1823.
Daly
V. James.

a 2 Ves. jr. 269. b Pearne, 419. 423,424. 429. c Id. 47d.

CASES IN THE SUPREM4 COURT

1823.
'oO"/
T.
'm

sonal estate, it has indeed been often construed to mean a dying without issue living at the time
of the death. And in the case of real estate, it has been sometimes so construed.' But this has been, only from necessity, to support the limltations over, and effectuate the legal intention of the testator." And it has therefore never been so construed, where there~.was an express limitation in the will to the contrary, or of equivalent legal effect. Where, then, there i§ a limitation sufficient to maintain and preserve the subsequent disposi-
tions, such implication is unnecessary. And where there is a limitation expressed, ipconsistent with such implied limitation, the implication is impossible. Such inconsistency is equally great, .whether the actual limitation is shorter or longer than the implied limitation. The limitation in this will is, the dying of J. Bleakley, jun., without issue, in the lifetime of A. Young: which intludes his so dying, leaving no issue, or . leaving issue which fail in the lifetime of A. Young. It is not a double contingency, but a single contingency, embracing both events. The limitation, too, is sufficient to support the ultimate disposition. If so, there can be no. limitation to dying witbout issue, &c. The words are: " I give to my cofisin, A. Young, &c. an annuity, &c. during the joint lives of him, the said A. Young, and my sqn, J. Bleakley, or his heirs lawfully begottes; but in

a Dansey v. Griffiths,4 Maul. - Seiw. 61. and see 5 Masn. Rp.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

case of the decease of my saidson twnout ua lawfdly 6 egotten, as aforesaid,"&c.

If it be said, that the subsequent words, which

contain the disposition in favour of the brothers

and sisters, are different; " and in case of the de-

cease of my said sofi without such issue," and

ought to be construed a dying without issue living

at the time of his death, I answer, that they

cannot be so interpreted here; because, (1) They

are connected with the antecedent words in the

prior part of the will, "herein after mentioned,

and before any dividend is made of the proceeds

of my said estate ;" and with the words in the

subsequent part, " after deducting out of the pro-

ceeds," &c. (2) It would make the bequest to

A. Young depend upon one contingency, and that

to the brothers and sisters upon another; whereas,

they are plainly connected together, and made to

depend upon one contingency. (3) These same

identical words are before used as equivalent to a

failure of issue ; " during the joint lives of him,

the said A. Y., and my son, J. B., or' his heirs

lawfully begotten; but in case of the decease of

my said son without issue," &c.

As a limitation, the life of his brothers and sis-

ters, who were"in esse, would answer equally well

as the life of A. Young. But, it must be admit-

ted, that there is no express limitation of that kind

in the will. -And it would follow, that if there be

not a limitation to the life of A. Y., there is none

at all. Under this head, :however, I shall contend.

(1) That the distribution was to be made among

VOL. VIII.

66

52L
1823.
Daly
I. J

1823.
\
Daly
V. #m

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
such of the brothers and sisters as should be living at the time when the contingency happened:
(2) As none were then living, and A. Young was dead, there was no object for the exercise of the power, and, therefore, the power was never brought into existence.
Such wa:s the opinion of a majority of the Judges of the State Court; and it is the natural and obvious reading of the will. The proceeds are given to the brothers and sisters by name, to be divided between them in equal proportions, share and share alike; which imports, that he had some definite idea, whom it was 'to be divided amongst. But, if there were any doubt, the bequest of the petsonal estate, which refers to the former, makes it quite plain. The legal construction is the same; for it cannot be denied, that heirs is, generally,a word of limitation, and only descriptive of the quantity of estate meant to be given. Strike out the words " and their heirs for ever," and all doubt is aissipated.. Strike out the words of contingency; " or such of them as shall be living at the decease of my said son;" and would not the whole vest in the ancestor, and the heir take by descent? In either case, 'suppose one to die in the lifetime of the testator, would not the legaoy lapse ? But the words "for ever," unequivocally stamps the' character of limitation. The supposition that heirs is to be a wbrd -ofpurchase, in one event only, goes on the ground, that the same word is to be construed, according to circ.umstances, in senses entirely different. That is to "say, that in the 'mind of the testator.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
and at the time of making the will, it was understood to be a word both of limitation and of purchase. It would follow, then, that if one of the brothers and sisters died in the lifetime of the testator, the heir would take by purchase. There could, therefore, be no such thing as a lapsed legacy or devise, if the word heirs be used; and some new m6de must be invented of describing the quantity of the estate.
This construction is liable to another objection, that it strikes out an entire clause. It is manifest enough, that the testator thought it was real estate, and, therefore, used the word heirs. He might well think so, as it was to be real estate up to a certain point. How this estate was to be regarded, might not have been generally understood at the time when this will was made. It was, probably, Lord Hardwicke who first decided, that land to be converted into money, or money to be laid out in land, were to be considered " by the transmutation of a Court of equity."a Besides, the legatee might, in such case, pethaps, have an election.b At law, it is still real estate; that is, supposing A. Young to be either dead, or his legacy paid. And it deserves to be remarked, that the testator drops these words, when he speaks of what he himself deems personalestate.
Our construction is the only reasonable and practicable one. Heirs, standing alone, is never a word of purchase; and when it is a word of pur-

523 1823.
V.ly
James.

a 3 Atk. 256. b I MAdd. 395. 1 P. Wr.. 130. 3M9.

CASES" IN THE SUPREME COURT

-1823.
.
DV. .

chase, it always means, that the heir is to take in exclusion of the ancestor." Thus, where an estate
is given to the ancestor for life, the heir may take by purchase, so that the estates will not unite. Where the ancestor takes no estate at all, an heir may take by purchase, as the first taker; the word heir being then a descriptiope~sona,or individual designation.
But, supposing it to be otherwise, we must take one of ,two alternatives: (1) That if some of the brothers and sisters were living, and some dead, those who were living, and the heirs of those who were dead, should take. In that case, the heirs must take per capita as purchasers. (2) That if the brothers and sisters were all dead, the heirs of all would take. In this case, also, they must take per capita. That could not be the intention. But even as. words of purchase, heir8, standing alone, and without qualification, is a designation only of the person or persons who, by law, are heirs. It can never mean children or issue.' Then, what heir is it to be ? The' heir by the law of Ireland, of England, or of Pennsylvania ? If restricted to the issue of the brothers and sisters, (which -is a still fiirther construction,) and all are to take equally, theii- there might be every possible variety in the circumstances "and character of these children, which must have been unknown to the testator, nd are unknown to the Court. But there is a flat legal bar to such a con-

a PoweL .,Dev."236, 237. 239:241. bTPowell, 242-. 243.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
struction ; and that is, that the limitation to the children would be upon a double contingency, which is bad.
But, it is said, that the contingent interest is descendible, and would go to the children. Doubtless it might; but that must depend upon the nature of the contingency.
If, then, A. Young being dead, and all the brothers and sisters being dead, there was no object remaining for the power; did the power itself ever come into existence ? It never existed in A. Y., because he died before the contingency happened; and, it could not be derived from him to his executors or administrators. But supposing it might; then, at law, it expired at the end of two years from the death of J. Bleakley, jun., and before the deed to Smith." To be sure, equity would not suffer it to perish, if there were objects for its exercise. But, even in equity, it expired with the expiration of its object.b Here all the objects were completely at an end.
It is, -however, contended, that the use is subordinate to the power, and the sale is to be made at all events. But that makes the end subservient to the means. The purpose was contingent, and, therefore, the power was made contingent. No good purpose is to be answered by prolonging the

52.5 1823.
DVy J"M"

a 15 Hen. VI. foL 12. 1 Szgd. Powers, 459, 460. 258. 470. Bradley v. Powell, Cas. Temp. Talb. 193. Yates v. Phettiplace, 2 Mern. 416. Tournay v. Tournay, Prec.C 290. Roper v. Radcliffe, 9 Mod. 171. Croft v. Lee, 4 Yes. jr. 60.

526
1823. x -
Daly V. amnes.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
existence of the power. It may, perhaps, only be meant, that the whole is to be considered as
the personal estate of the testator, and go according to the statute of distributions. The conse-
quence would then be, that he would die intestate. But there is no case which goes so far, and no reason for it. If it were personal estate at the death of Bleakley, jun., then it all goes to him by will; and he surviving A. Young, and the brothers and sisters of the testator, took the whole absplutely in possession. He would have the right, of election, and he makes his election by his will.

Mr. D. B. Ogden, foi the plaintif, "in reply, argued, that the adjudication in the State Court had no other authority here, than the opinion of the same learned men would have upon any other question of general law. It was not conclusive, as a resjudicata,even in the State Court; and by what magic could the doctrines on which it was founded, be considered as conclusive in another forum? A judgment in ejeetment is never conclusive at law; and how can a decision in another suit, on the same devise, or another devise, be considered as conclusive on a tribunal having concurrent jurisdiction7? The question was not upon the local law, of which the State Courts are the exclusive expounders; it arose not upon the statute, or the common law of Pennsylvania, (if any such there be,) but upon that law which is expounded at Westminster and at Washington.
The intention of the testator is the great polar

OF THE UNITED STATES.

527

star in the interpretation of wills. If there be
ambiguity in the particular words used by the testator, you may not only look at the general scope and design of the will, as manifested on its face; but you may go out of the will, and inquire into the state of the testator's family, in order to ascertain whether particular persons might probably be the objects of his bounty." It would be strange, indeed, if wills were the only writings in which the necessary imperfection of human language might not be supplied by a view of all those extrinsic considerations which may be supposed to have influenced the writer's mind, and caused him to use words in one sense or another. It appears in the case, that the testator had just left his relations in Ireland, his native country, where his brothers and sisters, and their children, then were, the latter being of age, or nearly so, and that his will was made in London, on his way to this, his adopted country. Next to his son, his brothers and sisters and nephews and nieces, were probably nearest his heart.
It is admitted, that the son took an estate tail. The question has been supposed to be, what became of the reversion on the failure of issue ? But whether it descended on the son, or was devised to the testator's brothers and sisters is immaterial ; because, the question is, whether the fee, in whomsoever it may now be, is still subject to the power of sale created by the will. He might charge the reversion after the estate tail

1823.
Daly
v.
James.

aI Ball4-Bcattu.. 431.

182. \but
V.
J'amm

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
had expired. - And he has not only empowered, ordered and directed A.'Young, his executors,
&c.to sell. His object, doubtless, was, to convert the real property into money, in order that it might go to his relations in Irelaad, who. would, probably, never come to this country. If a testator says, " I will my heir shall sell the land, and does not mention for what purpose, it is in the breast of the heir at law whether he will sell it .or no, &c. But when a testator appoints an executor to sell, his office shows, that it is intended to be turned into personal assets, without leaving any resulting trust in the heir."a
It is apparent, that the testator considered himself as disposing of personal property. The subsequent legacy of his personal estate shows, that he considered it as one common fund. It is a mistake to suppose, that Lord Hardwicke established,.for the first time, in 1746, the rule of equity, that land devised to be sold and converted into money, shall be considered as personal. property. Such had always been the dQctrine of the Court of Chancery. The order to sell is absolute, not coupled with any. condition whatsoever, nor depending on the lives of his brothers and sisters. If nothing had been said about the 'distribution of the proceeds, they would go of course to the personal representatives. The subsequent clause is merely intended to describe how the proceeds were to be divided, and not to indicato the quantity of interest in what had thus become

a 2.4tk. 56.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

529

personal property by its very destination before it had been actually sold. As to the word heirs, it must surrender its ordinary technical meaning in order to subserve the intention. And it is clear, that it may be a word of purchase wherever it is necessary for that purpose. Thus, it sometimes means ckildren, and sometimes issue indefinitely.a
If the words " their heirs," were stricken out of this clause, theproperty being personal, would be vested absolutely in the brothers and sisters. The words, therefore, must have been added for some other purpose than to-create a limitation. AR the legatees, "except one, and probably that one, were alive atthe death of the testator. There was, then, no lapsed legacy. There was a clear contingent remainder to the brothers and sisters, which was transmissible to their representatives. The w6rds, "their heirs for ever,!' were intended as words of purchase, an&to substitute the children or grandchildren for the original parents, in order to effect the great intention of the testator, which was, to keep the estate in his own family. He supposed he had prevented his son from aliening it by the entail, and:that he had provided for the case of his son's dying without issue, by the-direction to sell, and the disposition of the proceeds. All his intentions are to be frustrated by the construction
contended for on the other side.
As to the supposed difficulties about the distribution of the proceeds among those who are entitled, that question is not now before thq Court.

1823. %.D"aly
V.
-Tm

VOL. VIII.

a Fearne, 466. 67

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823. O
Daly
v. Jaies.

It is sufficient that there is an object for the present exercise of the power. It is immaterial in what proportions those who are entitled are to take. When they shall file their bill on the equity
side of the Court, it will be time enough to consider that question.
The case cited from the Year Book, 15Hen.VJI. has nothing to do with the present question. That was a feoffment, on condition that the feoffee, who was the party in interest, should aliene ; and not the case of a trust. The time within which thc power was to be executed is immaterial, it being merely incidental to the general object of the testator. · Suppose the executor of A. Young, and all the others by whom the power was to have been executed, had neglected or refused; arc the cestuis que trust to be disappointed ? Woulu not a Court of equity compel the execution, or
supply the defective execution ? And if so, will it not confirm what has been already done ? It may indeed be admitted, that the trust will not be enforced, or the execution of it confirmed, if the object for which it was created no longer exists. But here the first object was to convert the real property into money, and then to distribute it. But if the property is to be considered as real estate, it would vest in him who was heir at law of the original donor, at the time of the expiration of the particular estate. J. Bleakley, jun., had indeed a right to dispose of this reversionary interest, but he never exercised that right. There

OF THE. UNITED STATES.

531

is nothing in his will showing an intention to de- 1823 vise it.o
Daly
V.
Mr. Justice WASHINGTON delivered the opinion Jame. of the Court; and, after stating the case, proceeded .1rdh I . as follows :
The material question to be decided is, whether the power given to A. Young, his executors and administrators, to sell the real estate of the testator, was legally exercised ? If it was not, then the plaintiff in error, who claims under a sale made by the executor of Young, acquired no title under it, and the judgment below is right.
It was contended by the counsel for the defendant, that by the death of Young, as well as of the brothers and sisters of the testator, in the lifetime of John Bleakley, the son, the devises to them to arise out of the power to sell never took effect; and, consequently, there being no person in existence, at the death of the son, to receive the proceeds of the sale, or any part of them, the power was unduly exercised. The premises upon which the above argument is founded, as well as the conclusion drawn from them, being controverted by the counsel on the other side, our inquiries will be confined to those two points.
With respect to the devise of the 400 pounds to A. Young, a majority of the Court is of opinion,
that by the words, as well as from the obvious intention of the testator, that sum was not to be raised except in the event of the death of John

a IMan,-. Desc. 110. 153

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. Bleakley, the son, without issue, in the lifetime of SYoung. During the joint lives of the son, or his
Daly
V. issue, and Young, the latter was to receive an anJmes. nuity of 30 pounds out of the rents and profits of
'the real estate. But if the son should die without issue in the lifetime of the said Young, the annuity was, in that event, to cease, and the 400 pounds was to be raised for his use, out of the proceeds of the real estate, when the same should be sold, according to the intention of the will, as thereafter mentioned. The contingency on which .the devise of the 400 pounds was to take effect, is in no respect connected With thaton which the devise of the proceeds to the brothers and sisters was to depend. The 400 pounds is expressly given in lieu of the annuity, *incase Young should suivive the son, without issue, in which event it was to cease.
The contingency upon which'the devise of.he proceeds of the real estate to the brothers and sisters, was to take effect, was the death of the son without issue; and since it was possible that the particular estate of the son might endure beyond the life of Young, the power to sell, for the benefit of the brothers and sisters, is extended to his executors and administrators. It is. true, that by the clause which gives the power to sell, taken independent of the devise to Young, it would seem as if the 400 pounds was, at all events, to be first deducted out of the proceeds of the sale, and paid to him, in the same event a§ the residue was to be paid to the brothers and sisters, that is, on the death of the son without issue. But the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
two clauses must of necessity be taken in connexion with each other, the one- as containing the bequest to Young, and the contingency upon which it was to take effect; and the other, as pointing out the fund out of which it was to be satisfied. If the former never took effect, it is clear that the latter was relieved from the burthen impoAsedveurypognooitd. reason appears for making the devise of the 400 pounds to Young, to depend upon hissu'rviving the son without issue, since it would be in that event only that he would want it; the annuity, which it was intended to replace, continuing,.until that event happened. - But no reason is perceived why the devise over to the brothers and sisters of the testator, or the execution of the power for their benefit, should have been made to depend on the same event; a trustee to sell being provided in the executors of Young, in case he should die before the power could be executed.
Having shown, it is believed, that the devise of the 400 pounds to Young never took effect, in consequence of his death in the lifetime of John Bleakley, the son, it becomes important to inquire, whether the devise to the brothers and sisters of the testator failed, in consequence of their having all died in the lifetime of the son. The operative words of the will are, "I give the proceeds thereof [of his real estate] to my said brothers and sisters, and their heirs, for ever, or such of them as shall be living at the decease of my son, to be divided

538
182. Daly V.
Jame

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I823. Daly v. James.

between them in equal proportions, share and Sshare alike."
The Court has felt considerable difficulty in construing the above clause, with a view to the in-
tention of the testator, to be collected from the whole of the will, and of the circumstances stated in the special verdict. Some of the Judges are of opinion, that the devise is confined, both by the words and by thb apparent intehtion of the testator, to the brothers and sisters who should be living at the death of the son without issue, considering the word "heirs" as a word of limitation, according to its general import, and that there is no evidence of an intention in the testator to give the part of a deceased brother or sister to his or her children, which ought to control the legal meaning of that word, when used as it is in this clause. On the contrary, they think, that the use of it in the devise of the proceeds of the real estate, and the omission of it in the devise of the personal estate, and yet declaring that the latter
is to be divided amongst his brothers and sisters, with the proceeds of his real estate as therein before directed to be divided, strongly indicates the intention of the testator to give the proceeds of the real estate to the same persons who were to take the personal estate. Others of the Judges are of opinion, that an intention to give the proceeds of the real estate to the children of a deceased brother or sister, as representing their ancestor, is fairly to be collected from the will, which strongly intimates that the testator did not

OF THE UNITED STATES.
mean to die intestate, as to any part of his real or personal estate.
Upon a question of so much doubt, this Court, which always listens with respect to the adjudications of the Courts of the different States, where they apply, is disposed, upon this point, to acquiesce in the decision of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania, in the case of Srnith's lessee v. Folwell, (1 Bin. 546.) that the word heirs is to be construed to be a word of limitation, and, consequently, that the devise to the brothers and sisters failed to take effect by their deaths in the lifetime of the son.
Whether the conclusion to which that Court
came, and which was pressed upon us by the plaintiff's counsel, that the contingencies on which the power to sell was to arise, having never happened, the sale under tme power was without authority, is well founded in a Court of law, need not be decided in this case, because the majority of the Court are of opinion, that, by the express words of the will, the sale was limited to the period of two years after the decease of John Bleakley, the son. The circumstance of time was no doubt considered by the testator as being of some consequence, or else it is not likely that he would so have restricted the exercise of the power. But whether. it was so or not, such was the will and pleasure of the creator of the power, and that will could only be fulfilled by a precise and literal exercise of the power. The trustee acts, and could act, only in virtue of a special authority conferred upon him by the will; he must act, then, in the way,

535
1823.
Daly
V. Jmnm

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1823. and under the restrictions which accompany the \'.v ' authority. If an adjudication were wanted to
Daly
V. sanction so-plain and obvious a principle of law, Jales. it is to be found in a case reported in the Year
Book, 15 Hen. VII. 11, 12. Under what circumstances a Court of equity
might relieve, in case the trustee should refuse tc exercise the power within the prescribed period, or ,should exercise the same after that period, need not be adverted to in this case, since this is a question arising in a case purely at law.
The sale in this case, then, having been made about eighteen years after the death of John Bleakley, the son, the trustee acted without authority, and the sale and conveyance was absolutely void at law.
Mr. Justice JorisoN. I have no hesitation in conceding, that if all the objects had failed, for which the power in this will was created, the power itself ceased, both at law, and in equity. Those objects were,
1. The raising of the legacy of 400 pounds for Young'
2. The sale and distribution of the testator's estate among his own relatives.
If neither of these objects remained to be effected, the power, under which the plaintiff makes title, was at an end.
The words on which the legacy depends are these: " but in case of the decease of my said son, without issue, as aforesaid, in the lifetime ofthe said Archibald Young, then the said annuity is to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

cease; and in lieu thereof, I give and bequeath 1823.

unto the said A. Y., and his assigns, the sum of '-"-' Day

400 pounds sterling, payable out of the proceeds D, of my real estate, when the same is sold and dis- Ja "

posed of according to the intention of this my will

herein after mentioned, and before any dividend

is made of my said estate."

The question which this clause presents is, whe-

ther the legacy was given upon the single contin-

gency of the son's death without issue, or upon

the double contingency of his death without issue.

in the lifetime of A. Y.

This question appears to me to be settled by

the testator himself; for in a subsequent part of

the will, speaking of this same legacy, and of

course with reference to the clause bequeathing it,

he says, " the sum of 400 pounds sterling, herein

before given and bequeathed to the said A. Y.,

immediately on the decease of my said ot

without issue." The testator, then, has attached

this construction, to his own words; and that the

clause containing this bequest will well admit of

that construction is obvious; for there is no neces-

sity for joining the first member of the sentence,

which contains the double contingency, to the last

member, which contains the bequest. And the

effect of the will, without this connexion, (which

I cannot but think forced and unnecessary,) will

be, to give the pecuniary legacy absolutely on the

event of the son's death without issue, but at-the

same time to declare, that the annuity should no

longer run on, whenever this bequest took effect.

This would literally be giving it in lieu of the an-

VoL. VIII.

68

CASES LN TIE SUPREME COURT
1823. nuity, and would fully satisfy those words in the
Daly 'will.
Da. Indeed, this construction appears irresistible, . when we consider another part of the will. The power to sell is extended to the executors and administrators of A. Y. They, therefore, were authorized to sell, in the event of the death of the son without issue, although he should survive A.-Y. Yet, we find the testator, when obviously contemplating the event of the son's surviving Young, expressly directing the payment of this legacy, before the proceeds should be distributed among his devisees over. This could only be consistent with a bequest upon the single contingency of the son's death without issue, independently of Young'p survivorship. Nor is there the least ground for contending, that this bequest is upon a contingency too remote, since the sale and devise over are expressly limited to take effect upon the death of the son, thereby restricting the generality of the words issue and heirs, so as to mean issue living at his death. This, too, is consistent with those acknowledgments of the testator of a debt of gratitude to A. Y., and not only of a debt to accrue, but of a subsisting debt. The annuity is given in presenti; and so is its substitute, the legacy. The words are, " 1 give and bequeath," thus vesting a present interest, although the payment is deferred to a future time and event. The views of the testator are easily explained : if his son or his issue took the estate, his bounty to Young was to be limited to the annuity. But if it should go over to his colla-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
teral kindred, the testator enlarges his bounty, and gives this substitute for the annuity, at the same time that he frees his estate from a charge that would embarrass the sale.
Nor can I possibly admit the doctrine, that the power to sell was either at law, or in equity, limited to the duration of two years after the death of the son without issue. The words are, "thienIdirect and order my said cousin,- A. Y., his executors and administrators, to sell and dispose of my real estate within two years after the decease of my said son." Here the words are clearly imperative, and their effect is, both to confer the power generally, and to exact the execution of it in two years. The intention of the testator must prevail, both at law and in equity, in construing his words; and when they will admit of a construction which will make the power commensurate with the views of the testator in creating it, I hold that to be the true construction both in law and equity. It is only when the power given admits not of this latitude by construction, that the aid of Courts of equity is resorted to, in order to carry into effect the views of the testator. By possibility, the executors of A. Young may have been minors, or may not have proved his will until the two years had expired, or a sale during that time may have been stayed by injunction, or by the want of purchasers; and it would be difficult to show why, in any one of these events, the power should have ceased. Certainly no reason can be extracted from the provisions-of the will, whence an intention could be inferred to restrict the power to sell to the

539
1823.
Daly V.
Jam"

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
period of two years; Every thing favours the contrary conclusion. For whose benefit was this injunction to sell within the specified period imposed upon the executor? Clearly for that of the brothers and sisters, in order that, under it, they may have compelled the executor to proceed to sale within the time limited. It would be strange, then, if a provision so clearly intehded for their interests, should have put it in the power of the executor, either wilfully, or by laches, to defeat their interests, and let in the heir at law.
This is not the case of a mere naked power: it is a power coupled with a trust. The'executor was to sell, that he might possess himself of the value in money, and distribute it among the cestuis que trust. ·In such cases, it has been well observed, that "the substantial part is to do.the thing," and that "powers 6f this kind have a favourable construction in law, and are not resembled to conditions, which are strictly expounded."
I am, therefore, of opinion, that the words creating this power will Well admit of being construed into a general devise of the power, and that the object intended to be answered, necessarily requires that construction.
The dictum cited from the Year Books, therefore, (besides that it has not been very correctly translated,) has no application to this case; since it supposes the actual restriction under the will, which I deny to be imposed in the present instance, upon the true construction of its words.
Being, therefore, of opinion, that both the legacy to Young, and the power to sell, subsisted

OF THE UNITED STATES.
at the date of the sale to the plaintiff, these views of the case are sufficient to sustain the sale to the plaintiff; and the subsequent questions would arise, only upon the distribution, of the remainder of the purchase money, after satisfying the legacy. Nevertheless, I will make a few remarks upon that part of the will which relates to the devise over to the testator's family, since it serves to elucidate, by another application, the principle upon which I have formed my opinion respecting the legacy to A. Yoking.
On the subject of the devise over to his brothers and sisters, the testator has again been his own expositor. It is very clear, that if the words, "or such of-them as shall be living at the decease of my said son," stood alone and unexplained, the relative them might be applied grammatically with more propriety to the word " heirs," than to the words " brothers and sisters ;" and thus, perhaps, give those words the effect of words of purchase. But the testator himself gives these words a distinct application, in the latter part of his will, when disposing of his personal estate; concerning which he says, that it shall be "divided among my brotltersand sisters,with the proceeds of my real estate, as herein before directed tobe divided." Under the words 'here used by the testator, it is clear, that the brothersand sisters only could take, and not the brothers' and sisters' children, thus restricting the word " heir" to its natural and appropriate signification; from which, it can be converted into a word of purchase, only by the clear and controlling intent of the testator. This

1823.
Daly
V. Jame&

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1823.
'
'"~~

construction is further supported by those words which require a distribution of the proceeds of the
real estate equally, share and share alike, to the legatees; a distribution which could not take place per stirpes, or in the event of one or more brothers surviving, and the death of the rest, leaving issue, living at the death of the son.
On this point, therefore, I concur with the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania; and only regret that I cannot concur both with that Court and this on the other bequest.
Upon the question so solemnly pressed upon this Court in the argument, how far the decision of the Court bf Pennsylvania ought to have been considered as obligatory on this Court, I would be understood as entertaining the following views: As precedents entitled to high respect, the decisions of the State Courts will always be considered ; and in all cases of local law, we acknowledge an established and uniform course rf decisions -of the State Courts, in the respective States, as the law of this Court; that is to say, that such decisions will be as obligatory upon this Court as they would
be acknowledged to be in their own Courts. But a single decision on the construction of a will, cannot be acknowledged as of binding efficacy, however it may be respected as a precedent. In the present instance, I feel myself sustained in my opinion upon the legacy to A. Y., by the opinion of one of the three learned Judges who composed the State Court.
Judgment affirmed.

