CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. use her certificate of registry for the return voy_200 Chestsof age. She, however, did use it, and sailed under
Tea. its avowed-protection, "not being entitled to the benefit ther of, according to the intent of the act."
The judgment of the District Court is reversed, and a decree of condemnation awarded against the schooner and her appurtenances.
[IzNSTArNCE COUiAr.J
Two HUNDRED CHESTS 'OF TEA, SMITH, Claimant.
In a libel of information, under the 67th section of the collection act of 1796, c. 128. against goods, on account of their differing in description from the contents of the entry, it is not necessary that it should allege an intention to defraud the revenue.
A question of fact, as to the rate of duties payable upon certain teas, imported, as bohea. That terni is used in the duty act in its known commercial sense; and fhe bohea tea of commerce is not usually a distinct and simple substance, but is a compound, made up in China, of various kinds of the lowest priced blachteas.
But, by the duty acts, it is liable to the same specific duty, without regard to the difference of quality and price.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Massachusetts.
This was a libel of information, filed in the District Court of Massachusetts, against two hundred chests oftea, alleging that, on the 8th of September, 1819, the collector of the customs for the port of Boston seized at that port the said chests of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tea, as forfeited, for having been unlawfully imported at the port of New-York, in the ship Onta-
rio, on the 29th of June, 1819, from Canton, in China, as being that kind and denomination of teas commonly called bohea teas, and afterwards transported coastwise to Boston, in..the original chests and packages, and there entered as bohea; and that, on such seizure and examination, accor-
ding to law, the chests and packages were found to differ in their contents from the entries, and the teas contained in them to be of a different kind and quality of black teas, and not bohea teas, as represented in the entries.a The claim interposed by TI H. Smith, stated, that the teas in question

1824. 2'0-0 Gheie% sts of
Tea.

a The 67th section of-the collection act of 1799, ch. 128. upon 'which this information was founded, provides, " that it shall be lawful for the collector, naval officer, or other officer of the customs, after entry'made of any goods, wares or merchandise, on suspicion of fraud, to open and examine, in the presence of two or more reputable merchants, any package or packages thereof; and if, upon exanination, they shall be found to agree with the ent ;, the officer making such seizure and examination, shall cauie tut: same to be repacked, and delivered to the owner or claimant forthwith ; and the expense of such examination shall be paid by the
said ocollector or other officer, and allowed in the settlement of his accounts; but if any packages so examined, shall be foqnd tb differ in their contents from the entry, the goods, wares, or merchandise, contained in such package, or packages, shall be forfeited : Prouided, that the said forfeiture shall not be incurred, if it shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the collector and naval oflicer of the district where the same shall happen, if there be a naval officer; and if there be no naval officer, to the satisfaction of the said collector, or of the Court in which a prosecution for the forfeiture shall be had, that such difference proceeded from accident or mistake, and not from an intention to defraud the revenue."

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. were imported and entered by him, at the port of 200 Chests of New-York, as bohea teas, and that they are of the
Tea. kind and denomination called bohea teas, and not of a different kind or quality of teas. The District Court pronounced a decree of condemnation, upon the testimony taken in the cause, which was affirmed, proforma,in-the CircuitCourt, upon appeal; and the cause was, thereupon, biought to this Court.
March th. The cause was argued by Mr. Webster and Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the appellant, and by Mr. Blake. for the respondents.
On the part of the appellant, it was contended, that the examination and seizure authorized by the 67th section of the duty act of 1799, c. 128. are limited to the collector of the district, where the goods were originally entered, and the duties secured upon importation ; and that, consequently, the case made out by the libel was not within the purview of the act, even supposing the collector might, by his general authority, make a seizure, and assert the forfeiture in a libel properly framed for-that purpose. The United States were concluded, by the entry and inspection of the teas, at the port of New-York, where the importation from ak foreign port was made, and the duties paid and secured. Besides, the libel contains no allegation of an intention to defraud the revenue. By the terms of the statute, no forfeiture is incurred if the difference between the entry and the packages proceeded 'from accident and mistake, and not

OF TH UNITED STATU
from an intention to defraud the revenue. The want of such an allegation must, therefore, be considered as a substantial defect in the libel. The counsel also minutely examined the evidence, and insisted-that the statute meant to describe the different kinds of teas in ordinary commercial Ilanguage, and not with scientific precision. The tea now in question, is the bohea of commerce, whatever might be its botanical designation, or its Chinese name.

48 1824.
Tea.

For the respondents it was argued, that the con-

struction of the 67th section of the act,.-Which had

been contended for by the claimant, would, if

adopted by the Court, be fatal to the whole sys-

tem of revenue laws. There was nothing in the

terms of the section, or in other parts of the sta-

tute, which nestricted it to the collector of the port

and district where the original importation from

abroad was made. On the contrary, .the terms,

"a collector," and "the collector," are used pro-

miscuously throughout the act, where an authority

is intended to be given to, or a duty imposed on,

the collectors of the customs generally; rnd

wherever it is intended to confine the authority or

duty to the collector of any particular port, ap-

propriate words are used for that purpose. It was

altogether ah erroneous supposition, that an entry

of goods, brought coastwise from the collection

district where they were originally imported to

another, was not required by the revenue laws.

On the contrary, whenever the value of such

goods exceeds, 400 dollars, and they are contained

Vot,.

55

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. in the original packages. as imported, an entry is 200 Chests of quired, upon their bei ng transported from one
Tea. port to another, although that.precise term may not be used in the various revenue and navigation laws." All the formalities required by these acts were complied with on bringing these teas from the port of New-York to the port of Boston, and consequently an entry was made with the collector of the latter port, so as to authorize him to make the examination and seizure under the 67th section of the collection act.' Nor was any allegation of an intention to defraud the-revenue necessary, since the libel pursues the language of the enacting clause of the act, by which the forfeitur is inflicted whenever the packages are found to differ in their contents from the entry; and the exemption from forfeiture, where the difference proceeds from accident or mistake, is contained in a separate proviso to the section, ,which is matter of defence for the claimant. By the act of April 16, 1816, c. 107. and by several preceding statutes, the first of which was enacted in 1789, a specific duty wis imposed on "bohea tea." All these acts make a discrimination in terms, between ".bohea" and " souchong and all other black teas." The Legislature must necessarily have had in view, in both cases, a certain commodity, known by those names respectively. Had this not been the fact, an ad valorerm duty would long since have beep imposed, in order to prevent the gross frauds upon the revenue, which must
a Act of Feb. 18, 1793, for enrolling and licensing ships and vessels to be employed in the coasting trade, &d. c. 153. [viii.) s. 16, 17. 19.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
be the inevitable consequence of permitting such teas as those now in question to be imported as bokea. The same distinctive term. is used.in the British revenue laws, and is supported by the authority of various writers on commerce.a It is exclusively applied to the common bohea tea, sometimes called mofji or moee by the Chinese; and, consequently, the various instances of the mixtures of teas in China, which are spoken of by the witnesses, as being composed ordinarily of not more than one third part of that 'species, and the residue of old souchong, congo, and others of the higher order of teas, and thus imported into this -country under the name of bohea, must be regarded, in a legal point of view, as being an evasion of the several statutes on that subject.

1824.
Tea.

Mr. Justice STdRY delivered the opinion of the march sTh Court.
The two. hundred- chests of tea, in controversy in this suit, were imported into the city of NewYork, in the'ship Ontario, from China, and entered there at the custom house, and the duties regularly secured as bohea.teas. They were afterwards transported coastWise to Boston ; and upon examination there, under the direction of the collector of the -district, 'they were seized as forfeited, under the collection act of the 2d of March, 1799, ch. 128. s. 67. on account of their differing in de-
a Stat. 43 Geo. II. c. -12. 24 Geo. III. c. 28. Milborne's Oriental Comm rce,vol. H.p. 521. Re'8 Cy/dopedid, art. Tea. Thea. Xorrison's Chinese Dict. art. Tea.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. scription from the contents of the entry. The li-

"

bel states the

00 Cbests of

facts specially, but contains

no

alle-

TeB. gation of an intention to defraud the revenue.

Upon this state of the case, the libel is assailed

for a supposed defect, arising from the absence of

such an allegation. But we think this objection

cannot be sustained. The libel follows the lan-

guage of the enacting clause of the act, which in-

flicts the forfeiture ; and the. exemption from for-

feiture, when the collector or the Court shall be

satisfied that the difference between the entry and

the packages "proceeded from accident or mis-

take, and not from-an intention to defraud the re-

venue," being found in a separate proviso, is pro-

perly matter of defence, to be asserted and pro-

"ved by the claimant, and is not, according to the

course of adjudications in this Court, essential to

the structure of the libel itself. This objection,

then, may be dismissed without further observa-

tion.

Another question, of more serious importance,

is, whether the examination and seiztire authori-

zed by the 67th section of the act, are not limited

to the collector of the district where the goods

were originally entered and the dutics secured,

upon importation; and so the case made by t!he

libel is not within the purview of the act, whatever

.might be the authority of the collector to seize for

forfeitures generally, and to assert the claim in a

libel, properly framed for such a purpose. The

decision of this question would require a very mi-

nute and critical examination of the whole revenue

and coasting acts; and- as the Court can satisfac-

OF THE UNIT.ED STATES.

torily dispose of the cause upon the merits, in point 1824.

of fact, it is deemed unnecessary to institute so la- .oo Chem af

borious an inquiry.

Te

The claim admits, that the teas were imported

and entered as bohea teas; and asserts, that they

are of the kind and denomination called bohea

teas, and not of a different kind or quality of teas;

and this forms the maiu point in controversy be-

tween the parties. One of the earliest acts of

Congress, (the act of the 20th of July, 1789, ch. 2.)

imposes duties on teas in the following.words:

"On bohea tea, per pound, six cents; on all sou-

chong or other black teas, per pound, ten cents ;

on all hyson teas, per pound, twenty cents; on all

other green teas, per pound, twelve cents." The

act of the 10th of August, 1790, ch. 39. varied the

duties, but retained the same descriptions. The

actof the 29th of January, 1795, ch. 82. declared

that "teas commonly called imperial, gunpowder,

or gomee," should "pay the same duties as hysou

teas." The act of the 3d of March, 1797, ch. 64.

laid an additional duty of two- cents "upon all bo-

hea tea." And the act of the 27th of April, 1816,

ch. 107. urider which this cargo was imported, le-"

vies duties oil "bohea, twelve cents per pound;

souchong and other black, twenty-five cents pcl

pound; imperial, gunpowder, and gomee, fifty

cents per pound; hyson, and young hyson, forty

cents per pound; hyson skin', and other green,

twenty-eight cents per pound." The, legislation

of Congress here detailed, exhibits a progressive

discri'nination'in.the kinds of green teas, but leaves

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1324. the black teas with no other specific discrimination

2x0O.0i.C-h-ests o.f, than that of bohea and souchong.

Tea.

The argument on behalf of the United States,

is, that the twc) hundred chests of tea, now in con-

troversy, are in reality simple congo tea, and not

bohea ; that the latter is a pure unmixed tea, entirely distinct from congo, and known in China by

an appropriate name; that it is to this pure and

unmixed bohea tea, that the successive acts of

Congress refer, and not to any other mixed tea,

though known by the common denomination of

bohea. If we were to advert to scientific classifi-

cations, for our guide on the present occasion, it is

most manifest, from the works cited at the bar,

that bohea is a generic term, including under it all the black teas, and not merely a term indicating

a specific kind. * But it tppears to us unnecessary

to enter upon this inqu; y, because, in our opinion,

Congress must be understood to use the word in

its known commercial sense. The object of the duty laws is to raise revenue, and for this purpose

to class substances according to the general usage

and known denominations of trade. Whether a

particular article were designated by one name or

another, in the country of its origin, or whether it

were a simple or mixed substance, was of no im-

portance in the view of the Legislature. It did not suppose our merchants to be naturalists, or geolo-

gists, or botanists. It applied its attention to the description of articles as they derived their appel-

lations in our own markets, in our domestic as well as our foreign traffic. And it would have

been as dangerous as useless, to attempt any other

OF THE UNITED STATES.

439

classification, than that derived from the actual 1824. business of human life. Bohea tea, then, in the 200 Chestsof sense of all our revenue laws, means that article Tea. which, in the known usage of trade, has acquired that distinctive appellation. And even if the article has undergone some variations in quality'or mixture, during the intermediate period from 1789 to 1816, when the last act passed, but still retains its old name, it must be presumed that Congress, in this last act, referred itself to the existing standard, and not to any scientific or antiquated standard.
The true inquiry, therefore, is, whether, in a commercial sense, the tea in question is. known, and bought, and sold, and used, under the denomination of bohea tea. We'think the evidence on this loint is altogether irresistible. It estallishes
that the bohea tea of commerce is not usually a distinct and simple substance, but is a compound made up in China of various kinds of the lowest priced black teas, and the mixture is of higher or lower quality, according to the existing state of the market. Indeed, from the uniformity of its price in the midst of great fluctuations in the prices of all other teas, it seems rather'to indicate the lowest quality of black teas, than any uniform compound. It is accordingly in proof, that old congo teas are often sold as bohea, and have sometimes been imported into our market under thatdenomination. In short, whenever black teas are deterioated by age, or are of the lowest price, they are mixed up to form bohea for the market, and are suited to the demand and wishes of the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1284. purchasers. It is not meant to affirm that there 2200-0CChehstes.o,f. is no such simple and distinct tea known as bohea.
Tea. All that the evidence justifies us in saying is, that this is not the common bohea of commerce. The latter may or may not be a simple substance, according to circumstances. The generic name bohea, comprehending under it all the varieties of black teas, whenever they are at the cheapest price in the market, or are of a very.iiferior quality, or are mixed up for sale, they lose their specific names, and sink into the common denomination. Such is the conclusion which, in the opinion of the Court, the evidence in this record justifies and requires. It is true, that the Boston witnesses very strongly state that the present teas are pure unmixed congo; and their testimony is entitled to very great consideration, from their personal respectability as well as their long experience. But the New-York witnesses speak with equal positiveness and point, that the present teas are the common bohea of the market, and have been bought and sold as such without hesitation. These witnesses, also, are entitled to entire credit, for the same reasons; they have had great experience, and are of unquestioned credibility. In this apparent conflict of, competent and credible witnesses, the only way of reconciling the testimony, is to suppose thaut they do not speak ad idem; that the Boston witnesses speak to the specific nature of the particular teas in controversy, and the New-York witnesses to their known commercial denomination in their actual state, In

OF THE UNITED STATES.

this way of considering the testimony, the conflict 182.

exhibits more a matter of apparent than real di- baChestdo

versity of opinion. But if it be not thus recon- Tea.

cilable, it appears to us that the weight of the

evidence is so strong, that teas of this description

haie been long impQrted into our market as bohea,

that no Court of justice would feel itself authorized

to inflict the forfeiture under the statute, upon a

presumed intentional violation of its provisions.

There is, indeed, something that applies still

more forcibly to the claimant, under thes6 circum-

stances, than applies in common cases. He came

into the tea trade since the peace of 1815, and

has been most extensively engaged in it. At the

time of his first commercial enterprise, teas of

this description were publicly and commonly im-

ported into New-York as bohea, and had acquired

a known eommereial character. He -acted upon

this settled usage; and if the present seizure can

be sustained, he is to suffer for a forfeiture, which

be had no adequate means to avoid, and cQuld not

have foreseen.

Then, as to the intention of fraud.. It is said

that these teas were imported in congo chests,

covered with a thin paper, for the purposes of dis-

guise, and that, upon inspection, it is clear that

the original congo- still remained in the chests.

The circumstance that .these are congo chests,

whose structure is perfectly known, would not

justify the-conclusion that there was an intention

to defraud the revenue, since that structure might

attract observation, and thus lead to immediate

VOL. IX.

56

442"

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. detection. It would have been more natural to
_have.disguised congo teas in bohea boxes. But Tea the -d-ificulty that lies in the argument derived from this source, is, that upon opening the chests, the contents are proved to be exactly what the New-York witnesses'call bohea, and the Boston witnesses congo. .So that the question of fraudulent disguise depends upon the'fact, whether the teabe or be not hohea; and if it*be settled to be the-latter, then the .suso 'on from this circumstance vanishes.. The same answer niay be given to all the other circumstances relied on as badges bf fraud. They'.become utterly unimportant, if there was note real misrepresentation of the quality:of the tea. There is one, cogent fact, which presses with peculiar weight in the consideration of. this part of the case. It is, that after the present seizure
was made, and the whole train of suspicions disclosed, the remaining teas, of the same denomination -nd importation, which- were yet in the
public stores at New-York, underwent a strict examination there under the authoity~of the officers of the customs. The result of that examination was an unequivocal opinion, that they-were the common bohea of commerce; and this result being communicated .to the. government, no farther proceedings were thought necessary to vindicate its rights.
But another'fact, which is decisive against the supposition of a fraudulent intention, is, that the teas were purchased 'inChina as'bohea, at the usual bohea price, nnd upon their importation into

" OF THE UNITED STATES.

440,

New-York, were there sold at the usual bohea 1824. price. They were sold at prices from thirty-one to £00 Chestsof thirty-six and a half cents per pound, when, at the Tea. same time, and in the same place, congo sold at forty-eight cents per pound. This is not a matter of doubtful or equivocal evidence; it is admitted and proved in the most positive manner. What then could have been the inducement to fraud? Men do not perpetrate frauds upon the revenue from the mere love of mischief, or the wanton disregard.of duty. There must be some leading interest, some enticing object in view, to lead them to such a violation of social law and moral sentiment. In the present case, no such motive could exist, for the whole conduct of the party is at war with the supposition. Nay, more, the perpetration of the fraud would have been against' his interest. We do not here allude to his private reputation as an opulent merchant, engaged in an extensive commerce in teas, nor to the powerful influence that, under such circumstances, public
opinion must have upon him, in its stern and severe, though silent rebukes. But his immediate interest in the same trade and in the same voyage, wouldbe sacrificed by such unworthy proceedings. He would hazard large interests upon a paltry saving in duties, from which he could in the end derive not the slightest benefit.
It has been said, that unless -the present libel can be maintained, a wide door will be opened for the admission of frauds in the importation of teas. If this be true, it forms no reason for a different judicial construction of the acts of Con-

444

CASES IN THE SUPREAE COURT

1824. gress, much less for the enforcing a forfeiture ,O.Ces 200 where Chests of the facts swill not warrant it. Congress
Tea. can provide an e*asy remedy, by changing the specific duty to a duty ad valorem, a policy which has already obtained the sanction of other -nations. It is unnecessary to go farther into the discussion of the merits of this case. The judgment of the Court ib, .that the decree of the Circuit Court of Massachusetts, given pro forma, ought 'to be reversed, thejibel of the United States be dismissed, and the 200 chests of tea be restored to the claimant. But the Court are also of opinion that there was probable cause of seizure, and direct it to be certified .upon the record.

Decree reversed.

502 1824.
StepVh.ens D'Car*go.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
[LoCAL LAW.]
STEPHENS, Appellant,
V.
M'CARGo and others, Respondents.

The land law ofVirginia, of 1779, makes a pre-emption warrant superior to a treasury warrant, whenever they interfere with each other, unless the holder of the pre-emption warrant has forfeited that superiority, by failing to enter his warrant with the surla.or of the county, within twelve months afte.r the end of the sessio4 at which the land law was enacted; and on that period having expired, and being prolonged by successive acts, during which timpt there was one interval between the expiration of the law and the act of revival, the original right of the holder of the pre-emption warrant was preserved, notwithstanding that in -rval, the entry of th. holder dT the treasury warrant not havi j been made during the same In-
terval.

Afar l eth. Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi-
ni" of the Court. This is an appeal from a decree pronounced by
the Circdit Court of the United States for the District of Kentucky, directing the appellant to convey to the respondents certain lands mentioned in their bill, and claimed by them under two distinct titles.
The board. of commissioners granted a certificate of pre-emption on the 26th day of April, 1780, to Beinjamin Harrison, for 1000 acres of land, which certificate contained, within itself, a good location.
The entry with the surveyor was made on the 5th day of June, 1786; the land was surveyed on

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the 12th of December, 1187; and the grant was 1824.

issued on the 10th of February, 1789.

The complainants deduce title from Harrison p.

to parts of this land.

D'Cargo

-The appellant claims under a grant.issued on

the 1st day of March, 1784, founded on a survey

of the 14th of February, 1783; and on an ent-y

made the 30th of May, 1780, on a treasury war-

rant.

In an ejectment brought against all the persons

occupying the land covered by his patent, judg-

.mpnt was rendered in. his favour; whereupon, se-

veral of the defendants filed their bill on the equi-

ty side of the Court, setting forth their better titIe'

under the pre-emption warrant of-Harrison, and

praying that Stephens might be enjoined from

proceeding farther at law, and might be decreed

to convey to them, respectively, the lands they

held under Harrison.

An amended bill was afterwards filed, with the

leave of the Court, in which two of the defendants

in the siuit at law, who were not parties to the ori-

ginal bill, united with the original complainants.

This amended bill sets forth, that on the 10th day-

of May, 1780, Richard Barbour made a valid en-

try of 1000 acres 6f land, on a. treasury warrant,

which was surveyed in January; 1786, and patent-

ed in June, 1787. One of the original corn-

plamant , and the two complainants int roduced in

the amended bill, show a regular title under this

patent.

The answer of the defendant put the claims in

issue, and the Court sustained the titleg both QC

M04

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'I

1824.
Stephens
M'C·a,. rgo.

Harrison and Barbour, and directed the defendant, Stephens, to convey to the plaintiffs so much of the land recovered by him in the suit at law, as was held by those titles.

From this decree Stephens has appealed; and
his counsel alleges, that it is erroneous, because, 1. The titles of Harrison and Barbour are uni-
ted in the same bill. 2. Stephens has the better title in equity, as well
as law. 1. As to the form of the proceedings: It may be admitted, that two persons cannot
,unite two distinct titles in an original bill, although against the same person. Such a proceeding, if allowed, might be extended indefinitely, and might give such a complexity to Chancery proceedings, as would render them almost interminable. But
we know of no principle which shall prevent a person claiming the same property by different titles, from asserting all his titles in the same bill. If this principle be correct, tien, as three of the complainants held under both titles, there would be a strict propriety in submitting both titles to the Court.
This would not be questioned, so far as the same land was claimed by both titles. So far as the surveys of Barbour and of Harrison interfered with each other, and the same person held under each, he would be unquestionably correct in comprehending both claims in the same bill. If this were the fact in only a small portion of the land, still the two titles may be brought before the Court; and if this may be done, it would follow, that all who

OF THE UNITED STATES.

505

claim under either, and who areproperly in Court,

may assert their clai.ms .under both titles. But a joint judgment has been rendered at law,
against all these complainants, and they have an un-

questionable right to unite in their application to a Court of equity, f'r an injunction to this judgment. The Court may, consequently, hear the whole cause, for the purpose of determining whe-

ther this injunction shall be perpetuated; and it is a rule, that a Court of equity, which has jurisdic-

tion of a question,. may proceed to its final and complete decision. Directing a conveyance, is only making tlat relief,which would be afforddd by a

perpetual injunction, more complete. We think, that all those against whom the judg-
ment at law was rendered, might properly unite in this bill, aid assert their titles under Barbour and Harrison, or either of them.
We pioceed, then, to the inquiry, whether the

appellant or the respondent have the better title in equity.

This inquiry is confined to that part of the case which respects tfie title under Harrison. Barbour's entry, being prior to that of Stephens, gives a better equitable title, according to the settled course of decisions in Kenthcky, if the entry be'a valid one; as this is admitted to be.
The land law of Virginia, under which all par-

ties claim, makes a pre-emption warrant superior to a treasury warrant, wheneven. they interfere

with each-other, unless the holder of the pre-emption warrant shall have forfeited that superiority, by failing to comply with some of the requisites of

VOL. IX.

64

1824.
Stephei*
V. M'Cargo.

CASES' IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. the law. One of these is, that the warrant shall ' Saephen's" be e~htered with. the surveyor of the county within
V. twelve months after the end of the session bfAsY Carga. sembly in which.the'law was enacted. That ses-
sion ofAssembly ended on the 26th of June, 1779, and, consequently, the time 'given by, this act for making entries, expired on the 26th of June, 1780..
But the Legislature was induced, by weighty, considerations, to prolong this time, and various acts of Assembly were passed, which did prolong it, until after this entry was made. It has been supppsed, however, that there wds, at least, one interval between the expiration of the law and the ·act of revival; and this circumstance gives birth to the present controversy.
The right of the Legislature.to give farther. tiuae for entering pre-emption warrantshas never been drawn into doubt; but th6 influence of such laws on the rights or claims of others, has been questioned. The appellant contends, that by making his entry. on.the 30th bf May, 1780, he acquired an inchoate righ.tto the land, which could be defeated only by such an .observance of the law, on the part of the person possessing tle pre-emption warrant, as would preserve it from forfeiture; and that thie land vested"in him, by virtue of his entry, the instant the f6rfeiture took place.
We will inquire,-hDw far this prinbiple is coun-
tenanced by the words of.the act. When the Virginia Assembly wvas about to open
a land office,. for the purpose of selling the immense tract of vacaht territory within its limits, certain pre-existing rights were recognised and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

affirmed; and others, which had no previous legal existence, were created, and conferred on meritorious individuals, as a reward for the fatigue and hazard encountered in exploring the-countiy. Of the latter description, was the pre-emptive right, given to him who had marked and improved a tract of land. When the Jaicl office was opened, it was opened for the sale of waste and unappropriated land, not for the sale of land already appropriated, or of land, a right to appropriate which was vested by law in another; consequently, no entry, strictly speaking, was authorized, either by the act or the words of the warrant, oi) lands which were not at the time waste and unappropriated.
The words of the law opening the land office, are, "Be it enacted, that any person may acquire title to so much 'waste and unappropriated land, as he or she'shall desire to purchase, on paying the consideration of forty pounds for every hundred acres," &e. The land, then, which was brought intomarketand offered for sale, on which the purchaser might place his warxant, and to which he might .acquire a title, wad "waste and unappropriated land ;" land to which another had by lawa pre-emptive right, could not be of this description. So long as that pre-emptive right continued, it was withdrawn from the general mass of property brought into market and *offered for sale ; it was land to which the power of appropriation conferred by the warrant did not extend.
The idea and intention of the Legislature,. on this subject, is more olearly expressed in the clause

' 1824.
'#Stephens
V. M'Cargo.

508 -
"1824.
'"S-'vtephens
V.e M'C.argo

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
which provides for the disposition of the property in the event o·f a failure to make the entry within the time limited by law. It is in theke words: "And where any such warrant shal not be enter-
ed and located with the cotnty surveyor, within the before mentioned space of twelve months, the right of pre-emption shall be forfeited, and the lands therein .mentioned may be entered for by any other person holding another lan4 warrant; but such pre-emption warrant may, nevertheless, be located on any other waste and unappropriated lands, or upon the same lands, where they -have not, in the mean time, been entered for by some other."
It would be, tt least, useless, to grant an express power to the holder of a common treasury warrant, .to locate the land after the forfeiture of the pre-emption right, if that power had been previously granted .by the genbral clause, which enables him to locate Yvaste and unappropriated land ; and' the limitation on the right of lo~ation," which makes it to commence after the forfeiture of,the'pre-emptive right, is op ,osed to the idea of its pre-existence.
The subsequent words hIuthorize the holder of the' pre-emption warrant to locate it " on any other waste and unappropriated land8, or upon the same lands, where they havo not, in the mean time, been entered for by some other." . There can be no doubt that the words, " in the mean time," do of themselves import that interval which occurred.between the forfeiture of the preemption right and the re-entry of ihe warrant.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.509

Only an entry.made in this interval, obstructs the re-entry which may be made by the holder of the pre-emption warrant. If the sense of these words could be rendered still plainer, it would be done by considering them in connekion with the other parts of the seritence. The entry which is preserved and protected against the re-entry of the pre-emption warrant, is that which had just before been authorized; that is, an entry made after the right of pre-emption had been forfeited. If the pre-emption warrant of Harrison had been reentered, and had come in conflict.with the entry
of Stephens, made prior to its forfeiture, it must have prevailed, or .the words of the law have been entirely disregarded. The act of Assembly, prolonging the time for making his entry, is certainly equivalent, while in force, to a re-entry made by himself without such act. It was in force when his entry.was made, on the 5th day of June, i 786.
Upon the words of the law, then, there can be no doubt respecting the superiority of the title under Harrison, so far as -it depends on the entries. The difficulty is produced by the circumst4nce- that a patent was issued to Stephens before the warrant of Harrison was ent.ered with the surveyor.
The entry of Stephens'was made on the 30th day of May, 1780, before the pre-emptive right of Harrison had expired. The survey was made on the 14th of February, 1783, while the act of May session, 1782, -which prolbnged the time for making these.entries until June, 1783, was in force. The patent issued. on the 1st. of March,

1824.
"St'the"phfins
v. DMCargO.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
SStephens
V.
M'Crgo.

1784, at a time-when the act, passed in 1783, pro-
longing the time for mnakinj entries until nine months after the end of that session of Apsembly, was in fc ce.

-'It is not, we think, to be doubted, that the several act§ of Assembly, prolonging the time for entering pre-emption warrants, have thle same effect, except as. to entries made " in the mean time," that is, in the interval between a forfeiture and arenewal of the right, that would be'allowed to the original act, had it continued in force until after Stephens obtained his patent.
The ict of 1783 expired in June, 1784, and' -was revived andtcontinued, by a subsequent law, until November, 1786. It was during the existence of, this law that Harrison's entry was made.
The pre-existing law was permitted to expire before the act for its revival and continuance was passed; and the appellant, contendy, that this inter al cured all the defects in his title, and placed itbeyond the reach of any-legislative enactment.
In support of. this position, he relies on the prin6iple settled in Kentucky, that a patent is an appropriation of land, and that no subsequent entry can-draw its validity into question. He relies also on the case of Hoofnagle et al. v. Anderson, (7 Wheat. Rep. 12.)
The Court has felt.great difficulty on this point,. The proposition that a patent is an appropriation -of the land it covers, although the proceedings previous to its emanation may be irregular- and
defective, is unquestionably true; but this principle has never, so :far as is known to- th Court,

OF ThE UNrITED STATES.

bcven applied to a case in which the opposing title to the particular land in controversy, had its cornmencement before the patent issued. In the case of Iloofnagle and otlters.v. Anderson, the plaintifl sought to set aside a patent by an entry made after the grant had issued, on a warrant which gave no specific claim to the particular land in controversy, but a general right to locate any unappropriated land in the military district. In tha. case, too, the warrant, under which And rson's patent had been obtained, was issued to an officer really in the Sthte line, but said, by mistake, to belong to the continental line. It was,- originally, equally entitled with that under which Hoofnagle and others claimed, to be placed inth,e military district north-west of the Ohio, and had lost that equal right by an act of the Legislature, not entirely compatible with that strict regard to 'vested interests, which all governments Aieem a sacred obligation. The mistake in the warrant was a plain official error, not mingled with the slightest, suspicion of fraud, and its holder, Who was a purchaser without notice, had lost, in consequence of that mistake, the chance of acquiring any other land. The mistake, too, had done no more than to restore him a right which had been -taken from him, perhaps inadvertantly, certainly with a belief that no injury was done him. *The situation of both Aarties was different in that ease from wIat it is in this. The party whoobtained the patent. had an original right, equal to that of the pdrson who demanded the land.. In

1824. Stephens
. lu'.

51 2 *

5 CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. this case,, the appellant has no such original right.

"S'.Ttphheewnsarra,nt -.

of Hoofnagle and others gave them

V. no particular claim to the land in controversy; but,

APoargo. in this case, Harrison's warrant gave hip, and

those claiming under him, originally, an exclusive right to the particular land in controversy. That
exclusive right, it is true, was forfeitable, ahd was at one time forfeited. But the Legislature,
which created the right, and limited its duration, might, with the strictest propriety, prolong its existence; and might also prescribe the raanner in which the property should be afterwards acquired by any other person. The Legislature has prescribed that manner. It is by an entry made when the pre-emptive right was -forfeited. With
the single exception of the claim given by such an eitry, the Legislature -might certainly remit th9 forfeiture, and rdinstate the pre-emptioner in his original rights.
A title acquired according to law, might very properly be considered. as obstructing the operation of this reinstating act, and be sustained against him; but a title which, in no stage of its progress, was authorized by law, appears under circumstances much less favourable. That patents obtained on improper entries have prevailed against persons whose titles. commenced after such patents have issued, is no authority for the opinion that such patents 'ought to prevail against a title which traces its commencement to a time anterior to the emanation of the patent. The only difficulty in the case consists in connecting the ilght of the pre-emptioner, at the time his

OF THE UNITED STATES.

5138

entry was made, with the original right given by 1824.

the act which opened the land office. That act '-",' "
Stephen
gave the person who had marked'and improved a . v. .piece of ground, the pre-emption to 1000 acres of MICargo.

land, to include his improvement, provided the

warrant was entered within twelve months. That

any act prolonging the time for making this entry,

would continue the original right, is not to be

questioned. It is plainly the intention of the Le-

gislature, and nothing can prevent that intention

from being effectual, but the intervention of some

other title- bhich the Legislature cannot rightfully

remove. The original act shows how that other

intervening title may be obtained. It is by an

entry made while the pre-emptive right had no

existence.

Considering this question as being res integra,

entirely unaffected by the decisions made in the

Courts of Kentucky, the opinion of this Court

would be, that a title acquired while the pre-emp-

tive right of Harrison was in force, could not be

sustained against his entry, if made according to

the act by which his right was continued. We

do not think that this opinion is opposed to the

decisions of Kentucky, because no decision has

ever been made in that country against a pre-

emption fight, properly entered, under the acts of

Assembly for continuing the original law in favour

of a treasury warrant, located while those laws

were in force. Titles under treasury warrants,

entered during the existence of a prior right, have

been sustained against other subsequent entries,

VOL IX.

65

514

CASES IN THE4 SUPREME COURT

1824. made under similar circumstances; but never, so Stephens Sfar as we are informed, igainst that prior right, StphV. if completed according to acts of the Legislature
5Gargo. prolonging the time for its completion.

In the case of Alsted et al. v. Miller, (Hardin, 193:) the Court of Appeals of Kentucky decided in favour of a title founded on a pre-emption %varrant, entered in December, 1782, against a title founded on a treasury warrant, entered on the 9th of*June, 1780. That'case is admitted to differ essefitially from this, because, when Miller's pre-emption warrant was entered, no interval had occurred between the different acts, during which the land might have been legally entered; and because, too, Miller's appears to have been the oldest patent. But in that case the Court decided that the time for entering the pre-emption warrant might be prolonged, notwithstanding the previous entry of a treasury warrant on the same land. The Court observed, that the holders of treasury warrants purchased, subject to the reservations made in favour of pre-emptioners; that the Le-
gislature might have permitted this reserved land to return to the common fund, on the failure of
the person holding the pre-emption warrant to comply with the terms of the law, or might dispense with those terms in his favour, and prolong the time allowed for making his entry. The principle of this decision is, that an entry made during the existence of the pre-emptivp right, is not suci an inceptive title, as could be defeated
only by the performance of the ,condition on which

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the pre-emption right depended, at the time his entry was made. It gave him no rights vhich were not under the control of -the Legislature, and might not be defeated by an act giving the pre-emptioner farther time to enter his warrant.
So far, then, as th6, decisions of Kentucky go, they are rather in favour of the opinion, that the original right of Harrison was preserved, notwithstanding the interval during which it was forfeited, since the entry of the appellant was not made in that interval.

515
1824.
Love
v.
Sinms.

The decree of the Circuit Court affirmed, with cost.

[LoCAL LAw.1
LovE, Plaintiff in Error.
V.
Sirm~s's lessee, Defendant in Erroi.
A question, under the regisu'y acts of Tennessee, whetli r a juntor conveyance registered, should take precedence of a prior unrcgi" tered deed. Rdd. that the rmgiitry did not, uuder the circmwn stances. vest the 111le agaiint the eder deed.
ERROR to the. Circuit Court of West Tennessee.
This cause was argued by Mr. Eaton far the Fdaesd.

658

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. Court, with the requisite certainty; and it may*

Tafterwards,

during the term, according to the rules

of the Court, be reduced to form, and signed by

the Judge ; and so, in fact, is the general practice.

But in all such cases, the bill of exceptions is sign-

ed nunc pro. tune; and it purports on its face to

be the same, as if actually reduced to forib, and

signed, pending the trial. And it would be a fa.

tal error, if it were to appear otherwise; for the

original authority, under which bills of excep-

tions are allowed, has always been considered to

be restricted to matters of exception taken pend-

ing the trial, and ascertained before the verdict.

Judgment affirmed, with costs.

[Pszr.j
The FANNY. The CONSUL-GENERAL OF PORTUGAL, Libelant.
Case of capture by an armed vessel, fitted out in tho ports of tho United States, in breach of the neutrality acts. Claim by tin alleged honie fide, purchaser in a foreign pdrt tbjected, dnd" restitution decreed to the original owners.
A bones fidci purchaser, without notice, in such case, is entitled to bo reimbursed the freight which he may have paid upon the captured goods; and the innocent neutral carrier of such goods, the samo · having been transhipped ina foreign port, is entitled to fre!ght-out oif the gooils.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

6J59

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Maryland. 1824.
The Fanny.
This was the case of a libel filed by the ConsulGeneral of Portugal, on behalf of certain Portuguese subjects, owners of a number of hides which had been brought from St. Thomas to Baltimore in the brig Fanny. The facts proved in the cause, which the Court considered to be material, are the following:
Some time in the year 1817, Robert M. Goodwin, Clement Cathill, Jame Halsey, and John R. Mifflin, all of them citizens of the United States, and denominated "The American concern," fitted out, at Buenos Ayres, a brig, called La .Republiqana, as a privateer to cruise against the subjects of Spain and Portugal, under a commission obtained for her from Jose Arligas. Thus prepared, she sailed under the: command of Obadiah Chase, also a citizen of the United States, and, in February, .1818, she captured the Portuguese brig Aurora, which, with. her cargo, were sent to St. Barts, and there.sold as American property for about 20,000 dollars. With this mbney, thus raised, Goodwin proceeded to Baltimore, and there invested it in the .purchase of a new brig, called the Athenea, which had been lately built at that port. Having changed her name E-othat of the New Republicana, both pri*va.teers-shipped their crews at Baltimore, together with their munitions, of war, except the cannon and carriages for the latter vessel, which,. with'a view of deceiving the custom-house officers, were put on board of a small schooner, and were transferred to this privateer, -a few miles below the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. fort. The commission, t~gether with other papers Sbelonging to the Republicana, were delivered to
'he Fanny. the New Republicana, and both the privateers
proceeded to sea; the lattbr tinder the command of the above mentioned Clement Cathill, one of the own'ers.. She soon after fell in with the Portuguese ship Don Pedro de Alcantara, laden with a valuable cargo of hides, sugar, &c. which she captured on the 22d of September, 18 18, and ordered in to the Five Islands, there to await the orders, of Goodwin. At this place, Goodwin transhipped the principal part of the cargo into several small vessels, which proceeded to the island of St. Thomas, consigned to Souffron & Co., merchantA of that. place.- The residue of ihe cargo, except a small part, which was afterwards taken, together with the *Don Pedro, by Commodore Jolly, commanding a squadron .belonging to the republic of Colombia, was also carried by Goodwin to St. Thomas, in the old privateer,-at which place it is probable the whole or a great part of the captured property was.sold. Nathaniel Levy, the American Consul at that island, purchased 4004 of the hides, which, together with 555 logs of lignum vitte, he shipped in the brig Fanny to Baltimore, where she arrived in January, I1]9, consigned to Lyde Goodwin. On the 21st of, this month, the hides and lignumvitte were libelled as Portuguese property, illegally taken on the high seas, and on the 27th of the same month, the Jignum vitc was released from the operation of the liblel.
To this libel a claim was filed by Lyae Goodwin, as agent of Levy, in which it is asserted that

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the hides had been purchased by Levy, in the re- 1824. gular course of trade,- from Souffron & Co., and "TheFanny. all knowledge of the matters alleged in the libel is denied. On the 15th of March the hides were delivered upon stipulation, having been appraised
at the sum of 1!a000 dollars.
In the progress of the cause in the District Court, the owners of the brig Fanny presented to the Judge a petition, setting forth, -that on the 6th of October, 1818, Nathan Levy entered into a charter-party of affreightment with the petitioners for -the brig Fanny, on certain terms stated in the petition, for a voyage from Baltimore to St. Lucie, and if required, to three other ports in the West Indies, and thence back to Baltimore. That, under this charter-party, the said brig took-in a cargo at Baltimore,and sailed to St. Lucie, and to three other ports, and finally delivered the cargo to the said Levy, who afterwards shipped on board the said brig, at St. Thomas, 4000 hides and 555 sticks of lignum vitea, to be carried to Baltimore, where she arrived on the 17th of January, 1819. That upon her arrival, and when the master was about to-deliver the cargo to the consignee ofLevy, this libel and claim were filed, and the cargo was taken .from the possession of the .master by the Marshal, under the proceqs' of the Said Court. That there was. then due to the petitioners, on the said charter-party, the sum of 2094 dollars 50 cents, as admitted by the said Levy, which they pray may be paid out of the proceeds of the hides and lignum Vit'e. This petitibn Was accompanied by an accountdated the 28th of December, t818,

662

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. signed by Nathan Levy, acknowledging a balance Sof 2094 dollars 50 cents to be due the said brig
The~anny. Fanny on the charter-party. Below this account
is the following entry, not signed by any person: "The freight on the homeward cargo, consisting of 4004 hides and 555 sticks of lignum vztx, S1047 25." The Court made an order that the agent of the claimant should pay the freight on the above goods to the amount of 1047 dollars 25 cents.
The District Court decreed the claimants to pay to the libellnnt the appraised value of the hides, as mentioned in their stipulation, together with interest and costs; after deducting the amount of freight theretofore ordered to be paid. This decree being wholly affirmed by the Circuit Court, upon an appeal, both par ies .appealed from that decree to this Court.

Mr. D. Hoffman, for the libellant, argued, 1. That this was a piratical taking, there being no sufficient evidence of a valid commission., But if the power granting the commission were valid, still the seizure is piratical, as the commission was not only amortised;but transferred to a new ves sel and a new commander, by whom it was abused in the grossest acts of violence, evincive of an ani-. mus depredandi, and which constituted the captors trespassers ab initio.' Had the authority which granted the commission been competent,

a 7 Wheat. Rep. 476. 8 Wheat. Rep.. 11. b 3 Wood.Lec. 14 Johns.Rep. 273.

,OF THE UNITED STATES.

66S

and -the proceedings under it regular, as the laws 1824. of this couintry have boen violated by the captors, TheFany. who are American citizens, this Court will: restore the res capta.'. The appellaint claims the protection of this Gourt; on the ground of his being a b n- fidi purchaser, under a valid condemnation. If this could avait him in law, he has failed in his proof of bonafides. Every circumstance of evidence and pr6bability is against him. Admitting, however, that there was a purchase in good faith, and under entire ignorance of the circumstances, the title of this claimant cannot be valid against that of the original owners, since there was no condemnation in point of fact; and if there had been, still, as-the. taking was either without a valid commission, o. in virtue of an amortised or abused one, the condemnation would be inoperative."
-2. Levy, if free from all blame, cannot sustain his claim,: under the doctrine of market overt. There -can be no such protection for property taken jure be li,.at least until after condemnation; and the doctrine ofmarket overt is itself unknown to the jus gentium.
3. A condemnation is produced, but it is wholly unnecessary to dwell on its operation, since a condemnation, in all respects -valid as between belligerents, cannot deprive ;this Court of its power to

- a 6 Wheat. Rep, 152. 7 Wheat. Rep. 496. 8 Wheat. Rep. 1US. 6 2 Bro. Civ. Lato, 55, 2*52, 253. -268. 461.464. 1 Joms.
Rep. 471. Bee's Rep. so8. 5 Wheat.'RP. s45, s46. "c 2 Wood. Lec. 429. 1 Johmn. Coa. 471. fartens on Prir.
44. Mola. de Jure Mar.57. 60. 68. 85. God. 193. Hob.7.0. 7 'heat. Rep. 490.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. restore, when the original taking was in violation T"he Fanny. onofwouerxlhawibsit.ed, And, secondly, the condemnation
cannot possibly apply to the property in question, as it will be found, on reference to the dates, that this decree of condemnation was some time after Levy's alleged purchase, and, indeed, only a few days prior to the filing of the libel in this cause. But,
4. The main point of inquiry regards the claim to freight. We contend, that the appellant is responsible to us for the entire value of the hides, as the same is ascertained by the stipulation, together with interest; and that the freight bill, though properly paid by the appellant to the innocent ship-owner, cannot now be deducted by this ille-gal captor, from the amount stipulated to be paid by him. Waiving all question which might be made, as to the power of this Court to decree freight in the case, on the ground of incidentaljurisdiction, we insist that the pr9sent is not a claim by the ship-owner. for his freight, but by the appellant, to have the same allowed to him out of this fund, as having been properly paid by him. If this Court reject the clim of the appellant to the property, on the ground of its having been illegally captured, and that this infirmity adheres to the property even in the hands of a boncefidei purchaser, we are at a loss to conceive how this purchaser can rightfully impose any charge or incumbrance whatever upon it. But when we advert to the real character of the appellant, and find him
a -8 Wheat. Rep. 108. 167'. 174.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

665

an unworthy claimant, in truth as much so as' the 1824.

captor himself had been, we cannot suppose that The Fan.' he can be entitled to any favour at. the hands of

this Court. He brought this prize property into

an American port, without the knowledge or privi-

ty of its owner, and surely ought not to claim

either compensation or indemnity, for doing that

which, as to the other party, is in.invitum, and

has proved, in fact, extremely prejudicial to him.

If this be a claim on the fund, it is only so as re-

gards the innocent owner. No lien can be created

by one who has no property, general or special,

in the thing. If a malefidei possessor cannot so

mortgage or pledge the property, as that such

mortgage or pledge shall be valid against the true

proprietor, he is not competent to create any lien,

nor to impose any charge or incumbrance what-

ever. But without pressing this point, we do not

think that the appellant is entitled to be subrogated

to the rights of the innocent ship-owner, if such

right of lien even vested in him. If this claim to

freight were one in rem, as well as in personam,

and the illegal captors, or those claiming under

them, have satisfied the personal obligation, it does

not follow that they can now enforce that lien

against thefunid which it might, argumentigratia,

be admitted that the ship-owner possessed. This

is very unlike the case of a nteutrals claim for

freight on belligerent property captured from him

by another belligerent. The neutral had. a right so

to employ his vessel, subject only to the bellige-

rent's right to make the seizure ; he, therefore, in

such c~tse, takes it cum onere, and must pay the

VOL. IX.-

84

-666

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

i24 neutral his freight. The object -here,-however, is
. F-,y. to transfer the obligation of paying the freight from the illegal captor to the despoiled individual. If.the-controversy were now wholly between the
Portuduese owners of the propert, and the innocent American ship-ownerr the claim might deserve some cobsideration.. In this case, the shipowner is the.agett of the captors, or those claiming under them, not of the Portuguese owner, and as such, must-look to-his employers, -and not to the goods ; and if, in fact, the illegal captor has paid the freight, he cannot thereby entitle himself to be refunded out ofthe fruits of his piratical taking. The claim to freight is always conventional; a claim even to 'pro rata freight, arises from eome convention, and not from the simple fact-of trans-L portation. In this case, no conse& of the owners to the shipment to Baltimore can -be implied. Our claim to the property is disputed on all points; ahd~f non*e of these is found tenable, but the taking is ascertained to be a gross act of piracy, it would be.a strange.ano~naly, that an honest and lawful belligerent must pay freight to a ne utral shipowner, and yet that a piratical captor shall be exempt from charges voluntarily'imposed by him on the property, and. that these shall be cast on those whom he hasondeavoured to despoil.
5. The Court below has, also, manifestly erred in allowing the entire.freight bill, as this includes
a charge on some lignum vitivwhich -formed no part of that which is owned or demanded by the libella*nt.- We, theiefore, ask at the hands of this .Court, the ;whole value of the property, as it is as-

OF TRE 'NITED STATES.

667

L-ertained by the stipulation, together With interest
from its date, so that the claim to freight0may be
wholly rejected. The ship-owner is, indeed, the petitioner for freight in this case; but he has been since paid, and the claim, in truth, is now at the
instance of the captor, who desires to be subrogated to the rights of the ship-owner, and to enforce his lien, if he had one. We have endeavoured to show, that no such right existed, and that if it ever did, the captor is not entitled to receive the bene-
fit ofsuch lien.

1824.
The Fanny.

Mr. Winder, contra,, argued principally upon the facts, to show that the alleged purchase was bonafide.

Mr. Justice WASHINGTON, delivered the opinion of the Court; and after stating the case, proceeded as follows:
The above case presents two questions for the consideration of this Court. 1. Whether the Court below was correct, in restoring to the Portuguese owner that part of the cargo of the Fanny which was restored? And, 2.. Whether the freight which was ordered by the Court to be paid to the owners of that vessel, ought, in whole or in part, to have been dedicted from the appraised value
of the hides ? Upon the first question, it is to be observed, that
the facts above stated are incontestibly proved by the evidence in the cause. That the capturing vessel, the New Republicana, was built at Balti-

arard,ith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18"v,.

. mUnoritee,dpurchased at that place by citizens of the States, and there mannod 4nd fitted for
sea,. armed and equipped a.s a vessel of war, within the waters and jurisdiction of the United States; and with such equipments,.left the'United States, to cruise against the vessels and property of Spanish and-- Portuguese subjects on thb high seas; an'd- pon such cruise, captured the Don Pedro do Alcantara, with a valuable cargo, belonging to Portuguese subjects, were facts too clearly proved to be questioned ; nor were they questioned by the counsel for -the claimants. It is established,, by e-dence equallyclearAnd uncontradicted, that tht

4004 hides which were brought in the Fanny from St..Thomas to Baltimore, upon which the sentence ,:ofthe Court below opeiated, formed a part of the -cargo of the Don Pedro de Alcantara at the time of her capture, and that they were the property of Portuguese subjects.
This, then,'is the case of .property belonging to the subjects of a friendly power, captured on the high seas by a privateer, owned and commanded by citizens of the United States, fitted and equipped as a vessel of war, within the waters-and jurisdiction of the United States; a~ad, .according to the uniform decisions of this Court in. simila- cases, as well as in others, where similar equipments have been made within the waterb of the United, States by foreigners, thd'property so illegally captured and brought within our jurisdiction, must be restored to the original owners, unless it could -bemaintained that the sale of it to the claimant devested those owners of their right

OF THE UNITED" STATES.
to thesame. But it is to be remarked, in the first place, that the asserted purchase of these bides by Levy is unsupported by any evidence. what-
ever. He alleges in-his claim, that he purchased the hides for a valuable consideration from Souffron & Co' in the regular course of trade; but this allegation is not upheld by any written document, or by the testimony of a'single witness. The cause was depending more than two years in the Courts. below, during all which time it was fully in the power of the claimant, a resident of the island of St. Thomas, to have proved the reality of this purchase, by the testimony of the vendors, or otherwise, if thb'fact had been as.it
was alleged. But, admitting the truth of the asserted sale to
Levy, he -was, nevertheless, purchaser from the agent of a tortious possessor of property to which he bad no title whatever, and who, consequently, could transfer none to his vendee. The proceedings in the Vice-Admiralty Court of Margarita, by Commodore Jolly, against the Don Pedro de Alcantara and the small part-of hbr cargo which had not been transhipped at the Five Islands, so far from amounting to a 'sentence of condemfiation, even of the property libelled as prize of war, proceeded upon the grouna of a recapture from a non-commissioned privatder, for which the recaptor was rewarded by a liberal salvage, and the residue of the sales of the property was decreed to the Portuguese owners, in case they should claim the same within the period of a year and a day,. This Court is. therefore, of opififlon that

1-824.

CASES IN THE SUPREME -COURT

1824. the decree of the Circuit Court, so far as it re-

ThheFamny.

stores ceeds,

to

the

libellant

the

4004

bides, or their

pro-

is right, and ought to be affirmed.

The second question respects the freight, which

the decree of the Court below ordered to be de-

ducted from the appraised value of the hides; and

it is attended by no difficulty but such as arises

from the confinpd and imperfect statement of the

facts appearing in this record. That the freight

of the ligium ite, which did not belong to the

libellants, and against which the proceedings were

abandoned, ought not to have been paid out of

the proceeds of the hides, is a matter which we

think is quite too -lear to be disputed; and we

think it probable that the mistake was occasioned

by air oversight in. the Judge of the District Court, from his not knoWing, or recollecting, when the

petition for freight was before .him,. that the lig-

num vita had been released from the operation of

the libel. The decree, then, must, of course, be

reversed, for ibis reason, and the cause remanded

for further proceedings, in order to ascertain and

separate the freight upon that article, from that

due upon the hides.

But there is, apparently, error in the decree in

respect to' the whole of the freight, *which, it is possible, may be explained and'removed by a fur-

ther examination of this subject in the Court helow. - The petition for freight claims the precise sum ot 2094 dollars and 50 cents, as the balance

.acknowledged to be due by the claimantr and the

account, signed by him on the 28th of December,

1818, which accompanied the, etiti0n- amounted

OF THE- UNITED STATES.

to an acknowledgment that that sum was then due. The- items of that account are, freight on 1095 barrels of flour, out and home, per charter-party, 5 cases of furniture, 36 bags of corn, and 7 days demurrage. Below that account is stated the freight due upon.the hides and lignum vitae, amounting to 1047 dollars and 25 cents. It would seem,
therefore, as if the freight upon the hides and lignum vite, which arrived in Baltimore some time in January, 1819, was not included in the account signed by the claimant, and if so, it was not claimed to be due, nor required by the petition to be paid. Yet the order of the Court was, that it should be paid, and it was accordingly deducted from the appraised value of the hides. If the case should turn out to be suqh as is above supposed, it would seem to warrant the conclusion, that the freight upon the hides had been paid by Levy, in which case it ought not to be deducted from their appraised value, unless the reality of the asserted purchase of the hides .yLevy should' be made to appear to the satisfaction of the Court below, without which, 'weare of opinion that he is to be considered as a male fidei possessor, and, consequently, as not efititled to be reimbursed the freight so paid, outof the propelfty of the Portuguese owners. If, on the other hand, it should appear that the claimant was a bone fidei purchaser of the hides, without notice, or that the freight .upon them had not been paid by.him to the owners of the Fanny, then it was properly de-
ducted.

1824.
TThee aFaynny.

672 1824.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
DECRE. This cause came on to be heard, &c, On consideration whereof, it is MECREED and onDERED, that so much of the decree of the said Circuit Court as' ordeis that the claimant pay to the libellant the appraised value of the hides, in the proceedings mentioned, .together with interest and costs of suit, be, and the same is hereby affirmed, with costs, subject, however,' to such dedtr.,tion for freight as the said Circuit Court may hereafter direct, to be paid out of said appraised value,' as may be hereafter decreed under the further proceedings in this cause: And as to so much of said decree of said Circuit Court, as directs the umount of freight to be deducted, agreeably to the previous ordpr of said Circuit Court,. the same is hereby reversed and annulled. And it'is further ORDI)RD, that said cause.be remanded to*the said Cir4%'.Court; for further proceejigs to be had &etoii, according to law) for the purpose-of ascertaining, upon fuitner proof, wbethr.the claimant h.d '.gid the freight.of-the hides to the owner of.*he hItny; and, if'sf k'whether the claimant was a boivr fidei purchaser of said hides, without notice. And if the. said Court should be satisfied from such further- proof, that: the 'said claimant, Nathawq .Levy, has paid the owner of the Fanny
foy said freight, or that-he was not such bonrjfidei purchaser, without n'otice, -then with instructions .notoallow a deduction of. freight froth the said 'appraised value. But ifthe said claimant was spch&inna fidei purchaser, without notice, or if said freight had not been paid.by said claimant to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the owners of the Fanny, then the freight torthe hides, excluding the freight on the liguumvif to be deducted from the .appraised value of said hides.

1-824.
Danforth
V. We.

[LociL LAW.]

D-4.FORTH V. WFkR.

The acts of Assembly of North Carolina, passed between the years 1788 and 1789, invalidate all entries,, surveys, and grants; of land ivithin the Indian territory, which now forms apart of the teritory of the State of Tennessee. But they do not avoid entries com"mencing without the Indian boundary, .and running into it, to far ps respectsthaip'.tion 6f the land A.ituhte hout their terriory.
The act of North Carolina, of 1784, authorizing the remoying-.of warrantzs which had beeh Iocaed ppon lnds prevwously, takhn up, so as to place them upon vacandlands, did not repeal".ty 1rplication, the previously existing laws, Pvhich probibitgd iurveys of lal within the Indian boundary. The lands to which such removals are made, must be lands previously subjected to entry and survey.
ERRQR to the Circuit Court of Wdst Tennessee.

This cavise was argued 4t the last term,. and Fe. 1 again argued at the present term, by the Attornz&jGeneral 4nd Mr.' wann,, for the plaintiff, naa' by Mr.. Will4.ms, for the defendanX.

a They cited 2 Tenn. Ref. 157. N. ..Rep. in Confer. 440.

i Tenn. Rep. so. b He cited Prestdn v. Browder, 1iFWat Rep. 115. Dahforih

v. Thomas, Id. 155.

VoL. IX.

85

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the owners of the Fanny, then the freight torthe hides, excluding the freight on the liguumvif to be deducted from the .appraised value of said hides.

1-824.
Danforth
V. We.

[LociL LAW.]

D-4.FORTH V. WFkR.

The acts of Assembly of North Carolina, passed between the years 1788 and 1789, invalidate all entries,, surveys, and grants; of land ivithin the Indian territory, which now forms apart of the teritory of the State of Tennessee. But they do not avoid entries com"mencing without the Indian boundary, .and running into it, to far ps respectsthaip'.tion 6f the land A.ituhte hout their terriory.
The act of North Carolina, of 1784, authorizing the remoying-.of warrantzs which had beeh Iocaed ppon lnds prevwously, takhn up, so as to place them upon vacandlands, did not repeal".ty 1rplication, the previously existing laws, Pvhich probibitgd iurveys of lal within the Indian boundary. The lands to which such removals are made, must be lands previously subjected to entry and survey.
ERRQR to the Circuit Court of Wdst Tennessee.

This cavise was argued 4t the last term,. and Fe. 1 again argued at the present term, by the Attornz&jGeneral 4nd Mr.' wann,, for the plaintiff, naa' by Mr.. Will4.ms, for the defendanX.

a They cited 2 Tenn. Ref. 157. N. ..Rep. in Confer. 440.

i Tenn. Rep. so. b He cited Prestdn v. Browder, 1iFWat Rep. 115. Dahforih

v. Thomas, Id. 155.

VoL. IX.

85

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUtT

1824.
Dawfbith y
Wear.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is one of those cases which not unfrequently occur, in which, for want of the scrutinizing 6ye of the party interested to maintain a judgmeit below, the Court there is n'Mdc to appear to have given a decision very different from that actually rendered. But, whatever may be the opinion of this Court, independently of the record, we are concluded by the bill of exceptions, and must decide according to those questions which the record presents. I The parties are citizens of the same State, but jurisdiction is given to the Courts of the United States, by the fact.of their claiming title to the land in controversy, under grants from different States, to wit, the States of North Carolina and Tennessee.
The facts stated in the bill of exceptions, taken in connexion with the laws of the two States and public treaties,, sufficiently exhibit to this Court, that the grant from the State of North Carolina, under which.the plaintiff made title, although commencing in, and embracing, a tract of country over which the Indian title had been extinguished, yet extended into, and included, a large body of land, over which the Indian title existed at the time of the survey, but has since been extinguished. Had the case, then, set forth that the lan.d covered by the defendant's grant lay within the country,
which was subject to the Indian title, at the time of Danforth's grant, and bore date subsequent to the extinguishment of the Indian title, it would,

OF THE U nTED STATES.

675

probably, have exhibited a true view of the case which the Court below was called on to decide.
But, so fat from exhibiting this State of the case, the facts admitted, not only do not confine the controversy to the tract of country that lay within the Indian boundary, but, taken in iheir literal meaning, expressly admit the contrary.
The vords of the admission are, "that the defendant was in possession of tke land claimedby the plaintiff." And when we come to inquire what land the plaintiff claims in the suit, we find it to be the whole 100,000 acres, "the beginning corner of which, and a portion of the land covered thereby, lay in a tract of country to which the Indian title had been extinguished, prior to making the survey and issuing the grant.
Here, then, we have the parties, contrary to all the probable truth of the case, contending about a title to land lying without the Indian boundary at the time it was surveyed for the plaintiff in ejectment.
But we must take the case as we find it on the record, and decide accordingly.
IIappears, then, that the plaintiff's grant was rejected in the Court below, and not permitted to be read to the jury. This rejection could only be sustained upon the ground that it was wholly vcid, -or wholly inadmissible in that cause. For if the grant was good but for an acre of the land claimed in the action, the Court could not have withheld it
frm.the jury.. As to lands surveyed within the Indian bounda-
TY, this Court has never hesitated to consider all

1824.
Danforth
7.
Wear.

676

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. such surveys and grants as wholly void; but an Danfrorth Sthe total rejection of the :grant, according to the
1,. case stated, goes to its validity as to that part-of Wear. the land also which lay without the Indian boun-
dary, there must be-found some other ground for sustaining the decision, than that which invalidates surveys executed in the Indian territory.
In the present case, there can be but two such grounds 9upposed to exist; either that there was no law au.thorizing the survey in any part of the land granted, although without the Indiain boundary, or, that the whole was affected by the illegality, of that part which extended, within that boundary.
-It!was in the first of these alternatives that the Court held the -case under advisement from the last term. In the case of Danforth v. Thomas, (1 Wheat. Rep. -155.) this Court threw out the suggestion, that a grant of land must have some sanction created by statute. As relates to the present subject, it did not appear that any law had been passed, subsequent to the extinction of the Indian title,. by which this recent purchase was authorized to be taken up under W'arrants.
But the Court, upon consideration; are satisfied, that under the laws and practice affecting the lands in qudstion, the extension of the county line subjected the lands purchased. of the Indians, to the general land laws of the State. By the 3d seetion of Gbe act of 1777, entries are permitted within any county of the State, and'the creation oi counties has always,, in that State, been held

OF THE UNITED STATES.-

677-

to-bring the vacant lands within the county under - 1824.

the operation of that act..

·

Dan forth

On the second iilternative, it was contended in v. argument, that the'survey was not in its inception 'Wear.

invalid; that it was' good as to part, because out

of the Indian boundary;,afid -as to the residue,

was made good under the general provisions of

the laws of North Carolina in favour of removed

warrants; that, at most, it was only suspended by

the Indian title, and attached legally and 'effec-

tually to the soil, as soon as the interposing title

of the Indians was removed.

In the two cases 9f Presto&v. Browder, and

Panforth'v. Thomas, decided in this Court in

1816; (1 Wheat. Rep. 115.155.) the inviolability

of the Indian territory is fully recognised: It was

the law.of the land, as adjudged ift the case of

Avery v. Strother,decided-in'the North Carolina

Court of Conference, in-180. Indeed, the State

of No th Carolina appearq to have been sedulous

in her efforts to prevent encroachments upoft the

Indian hunting grounds, and -her laws-are express

and pointed in invalidating entries and graits

made within such reservations.

ttit the present-grant commences in h .traot of

country over which the Indian title was extinct;

and whatever might be the state qf right, were the

beiinning. corner within that boundary. and a

portion of the land beyond it, we see nothing in the

lawa of-Nortli Carolina or Tennessee, to avoid a

grat in the whole, when it com"mences legally,

and'POnly coverl in part the-lands &nwhich sur-

veys are prohibited. Forthat part, therefore, which

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Dan forrth
v. Wear.

lies without the boundary, the grant must be held
valid, and this alone entitles the plaintiff to a reversal. But as the cause must be again tried below, and the question on its validity as to the re-
sidue, as presented by the bill of exceptions, has been argued fully, and must arise again, we will now consider it.
The points made by the plair'tiff's counsel are stated by himself thus :
1. That the State of North Carolina had a right to issue the grant in question, and the Court erred in not suffering it to be read.
2. That the grant was good as to that part of the land to which the Indian title was extinguished.
3. That the grant, oeing founded on a removed warrant, was good for the whole land.
To the first and second of these positions we have expressed our assent, and only the third remains to be disposed of,
Tis rests-upon the sixth section of the act of North. Carolina, of 1784, entitled, "an act to prevent the issuing of grants," &c.
By this section, the iight is given to remove warrants which have been located upon lands previously taken up, so as to place them upon vacant lands; and the supposed operative words, in the present instance, are these : '-Shall be at full liberty toi remove his or their warrants to any other lands, on which no entry or entries have been previously specially located ; and the Surveyor, or Surveyors, are hereby authorized and required to survey and make return thereof, in like manner as for other returns and surveys, as by law dieccted."

OF THE UNITED STATES.

-Reference was'had to the act of-1786, and the cession act-on the s-ame· subject, but they add nothing to the provisions of the act of 1784.
The effort is to construe this act as virtually repealing the previously existing laws, that prohibit surveys of .land within the. Indian boundary, and as 6pening the whole State to the right of removing warrants.
We are of opinion, that there are several considerations, which repel this construction.
It is obvious, that the lands to which such removals -are authorized, must be lands.previousik" subjected to entry-and survey, otherwise the absurdity occurs, of a reservation in favour of entries and surveys which the existing laws have declared to be nullities.
Again; "the Surveyors are authorized and required to survey and make return, in like -manner as for other surveys and returns is by law directed." But does any law authorize or enjoin a survey of the Indian country ? or shall this act be construed to enjoin as a duty, that which an existing act pro-
hibits under a penalty? These considerations remove all doubt, on the
correct construction of the law respecting removed warrants; but if doubts did exist, the general pblicy and course of -legislation of che State would forbid such a construction. The purport of the law is, to authorize removals to that land only, which might be at the time legally entered and surveyed by other warrants.

1824.
Danforth
."'
Wear.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
'ine' StewVb.x-t.

We are of opinion; that there is error in the judgment of the Court below, in refusing to let the grant be read to the jury.

Judgment reversed.

(SURETY.)
MILLER V. STEWART and others.
The contract of a surety is to be construed trictly, and is not to be extended beyond the fair scopp of its terms.
Where a bond was given, conditioned fdr the faitbful performance of the' duties of the office bf Deputy Collector of direct tads for eight certain townships, and the instrument of the appointmont, referred to in the bond, was afterwards altered, 'so us to extend to bnother township, without the consent of the sureties, held, that the surety was discharged from his responsibility for moneys sutsequentl collected by his principal.
THIS was a case certified from the Citcoit Court for the District of New-Jergey, 'upon a certificate of a division bf opinion of the Judgoa of that Court. It was an action of debt upon bond, and the material facts disclosed in the pleadings were, that the plaintiff, Ephraim Miner;.being Collector of the direct taxes and internal dutifp for tho fifth Collection District of New-Jersey, by an *instrument of appointment, under seal, and pursuant to law, appointed Stephen C. Ustick his Deputy Collector, for eight townships within his

1824.

CAS.S I THE SUPREME COURT

V. Wattles.

[PSACTJCE.L
M'IVER. and others v. WATtLES.

Whee the writ of: error is dismissed, for want of jurisdiction, no cost are allowed.

ERROR to the Circuit Court fbr the District of Columbia.

Feb. isth. Upon inspection of the record, it appeared that the sum in contrdversy was below one thousand dollars, and, thereupon, the Court directed the writ of error to be dismissed.

Mr. Taylor, for the defenddnt in error, moved for costs.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL said, that i|i all cases where the cause is dismissed for want of jurisdiction, no costs are allowed.

-Iotion'denied.

OF TIE UNITED STATES.

469)

parties to the bill praying a sale of the glebe, than the individuals residing9 within the county. Both were represented in. the onl way known to the laws, by the Vestry duly appointed to manage parochiar concerns. . These are some of the reasons which -have led the Court to the conclusion that has been already stated, to wit, that the Vestry oft the church in ·Alexandria is, in succession, the regular Vestry
of the parish of Fairfax. -This decision renders it unnecessary to con-
sider the other points raised at the argument; and it remains only to declare, that the judgment of this Court .is, that the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the bil, be affirmed with costs.

1824.
Doddridge
v.
Thompson.

[LockA LAW.]
DODDRIDGE v. THOMPSON and others.
Under the reserve contained in the cession act of Virginia, and under the acts of Congressof August 10th, 1790, ch. 67. [xl.] and *of June 9th, 1794, ch. 9Z841xii.] the whole country bing between ai Scioto and Litte Miami rjvers, was subjected to the military warrants, to satisfy which the reserve was made.
The territory lying between two rivers, is the whole country from their sources to their mouths; and if no branch of either of them has acqui.red the name, exclusive of another, the main branch, to its source, must bq considered as the true river.
The actof June 6th, 1812 ch.432. [cix.] to ascertain the western boundary of the tract reserved for the military warrants, and which provisionally designate ud4ow'.q line aq thri wrqtrn linnlary, did

CASES IN TIE SUPREME' COURT

I 82.1.

not invalidate the title to land I)Ptwccn that line and Roberts'

Sline, acquired under a Virginia military warrant, ipresious to tho

Doddridge pa,;atge of that art. * . The land beta en Ludlo's and. Robrts' line wa not withdrawn
Thompson. from the territory liable to be surveyed for military warrants, by

any act of Congress passed betore the act of June 20th, 1815, ch. 43 - . [cix.]

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Obio.

March 0h. This cause was argued by Mr. Clay, for the
plaintiffs, and by the Attorney-General, for the defendants.
3arch l6th. Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the
opinion of the Court. Both parties in this cause claim under grants
made by the United Str .es, in that tract of country which was reserve by Virginia, opt of her cession to Congress, for the purpose of satisfying the claims of her officers and soldiers- on contin'ental establishment. The reserve was at first dependent on a deficiency of good. land, to satisfy those claims, in a territory reserved for the same objects in Kentucky, which was then a part of Virginia; but th'e necessity of making this fact appear, was afterwards dispensed with, and the deficiency wyas admitted to exist. The plaintiff, having the oldest patent, has, of course,. the better title, if his patent be valid.
A case was agreed in the Circuit Court, on which aproforma judgment was rendered for the defendant, which is now before this Court on a writ of error.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

471

The plaintiff claims under a military warrant, issued to one of the officers of the Virginia line, on continental establishment; and the defendant, under a purchase made from the United States, subsequent to the emanation bf the plaintiff's grant. The first question made in the cause is, whether the land in controversy be within the Virginia reserve.- The words are, that if the quantity of land reserved, on the soith-east side of the Ohio, "for the Virginia :roops .oncontinental establishment, should prove insufficient for their legal bounties, the deficiency should be made up to the said troops,.-in good -lands between the
Scioto and Little Miami." In 1790, Congress passed an acta in which,
after reciting that the agents for the troops of Virginia had reported, to the Xxecutive of that State, that there was a deficiency of good lands in the territory reserved on the south-east of the Ohio, and, after directing the Secretary of War iomake a return to the Executive of that State of the number of officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, who served in the Virginia line on continental establishment, it is enacted, "that it shall and may be lawful for the said agents to locate, to and for the use of the said troops, between the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, such a number of acres of good land, as shall, together with the number already located between the said two rivers, and tlhe number alreadly located on the §outh-easterly side of the river Ohio, be equal to

1824.
DDoddigdridgc"
v.
Thompson.

a 2 U. S. L. 179-

472

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. the aggregate amount so to be returned, as afore-

'

said, by the Secretary of the Department of War."

Doddridge In June, 1794, Congress passed another acta

Thompson. on this subject, declaring that every officer and

soldier of the Virginia line, on continental establishment, entitled to bounty lands, between the Scioto and Little Miami rivers, " shall, on producing %thewarrant, or a certified copy thereof, and a certificate under the seal of the office where the said warrants are legally kept, that the same, or a part thereof, remains unsatisfied; and Qn producing the survey, agreeably to the laws of Virginia, for tile tract or tracts to which he or they may be entitled, as aforesaid, to the Secretary of the Department of War, such officer and soldier, his or their heirs or assigns, shall be entitled to, and receive a patent for the same, from the President of the United States."
Under these acts the plaintiff's patent was 'issued: It is not, we think, to be questioned, that under the reserve contained in the cession act of Virginia, and under the acts of Congress which have been recited, the whole country lying between the Scioto and Little Mliami was subjected to the military warrants, to satisfy which the reserve was made, and any part of it might be surveyed for any person holding such warrant. What, is the extent of this country ?
The plaintiff contends, that it is the territo *'between the Ohio, into which both rivers empty, and a line to be drawn from the soire of the main

. a 2 U. . L. 440.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

473

branch of one iiver to the source of the main

branch of.the other,and the ri·vers themselves, from

their sources to their mouths. The Scioto ii a much longer river than the Lit-

tle Mianii, and the defendant has suggested, that

the country reserved may be limited by the Ohio

on one side, and a line drawn from the source of

the Miami to the Scioto, which shall be parallel

with the Ohio, on the opposite side. But this sug-

gestion has not been prested ; and the idea it con-

veys, is directly opposed to the words of the reserve,

and the constructionivhich hasbeen uniformly given

to the-deed of cession by both the contracting par-

ties. The territory lying between two rivers, is

the whole country, from*their sources to their

mouths; and if no fork of either of them has acquired the name, in exclusion of another, the main

branch, to its source, must be considered as the

true river. Any other rule would be arbitrary,

depending on caprice, not on principle.; and the

whole legislation of Congress upon the subject

shows, we think, a disposition to be guided by

this r'easonable rule.

We are relieved from the inquiry respecting the

main branches, of these rivdrs, by the case agreed,

whicIf finds a map, certified by the commissioner

of the land office, dated the 26th of February,

1820 ; and that aline on the said map, marked and

thereon described as Roberts' line, represents a

line extending from the source of the Little Miami

to the sdurce ofthe Scioto, and that the sot~rces of

both rivers are truly shown thereon. Admitting this line.to con Ituie the true boun-

VoL. IX.

60

1824.
Doddridge
v. Thompson.

.474

CASES IN THE SUPILEME COURT

·1824. - dary of the military reserve, the land in controver-

D

td lies Within it; and the plaintiff's patent would,

V. consequently, be valid, if it depended entirely on Ompso. the,original deed .ofcession, and the acts of Con-

gress which have been' recited. 'But the defendant's counsel contends, that as the plaintiff's title
was to be derived from the "government of the Union, it must bave been obtained conformably to
-the laws of the United States,.or. is invalid. It has been very truly observed, that, while the
government of the Union is to be considered an
holding the territory ceded by Virginia, in trust for the.oificers arid soldiers of the Virginia line, so -faras the -reservation for-their benefit extends, it is also to be considered -asboldingthe lands not re-
served, in trust.for the natio'i ; and as being bound by its high duties to execute that trust. Congress, therefore, found it necessary to provide for the sale of the territory not included within the reserve; and its laws made for this purpose may control, and have controlled, the original rights of the mili-. tary claimants, and have established a line between thd sources of the Scioto and Little Miami, different from that for -which the plaintiff contends.
Without questioning the power of the govern-
ment,- the Court will proceed to inquire whether qongress has passed any law, contracting the militaryreserve within -narrower linits than are prescribed by the deed of cession, as herein construed, or has made any provision which, in any manner, affects the plaintiff's grant .
In May, 1785, Congress. passed " a n ordinance for ascertaining the mode of granting lands in the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

475

western territory," in which; for the purpose of securing to the officers and soldiers of the Virginia line, on continental establishment, the bounties granted them by that State, it is ordained', "that no part of the land'between the rivers called Little Miami and Scidto,".oa the north-west side of the river Ohio, be .sold, or in any manner alienated, until there shall first have been laid off and appropriated for the said officers and soldiers, and persons claiming under them, the lands they are entitled to, agreeably to the said deed of cession, and act of Congress accepting the same."
In May, 1796, Congress .passed an act0 for the
survey and sale of these lands, directing the appointment of a Surveyor General, whose duty it should be "to survey and mark the unascertained outlines of the lands lying north-west of the river Ohio, and above the mouth of the river Kentucky, in whicli the titles of the Indian tribes have been extinguished, and to divide the same in the manner hereinafter directed"
The 2d section enacts, "that the part of the said land which. has not been already conveyed," &c., "or which has not been heretofore, and during the present session of Congress may not be, appropriated for satisfying military land bounties, and for other purposes, shall be dividec," &c.
This law, then, vhich gives to the Surveyor Genersi his authority to survey the country generally, and to lay off the lands as prescribed in the act, excludes from this general authority all lands pre-

1824.
Doddxidg¢
T. Thompn.

a 2 U.S.LZ. 533.

CASES IN THE SUPREI1E" COURT

1824. Viously appropriated for militay land ,bounties,

"
Uaddridge

and for

other

purp6ses;

and,

consequently,

ex-

V. cludes the lands between the Sci'oto.ana the'Little

Thompson. Miami.

In May, 1800; Congress passed an act0 providing further for the sale of these lands, and establishing for that purpose four land officea. The places at which 'these offices shall be fixed are designated in the act, atd the district, of country attached to each, is described. Neither of these districts comprehends. any lands between the Scioto and the Little Miami. The Surveyor General was not aufhorizied to survey any lands within the military reserve, norwtts the sale of such lands authorized at anyof the land offices. Inthe execution of this.act,
the Surveyor General caused a line to be ffin from the source of the Little Miami towards what he stqpposed to be the source of the Scioto, which is de-
nominated Ludlow's line, and surveyed tliq lands west of that line in .sections and parts of sectiona as prescribed in the act of Congress.
In March, 1804,b Congress passed a law for ascertaini'ng the .boandary of the-land reserved by the Stat6 of Virginia for military bounties, which pnacts, "that the line run under the.direction of ,the Surveyor General of the .United States, from the source of the Little Miami towards tie source
·of the 1cioto, and wlhich bids,. on the east, the surveys of the lands of the United States, shall, together with its course continued to the Scioto river, be 'considered and held as the westerly boun-

a 3 U..L.385. 3 U. 8.L 592

OF THE UNITED STATES.

477

dary line, north of the source of the Little Miami, 1824.
of the territory reserved. by the Stateof Virginia.., 'Dodlrej
between the Little Miami and the Scioto rivers, v. for the use of the officers atid soldiers of the continental line of that tate : Provided, that the State of Virginia shall, within two years after the passing of this act, recognise such line as the boundary of the said territory." The line mentioned in this act, is called.Ludlow's line.
This act shows, we think, very clearly, that. Congress did not mean to assert a power to fix the western boundary of the military reserve. The
deed of cession, and the act of acceptance, were considered as forming a contract respecting a territory, the western line of which could not, at the time, be fixed with precision, and which was unavoidably described in terms requiring subsequent
3xplanation and adjustment. This adjustment was to be made, not by one of the parties, but by both; and this act is an essay -towards it. Congress makes a proposition to Vi'ginia, hy which the United States are tb be bound, provided Virginia accepts it within two years. If it be not accepted within that time, the parties stand on their original rights, -as if.it had never been made. This is a very fair and equitable proceeding on the part of the government, and is founded on the idea that the rights of the parties are equal. Had Virginia accepted this proposition, it would have becoiie a contract, and Ludlow's line would have been -established as the western boundary of the military reserve; the land in controversy lying west of that line, would not have been liable to be surveyed to satisfy the plaintiff's war-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. rant. But Vi-ginia did not accept the propositioi, ' "-" and the rights of the parties remained as if it had
Doddridge
v. never been made. Thompson. In 1812,aCongress made another effort to esta-
blish this line. The President was authorized to appoint three commissioners, to meet commissioners to be appointed by Virginia, who were -to agree on the western line of the military reserve, and to cause the same-to be surveyed and marked out. Should commissioners from Virginia fail to meet them, they were to proceed alone, and make their report to the Executive. In the mean time, and until the iine should be established by consent, Ludlow's line was to be considered as constituting the western boundary of the Virginia reserve.
The commissioners of the United States were met by those of Virginia, and they proceeded to ascertain the sources of the two rivers, and employed aMr. Charles Roberts to survey and mark a line, from the source of one to that of the other. This line is called Roberts' line, is reported by the commissioners to the Executive, and is found, in the case agreed, to represent truly a line drawn from the source of the Little Miami to the source of the Scioto. The Virginia commissioners, howeverl efused to accede to this line, and claimed to run, from the source of the Scioto, a straight line to the mouth of "the Little Miami; which would pass south of that river, and include a "considerable tract of country not lying between that river and the Scioto. This demand prevented an agree-
a 4 U.S. L. 455.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

479

went establishing Roberts' line; and as thd act of June, 1812, provisionally designated Ludlow's line as the western boutidary of' the reserve, unfil one should bb fizally established, with the consent of Virginia, it reniains-the botimiirry.fbr the present. Had the -plaintiff's title beei-acquired subsequent to the. passage of this act, there would be much force in the objection to it; but it..was acquired before-this act .passed, and ci.nnot, wcthink, beaffected by it.. Congress cEnnot have intended to annul, by a legislative, act, a title which was valid at the time; and a law which doe. not express that intention ought not to have that effect given to it byconstruction. If the words of the act of 1804 were doubtful, which they are not, the act of 1812 would expound them, and show that noteven a temporary boundary had been pre-. viously fixed. The appointment of commissioners to meet others to be appointed by Virginia, who were to agree upon and mark the true line, and the establishment of a tempotary line till such agreement should be made, prove incontestably, that Congregs did not suppose the'ine to be established. Had the commissioners from Virginia assented to the .equitable proposition. made' by tho~e of the United States, the plaintiff's .patent, founded on a survey made before that time, would be admitted to be unassailable. . -Andytit the land was, - in fact, within the tdrritory actually reserved at the time the survey was made, and no law had then passed substituting any oiher line for the true one. The act of 1812 does not look back, and annul. existing titl6s; it is entirely prospedtive, aid leaves

1824.
v.
Thampsgi.

480

CASES IN THE-SUPREME COURT

1824. prior titles as it found them. If,then,.there be no ''%a other act of Congress, which impairs this patent,
Doddridge
V. it must be considered as valid. TIPmpson. The defendant contends that there are previous

acts, by which the land between Ludlow's and Roberts' lines w°as withdrawn from the territory liable to be surveyed for military warrants. The act of 1804, already mentioned, enacts, "that all officers and soldiers, or their legal representatives, entitled to bounty lands 'within the above mentioned reserved territory shall complete their lo-
cations within three years after the passing of this act," and that the locations made within .tlat part of the territory to which'the Indiqn title has been extinguished, shall be surveyed, and 4he surveys returned to the Departm'efnt of War, within fiye years. The 3d section provides, that such parfs of the territory as shall not have been located, and such part as shall not have been surveyed, and the surveys returned to the Department of War, within the times prescribed. by the act, shall be released from any claim for such bounty lands, and shall be disposed of in conformity with the laws passed for that purpose.
In. March, 1807, an act passed, giving three years farther time for making locations, and five years farther time for making and returning surveys ;" Provided, that no locations, as aforesaid, within the above mentioned tract, shall, after the passing of this act, be made on tracts of land for whiCh patents had previously been issued,* or ovhi.h had beei prtvioutly .urveyed ; and any paWnt Wbiok my noverthoeles be obtained, for

. OF TIE UNITED STATES.

land located contrary to the provisions of this sec-

tion, shall be considered as null and void."

The time for making locations and surveys was farther extended, by subsequent-acts containing

the same "prQviso.

The. defendant contends that this proviso comprehends the land previously surveyed by the

Surveyor General of the United States.

We do not concur in this opinion, for several

reasons.

The words refer to the whole military reserve, and seem intended to apply to surveys which might

be made throughout that entire tract of country, not to the land surveyed in townships, sections,

and parts of sections, by the United States, west of Ludlow's line. There were such surveys.

The records of this Court show, that .many con-

troversies were produced in that country, by the

mode of locating - and surveying military lands,

which had been adopted unde'r the laws of Virginia; and it is not unreasonable to suppose, that

*Congress, when giving farther time to make locations and surveys, might be disposed to cure the

defects in titles already acquired, and to prevent

second locations on lands already located. The

words of the proviso too are adapted to the saving

of private rights. It has great influence, we think, on this ques-

tion, that if the proviso be construed to compre-

hend the surveys made by the United States, it

would amount to the establishment of Ludlow's

line; for those surveys were made up to that line, and would indirectly curtail the Virginia military

VOL. IX.

61

1824.
Doddfidge
v. Thmpson.

482

CASES IN THE.-SUPREDE COURT

1824. reserve. This was obviously not, at that time, Dodddr.iddge~ the intention of the government. Subsequent to
this period, in 1812, commissioners were apThompson. pointed for the purpose of, agreeing with those of

Virginia on the true line, and marking it; who
were directed "to note the intersections, if any, of said line with any surveys heretofore authorized
by the United States." Congress was induced to give farther time for making these locations and surveys, by a just sense of tie real difficulties attending the completion of titles in that country, and an equitable regard for the rights of the claimants. There can be no reason to suppose that it was intended to withdraw one part of the
country from these claims more than, another. -Ifthis intention had existed, it would have been
manifested in more intelligible and direct words. Instead of the ambiguous language used in this proviso, all locations would have been restrained beyond Ludlow's line; Congress would have avowed its intention in plain terms, and would have' effected its object by direct means. But the course of legislation which has been pursued on this subject, the scrupulous regard which t.ho government has shown to the conditions on which the cession of Virginia was made, the liberal and fait offers of the United States, for adjusting the real extent of the reserve, -forbid a construction which would indirectly abridge that reserve.
But were it to be admitted that the proviso does comprehend the lands between the lines surveyed by Roberts and Ludlow, that admission could knot affect this cause. The words of the proviso are, "that no locationsskar be made on tracts of land.

OF THlE UNITED STATES.

483

fbr which patents had been previously issued, or which haa been previously surveyed." The prohibition respects future locations, not future surveys; and the case does not shiwwhen this location was Made. It might have been made previous
to the passage of the act of 1807; and the pre-, sumption of law is, that it was made before that time, since the patent is presumed to be valid, until the contrary is shown.
On both points, the Court is of opinion that the law upon this case is for the 15laintiff, and that the judgment of the Circuit Court, in favour of the defbndants, must be reversed, and judgment entered for the plaintiff.

1824.
"'I V.
Tayloe.

Judgment reversed.

RIGGS V. TAYLOE.
If a party intend to use a written instrument in evidence, he must produce the original, if in his possession. But if it is in the possession of the otherparty, who refuses to produce it, after notice, or if the original is lost or destroyed, secondary evidence (being the best which the nature of the case allows) will be admitted.
The party, in such case, may read a counterl art; or, if there is no counterpart, an examined copy; or, iftno such copy, may give parol evidence of the contents.
Where a writing has been voluntarily destroyed, for fraudulent purposes, or to create an excuse for its non-production, secondary evi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
to said Walker, would protect the-possession under the statute of limitations. It -is, therefore, ORDERED and ADJUDGED, that the judgment of the said Circuit Court in this case be, and the same hereby is reversed and annulled.

5M
1824.
catlm.
V.

[PRACTXCE.]

CATLETT v. BRODIE.

Under the judiciary act of 1780, ch. 20. s. 202. the security to be taken from the plaintiff in error, by the Judge signing a citation oan a writ of error, must be sufficient to secure the whole amount of the judgment, and is not to be confined to such damages as the appellate Court may adjudge for the delay.

Mr. Justice SToRY delivered the opinion of the

Court.

A motion has been made to dismiss this, and

several, other suits, unless the plaintiff in error

shall give new bonds for the prosecution of the

writ, within a limited period, to be fixed by the

Court, upon the ground that the writs of error have

been allowed by the Judges of the Circuit, Court

for the Dis ict of Columbia, upon bonds being

given in. small sums to respond the damages and

costs, the debts secured by the judgments being

veiy much larger.

The judiciary act of 1789, ch. 20. s. 22. re-

quires every Judge or Justice, signing a citation on

VOL. IX.

70

marca un1t.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1-824. -a writ of error, to take good and sufficient 8ecu.. Catlett "rity,that the plaintiff in error "shall prosecute his
r. wrii to effect, and answer all damages and costs, Thodie. if he fails to make his plea good." A writ of
error lodged in the Clerk's office, within tcn days after the rendition of judgment, operates as a supersedeas of execution; and the question arises, whether, in cases where it operates as a supersedeas, the security taken by the Judge or Justice ought not to be sufficient to secure the whole amount of the judgment.
It has been supposed at the argument, that tho act meant only to provide for such damages and costs as the Court should adjudge for thc delay. But our opinion is, that this is not the true interpretation of the language. The word "damages" is here used, not as descriptive of the nature of' the claim upon which the original judgment is founded, but as descriptive of the indemnity which the defendant is entitled to, if the judgment is affirmed. Whatever losses lie may sustain by the judgment's not being satisfied and paid, after the affirmance, these are the damages which he has sustained, and for which the bond ought to give good and sufficient security. Upon any suit brought on such bond, it follows, of course, that the obligors are ot liberty to show that no damages have been suztained, or partial damages only; and for such amount only is the obligee entitled to judgment.
In the present case, and in the other cases which are in the same predicament, the Court di-

OF TILE UNITED STATES.
rects that these suits stand dismissed, unless the plaintiff in error shall g;ve good and sufficient security to-an amqunt to secure the whole judg'?ments, on which the writs are brought, within thirty days from the rising of this Court, such security to be taken and approved by any Judge or Justice by whom a writ of error or citation mnky be allowed.

555
1824.
Cation
.
Brodia.

ORDER. It is ordered by the Court, on motion off Ir. Key, of counsel for the defendant in error, that this cause do stand dismissed, unless the plaintiff in error shall, within thirty days from the rising of this Court, giv e a bond, with good and sufficient security, in due form of law, to prosecute his writ with effect, and to answer all damages and costs, if he fail to make his plea good; the amount of such security to be sufficient to secure the whole judgment, in case the same shall. be affirmed, and be not otherwise discharged; such security to be taken and approved by any Judge or Justice who is authorized to allow a writ of error and citation on the said judgment.

854

CASES IN.THE SUPREME COUR'T

1824.

X0 */[DEsCXNT. M'CVr7e. ery

t ,LIN.]

Somerville

M'CREERY'S lessee v. SOMERVILLE.

The statute of 11 and I Wru. I. c. 6., hich is in force in aryiand, removes the common law disability of claiming title through an alien ancesftor, but does not apply to a living alien ancestor, so
as to create a title by heirship, where none would exist by the common law, ifthe ancestor were a natural born subject or citizen. T.bus, where A. died seised of lands in Maryland, leaving no heirs, except B., a brother, who was an alien, ahd had never been naturalized as acitizen of the United StAtes, and three nieces, the daugiters of the said B., ho were native citizens of the United States: it was held, that they could rot claim title by inheritan.ce, through
B., their father, he being an alien, and still living.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Maryland. The case agreed, stated, that William M'Creery was seised and possessed ofa tract of land in Baltimore county, in the State of Maryland, called Clover Hill, and died possessed thereof about the 1st of March, 181A. He had previously executed an instrument of writing, purporting to be his last will and testament, by which he devised the above tract of land to those under whom the defendant, Somerville, claimed ; but it was witnessed by two persons only, and was, therefore, inoperative to pass lands in Maryland, the laws of which require three witnesses to a will for that purpose. W. MI'Creery left at his death no children, but a brother, Ralph M'Creery, a native of Ireland, who is still living, and who has not been naturalized, and three nieces, Letitia Barwell, Jane M'Creery, and Isabella M'Creery, the latter being the lessQr ofthe plaintiff, who are the daughters of the said Ralph, and native born citizens of the United States.

OF THE- UNITED STATES.

The devisees under the will applied by petition to the Legislature r,1Maryland to confirm the will, and the Legislature, .accordingly,, without the knowledge or consent of the lessor of the plaintiff,
passed an act for that purpose; saving, neverthe-
less, the rights o"all persons claiming title to the lands devised, by conveyance from any ofthe heirs of W. M'Creery. The action was brought to re-cover an undivided third part of Clover Hill.
Upon this case, judgment was rendered by-the Court below for the defendant, and the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court.

1824. v.
somlleTl.

The cause was argued by Mr. Winder, for the Mard, 1i4a, -plaintiffin error, and by Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the , defendant, and continued to the present term for. advisement.

Mr. Justice STOB'Y delivdred the opinion of the reb.s,18s4. Court.

The title of the lessor of the plaintiff to recover in this case, d]epends upon the question,. whether she -can claim as one of the coheirs of her'deceas-
ed uncle, her father heing an alien, and alive at the commencement of the present suit. It is perfectly clear that, at common law, her title is invalid, for no person can claim lands by descent through an alien, since he has no inheritable blood. But the statute of II and 12 Win. II. ch. 6. is ad-

a He cited Co. Litt. 3 b. 1 Sidif. 193. 2 Bl. Cor 226. 249, 250. 257. Bac. Abr. Alien, C. 132. 4 Wheat. Rep. 453. iMass.R,,.179.

356

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

1824. mitted to be in force in Maryland ; and that statute, ' P'Creery beyond. all controversy, removes the disability of
v. claiming title by descent, through an alien ancesSomerville. tor. The only point, therefore, is, whether the

statute applies to the case of a living alien ances-
tor, so as to create a title by heirship, where none would exist by the common law, if the ancestor were a natural born subject.
We have not been able to find any case in Eng-
land, in which this question has been presented for judicial decision. In the case of Palmerv. Downer, (2 Mass. Rep. 179.) in the State of Massachusetts, the facts brought it directly before the Court. but it.does not appear to have attracted any particular'attention, either from the Bar or the Bench. It may, then, be considered as a question of new impression, and is to be settled by ascertaining
the true construction of the statute of William. That act is entitled, "An act to enable his ma-
jesty's natural been subjects to inherit the estate of their ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their father or mother were aliens." The title is not unimportant, and manifests an intention merely to remove the disability of alienage. It proceeds to enact, " that all and every person or persons, being the King's natural born subject or subjects, within any of the king's realms or dominions, should and might, thereafter, inherit and be inheritable, as heir or heirs, to any honours, &c. lands, &c. and make their pedigrees and titles, by descent, from any of their ancestors, lineal or collateral, although the father and mother, or father or mother, or-other ances-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

357

tor, of such person or persons, by, from, through, 1824. or under whom he, she, or they should or might MI'Creery make or derive their title or pedigree, were, or v. was, or should be, born out of tWie King's alle- SomerviHe giance, and out of his majesty's realms and dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as ifsuch father and mo-
ther, or father or mother, or other ancestor or ancestors, by, from, through, or under whom he, she, or they should or might make or derive their -title or pedigree, had been naturalized,or naturalborn subjects." In construing this enactment, ito'ught not to escape observation, that the language is .precisely such as Parliament might have used, if -Lhe intention were confined to the mere removal of the disability of alienage. It declares, that persons might lawfully inherit and be inheritable, as heirs, and make their titles and pedigrees, by descent, from any of.their ancestors, althoughtheir parents were born out of the realm; plainly supposing that they might take as heirs by descent, but for the cirGumstance of the alienage of the intermediate ancestors, through whom they must claim. It speaks of such intermediate ancestors, as persons who were or should be born out of the realm, and it enables the party to take, as heir, as effectually as if such ancestors had been naturalborn subjects. Now, this language imports no more than a removal of the defect, for want of inheritable blood. ·It does not, in terms, create a right of heirship, where the common
law, independently of alienage, prohibits it; it puts, the party in the same situation, ant none

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. -
M'Creery
v.

other, that he Would be in, if his parents were not aliens. If his parents were natural born subjects, and capable to take as heirs of the deceased ancestor, it is clear that he could not inherit by descent through them, as they would intercept the title, as nearer heirs. The only cases in Which he could inherit, living his parents, are those where the common law has priduibited the parents from taking, although they have inheritable blood. Such are the cases of a descent from brother to brother, and from a nephew to an uncle, where the common law has disabled the parents of the deceased brother or nephew from taking the estate by descent, upon the ground that inheritances cannot lineally ascend. (2 Bi. Comm, 208. 212. and Christian'sZMote.) If the Legislature had intended, not only to create inheritable blood, but also to create absolute heirship, some explanatory language would have been used. The statute would have declared, not only that the party should, make title by descent; in the same manner as if his parents were natural born subjects, but that he should be deemed the heir, whether his parents were living or dead. No such explanation is given or hinted at; and if we are to insert it, it is by expounding the lan-
guage beyond its obvious meaning and limitations. We do not feel at liberty to adopt this mode of interpretation, in a case where no legislative intention can be fairly inferred, beyond the ordinary import of the words.
This construction is zkot impugned by the. explanatory act, afterWards passed in 25 Geo. II.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

359

ch. 39. It seems that iucoiveniences were appre- 1824. hended, in case persons should be held by the M'Creery statute of' William, to. gain a future capacity to V. inherit, who did not exist at the death of the per- Somerville. sons last seised. The statute of Geo. II., therefore, after reciting the act of William, declares, that it shall not be construed to give any right or title to any persons to inherit as heirs, .&c. by enabling any such persons to claim, or derive their pedigree, through any alien ancestor, unless the persons so claiming "were, or shall be, in being, and capable to take the same estate as heir,or heirs, &c. by virtue of the said statute, at the death of the person who shall last die seised," and to whom they-shall claim to be heir or heirs. Then follows a proviso, "that in case the person -)r persons who shall be in being, and capable to ake, at the death of the ancestor, so dying seised, &c. and upon whom the descent shall be
cast, by virtue of this act, or of the said recited act, shall happen to be a daughter or daughters of an alien, and that the alien father or mother, through whom such descent shall be derived by such daughter or daughters, shall afterwards have ason born within any of 'his majesty's realms or dominions, the descent, so cast upon such daughter or daughters, shall be devested in favour of such son; and such son shall inherit and take'the estate, in like manner as is allowed by the common law of this realm, in cases qf the bii th of a
nearer . Then follows a 1iruvision for the case of the subsequent birth of a daughter, who is enabled to take as a coheir with the other

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. daughters. It has been argued that this proviso

\

.includes the cases of all children born after the

M'Creery

v. descent cast in the lifetime of their alien parents,

Somerville. and, therefore, supposes the descent may be cast,

notwithstanding their parents arc living. Admitting this to be the true construction of the proviso, and that it is not restrained to posthumous children, the case of the plaintiff is not aided by it; for the clause, that the son shall take, in like manner "as is allowed by the common law, in cases of the birth of a nearer heir, shows that Parliament had in view cases where the children might, at common law, take as heirs, although their parents were living; and yet the common law devested the title, so cast by descent, upon the birth of a nearer heir. For instance, if lands are given to a son, who dies, leaving a sister his heir, if the parents have, at any distance of time afterwards, another son, the common law devests the descent upon the sister in favour of such son, and he is entitled to take the estate as heir to his brother.
(2 B1. Comm. 208. Christian's Note. 5 Co. Litt. 11. Loct. A Stud. 1 Dialog. c. 7.) We think, then, that this proviso does not shake the construction, already given by us, to the statute of William. For, here, the case of after born children is expressly provided for, which would otherwise be excluded by the declaratory clause of the statute; and if it was contemplated that the act of William created a new title, by heirship, independently of alienage in the parents, beyond the rules of the common law, the natural presumption is, that the declaratory clause would.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
in some manner, have expressed that intention. 1 ". So far from affirming a new title, by heirship, it M'Creery asserts that the true construction of that statute v. excludes all persons who-were not in being at the Somerville. time of the ddscent cast, and then " capable to take the estate as heir or heirs, &c. by virtue of the said statute of William ;" and we have already seen, that the terms of that statute give no othet capacity than would exist if the pafents were natural born subjects. The exception, then, of after born children, out of the declaratory clause of the act of George II., carries no implication that the Legislature was dealing with any other cases except those where, if the alien parents were living at the time of the descent cast, the children were capable of taking, as heirs at common law, in their own right, independently of the alienage. Mr. Justice Blackstone, in his learned Commentaries, (2 B1. Comm. 251.) gives n'o explanation of these statutes, which extends them beyond such cases; and his omission to notice the larger construction, now contended for by the plaintiff, would be somewhat remarkable, if that had been deemed the true interpretation of the statutes.
In the absence of all authority, we do not feel ourselves at liberty to derogate from the general doctrine of the common law as' to descents, by incorporating into the statute of William a case which is not within its terms, and is not called for by any-plear legislative policy.

Vot. IX

Judgment affirmed, With costs.
46

OF THE UNITED STATES.. [LocAz LAw.j

1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

KipK and others, Plaintiffsin Error,
V.
SftmT, ex. dem. PENiN, Defendant in Error.

The act of Pennsylvania, of 1779, "for vesting the estates of the late
proprietaries ofgennsylvania, in this Commonwealth," did not con 6scate lands of the proprietaries which were within the lines of manors; nor were the same confiscated by the act of 1781, for-establishing a land office. The staiute ofulinitations of Pennsylvania, of 1705, is inapplicable to an action Qfejectment, brought to enforce the unpaid purchase monay, for landsof the proprietaries within the manors for which warrants had issued. Wor is the statute of limnitations of 1785, a bar to such an action.

ERROR to the Circuit Court of Pennsylvania.

This was an ejectment, brought by the defendant

in error, in the Court below, to recover the pos-

session of certain lanuls in Yorkv county, in the

State of Pennsylvania. On the 4th- of March,

1681, Charles 11. granted to William Penn, the

ancestor of the lessor of -the plaintiff below, that

tract of country which now constitutes the State of

Pennsylvania. , The grant contains special powers

-to erect manors and'to alien the lands, with liber-

-ty to the alienees to hold immediately of the pro-

prietor and his heirs, -notwithstanding the statute

of quia emptors... On the I1th af July, in the

same year, William Penn, having interested many

persons in his grant, agreed with "the paventu-

Vol. IX.

3

242
1824.
Kihrkk
v.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
rers and purchasers" in England, on "certain conditions and concessions," which, being for their mutual advantage, were to be obligatory in the future management of the property and settlement
of the province. The 9th of these conditions is, that "in every 100,000 acres, the Governor and proprietary, by lot, reserveth ten to. himself, which shall lie but in one place." In the year 1762, a warrant was issued for the survey of the manor of Springetsbury. This warrant recites a former survey of the same land, in 1722, as a manor; states the general outlines of such former survey, and directs a resurvey. This resurveying was made, and returned into the land office in 1768, where it has remained ever since. This resurvey included the lands claimed by the plaintiffs in error, which were held under warrants, of which the following is a specimen :
"Pennsylvania, ss: BY THE PROPRIETARIES. "Whereas, lFartholomew Sesrang, of the county of Lancaster, hath requested that we would grant him to take. up two hundred acres of land, situate between Codorus creek and Little Conewaga creek, adjoining the lands of Killian Smith and Philip Heintz, or%the west sidd of the Susquehannah river, in the sdid county of Lancaster, for which he agrees to pay to our use the sum offifteen pounds ten shillings, current money of this province, for each hundred acre ; and the yearly 'quit-rent of one halfpenny sterling for every acre thereof. "These are, therefore, to authorize and require you to survey, or cause to bdr surveyed, unto the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

said Bartholomew, at the place aforesaid, accord-

ing to the method oftownships appointed, the said

quantity of 200 acres, if not already surveyed or appropriated; and make return, thereof into the

secretary's office, in order for further confirmation;

for which this shall be your sufficient warrant:

which survey, in case the said Bartholomew fulfil

the above agreement within six months from the

date hereof, shall be valid; otherwise void.

"Given under my hand and seal of the land

office, by virtue of certain powers from

the said Proprietaries, at Philadelphia,

[L. 5.] this eighth day of January, Anno Do-

mini oile thousand seven hundred and

forty-two.

" GEORGE THOMAS.

"To Wm. PARSONS, Sarveyor General."

In virtue of this warrant, a survey of the land

claimed by Caleb Kirk, one of the plaintiffs in er-

ror, was made on'the 12th of. October, 1747, in

favou'r of Jacob Wagner, the ihen holder of the

warrant, by various mesne transfers. The title

was regularly deduced by various conveyances,

from Wagner to Kirk, accompanied with posses-

sion. No grant was ever issued for the land. Ten

pounds, a part of the consideration, were paid

about the date of the warrant, and there was no

proof ofthe payment of the residue. It appeared

to have been the usage of the proprietaries, not to

insist upon the terms of the contract, by which the

survey was declared to be void, unless the agree-

ment was fulfilled within six months from the date

of the warrant, and large arrearages of purchasf

money remained due after the surveys were made.

24.3
1824.
Kirk
Y.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. Kirr.kk v.
Smitb.

bodli within and without the manors. The only distinction appears to have been, that the reserved
lands were sold by special contract; and the lands not reserved, were sold at stated prices.

At the commencement of the war of the American revolution, the proprietary went to Great Britain, where he remained ; and in the year 1779, the legislature of Pennsylvania passed an act, entitled "an act for vesting the estates of the late propt:ietaries of Pennsylvania, iri this commonwealth." The ejdctment was brought in the year 1819, and on the trial of the cause, the question wlether the land in controversy was included within the lines of the manor of Springetsbury, as surveyed under the warrant of 1762, was left to the jury, who found that it was included within those lines. The opinion of the Court below, was, that if the land was within those lines, the right of the plaintiff below was excepted out of the general operation of the act of 1779, and was not vested in the commonwealth. The court also instructed the jury, that the statute of limitations of 1'705, commonly called the-" seven years law," was inapplicable to the case. To these instructions, the defendant's counsel excepted, and a verdict and judgment for the plaintiff having'been rendered in the Court below, the cause was brought by writ of error to this Court.
.March 141h, The cause was argued by Mr. Clay and Mr.
18s. Webster for the plaintiffs in error, and by the At-

torney General and Mr. Sergeant for.the defendants in error.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

245

On the part of the plaintiffs in error, it was contended, 1. That the rights derived to the plaintiffs below, were proprietary,and not manorial. Being in their origin_ proprietary, they were not, and could not be, affected by the survey of a manor in 1768, subsequent to their commencement.
2. That the rights, being proprietary,and not manorial, vested in the Commonwealth of Pensylvania, by the right of conquest, and the act of confiscation of 1779. The 7th section confirms all persons, and, consequently, the plaintiffs below, in their rights, derived from the proprietaries. The act must be -construed according to its intention, ascertained by a comparison of all its parts. The intention was to confiscate the proprietary rights, wherever situated; and to reserve the private or Manorial rights,. wherever located. -If a proprietary right was situated within a manor, it was to be confiscated. If it were part of the manor, that is, of the right springing out of the manor, it was .reserved. There is no reservation
to the pr6prietaries of the arrears of purchase money due within manors. There is only an exception from the operation of the abolition of quitrents and arrears of purchase money, within manors; and this exception must be construed to mean the case of lands bought as part of the manor. It would be to contradict the whole scope and meaning of the act, to construe it as abolishing proprietary rights every where but in manors, and to leave. them there in full vigour. According to this view of the act, we shall have a consistent and congruous interpretation. The pub-

1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

246

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Kirkk
V.
Smith.

lie rights of the proprietaries, wherever situated,
will have been confiscated; and the private rights, wherever situated, will have been preserved. The Court will look to the nature of the thing, and

not to the accident. If a proprietary right be situated within a manor, it will be abolished, because it is proprietary. Such is the construction which the local Legislature itself has put upon
this statute, by the act of 1781, for establishing the land office,a and by the act of 1784V These acts are cotemporaneous, and in pari materia. If, then, the rights of the proprietors were vested in the State, there remained nothing in them; the legal title passed to the Commonwealth, and, consequently, they could hot maintain this action of .ejectment. But if any was reserved, it was only the arrears of the purchase money, and not the title, which they might sue for in any manner.
3. That whatever might be the nature of the claim, (manorial or proprietary,) it was barred by the statute called the seven years law, passed in 1705, whether the consideration money is paid or not. This limitation of seven years, appears to have been a favourite period of protection in Pennsylvania. William Penn enacted a law to that effect, in England, the year after he obtained his charter;' and again, in 1700, the same period
is provided., And a short period of limitation to

a 1 Laws of Penn. 529. preamble and sec. 5. b 2 b. 102. c 1 lb. 48. d 5 lb. 416. art. 16. e B. Franklin'sAI~p. 9, 10.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

247

protect possessions, is believed to have been the favourite policy of all the colonies. The act of 1705, to afford the protection which it intends to give, requires two circumstances: 1. That the entry should .be under an equitable estate. .2. That there should have been seven years quiet posses sion. The intention of the act was to protect the property. The vendQr was at liberty to enforce payment of the consideration money, by all legal means. Even the laRd itself was not withdrawn from the operation of a judgment. After seven years, the title was complete, but it was still liable to execution. If the plaintiffs in ejectment can recover, it is because they have a lien. Now, if the lien were express, it would have been barred by the lapse of twenty years; and no lien, created by operation of law, can be more durable, than one created by express act of the party. To support this right of recovery, would be to uphold a remedy after the right is gone, and to make the remedy immortal, whilst the right is temporary.
4. That ihe payment of the purchase money ought to have been presumed; and, consequently, a perfect equitalile title in the defendants, barring the action of ejectment. The length of time elapsed, would have authorized a jury to presume a charter, patent, or deed. The fact of actdal payment being made out by presumption, the Courts of Pennsylvania adopt the Chancery'principle of considering that as done which ought to

.1824.
Kirk
V.
Smitb.

a Ricard v. Williams, 7'lTeat. Rep. 119. b Id. 109.-, 1 PHil. Ev. 119, 120. 125.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Kirk
V.
Sith-

be done.- When a party, entitled to a conveyance, does every thing necessary to be done, in
order to obtain a decree for a specific performance, he stands by the local law, in a situation to support or defend an action for the p.ossession of the land.
5. That the plaintiffs below were barred by the statute of limitations of 1785.0 If we had entered by disseisin, our right would have been pro-
tected. We entered claiming the whole fee. Our title and our possession were, therefore, exclusive; that is to say, adverse to every other title or possession. It is said that it was not adversary, because we claim from them: but the mortgagee claims from the. mortgagor, and, nevertheless, is barred, after twenty years. The idea of an amicable possession, is founded upon confounding the case with that of leases, reversions, and re-
mainders. If the vendee purchases the whole estate, his possession, from the moment of his entry, is adverse to that of the vendor.d But, from the period of the survey of 1768, there was an adverse state of possession. The proprietaries set up .their manorial or private right against their public or proprietary right, and from that epoch, inconsistent and opposing titles vere brought into being. From that moment, the statute of limitations began to run. There is no

a Moody v. Vandyke, 4 Binn. 41. Vincent v. Huff, 4 Scrgt.
andRawle, 301. b Griffith v. Cochrane, 5 Binn. 105.
c 2 Laws of Penn. 299.
d Blight v. gochester, 7 Wieat. &p. 535.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

249

escape from this dilemma: either the survey of 1824. the manor did not affect, in any way whatever, the '0 Kirki" previous proprietary right, or it did, and was an v. attempt t6 reappropriate to the use of the manor, Smitd
what had been -appropriated before. In the first case, the right was confiscated; in the latter it is barred.

For the defendants in error, it was stated, that, by the royal charter to William Penn, of 1681, he derived an absolute right of ownership to the territory within the limits described, and power to grant, subject to no restribtions but such as he thought fit to impose upon himself. He came to Pennsylvania in 1682; and the powers of government~and rights of property were always kept distinct, the former being exercised by the General Assembly, and the latter by means of an agency, constituting what is called a land office. Two principles were early settled, that no sales were to be made, nor settlements permitted, till the Indian-title should be extinguished; and that no title. could origifiate but by grant from William Penn. In the establishment of the land office,
it was originally intended that no title should begin but by warrant and survey. But this was soon broken in upon; every kind of irregularity occurred; and, finally grew up the title by settlement and improvement.* All these inceptive rights were under the proprietary, and they were to be consummated by payment of the purchase

a 2 Smith7s Laws of Pet= I37. Note.

VOL. IX,

92

250
1824. KKwir-kk V.
Smith.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
money and issuing the patent. For that purpose, the warrant fixed a price and time of payment; and where t&iere was'no warrant, the price of the .time was to be paid, which was called "common
terms." The mass of the.country was opened by opening the land office, but this did not include proprietary tenths and manors. These last vere appropriated by tirtue of his own right of ownerohip, and are not to be understood as meaning a manor in a legal sense, with its court and train of feudal appendages. The term did not mean a private reservation, for his own separate upe, to be taken out of the market, and granted .in a different mode It meant only' a portion of country, separated from the common mass, so as not to be open to purchasers (on common terms) or to settlers. The peculiar and appropriate' mode of granting in a manor, was a warrantto agree. It was, in faict, an exception out of the country offered for sale. No particular form of exceptions was necessary, and none was pursued#" He was subject to. laws, but only to his own laws. He might be considered as saying, " So much I will sell at a fixed price; so much at the value to be agreed." W. Penn died in 1718, and a dispute arose with Lord zBaltimore respecting the bouindary line of Maryland,b which was settled by an agreement between the two proprietaries, in 1732, and ratified by decree in Chancery, in 1750.0 The line

a 4 DaU. Rep. 407. b 2 Smith, 133. Note. 0 Penn v. Lord Baltimore, 1 Fes. 444.

OF THE UNITED Sr.ATES.
-wasfinally run in 1768, and ratified by the King in Council, in 1769. In 1732, the Marylanders encroaching, and the Indians growing uneasy, Sir W. Keith, at the request of the latter, issued an order to surveythe manor of Springetsbury, which was accordingly surv.eyed in that year. The land office was not then open west of the Susquehannah, the Ifidian title not being extinguished. In 1736, before the land office was opened, Thomas Penn, the proprietary, recognised and adopted the survey, and thereby gave it validity. In. 1762, the survey of 1732 having been mislaid or lost, Gov. Hamilton issued a warrant of resurvey, which was duly returned into the land office, in 1768, where it has since remained.
When the revolution occurred, the descendants of the proprietary were the owners of all the vacant lands in the province; they had the legal estate ina.ll lands, to which individuals had only acquired ineeptive rights, for the purpose of enforcing the terms; they were entitled to all purchase money, and to all quit-rents; they had also private estates subject to the ordinary legislftion. The whole, as -then existing, may be arranged into three classes. (1.) Their private estates, which may be at once dismissed. (2.) Estates or rights in lands not included, in. the limits of manors: and these might be legal, or legal and equitable. (3.) Estates or rights in lands included within'the limits of manors: which might also be legal, or legal' and equitable. 'And the nature of their legal right to kinds witlid a manor, would depend upon the nature of the equity of the oc-

1824. K-irjk V. Smith.

CASES IN THE SU'REME COURT

1824.:
Kirk
v. Smitb.

cupant. Whether his 'equity be more. or less, is
of no consequence at law, -since it does not diminish the extent or' power of the -legal right. These inceptive rights are passed from hand to
hand; by deed; they descend, are devised, and "sold by the Sheriff; and ev'ery body knows thdir nature, and the liabilities to which they arxe subject. The deeds frequently express it, as in the present instance. Hence the lapse of time affords no presumption of the payment of the purchase money, or completion of the title. In truth, there isno such thing in Pennsylvania as the presumption of a grant. ' This was the state of things at the period of the revolution. That event, ipso facto, determined the powdrs, of government conferred by the charter, but left the rights of property exactly as they stood before, in which state they remained until the act of 1779. That act devests the estate of the ptoprietaries, only by vesting it in the Commonwealth'. It, therefore, devests no further than it vests; and as to all besides, leaves it on the same footing as before. It did not at all change the relation between the proprietaries 'and those who. had purchased their lands. 'They then had, and still have, a land office, to receive purchase moneys and grant patents. The Commonwealth land offf6e, vil1 "httreceive the purchase money of lands included in the limits of manors, nor will they grant patents for itL The act thus bad the effect of making a partition, and from
that time forward there have, in fact, been two land offices in Pennsylvania. Great indulgence has

OF THE UNITED STATES.

been shown in the collection of the purchase money; but the.tenure has never undergone any change, and it has never been doubted that the legal title remained in the proprietors and the Commonwealth, respectively, and that they might at any time enter, to enforce the terms of sale.
The act of 1779 did not assert that the estates of the. proprietaries had been .devested by the revolution, nor could that proposition now be maintained, if the question were open. It did not profess to confiscate their property, nor could it justly do so, for they had committed no offence. Neither did it assert a right of conquest. The act was not passed to benefit individuals, nor to alter or lessen their just liability. It was .a partition between the Commonwealth and the proprietary of all their estates, legal and'equitable, of which the manor lines, were the lines of division. It left the proprietors, then, their vacant lands, their legal estates, and all else within the manors. The terms of the act give no countenance to the idea, that the legal title was assumed by the Commonwealth, leaving, the purchase money to the proprietaries. The reservation is of privat.e rights. But the whole of this question has been long since disposed of, and it is now considered as settled law in Pennsylvania, that the legal estate is in the descendant of the proprietaries, as a security for the purchase moneys
As to.the seven years law of 1705, it hasnever

1824.
Kirk
V."

a 4 Dal Rev. 02. 41Q. Penn v. Klynej 1 Peter' Rep. C. C. 6 Li of Penn. 205.

254 1824.
Kikt
*.

2ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
been heard of since the time of its enactment,
and we are, therefore, compelled to look for a construction of itconsistent with its disuse. Itis a retrospective law in its very terms, and, having performed its office at the.time, has been ever since disused. No such construction as that insisted on, ever could have been given to it.
As to the presumption of payment, it must be founded, in every such case, both upon the length of time, and the omission to do what would be done if the presumed fact did not exist. It is a presumption merely, and may be repelled by circumstances, showing why an earlier demand has not been made.a No such presumption, therefore, exists, unless the forbearance be unusual, or contrary to what might have been expected. But it has been. the universal practice to forbear. If there had been a payment, there would have, been a patent. Where the fact to be proved must appear by deed, the presumption, from length of time, does not arise.' The surveys, if made, were never returned ; therefore, there could have been no payment. The receiver general's books will show what has been paid.
The statute of limitations of 1785, is not a bar. To make possession a bar, it must be adverse.o It may,be adverse as to one, and not as to another. A possession under one, is not adverse to him.

a Phai. Ev.i18, 119. b 1b. 117,118. c 1DallU.7.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

255

Possession under an agreement, is not adverse;a and ouster cannot be presumed where the possession is not only under, but according to .the agreement. To maintain a title, or a claim, of adverse possession, such possession must be adverse at its commencement, and so continue for twenty years. There must be, at least, a claim, or colour of title, adverse or hostile; though it is not necessary that it should be a good title.' A person who enters without claim, or colour of title, is deemed to be in possession in subservience to the legal owner, and no length of time will make it adverse., The doctrine of adverse possession must be strictly taken, and the fact must be made out by clear and positive proof, and not by inference. Every presumption is in favour of a possession, in subordination to the title of the true owner.e If the defendant has acknowledged the plaiptiffs title, he cannot, .aferwards, dispute it! So, ani acknowledgment, by a person under whom the defendant claims, that he went into possessin under the lessors of the plaintiff, is conclusive against the defendant, as to tenancy. And though it may not have that effect, yet it willprevent'possession from being adverse.F

1824. Kvirkk
T.
Smtbo

a Barr v. Graz, 4 Wheat. Rep. 213.
b Branett v. Ogden, 1 Johns. Re'p. 230. Doe v.CampbellH, 12 Johns. Rep. 365.
c2 Caines,183. 13 Johrns.Pe. 118. d 16 Johns. Rep. 293.. e 3 Johns. Cas. 124. 8 Johns. Rep. 220. 9 Johns. Rep. 163. 12 Johns. Rq. s65. 1O Johns. Rep. 475. f fCaines,444. 2 Caines,215. 3Johns. Rep. 499. g 2 Johns..Gas.358. 4Joins.Rep. 230.

250
1824. '-'"K' irk-
v.
Smi.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
In the present case, it is not disputed, that the defen· dants went into possession underthe proprietors, -and nothing has since occurred to change the character of the possession. No one could hold adversely, unless he came in .by title paramount to the proprietary; and no title against the Commonwealth, or granitee of the Commonwealth, can be acquired by length of time.a The possession of lands held by warrant and survey, is nQt adverse to, but under the Commonwealth.

The cause was continued to the present term fdr advisement.

February5. : Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL deliveied the opi-
nion of the Court. This is a writ of error to a judgment rendered
by the Circuit Court for the District of Pennsylvania, in favour of Penn's lessee, who was plaintiff in a :writ of ejectment. The case depends on a bill of exceptions taken to the opinion of the Court, expressed in a charge to the jury.
On the 4th of March, in the year 1681, Charles. 11. granted to, William Penn, the ancestor of the plaintiff in the Circuit Court, that tract of country which now constitutes the State of Pennsylvania, By thfis grant, the property in the soil, as well as ii the right of goverriment, Was conveyed to William Penn and his heirs, in fee simple.
The grant contains special powers to erect monors, and'to alien. ftie lands, with liberty to the
a .lrris v. Thomas, 5 Binney, 77. ?)M'Coy v. Dickinson Collegej 4.Serg.4Rawle, 305.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

alienees to hold immediately of the proprieto.r and

his heirs, notwithstanding the statute of quia evmp-

tores. OnthellthofJuly, in the same year, Wil-

liam Penn, having interested many persons in his

grant, agreed with the "adventurers and purcha-

sers" in England, on "certain conditions or con-

cessions," which being for their mutual advantage,

were to be obligatory in the future management of

the property and settlement of the province. The

9th of these conditions is, that "in every 100,000

acres, the governor and proprietary,: by lot, re-

serveth ten to himself, which shall lie but in one

place."

It would seem as if this article should be con-

strued as restraining the power ;f the proprietor.

Being the absolute owner of the soil, it was in his

power, independent of contract, to sell, or not to

sell, any part of it. But, as the value of the lands

must necessarily depend on the. progress of settle-

ment, it was obviously the interest of the great

purchasers and adventurers, as well as of the pro-

prietor, that he should open the country generally

to emigrants. It was also the interest of the pro-

prietor, to make large reservations for his private

use, that he might avail himself of the increased

value to be derived from settlement. To prevent

his checking the advance of the settlements by un-

reasonable reservations, this article fixes the pro-

portion of land which h may take out of the ge-

neral stock offered to the public. The great mass

of land was ir the market, to be acquired by any

adventurer, at a given price; but out of this mass,

Vol.. X.

33

57*
1824.
K
Y. srnit.

'-2r58

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
'll Kirk
v.
Smith.

the proprietor reserved for himself one tenth, to lie in bodies of not less than 100,000 acres.
The survey reserving these lands .forhis own use, whether distingbished by the common appellation
of manor, or by any other name, was not to give any new title to the proprietor. The sole effect was,. to separate the land so surveyed from the common stock, and to withdraw it from the market. The survey was notioe to all the world, that the land was not. subject to individual appropriation on the common terms, but could be acquired
only by special contract. It was not the intention, because it could not be
the interest of the proprietor, to continue all these manors, or reserved lands, as unoccupied wastes, but to sell them at such advanced price as the continuing progress of settlement and increase 'of population would justify. The lands reserved, ftnd the lands not reserved, belonged equally to the proprietor, and' were equally for sale. The only difference between them was, that the lands not reserved, were offered to the public at a fixed price, while those.which were reserved, could be acquired only by special agreement. This difference produced the distinction, of which we have hoard in argument, and which seems to have been well understood in Pennsylvania, between warrants on the common terms, and warrants to agree.
In the year 1762, a warrant was issued for the survey of the manor of Springetsbury. This warrant recites a former, survey of the same land, in 1722, as a manor, states the general outline.s of such former survey, and directs a resurvey. This

OF THE UNITED STATES.
resurvey was made, and returned into. the land office, in the year 1768-, where it has remained ever since, among the documents of the land titles in Pennsylvania.
This resurvey included the lands of the plaintiffs in error, which were held under warrants, of which the following has been selected as a specimen:

Z59
1824.
Kirk
v. Smit.

"Pennsylvania, ss.: BY THE PROPRIETARIES. "Whereas, Bartholomew Sesrang, of the county of Lancaster, bath requested that we would grant him to take up two hundred acres of land, situate between Codorus creek and Little Conewaga creek, adjoining the lands of Killian Smith" and Philip Heintz, on the west side ofhe Susquehannah river, in the said county of Lancaster, for which he agrees to pay to our use the Bum of fifteen pounds ten shillings, current money of this province, for each hundred acres; and the yearly quit-rent of one halfpenny sterling for every acre thereof. " These are, therefore, to authorize and require you to survey, or cause to be surveyed, unto, the said Bartholomew, at the place aforesaid, according to the method of townships appointed, the said quantity of 200 acres, if not already surveyed or appropriated, and make return thereof into the secretary's office, in order for further confirmation; for which this shall be your sufficient warrant: which survey, in case the said Bartholomew fulfil

!26U
1824.
Kirk
V.
9mith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURt'

the above agreement within six months from the

date hereof, shall be valid; otherwise void.

"Given under my hand and seal of the land office, by virtue of 'certain powers from

the said Proprietaries, at Philadelphia, [1,. s.] this eighth day of January, Anne Do-

mini one thousand seven hundred and

forty-two.

GEORGE THOMAS.

" To Wr. PARSONS, Surveyor General."

In virtue of this' warrant, a survey of the land claimed by Caleb Kirk, one of the. plaintiffs in error, was made on the 12th of October, 1747, in favour of Jacob Wagner, the then bolder of the warrant, by various mesne transfers. The title was regularly deduced by various conveyances, from Wagner to Kirk, accompanied with possession.
No grant.has been issued for the lands. . Ter pounds, in part of the consideration, were paid, about the date of the warrant, and' there is no proof of the payment of the residue.
It appears to have been the common usage, for
the proprietaries.to give great indulgence to the purchasers of lands, for the purchase money. Although, by the terms of the contract, the survey was declared to be -void, unless the agreement were fulfilled i!1 six months, yet the proprietaries appear not to have been in'the practice of availin' themselves of this condition. Large a-rearages of purchase money remained due after the surveys iveie made, which, as the grants were withheld, were debts upon interest, secured in the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

best possible manner. This credit was mutually advantageous. By accblera·ting the settlement of the province, it was beneficial to the proprietaries; and the purchaser could terminate it wheneverit ceased to be beneficial to himself.
Until the war of our revolution, this state of thirgs appears to have continued. The settlements advanced with great rapidity. Manors were surveyed, lands were sold, and large arrearages were due for purchases made, both within and without the manors. The only distinctioii appears to have been, that the reserved lands were sold by special contract, and the lands not reserved; were sold at stated prices.
When the war of our revolution commenced, the proprietary went to Great Britain, and. was, consequently, to be considered as a British subject, not as an American citizen. The iight to confiscate his pr6perty, or to leave it untouched, was in the - government of Pennsylvania. The Legislature of that State, for reasons satisfactory to itself,\ tooi a middle course. In 1779, an act was passed, entitled "An act for vesting the estate of the late proprietaries of Pennsylvania in this Commonwealth." This ejectment was brought in the year 1819.
On the trial of the cause, the question, whether the land in controyersy was included within the lines of the manor of Springetsbury, as surveyed under the warrant of 1762, was left to the jury, who have found that it was included within them. The opinion of the Judges who tried the cause, was, that if the land was within those lines, the

1824.
Kirk
Smith.

262
1824.
KKirk
v.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
right of the plaintiff, in that Court, was excepted out of the general operation of the act of 1779, and was not vested in the Commonwealth.
To this opinion an exception was taken, which
has been supported in this Court by arguments, in part, applicable to warrants of every description; and, in part, to those only which were issued on the common terms.
In that part of the argument which applies to all warrants, the plaintiffs in error contend, that the 5th section of the act of 1779, vests all the rights of the proprietary in the commonwealth, with the exception of those only which are reserved by other sections of the same act ; and that the right to the purchase money, which then remained unpaid, is comprehended within the general words of the 5th section, and not excepted in any other section.
In considering this argument, it will be necessary to examine the 5th section critically, and to ascertain its extent with precision.
It enacts, " that all and every the estate, right, title, interest, property, claim, and demand, of the heirs," &c. "or others claiming as proprietaries of rennsylvania," "to which they, or any of them, were entitled, or which to them were deemed to belong on the 4th day of July, 1776, of, in, or to, the soil and land contained within the limits of the said province," " together with the royalties, franchises, lordships, and all other the hereditaments and premises comprised, mentioned, or granted in the same charter or letters
patent of the said King Charles the second, (ex-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

263

cept as hereinafter is excepted,) shall be, and they
are hereby vested in the Commonwealth of Penn-
sylvania." The first part of the description of that which
the Legislature intended to vest in the Commonwealth, comprehends all the rights of the proprietaries in the " soil and land" of Pennsylvania, but comprehends nothing else. It would not, we presume, be contended, that this part of the description would embrace the purchase money due"for laud, if any such case existed, which had" been sold and conveyed by the proprietary, and for the purchase money of which a bond had been taken. This act could not, we presume, be. pleaded in bar to an action of debt on a bond given to secure the. payment of money du(: for land. This section, at least, is directed against the laded estate of the proprietary, not against his claims
for money. If this first part of the description does not
reach debts on account of land sold, neither does the second; It seems almost useless to observe, that a debt for land sold, is neither "a royalty, franchise, lordship, or other hereditament;" and that it forms no part of the premises granted in
the charter. The subsequent part of the section vests nothing.
It contains only a more ample description of the absolute and unqualified manner in which the property,- previously described,-is to vest in th" Commoniealth. It is freed and discharged from every incumbrance, claim, or demand what~oever, asfully as if the said charter, &c. "and all other

1824
Mrk
v.
Smith.

1824.
KKirkk V. Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the estate, right, and title, of the said proprieta, ries, of, in, and to the same premises, were herein transcribed and repealed."
It is unnecessary to comment on the particular
words of the legislature, which are regularly and technically applicable to the charter, because it is too obvious for controversy, that the whole design and effect of the clause is to show, that the property described in the preceding confiscating clause, is to vest in the Commonwealth, freed from- every trust, limitation, or incumbrance whatsoever. But the property comprehended in the confiscating clause, was land only; and the land of the proprietaries, together with the royalties, &c. annexed to it.
If, then, the particular subject of this-controversy be within the 5th section of the act of 1779, it is because it is to be considered as land to which the proprietaries were entitled. If not so considered, the 5th section does not vest it in the Commonwealth. If it be o considered, the next inquiry is, whether it be within the exceptions made by the act.
The 8th section provides and enacts, "that all and every the private estates, lands and hereditaments of any of the said proprietaries, whereof they are now possessed, or to which they are now entitled, in their private several right or capacity, by devise, purchase or descent; and likewise all thef land called and known by the name of 'the proprietary tenths,' or manors, which were duly surveyed and returned into the land office, on or before the 4th day of July, in the year 1776, toge-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ther with the quit or other rents, and arrearages of

rents, reserved-out of the said proprietary tenths,

or manors, or any part or parts thereof, which have been sold, be. confirmed, ratified and established

forever, according to such estate or estates therein,

and under such limitations, uses, and trusts, as in

and by the several and respective reservations,

grants, and conveyances thereof, are.]directed and

appointed."

This section reserves the private estates of the

proprietaries, "and likewise all the lands called

and known -by the name of 'the proprietary

tenths,' or manors, which were duly surveyed and

returned into the land office, on or before the 4th

day of July, in the year 1776."

That the manor of Springetsbury was dulys ur-

veyed, and returned into the land office before the

4th of July, 1776, has not been controverted in this

Court, so far as respects land not sold before the

resurvey, which constitutes the question now un-

der particular consideration; and that the land

for which this ejectment was brought, lies within

the survey describing the external boundaries of

that manor, is established by the verdict of the ju-

ry. The dilemma, then, presented to the plaintiffs

in error, is a fair one. The legislhture did or did

not consider the right reserved by the proprietary

to re-enter and avoid the warrant, or to're-grant

the land, as an estate or interest in the soil, as land,

even before such right was asserted. If it was

so considered, and, as land, was confiscated by the

5th section,*then it was likeivise so considered in

the 8th section; and, as land, was excepted 4nd

YiL. Ix

~

34

265
1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
"J":'
v Smith.

saved to the proprietary. If the Legislature considered this right merely as a claim to money, secured on the land, then it is not confiscated by the 5th section, but remains to the proprietor, unaffec-
ted by it. We can perceive no principle of sound construction, by which, comparing the 5th and 8th sections with each other, the 5th shall, so far as respects land in manors, be made more comprehensive than the 8th ; no principle by which the confiscating clause shall be made broader than the saving clause.
It was necessary to reserve the quit-rents expressly in the 8th section, because they may, on fair construction, be understood to be comprehended in the 5th section; and, consequently, to be vested in the Commonwealth, ifnot expressly excepted. The quit-rents would not, indeed, be confiscated by that part of the section which relates to soil or land; but may very well pass under the words " oyalties, franchises, lordships, and all other the hereditaments and premises comprised, mentioned, and granted in the same charter, or some of them." The quit-rent is a heroditament, reserved under the very words of the charter, and annexed to the seignory. It would not be absolutely improper, to term it "royalty," since similar reservations are generally to be found in grants made to'individuals in the royal governments. The
express exception of quit-rents, therefore, without mentioning the arrears of purchase money furnish no argument in favour of the plaintiffs in erfor. The qttit-rents were excepted in the 8th section. because they would, if not excepted, have

OF THE UNITED STATES

267

been vestedin the Commonwealthby the 5th. The arrears of purchase money were notexcepted, be-
cause they did not pass by ;he 5th section. But if the quit-rents were not comprised in the 5th see tion, theywere abolished in the 9th, and might therefore, without impropriety, .be included in.th,-
exception ofthe 8th, so.far as respects manors.

1824.
Krk
Smith.

There is nothing in the Act of1779, which would lead to the-opinion, that the-Legislature was actuated by a spirit of hostility against the Penn fami: Ty- No disposition is shown to confiscate the debts generally, which were due to that family. The grearobject of the act was, to-transfer the right to the o78sl of Pennsylvania, from the.proprietary to the Commonwealth.- This was.a great. and a iational object;: It was of the more pressingimpor tance at the moment, because no fneans existed at the time of obtaining titles to ungranted lands, in consequence of which, as the 4th section recites. "multitudes of inhabitants were daily emigrating from the State.'. In accomplishing this great ob-
ject, theLegislature was not unmindful of die ties by which Pennsylvania had been formerlyconnected with the proprietor; In dd'ditiont ihe private :estates. of.the familyato the manors. actually-sur. veyed,. and.ta'the, quit-rents received on the lands sold within those manors, 120,UO0 pounds sterling are bestowed on the family, among other considerations, "in remembrance of the enterprising spirit which distinguished the founder of Pennsylvania." Not only, then, is there nothing in the act evincing that vindictive, hostile temper, which would justi-t Nr the Court.in extendinr it. he. fcon.rnrction,. to.

1824. %Kirk
v.
Smith.

CASES 1N TIE SUPREME COURT
objects not fairly embraced by its terms, but its whole spirit is in opposition to the idea. Taking this view 6f the subject, we shduld be astonished, indeed, to find, that the same Legislature which left untouched the accruing quit-rents on the lands sold within the manors, as well as those which were in arrear, should seize the arrears olpurchase money within the same manors ; that the Legislature should spare, so flr as respected the manors, that which partook, in its nature and essence, of the proprietary character, and should seize that which was, in its essence, private debt, and was distinguishable from other private debts in nothing but in the manner in which it was secured.
The 5th and 8th sections, then, leave the arsears of purchase money due for land sold within Ihe manors, precisely in the situation in which the act found them. .- Both parties have resorted to the 9th and 10th sections of the act.
The 9th section discharges all the lands held under the late proprietaries, not within the tenths or manors, from quit-rpents, or arrearages of quitrents, and arrearages of purchase money. And the 10th section provides " that the said arrearages of purchase money," other. than for lands. within the said tenths and mianors, shall be accounted to be due-Eiid payable to the Commonwealth."
No man who reads this act, will be at a loss for the motive wbich induced the draftsman of the bill'to introduce the 9th section. The 5th and 8th-taken together, would leave all the lands of'

OP THE CN.ITED S'TATE8.
Pennsylvania still chargeable with quit-rents, and would vest those not within the manors, in the Commonwealth. It was. the intention of the Legislature to discharge the lands not within the manors, from this burthen, and a section was necessary for that purpose. Read the section, omitting the words respecting the purchase money of lands not within the manors, and it expresses, with plainness and perspicuity, the idelt which has been suggested. All who are acquainted Wiith our course of legislation, know, that after a bill has been framed, and the language adapted to its objects, amendment: are sometimes introduced into it, in a late stage 'of its progress, without being sufficiently cautious to change the language vhich was adapted to the original matter, so as to fit it to the new matter contained in the amendient. This can alone account for the perplexity and confusion of ahe 9th and 10th sections of this act. The 9th section, which is so perfectly clear without the words respecting the arrearages of purchase money for lands not within the manors.. is so embarrassed and confused with them, as to be scarcel) intelligible; and the whole office of the.10th section is, fo ves in the Commonwealth a part of that which the 9th had abolished. Courts must, however, give to these sections that interpretation which seems best to comport with the intention of the Legislature.
The 8th section had confirmed to the proprietors, for eveir, the quit-rents reserved in the manors. The 9th, which was intended to abolish all quit-rents -on all ether land;, comeneres with

269 1824.
Kirk
v. Smith.

270

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. Ki'k
Smith.

general words, which in themselves would comprehend the quit-rents of the manors, and produo'i a conflict between the two sections, were not those general words limited and explained after-
wards. But tkfy are limited and explained by the words "other.than the quit or other rents, reserved within the proprietary tenths, or manors, before mentioned." Between the general words, however, with which the clause commences, and those words of limitation, which have been just recited, are introduced the words, "and arrearages of purchase money for lands not within the tenths or manors aforesaid." Because the words of limitation apply to the quit-rents only, and not to the purchase money, it has been supposed that the purchase money for lands within, as well as without, the manors, has been abolished, and that the concluding words of the section, that the
" same lands shall be held free and discharged therefrom, for ever," apply to the purchase money of lands within the manors, as-welI as to the quitrents of lands not within the manors.
This construction cannot, we think, be ustained. The general words which introduce the section, required the exception and limitation afterwards introduced, so far as respected quitrents; but the words respecting purchase money, contain their limitation within themselves. The words of description exclude lands within the
manors. No general words are applied to the purchase money, which require subiequent explanaion or diminution. The words of limitation ,no. rt,. in themseive2. appdrjable (0 IIuiL-rcnLs

OF THE UNITED STATES.

only. When, then, we come to the enacting part of the clause, which ordains that the " same lands-and other hereditaments, shall be held free and discharged therefrom, and from the paymen there~of, for ever;" -and ask, what are. the same lands? and from what are they discharged? the only answer which can be made to the question is, that "the same lands" are lands not within the manors;, and that the discharge is "from all quitrents other than the quit or other rents reserved within the proprietary tenths or manors, before mentioned," "and arrearages of purchase money for lands not within the tenths or manors afore said." That the Legislature deemed it necessary, by one of these sections, to take from the proprietaries the arrearages of purchase money not within the manors, and by the other, to vest them in the Commonwealth, is proof that this was not done by the 5th.
The inference to be drawn, as we think, from the 9th section, that the Legislature never lost sight of the distinction .set up between manors and the general terr;*ztzy uf the Commonwealth, is strengthened by the language of the 10th section, which provides and enacts, ".that, in order
to preserve equality among the purchasers of land under the said late proprietaries, the said arrears of purchase money, other than for lands within the said tenths and manors, shall be accounted to be due and payable to the Commonwealth."
Now, if the Legislature had pupposed itself, by the preceding section, to have abolished all the arrears of purchase money due from lands within

1824. v.
Smith.

272
1824.
Kirkk
v.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the manors, how would it- "preserve equality among the purchasers," to coerce the.payment of the purchase money for lands without the manors, to the Commonwealth? Or, what motive can be
assigned for discharging those within the manors from paying for their lands, and requiring payment from those without the manors. It would be a caprice for which it would be impossible to account.
Where the language of the Legislature is clear, Courts cannot be permitted to assume an intention repugnant to that language, because it imports what they think unreasonable; but words are not to be forced out of their natural meaning, to produce what is unreasonable, if not absurd.
The plaintiffs in error also r°ely on the 6th section of the act establishing a land office, passed in 1781, as amounting, unequivocally, to a confiscation of the rights of the proprietary in the land in contest.
This proposition is sustained, by applying to all lands, words which are, indeed, general in themselves, but which are, obviously enough, used by the Legislature with reference to particular lands, the right to which was vested in the Commonwealth by the act of 1779.
This act does not purport to be an act of confiscation, but an act for opening a land office for the lands of the Commonwealth. It does not pitrport to be an act-of acquisition, but of disposition of that which had been previously acquired. It commences with a recital, that " many of the lands in the State. heretofore taken up," &c.,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
'are yet unpatented, and the purchase inouy, and arrearages of purchase money, thereon due, are vested in the Commonwealth;" " and the owners and holders of such rights, since the shutring up of the land office, have not had it in their power to pay in the purchase money and obtain patents: for 'emedy whereof, be it enacted, that an office be erected," &c.
The subsequent regulations, then, respecting the payment of the purchase money, were in tended for such purchase money only as was already vested in the Commonwealth; and the unpatented lands referred to, are those only, the purchase money due on which was then vested in the Commonwealth. It is important, too, in the construction of this act, to recollece that the framers of the act of 1779 could not have intended any interference, by means of a land office, or otherwise, with the manors. They remained the propery of the proprietaries, who were themselves to receive the arrears of purchase .money, and to complete the titles. The whole act being framed for the property of the Commonwealth, the general words of the 6th -section must be understood to be limited to the subject matter .of the act; that is, to the property of the Commonwealth.
The act directs, that patents shall be issued for lands for which the purchase money shall be received: and the 16th section directs, that the land, so granted, " shall be free and clear of all reservations and restrictions, as to mines, royalties, quit-rebts, or otherwise" Now, the act of 1779
VoL. IX,

273
1824.
Kirk
V. Smith

OW74
1824.
- Kirk
v.
Smith.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
expressly reserves for. the proprietors the quitrents within the manors. This act, then, cannot be construed to authorize the issuing patents for lands within the manors, unless it be also con-
strued to be a confiscation, by implication, of property expressly reserved for, and vested in individuals, by a preceding act of the Legislature. This construction, to be justified, must be unavoidable.
But the 12th section appears to the Court to deserve some consideration. That section declares, "that nothing in the act shall be construed to extend to lands, not granted in the usual forms of the land office."
There were, then, lands in Pennsylvania, "not granted in the usual forms of the land office."
As this case comes on after a general verdict, on an exception to a charge given by the Court to the jury, it is incumbent on the person taking the exception, to show that the charge is erroneous. If it comprehended this act, of which the Court is not satisfied, still it is incumbent on the exceptor to show that lands within manors were " granted in the usual forms of the land office." This fact is not shown.
The act of 1783 is ob viously limited to the same subject to which the act of 1781 applies. All arguments founded on this act are liable, too, to this additional objection. It was enacted after the treaty of peace, when the power of the State Legislature over the estate of William Penn, real and personal, had ceased.
We come now to that part ofthe argument which

OF THE UNITED STATES

275

applies particularly to warrants issued-on the conmon terms, for lands afterwards surveyed as a manor.
It is contended by the plaintiffs in error, that, , such lands, though comprehended geographically KVi.rk within the lines of a manor, are not legally a part Smit. of it; and are not, therefore, either as to the land itself, or as to the purchase moniey, saved to the proprietaries, under the act of 1779.
The reservation in the 8th section of that act, iz of "all the lands called and known by the name of 'the proprietary tenths, or manors,' which -wereduly surveyed and returned into the land. office, on or before the 4th-day of July, 1776."
It has not been suggested, that the lands which may happen to be held by common warrants with. in a manor, are distinguished by a different appellation, and are "not called and knowx by the ge. neral name given to. all the adjoining lands within the survey;" but it is contended, that such are not brought within that part of the description, which requires that they should be "duly surveyed."" Although lands for which a conditional warrant had previously issued, be, in fact, mirveyed as a manor. it is insisted that such survey was not duly made.
This is giving to the word " duly,"'a meaning which, in the opinion ofthe Court; was not intended by the Legislature.
The act of 1779 conferred no new right oh the. Penns, but left them in possession of their pre-ex. istingrights, whatever they might be, within a described territory.. It did not interfere with any controversy which might eiist between Pcun and

276

CASES LN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. others within that territory, but left such contro.

- Kirk'versy

to be decided between the parties, as if the

v. law had never been passed. The act is simply an Smith. adjustment between Penn and the Commonwealth.

It refers to a fact of public notoriety, as 'marking the lines of division between them. That fact is. a survey, duly made and returned into the land

office, before the 4th of July, 1776. The survey must be understood as one entire thing, describin(

the particular tract of couritry surveyed, and 1hw words "duly made,' mean, made according to tdw

forms prescribed b5y law or usage. It was very

well known, that, within these sut oys,; sonic landg

were sold, and some were not sold. On nil which were sold, quit-rents were received, and on some of them, the purchase money was still due. With the land, if not sold, with the quit-rents and pun.

chase money, if sold, the Legislature, as has been

already shown, declares its purpose not to interfere. There is nothing- in the language, nor ii..

there any thing in the character of the transaction,

which would lea*d to the opinion that the Legisla ture intended to discriminate between the differ-

ent rights of the proprietaries within the manors.

The hand of government is not laid upon the ma-

nors, and all the rights of the proprietaries within

those boundaries, whether to land, purchase money, or quit-rents, remain untouched. There can be no conceivable reason for supposing, that the Lo gislature meant to inquire into the dates of the

warrants evidencing ihe sale of lands, while the right to sell was acknowledged, and to discharge

one contract ot'sale within the untoucheil buunda.

OF THE UNITED STATES

ry, while another remained valid. The words make no such distinction, and we can perceive nothing in the nature of the property which -will justify the Court in making it.
If we trace these words, "manors," and"proprietary tenths,'" to their first use, we shall find reason to confirm, not to change, the sense in which we suppose them to have been used in the act of 1779.
By the 19th section" of the charter, license is granted to William Penn, and his heirs, "to erect any parcels of land, within the province aforesaid, into manors." There is no restriction on this power, which confines its exercise to lands which are vacant at the time. There was, then, no want of power in Penn to comprehend'within a manor lands which were actually sold. The rights of the purehaser, the tenure by which he held his property, could not be changed, nor would they be changed, by including his land within the. survey of a manor.
The proprietary tenths originate in the "1condi-
tionsor concessions agreed on between William Penn and certain, adventurers and purchasers, on the 11th of July, 1681. The 9th condition, or conces.sion, is:. "In every 100,000 acres, the governor and proprietary, by lot, reserveth ten to himself,which shall lie but in one place."
Nowi, it is very.apparent that, suppQsing this stipulationto be.a fundamental law, and to enure to the benefit of all -the inhabitants, it can only restrain -the proprietary from reserving more than ten out of every 100,000 acres of land, and compel him tolay it offin one body. If within any survey

1824.
Kirk
v.
Smith.

278

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
m& .

of 10,000 acres, there should be some lands pre-
viously granted, the survey'would certaiuly not.impair those grants ;hor would those' graz ts vitiate the survey. The respective rights of the u'arties
would depend upon the law, which would decide that the purchaser should hold his land, on complying with .-the- conditions of the purchase; and that, on his failing to complywith them, the proprie-
tary might either indulge him by giving further time, or. might re-enter-and hold the land, or regrant it. ' In the event of re-entry, it can scarcely be contended, that this land would not be considered as a part of the proprietary tenth, provided it did not swell the amount of the reservation beyond the tenth which might be legally reserved. The including of -lands previously sold, within a* urvey-of a reserved tenth, as it would give the proprietary no new right against the purchaser, might sink so much of his reservation, but could' produce no bther question than might arise between him and the purchaser, respecting the validity of the sale. These are questions with which the Legislature of 1779 manifested no intention to interfere. 'It will not, we presume, be doubted, that the words "manors"'and ".proprietary tenths," have the same meaning throughout the act ; that theyalways designate the same lands; that, when' used'in reference to quil-rents.'thpy have the same
meaning as when used in reference to the arrears of purchase money.
Now, it appears, from the statement of the tes-
timony made in the charge of the Court to the jury, which is the oihly regular informatiozi of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

279

evidence given in the cause, that an agreement was entered into, in 1736, between the proprie-
tary and a number of the inhabitants, by which he engaged -to make them tides for certain speci-
fled quantities of land in their possession, 6n the common terms. This agreement is stated to have been afterwards carried into execution. The contract, as stated, contains unequivocal proof of having been made under the idea that the survey 'of -1722 was valid, that it related to lands within the lines of that survey, a'nd that the land within its lines was considered as a manor. That survey may not have been attended with those circum-
stances which would bring it within the saving of the act of 1779, and, certainly, in this. cause" is not to be considered as a valid survey of a manor. It was, nevertheless, believed, in 1736, by the parties to this contract, to be a manor; and those proceedings which took place respecting lands within it, are, consequently, such as might take place respecting lands within a manor. We find sales of land made to fifty-two persons, upon the common terms, and grants made to them according to contract. When the final survey was made, comprehending ihese lands "as beipg part of the manor of Springetshury , were they less a part of that manor because they were granted as a part of it before that survey was made? When, in 1779, the Legislature- excepted from confiscation
the quit-rents ".reserved out of the said proprietary tenths or manors," is it credible that they intended to create a distinction, never heard of before, between the quit-rents on lands lying.

1824.
%K.'irk
V.
Smirth.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. within the lines of the manor, and sold as part ot
"Kiirkr the manor, to depend on the terms or the time of V'. the grant? Smith. The defendants in the Circuit Court gave in
evidence, fifteen instances of lands lying within the manor being settled for on the common terms. Were these lands 'excluded from the manor by being so settled for? Did the Legislature of 1779, when about to save for the proprietaries the quit-rents reserved out of manors or proprietary tenths, or out of land comni6nly called and'known by the name of manors or proprietary tenths, which were duly surveye'd and toturned into the land office, on or beforo the 4th of July, 1776, fix its mind on the survey to which reference is made, or on the dates and terms of the grants made for lands within the survey? If on the survey, then the Jangtiage expresses the intention; if some other distinction was designed, it is strange that no words were inserted pointing to such distinction. The Legislature intended .to confiscate the estates of the proprietaries in part, and 'in part only. The line of partitipn between the Commonwealth' and the Penn family, was to be drawn. It was the province of wisdom and of justice to make this line a plain one. It was proper that the Commonwealth, -and Penn, and the people of Pennsylvaniia, should be able distinctly to discern it. If the lines of the manors, as surveyed and returned in the land office, before the 4th of July, 1776, constitute the dividing lines between the parties, they are plainly and distinctly drawn. If some

OF THE UNITED STATES.

imaginary distinctions tire to be made between

the lands comprehended within those lines, or the

quit-rents reserved onthose which had been sold, the whole certainty of the division is lost, unless

some other line, equallI plain, equally' rational,

and equally justified by the words of the act, can

be substituted. Is this practicable in the case

before the Court? Extensive saleswere made in

a tract of country, supposed by the seller and the

purchaser to be a manor. Other sales were made,

containing in the contracts no intrinsic evidence

that the parties understood the lands to be within

a manor. The purchase money, in both cases,

is paid, and deeds are made, reserving the usual

quit-rents. To.ascertain the real boundaries of

the manor, to make a legal survey of it, if one

had not before been made, a warrant of resurvey

is issued, and a survey made and returned into

the land office, comprehending both these classes

of lands, with others which were at the same time

vacant, as being within the manor. When the

Legislature saves to the proprietaries the quit-

rents out of lands sold within the manors, can a

distinction have been intended between those

lands which were qold as part of the manor before,

and those which were sold after the resurvey?

If it be assumed, where the warrants contain no

evidence of being intended for manor lands, that

the parties or the proprietaries were ignorant of

their being comprehended within a manor, what-

difference, in reason, can this make? The ladids

were eqiialfy liable to quit-rents in the one case

and the other. They were equally within a manor,

VOLt. IX.

36

1824.
Mirk
v. SmLtb.

1824.
Kirk
V. Smih

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
whether known or not known to be within it. Could the Legislature have a motive in the one case more than in the other, for abolishing these quit-rents? If the motive existed, it would be shown in.the language adopted. But the search for it in the language of the Legislature, would be ao fruitless as in the reason of the case. The Court cannot set up this -distinction.
If the word manor, when used as describing territory within which quit-rents are saved, comprehends lands sold before the resurvey, then:the same word, when applied to the arrears of purchase money, retains the same meaning.
It has been urged in argument, that the Legislature intended clearly to distinguish between the rights of Penn, as an individual, and his rights as proprietor. The first were reserved; the last were confiscated. This distinction, so far as respects the subject of the prosent controversy, is not to be found in the law. The 8th section confirms to the proprietaries all their private estates, "and likewise all the lands called and known by the name of the proprietary tenths or manors." These proprietary tenths.or manors, then, did not compose a part of, but were in addition to, their private estates. They were held too by precisely the'same title by which other lands in Pennsylvania, not sold nor reserved, were held Nor was there any new modification of that title. They were withdrawn from the mass of property offered for sale on the common terms; .but were still held by Penn, solely as proprietor under the charter. The quit-rents, too, were clearly an appendage

OF THE UNITED STATES.
to the origial grant, retained on the lInds which were sold, and retained by Penn in his chaiacter as proprietor. Yet these are expressly saved to him. There is, then, in the act of 1779, no intention to make the private and proprietary rights of Penn the criterion by which the line of partition between him and the Commonwealth should be ascertained; but there is a clear intention to divide his proprietary estate, and to make his surveys of manors the criterion by which this line of partition should be ascertained.
This result is, we think, very clearly produced, so far as respects the soil, by the 5th and 8th sections; and is, we think, produced not less clearly with respect to the arrears of purchase money, by the 9th and 10th sections. Strike out those sections, and there is nothing in the act which can reach the arrears of purchase money, within or without the manors. They wduld, like other debts, remain the property of the creditor. The 9th section expressly abolishes "the arrearages of purchase moneys for lands not within the tenths or manors aforesaid ;" and if,as we think, the tenth, or manor, was in the minds of the Legislature, described by a survey thereof, made according to law or usage, and returned into the land office before the 4th of July, 1776, then the lands on which the arrearage of purchase money is claimed, in this case, are within one of the aforesaid tenths, or manors.
We think, then, that the lands, or the purchase money, which the plaintiffs in the Circuit Court

286
1824.
Smith.

1824.
Kirk
V. Sit.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
claim in this case, are not confiscated by aziy act
of the State of Pennsylvania. Before we take leave of the act of 1779, it may
be proper to inquire, whether it has any operation
on the lands lying within the manors, and vhich had been sold, but not granted, the term* of sale not havin'g bedn complied with. It will be recollected, that those on whose property this law acted, were the subjects of an enemy, and that the Legislature possessed full power over their estates. Having the -power to confiscate absolutely, they might modify that power in its exercise, as to them might seem proper. The 7th section provides and enacts, that &ll the rights, &c. which were derived from the proprietaries, or to which any person other than the said proprietaries were entitled, "either in law or equity," by virtue of any deed, patent, warrantor survey, of,ino.r to any part or portion of the lands contained within the limits of .this State, or by virtue of any location filed iithe land office before the 4th of July, 1776, shall be, and they are hereby confirmed, ratified, and established for ever, according to such estate or estatbs, rights or interests, and under such limitations or uses as in and by the several and respective grants and cobveyanoes thereof are directed and appointed.
This secion comprehends all the lands withii the State, whether within or without the manors, to which any individuals, had derived a title from the proprietaries, either in iaw or equity, by virtue of any deed, patent, warrant or survey, and confirms such title according to the estate, right or in-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

285

terest conveyed. That the section operates alike on lands within and without the manors, and that it confirms titles under warrants or surveys, fo7 which the purchase money has been paid, are certain. It is equally certain, that it does not interfere with the arrears ofpurchase money which may still be lue, because that whole subject is taken up and disposed of in the 9th and 10th sections of the act. The doubt is, whether it has any influence on any lands, the purchase money for which "had not been paid; and if any, how it affects the title to such lands.
The right of re-entry was reserved as a security for the payment of the purchase money, but does not appear to have been exerted, and was probably considered in the light of a mortgage, to be used merely as the means of enforcing the fulfilment of the contract, not as absolutely terminating the estate. That the proprietaries looked on for a great number of years, and saw lands held under warrants void on their face, for the failure to fulfil the contract within the specified time ofsix .months, and never, in a single instance, so far as appears in the.,case, or has been alleged in argument, attempted to avoid the estate, would certainly, afford a strong equity to such purchaser against the pr.oprietary, should such an attempt be made. And that ejectments were maintained on such titles, is also evidence of the opinion entertained of them in the Courts of Pennsylvania. It seems to hav been understood by all, that the proprietary was to avail -himself of the condition in the Ivarrant, for no other purpose than to coerce the payment of the

1824.
Kirk
v.
Smith.

M6
1824.
Mrk
v.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
purchase money. This became, from usage, a kind of tacit agreement, which their real interest required all parties to observe. Yet, when a new state of things was introduced, it was natural for that numerous class of pur.chasers, who had not paid .up the whole of the purchase money, to be uneasy at the hazard in which their titles were involved ; and their representatives would very naturally feel disposed to quiet their minds, on this interesting subject. It would not be unreasonable, to suppose the existence of a disposition to make the contract expressly what it was understood to be, and to do away the forfeiture, except as a mode of enforcing payment of the arrears of purchase money. The confirmation of titles, by their own terms void, for non-payment of the purchase money, accompanied with the preservation of the right to the purchase .money, admits of the construction, that the clause of forfeiture'may be used to enforce the payment of those arrears, but not as extinguishing the estate. At all events, this section has the samne application to lands within, as to lands without the manor; and the construction it has received with respect to the one, may.serve as a rule for the other.
The next exception to be considered, is to that part of the charge, which declares the act of 1705, commonly called'the seven years law, to be inapplicable to the case. That act enacts, " that seven years quiet possession of lands within this province, which were first entered 6n upon an equitable rights shall for ever give an unquestionable title to the same against all, during the es-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tate whereof they are or shall be possessed, except in cases of infants," &c.
It has been contended, that this act is merely retrospective; and, in support of this opinion, it has been said, that for more than one hundred years it has never been resorted to in the Courts of Pennsylvania.
To this argument it is answered, that the language of the act is prospective, that it purports to be an act of limitations, that it is found among the printed statutes of Pennsylvania, and that its
operation has never been denied, so far as we are informed, in any of the Courts of that State. During the irregularities which take place in the first settlement of a country, an act of limitations is peculiarly desirable, and it would bo strange if Pennsylvania should have remained entirely without one. The 16th section of the laws agreed upon in England, enacts, "that seven years quiet possession shall give an unquestionable right, except in cases of infants," &c. An act of the same import as to possession, without any exception in favour of infants and others, was passed in 1700, butwas repealed in England, in 1705, in which
year the act was passed which is now under consideration. The people of Pennsylvania had
one uniform and constant wish on. this subject. Neither the 16th section of the laws agreed on in England, nor the repealed act of 1700, can be considered as retrospective; and there is some difficulty in giving this construction to the act of 1705. But, the Courts of Pennsylvania having never considered this act as having the effect of

1824. v.
smithi

288
1824. Kik" v. -
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
an act of limitations, this Court is not inclined to go furtheri than they have gone. If, however, it were to beso considered, it must be governed by those rules which apply to acts of limitation gonerally.
One of these, which has been recognised in the Courts of England, and in all others where the rules established in those Courts have been adopted, is, that possession, to give title, must be adversary. The word is not, indeed, to be'found in the statutes; but the plainest dictates of common justice require that it should be implied. It would shock that sense of right which must be felt equally by legislators and by Judges, if a possession which was permissive, and'entirely consistent with the title of another, should silently bar that title. Several cases have been decided in this Court, in which the principle seems to have been considered as generally acknowledged ;a and in the State of Pennsylvania particularly, it has been expressly recognised. To allow a different construction, would be to make the statute of limitations a statute for the encouragement of fraud-a statute to enable one man to steal the title of another by professing to hold, under it. No laws admit of such a construction.
The true question then is, whether the occupancy of those who held under these conditional warranuts, was consistent with, or adversa F .,to,

a, See Alexander v. Pendleton, 8 Cranch, 462. Base v. Gray, 4 WFwat. Rep. 213. MA'Clary v. Ross,-.3 lheat..'Rep. 116. Ricard v. Williams, 7 Wheat. Rep. 59.

- OF THE UNITED STATES.

289

the title -of the proprietaries.? Upon the answer

to this question, it seems difficult to entertain a

serious doubt. It is reasonable to suppose that

the practice of selling lands on credit, and of

issuing warrants in the form of that which is in-

serted in this case, and of holding the legal tide.

to secure the payment of the purchase money,

prevailed from the first proceedings under the

charter, until the declaration of ipdependence, a

period of near one hundred years. In the parti-

cular case before the Court, credit was given from

the year 1742; and we are not informed, and,

consequently, have no reason to suppose, that

this indulgence was singular. The legislation of

Pennsylvania on the subject, justifies the contrary

opinion; for we perceive among their printed sta-

tutes, several of a late date, giving farther time to

pay in the purchase money for lands sold before

the 10th of December, 1776. These acts of far-

ther indulgence, continued for such a length of

time, furnish strong evidence that the cases were

very numerous to which those acts would apply;

and show, too, that in the opinion of the Legis-

lature, no act of limitations had barred the claim.

Now, this practice, in which the proprietaries,

and a great portion of the population of Pennsyl-

vania, concurred, is incompatible with the idea

that the tide of the purchaser became adversary to

that of the proprietary, within six months after

the date of the warrant of survey. In the case

before the Court, the survey was made, in fact,

upwards of five years after the, date of the war-

rant. Is it conceivable that the surveyor, who

1o,01.

37

1824.
v. Smith.

290
1824.
Kirk
'' V. Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
was an agent of the proprietary, would have made the survey, had he supposed it to confer a title adversary to that of his principal? a title which would enable the holder, by remaining quiet only one year and three months longer, to set the proprietary at defiance, and to hold the land discharged from the contract by which it was acquired. The very practice of holding back the title* and of giving such extensive indulgence for the payment of the purchase money, seems to demonstrate a general opinion, that, so long as this state of things continued, the title to .the land was still in the proprietary, and the purchaser acknowledged his title. 'The occupation of the purchaser was with the consent of the proprietary, and, consequently, not hostile to his rights. The proprietary permitted the purchaser to hold the land, subject to his claim to the purchase money; and the purchaser held under the admission, that the land rcmained liable to the purchase money, and that the proprietary might, at any distance of time, assert his title to it, so far at least as to secure his purchase money. There seems to have been a mutual understanding and a mutual confidence between the parties. How far the proprietary may have had it in his power to violate this confidence, by seizing the land, and refusing to convey it on a tender of the residue of the purchase money, is a question which does not appear ever to have been determined, or ever to have occurred. But, certainly, during this state of things, the purchaser could not be considered

OF THE UNITED STATES..

as holding a possession adversary to the title which
he acknovledged. It has .been contended, that the .survey of the
manor was a determination of the estate under the warrant, and the assertion of an adversary title, from which time the act of .limitations began to run.
There is certainly nothing in the fact itself, which supports this proposition. All the transactions of the parties contradict it. There is no fact which shows a disposition in the proprietary to reenter on any lands for which a war -ant had previously been granted; nor is any case of such reentry shown, from the first settlement of Pennsylvania. Several instances are mentioned, of grants completed on the common terms, within the manor of Springetsbury, while it was considered by the parties as a manor.. No inference, then, is to be drawn from the facts in the case, favourable to the conclusion, that te survey of a tract of country as a manor, was considered as determining the estates created by surveys on warrants previously issued, the conditions of which bad not been fulfilled by the purchasers. This must be a conclusion of law, from the single act of survey, so inflexible as not to be influenced by the intention with which that act was performed, and the opinion prev.iling at the time, as attested by usage, or the argument cannot be sustained.
But how is this conclusion of law to be. supported ? The survey of a large tract of land cannot beconsidered as an entry on a smaller tract within its lines, as an ouster of the occupant, or even as a

1824. V.
smith,

292
1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
trespass on him. How, then, can such survey be considered as having any legal effect different from the intention with which it was made ? It is indispensable to the argument, to maintain that the mere act of survey does, of itself, in point of law, show an intention inconsistent with the continuance of any conditional estate, within the limits of the manor. This the plaintiffs in error have endeavoured to maintain; and for this purpose have contended, that a new title, which they call the "manorial title," and which they say is distinct from the proprietary title, was created by the survey: that the plaintiffs in error hold under the proprietary title; the plaintiffs in ejectment, under the rhanorial title. Their claims are, consequently, adversary to each other.
But this argument cannot be reconciled with the fact. No new title was created by the survey. There was no source from-which titlecould be derived, othei than from the proprietary himself. The survey wds, not to give a new title, but to separate a certain tract of land from the general mass, which was offered to every adventurer. The effect of this survey was, not to avoid contracts already made, but to give notice to the public, thati these lands were thereafter to be acquired by special contract only. The act of 1779 found this to be the existing state of things; and, in dividing the estates of the proprietaries between the Commonwealth and the former owners, adopted the lines of the manors as the lines of partition between them. This created no new title, but left

OF THE UNITED STATES.

293

to the proprietaries their former title, within the described boundaries.
We perceive, then, nothing, either in the law or the fact-of this transaction, which tends to show that the possession of the plaintiffs in error has been adversary to the rights of the person under whom he originally claimed.
Having considered the act of 1705 as if it were an act of limitations, all the reasoning which has been applied to that act, applies also to the act of 1785, on which the 8th exception is founded. The several treaties forpned with Britain, have a very important influence on the time which has elapsed since the war between the two countries.
The opinion that the plaintiffs in ejectment have still a right, notwithstanding the acts of 1705 and 1785, to proceed at law, presupposes their consent to the continuance of the original title, created by the warrant; for ifthe possession taken under the warrant or survey was not continued with the consent of the proprietary, it immediately became adversary, and the act of limitations immediately commenced. If, then, there be any case in which this assent is not to be presumed, that is a case in which the plaintiff in ejectment is barred by the act of 1705 or 1785.
If, as the Court thinks, the rights of the propriethries were converted, by long acquiescence in the
usage which must have been known to them, of selling the lands, as being liable only for the purchase money; or, by the 7th section of the act of 1779, or by both, united, into a mere right to the purchase money, still the remedy of proceeding

1824,
Kirk
V.
Smith.

294
1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
against the land for the purchase money remains, and is not taken away by the act of 1779. That act, having reserved the purchase money for the proprietor, must, of course, be construed to reserve
his remedy, unless it was expressly taken away. It is not easy to point out any other remedy than this, by ejectment. The original purchaser has transferred; and were his representatives even still liable for the purchase money, which is far from being admitted, they may not be able to pay it, if they could be found. It was not on their personal responsibility, but on the land itself, that the vendor relied. His claim was attached. to the land, and passed with it. The remedy reserved is on the land, not on the person. It would be difficult to form an action at law against the person ; and in Pennsylvania, there is no Court of Chancery, even if a bill in equity could be sustained. The remedy must be by ejectment.
There are other exceptions in the record, which, though not pressed, have not been waived. It was, therefore, the duty of the Court to examine them. The result of that examination is, that the only serious questions in the cause are those which grow out of the acts of 1705 and 1779. These having been rightly decided, there is no error, and the judgment of the Circuit Court is affirmed.

Mr. Justice JOHNSor4, dissented.-The reasoning upon this cause, must be utterly unintelligible to those who hear it, unless premised by the following state of facts:
The grant to William Penn, vested in him and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

295

his heirs, both the soil and sovereignty of the State of Pennsylvania, subject to a few reservations of right and power, not material to be noticed here. But, before his colony took their departure from England, he entered into a variety of stipulations, restricting the exercise of both his power and rights over the territory which they were about to occupy. These are known by the epithets of his conditions or concessions; and it is by one of the articles of this instrument that he precludes himself from setting ppart more than one tenth of the soil, for the several and individual use of his family. The rest was to be granted out to settlers,
on terms which were to be-common to all except those who purchased within the proprietary tenths,. with whom he was at liberty to contract, as he pleased for the sale of his lands.
By the 17th section of the charter, there was power given to the proprietary to erect manors, with right 'of court-baron, frank-pledge, &e., and to grant the land therein, for -estates, which the grantees could not devest of the incident of being held directly of the manor, or the grantee of the manor, who is denominated lord of the manor. The manor of Springetsbury, within which this land lies, was surveyed for the use of the proprie-
taries, and surveyed as a manor. There was evidence in the cause belowi of its having been laid off as early as 1722, but it was certainly resurveyed in 1768; and as the Court below rested the case upon the effect of the resuriey, as equivalent to an original appropriation, I presume the case' does not require that we should look beyond it.

1824. Kirk V.
Smth

296

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Kirk
v.
Smith.

The titles under which the defendants below (and
plaintiffs in appeal,) defend their possession, originated in 1747 and 1748, and would be entitled to unquestionable precedence, but for the follow-
ing facts: The warrants of survey contain a condition in these words, "which survey, in case the said A. B. fulfil the above agreement within six months from the date hereof, shall be valid, otherwise void." The agreement here referred to was, to pay a sum of money, (called, with reference to its fixed amount, the common terms,) in six months. A portion, about one third, of this sum, it appears, was paid, but there was nothing in the cause to sustain the payment of the residue, *unless it was possession, lapse of time, and supposed acquiescence of the proprietaries. When the manor was surveyed in 1768, there were many of these individual land-holders comprized within the lines then laid off, all holding on the common terms; and there were, afterwards, many other tracts sold, upon what are called, in the peculiar language of that country, the terms agreed ; 13y which is understood, according to a value to be adjusted, without confining the vendor to the common terms. Such tracts were sold out to the purchasers of this class, s Penn's individual property. Upon all these lands there were reserved a small annual sum, called quit-rents. In the year 1779, the Legislature passed an act, entitled, an act "for vesting the estates of the late proprie"taries of Pennsylvania in this Commonwealth," by one section of which, the proprietary tenths, or manors, are granted to the proprietaries. " toge-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ther with the quit-rents and other rents reserved thereon." By another, all the lands of the State, except those within the tenths or manors, are exempted from quit-rents, and released from any lien for balances of purchase money, which purchase money is vested in the Commonwealth.
The question is, whether the lands within the manors, granted out to individuals ptevious to surveying the manors, are entitled to the benefit of these exemptions, in common with all lands of the same class within the State; and the action below is an attempt to exclude from that benefit those prior grantees, under the idea that they are excepted by the effect of the reservations infavour of the proprietaries. And this supposed right of the proprietaries is asserted through the medium of an action of ejectment, under the idea that the legal estate is in the grantee of the manor, and only an equitable interest in the tenant, the prior purchaser.
The received doctrines on the subject of what creates a legal estate in a grantee, it must be observed, are altogether peculiar in the State of Pennsylvania. A warrant, a survey, and payment of the consideration money, is held to give an absolute estate in fee, though not consummated by a patent. This subject came on to be considered by this Court, as early as the year 1799; and the law was then clearly recognised to be as I here state it. Judge Iredell uses the expression, as applied to a title so acquired, " a legal title, -as distinguished from an equitable title."
a 3 Dallw, 457.-465. VoL. IX.

297
1824.
Mirk
V. Smitb.

182 4.
kKkirk
V. Smit

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The peculiarities of the, form in which this question comes up, must be attributed to local practice. ' The charge given by the Court, on summing up to the jury, is copied into the record, and exceptions taken to those parts of it which were unfavourable to the defendants below. These exceptions were ten.in number; but only the 4th, 7th, 8th, and 10th, hav been insisted on in argument here. Of these,. I consider the last in numerical order as proper first to be noticed. It is expressed in these words: " Because the evidence exhibited manifested the absence of legal title in the plaintiff's lessee, whereas the Court charged the jury, that he was possessed of the legal title, and as such, entitled to recover in this action."
The Court below has considered the title of the defendants below as a mere equitable title; all its conclusions, from first to last, have their basis in this doctrine. And had it been shown in argument that this idea was sustained by a course of decisions in the State Courts, I certainly should not feel myself at liberty to contest it. But every thing conspires to satisfy me, that the estate vested in the warrantee upon the execution of a.survey, was never considered in any other light than a legal estate, in the jurisprudence of that country. Whatever may be the correct legal construction of the words of the warrant, if such has been the practical construction, communis error facit jits, and it is now too late to criticise on the meaning of terms.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
My reasons for adopting this opinion are the following:
1. I look in vain through the statutes of that State, for any legal provision for entering, avoiding, and regranting lands, for failure in paying the arrears of purchase money. On the contrary. I find an act passed on the 9th of April, 1751. which furnishes a legislative exposition of the lau on this subject. By the provisions of that act. the treasurer is authorized to issue an execution fbr the arrears of purchase money due on lands granted prior to the 10th of December, 1776, and to levy on and sell the land so granted. Thal the warrants and survey created in favour of the State a debt and a lien, is unquestionable; and this is all that the State affirms in passing this law; but, by the same legal provision, it negatives the idea of the property in the soil having ceased to exist in the tenant. No change in this respect was effected by the act of 1779, commonly called the vesting act, since that act only confirms individual c. fates according to their existing qualities.
Nor has the. legislative power been altogether silent on the subject of forfeiture and regrantin : for, by the 10th article of the concessions, there is provision made for regranting lands which may become forfeited for failing, for three yeaps, to seat and improve them. Nor do I believe that there can be produced in the history of the jurisprudence of that country, an instance in which this power of regranting has been extended to any other case.

1824.
Kirk '.
s,,,,

1824.
Kirk V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
2. I think this opinion follows as a corollary to
the proposition, that payment of the consideration money vests a legal estate. For why should a patent be unnecessary, if there remained any act to be done on the part of the proprietary, in order to pass a legal estate? It may be contended, that this doctrine results from the peduliar jurisprudence of that State, in which, for want of Courts of equity, the Courts of law have adopted the maxim, that we must consider that as done which ought to be done. But to this there is a brief and unanswerable reply. Such might be the reason where a 'patent is demanded, and the fees tendered; but such demand and tender have never been insisted on as necessary in support of the general effect of payment of the consideration money, to vest a fee simple absolute, without a patent.
Some analogy may be supposed to exist between this case, and that of mortgagor and mortgagee. But, if so, the relation is reversed, and the converse of the rights and liabilities of the mortgagee results from it. For, the debtor conveys the fee to the creditor, in the ordinary form of mortgaging, and retains only the right to redeem. Here the creditor conveys the estate cum onere. And the question as to the interest vested in the defendants below, whether it was legal or equitable, still recurs. If legal, it bears an analogy with an estate in fee subject to a charge, rather than to an estate subject to a mortgage; in which former case, the creditor could not maintain ejectment.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The only analogy, in my judgment, between this estate, and any one known to the common law, is that of a feoffment on condition. The warrant is the deed, the survey the livery of seisin, and the condition is a condition in deed, as distinguished from a condition in law; and it is also a condition subsequent. In which case, it is clear, that the estste is a legal estate, and remains good until enty made for the forfeiture, by some one legally authorized. This leads to the questions, whether, previous to their formal entry on bringing this ejectment, such an entry was made ? Whether legally made? And what were its legal effects ?
Unless the manorial appropriation of 1768 can be considered as an entry, it is not pretended that any legal eviction of the defendants below ever took place. And as to that, I think it perfectly clear, that it could, on no principle, operate as a legal eviction. It was an act, on every principle, perfectly consistent with the full and unmolested enjoyment of the premises in question. And this consequence follows, whether we consider it in the light of a simple designation of metes and bounds, over which the original proprietary rights were retained, or, what appears to be the more proper view, as an original grant, converting it from an interest existing in the proprietary, in his political capacity, into an estate held by him in his individual relations to the society, of which lie was both a member and a ruler. In the first view, there was no sensible chapge made in the estate, as it existed previously in this, and the whole ter-

1824.
Kirk
V. Smith.

1824. ,Khir-k V.
Smith.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ritory; and in the second, the interest acquired. or efibct produced, could be nothing beyond that of a grant to aryindividual, other than the proprietary. In the latter case, it is perfectly clear, that
running the circumscribing lines, would be no trespass or eviction. These appropriations to the proprietary, were intended to operate'exclusively upon unseat6d territory. On that which had been, previously surveyed to individuals, they could produce no effect whatever; otherwise they' might as well have dispossessed those who held by a perfect, as those who held by an inchoate title. Although circumscribed by the lines of the manor, the seated tracts composed no part of the thing appropriated; they could not have been estima_ed as any part of the proprietary's tenths; and there never was a doubt of his righthaving still existed, to extend the limits of his survey, so as to take in as much land as he was deprived of by these prior included individual appropriations. A different construction would be greatly to his prejudice, inasmuch as he might, by possibility, have lost the whole of his tenths, by taking in the grants to others. This view of the subject, I shall again have reason to recur to, on another point.
But, if this circumscribing. survey could, on any principle, be held equivalent to an entry, it is still necessary to maintain that it was a legal entry. And this I am prepared to negative, upon various grounds. It is obvio: , tha't such an entry must be justified, either on tite ground cf personal right V1 lego] I ,,t'o,. A mere arbitr., %power to resurvey, did vi: t exist in the pro ,rie!,,rv : the uro'inr

OF THE UNITED STATES.

303

of Pennsylvania had taken the form of a State, governed by a wise and beneficent government, in which the will ofthe proprietaryhad been subjected to the public will, and his allodial interests circumscribed to his purchase money and quitrents, and his reserved tenths. As to the land seated under warrants to individuals, he was bound by his own concessions and the legislative will ; and I see no power delegated by law to any one to enter and evict for failure to pay the consideration money reserved on such appropriations ; nor have we been told of any practice on this subject, that could be construed into a national acquiescence, in the exercise of such a power. The debt and the lien remained, but the right of eviction and regranting for non-payment, was never legalized nor asserted, nor could it, in any case, have been tolerated, without a tender of that part of the consideration money which had been already paid. Again, an entr& for condition broken, inust be made as such, and-with intent to produce the legal effects of an entry; a mere casual friendly passing of the boundaries of the premises will be unconsequential; but here, he sole object of the survey
of 1768, was to appropriate unseated land, and not to assert a title to that which had been previously appropriated. The present claim is but an after thought; a speculation upon the possible effect of an act not intended to produce eviction.
This leads to another conaideration, operating against both the fact and legality of this supposed entry, for condition broken. It is agreed, on all
hands, 'that -proof of the full payment of the con-

1821.
KIrL
v.
Smith.

1824
Kirk v. snb.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sideration money, would have been conclusive against the title of the plaintiffs below. But why may not .presumption of such a payment arise from length of time and acquiescence ? and that
of the plaintiff below be left as a fact to the jury ? If resumption of a patent may, under circumstances, be left to a jury in favour of possession, much more so may a fact so much less solemn in its nature, and more difficult of proof, as payment. In this case, and in all cases arising in Penhsylvania, such a fact may well be submitted, since in practice it has superseded the issuing of a patent, and may well tempt the parsimony of purchasers, since the expense of a patent has become an expense of supererogation. The long forbearance and acquiescence of the proprietaries, can be referred only to one of three causes: a consciousness that they had acquired nothing in the seated lands within their manorial appropriations; that they had no right to enter on the premises previously seated; or, that the title init was perfected by payment. All which would operate against both the fact and legality of the supposed entry.
From these considerations, I am led to adopt the opinion, that the title of the defendants below was a legal title, and the better title ; that if voidable, it could be avoided only by entry for conditions broken. That no such entry was made, or was intended to be made, or could be legally nade ; and that they were, therefore, entitled to a charge in their favour. With this view of the subject, it may not be necessary for me to go farther. But it comportw with the practibe of this

vi,' THE UNITED STATES,

Court, that I should express an opinion on the

other points in the cause.

And fifst, as to the bearing of the act of confiscation, on the subject of this suit.

The Court below appears to have considered a

manor in the light of a geographical tract, or por-

tion of territory designated by metes and bounds.

I, on the oontrary, consider the term as designa-

ting an estate or legal interest within the geogra-

phical limits. In this sense, nothing will be corn-

prized in the meaning of the words of the 8th

section of the law, but those -tracts of land within

those limits which were held of the manor; or,

in the peculiar language of that country,. granted

on terms to be agreed. It is very clear, that the

8th section of the act of confiscation was not in-

tended to convey to the proprietaries any interest

not previously existing in them. Now, how did

a manorial appropriation operate upon the lands.

that had been seated previous to such appropria-

tions? It is clear that it vested no interest in

such lands, nor any thing incident to them. If

the whole purchase money had been paid, the in-

dividual's estate was consummated. And if the

whole was not paid, it is admitted in the charge,

that the proprietary could not change the tenure

or the terms of purchase. And so far were these

previously seated tracts from being considered in

law as making part of the manor, that the pro-

prietary's right to indemnify himself from adja-

cent unseated territory, for the deduction from

his tenths, caused by these excepted tracts, has

begn solemnly recognised in that Court. Then.

Vox. XX.

39

1824.
Kirk
V.
Smith.

1824.
Kirk
v. Smith.

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT
though within the manor, they were not of the manor; as well might an island or an oasis be denominated water or desert. And there were unan:werable reasons, in justice and policy, why
such land should have been so considered. It is asserted that the proprietaries never, in fact, exercised any of those privileges and powers within the tracts denominated manors, which were authorized by the charter. But this consideration has no influence upon'my opinion; for, 1st, I see no reason, except the intervention of the revolution, why the proprietaries, or lords of the manors, may not have assumed thn exercise of those privileges. In case of escheats, tiLUru can be no doubt that they would have asserted one manorial right, and were probably prevented from asserting all, only because in the actual state of the province, they would have been burthensome, and unproductive. But, 2dly, They did assert one important privilege within those limits, a privilege which they were precluded by law from exercising beyond those limits. This was the right to demand a higher price for the lands within their manors, than that to which they had restricted themselves in the State at large. And this appears to me to establish a familiar and definite ground of discrimination, by which to determine the operation of this act of confiscation, in any given case. Was the land held on the common terms, or the terms agreed? It cannot be disputed that the general purpose of the act of confiscation was, to distinguisn between the land appropriated to the individual use of the propric-

O(" 'PRE UNIED STATE.-7

307

taries, and that over which they were held to exercise only a political power, or fiduciary interest. They were permitted to acquire an indnidual property in one tenth of the territory of the State ; and the lands so appropriated, as well as the proceeds of the sale of such lands, were meant to be set apart to them, while that which had been seated by individuals, as a part of the unappropriated nine tenths, reserved to the community, -was intended to be confiscated. Any other construction would go to imply, that the State had reserved to the proprietaries, territory which was no part of their legal tenths; and, also, that but for this reservation, the act of confiscation would have devested individual interests not intended to be confiscated.
But let us examine more particularly the provisions of .this act, with a view to determining its just construction. And here let me premise, that, for all the purposes of this suit, I care not whether the 9th section of the act vests in the proprietaries the balances due on the tracts within the manor, -sold on the common terms, or not. The question here is, whether they are entitled to judgment in a suit in 9jectment, and of consequence, to a writ of possession, for I cannot distinguish the one from the other. I wholly reject the doctrine of suing for possession, and recovering money; of suing for land, and recovering pounds, shillings and pence. Such a perversion of means might proceed from positive legislation; and, in the State of Pennsylvania, where an amalgama-
tion of law and equity necessarily grows out of

1824.
Kirk
V. Smi.

1824.
(irk
V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
the want of an equity jurisdiction, the practice has grown up, of giving an alternative judgment in such cases, for either the land or the money, or rather for the money to be levied on the I'1d. But this Court is expressly prohibited from thus confounding legal and equitable proceedings, and the whole opinion of the Court below proceeds on a recognition of the necessity of puriuing the two classes of legal and equitable rights, by their appropriate remedies. I have said, and in this I do not understand myself as differing from this Court, that the only practical effect of the terms of the warrants to individuals is, to create a debt and a lien; but surely a tenant may covenant to stand seised, subject to a charge in gross, and yet retain the legal estate. And even in the drdinar) case of a mortgage, where the legal estate passes from the debtor to the creditor, and the converse of the present case exists, an assignment of the debt is no conveyance of the legal estate to the assignee. A Court of equity will pass the one as an incident to the other; but in a Court of law, the assignee could not maintain ejeetment. And that is the only question here. If-it be said, that although in this suit the plaintiff below may not be entitled to recover the land, but may avail himself of this form of action to recover the purehaso money due, I consider it as an abandonment of the question; for, the debt, if existing, was but an equitable lien, and the remedy here resorted to, is a common law remedy. I think, however, I shall show, that although the debt exists, the lien is taken away by the act of confiscation; and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

309

though the debt be due, it is not due to these parties, but to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
In following this act of confiscation through the detail of its provisions, we find, that after four seetions, setting forth the views and motives of the
Legislature, the fifth section, or "first enacting clause, contains a general assumption of the soil and sovereignty of the State, and a revocation of the charter toPenn, as fullyto use itsownlanguage,
"as if the same were therein transcribed and repealed." The sixth section asserts the future exclusive appropriation of the "soil and lands, hereditaments and premises, to be in the Legislature of the State;" and, under the operation of these two clauses, it is very clear, that every right, civil and political, of the proprietaries, "of, in, or to the soil" of Pennsylvania, derived under the charter, was (subject to the exceptions in the same act) vested in the Commonwealth, "freed and discharged," as the act expresses it, "from and against all estates, uses, trusts," "charges,, inc'umbrances, titles, claims, and demands whatsoever." And all the title which they now hold therein, they hold by virtue of the provisoes contained in the 8th and 9th sections. But to understand the force and meaning of those two sections, I deem it material. that the language and effect of the 7th section should be duly weighed. This section contains a general confirmation of all the estates, legal and equitable, derived from the proprietaries, their officers, &o. or otherwise, or to which any person or persons, oiie7 tk an the proprietaries,were entitled, either by deed, patent, warrant, or sztrrc,'.

1824.
Mirk
V.
Smith.

1824.
Kirk
,.. s.,ith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
on the 4th of July, 1776. This clause operates in favour of all persons "other than the proprietaries," and confirms, unquestionably, the estates of these defendants below, in common with every
other citizen. The next proviso, (8th section,) is confined to the subject of the estates and interests of the proprietaries. And here it is obvious, that three subjects claimed the attention of the Legislature. Their estates and interests were distributable into three classes : they held property acquired, in common with every other individual, "by devise, purchase, descent," &c.; they held other property, under the reservation of a tenth of the soil, to their individual use ; and they held, or claimed, a third class of interests, as proprietaries, which clashed with that eminent domain, which was now about to be assumed by the State of Pennsylvania. The latter, the State determined to confiscate, and compensate them for; the former two, to preserve to them unviolated. And these considerations draw a line of demarkntion between the subjects of this act, infinitely more definite and rational, than that marked out by trees or streams. The estates held upon the common terms, were those which constituted the third class; and the phraseology of the act appears to me to be in perfect accordance with the general intent. On this point, I hold it to be an important fact, that, without exception, throughout these two sections, tenths and manors are never used apart; they are constantly considered synonimous and equivtdent. Now, although a manor may, by common accepta!ion, be considered as a geographical section, 0

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tenth is a term of comparison and quantity, and 1824. has direct relation to that interest which the pro- "77h' prietaries had acquired, and might acquire, as a V. distinct individual property in the soil. I consi- sitb. der, therefore both manor and tenth, as here used, as designating estate and interest, and not geographical limits. And why should it be held a reservation, by geographical limits ? Let it be remarked, that it is no immaterial question to the defendants in the Court below, not only as it affects their interests, but as it affects their claims upon the justice and impartial legislation of country. There can be no reason assigned, why they should be excluded from the benefits which this act confers upon citizens of their class, and, in fact, subjected ,to confiscation. There are important interests growing out of this act to all other landholders, upon common terms ; they are exempted from quit-rents, and the lien for the balance of purchase money is taken from off their lands. Can there be a reason assigned, why those of this class who, by the caprice or cupidity of the proprietaries, or their agents, have been embracedwithin the lines of their surveys, should be excluded from the common benefits extended to their fellow citizens? The injustice of such a dmcrimination is conclusive on the construction of thea ct, if an act is to be construed according to the intent,of the Legislature. With regard to those who held of the:manor, or held, as is usually said, on terms.agreed, the case is widely different. It is the effect of their own individual contracts with the proprietary. They are; by the nature of

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
RKirk
V-.
Smith.

their relation to the proprietaries, distinguished from those of the other class, and have nothing to complain of. Their quit-rents and arrears were considered as debts due to their landlord, and the
Legislature intended to take from the Penns nothing which belonged to them in their individual capacity.
Again; extending the construction of the act to the geographical limits of the manor, leads to the most absurd consequences.
It has been insisted, that it was lawful, in -urveying the manors, to include within their boundaries the grants to individuals. This is readily conceded; and the inference from the fact, is directly the reverse of what has been attributed to it. Did the Legislature mean, by the proviso in favour of the Penns, to reserve to them their legitimate tenths; or did they mean, by possibility, to reserve to them half the State ? There cannot be a doubt that, although any particular survey had embraced half a county, yet if the vacant land within it had amounfed to no more than a tenth, the appropriation would have been duly made, and valid. But could the Legislature ever have intended to exclude all the individuals thus circumscribed, from the common benefits of grantees on the common terms? to have subjected them to the most odious and unmerited exceptions? Could the State have intended to permit the proprietaries, under the pretext of surveying a tenth, to cast their net over half its limits? It was for the very reason that including individual surveys made them no part of the manor, that the right to include previous

OF THE UNITED STATES.

locations to individuals was tolerated. It had not entered into the mind of man to conceive, that

they thereby produced any change in the relation which subsisted between those individuals and the

Commonwealth; or could expose them to be se-

parated from the mass of the community, in the

several legislation of the State; or exclude them from an equal participation in all the benefits of

the revolution. But by this geographical con-

struction, without any act or offence on their part,

they are shut out from immunities extended to

others, who had no greater claims upon the com-

munity than themselves.

Bt again; if we are to construe this act with-

out a reference to its general spirit and intent, we

have but to carry the principle through, in order

to involve us in irreconcilable absurdity, and such

as will oblige us, for the purpose of common

sense, to come back to the very principle of con-

struction which I would apply to the law through-

out. A liberal construction of the 8th section,

vests in the Penns the whole geographical con-

tents of their manors, whether sold or unsold; and

then adds to the grant the rents reserved out of

the parts sold. The words are, "All the lands,

&c. duly surveyed, &c., together with the quk

or other rents, or arrearages of rent, reserved out

of the said proprietary tenths, or manors, or any

part or parts- thereof sold." Now, to reduce this

section to the standard.of common sense, we have

at once to reject the geographical limits, and cir-

cumscribe the thing granted to the estate or inte-

rest existing in the Penns at the time specified,

VOL. IX.

40

1824.
Kirk
Smith.

$14
1824. k Kirk
IV:
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Nor is it immaterial, to note the particalar phraseology here made use of. The words are, "reserved out of the said proprietary tenths, or manors, or the part or parts thereof which have been sold." Now the lands sold to these defendants below, were sold out of the general funds of the State, and the quit-rent on these was reserved out of the land of the.State, and not of the manor, for that had no legal existence when this sale and reservation were made. The land was not sold as part of the manor, .nor was the rent reserved out of part of the manor.
But, secondly; there is not a pretext for this supposed resulting legal estate in the Penns, except the assumed reservation to them of the balance of purchase money on the grants held within their lines upon common terms. And how does this stand ? It will be found tobe only an implied gtant, to which this implied legal estate is appended; an implication tacked to another implication; and finally, as the concluding link of this ehain of implication, that ejectment is the remedy reserved for the recovery of that balance of the purchase money, which is itself the subject of the first implication.
If the rights of the Penns be circumscribed by the. positive enactments of this law, then are they not only precluded from all claim to the balances due by this class of gl~antees, but also from those doe by every description of purchasers; for there ig, no positive provision in the law which vests those balances in them. Their quit-rentsare expressly reserved to them in the-maxors, but not so,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

315

with their balances of purchase money. But in the 9th and 10th sections, these arrearages of purchase money are excepted from the provisions of the Lw, without any express declaration to whom they shall belong; and from this, an implication is supposed to result in their favour. But surely, so far as relates to the balances due by the general grantees, the implication is so far from being a necessary implication, that its bearing is altogether the other way; the implied intent of the Legislature is against a construction so obviously inconsistent with the general purposes of that body; a construction producing such an unjust, unreasonable, and improbable discrimination between innocent aid equally meritorious men of the same class. Construe the act so as to confine the grant to the Penns to their private interests in the manors, and it becomes sensible and consistent throughout; and while it secures to them, on the one hand, all the interests which, as individuals, they are entitled to; on the other hand, you extend to all other indiv:-
dual citizens, one uniform rule of legislation and relief
Again; there is no reason for supposing that when the Legislature uses the terms tenths and manwrs aforesaid, in the 9th section, or the said tenths and manors,in the 10th section, that it uses them in any other sense than that in which they are used in the 8th section. The terms used, in fact, identify their meaning. But a correct construction of the terms used in the 8th section, in describing these tenths, or manors, is fatal to all implication in favour of the Penns. with referencei to any

1824.
Ii-r'k V.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
K irk'h
v.
Smith.

interest in the lands legally seated, previous to their appropriation. The words are, "tenths, or .manors, duly surveyed and returned into th land office." But who will deny, that these words are to be construed with reference to the intent and effect of such surveys? And what 'was that intent and effect ? simply to appropriate unseated lands. Would these proprietaries have been content in laying off these surveys, to have been precluded and deprived of half their interest by previous surveys, over which they could not have exercised the right of 'Selling or retaining, as they thought proper ? If not, then, so far as relates to previously ceded lands, they never were appropriated by them, and it cannot be predicated of them, that in the sense of the parties they were surveyed ad returned.
The construction now contended for, is obviously an after thought of the plaintiffs below, growing :entirely out of a supposed ambiguity in the words
of the confiscation act, and would have been strenuously resisted, had they been so applied when their surveys of manors were first made. . Again; the rule of construction applicable to leases and wills are not essentially different in their principles. In legislating on this subject, the State had assumed all the rights, and, at least, could exercise all the powers of a manor-holder, in making his last will. Although by the charter, the purchasers under manors are restricted from any alienation of their.purchases, by which they might be devested of the incident of holding directly of the manor, it is obvious that such a change of

OF 'iHE UNrTED STATES.

'317

estate might be produced, by the act of the manor- 1824. holder. Suppose, then, the grantees of the ma- " Kirk nor of Springctsbury had sold any portion of the V. soil, and devested it ofthis incident, lying, we may suppose, in the very centre of the whole, would a devise in the very words of this act, "to wit, of the manor of Springetsbury, s duly surveyed and returned," have been construed to carry the portion previously disposed of? Or, to pursue the analogy further; suppose the purchase money unpaid, and a covenant by indenture of the tenant to pay the money to the vendor and his heirs, and even to hold the land charged with the payment, would a devise of the manor carry the money so reserved, or the devise of the debt carry the freehold in the land sold ?
But, on this doctrine of implication I will make another observation. It is rebutted by the provisions of the instrument itself; and, in the case of a will, would be considered as an undisposed residue; for, when we look through the whole act, and find this 8th section to be the only one which purports to give any thing to the proprietaries, their whole interest having been previously confiscated; and when, -in this section, we find their in-, dividual interests in the soil of the State, whether acquired as other individuals, or as proprietary appropriations, darefully designated, and even to the arrearages of quit-rents on such lands, expressly reserved to them; surely the implication arises, that this section was intended to embrace the whole provision meant to be made for them out of the common patrimony of the State.

CASES IN TIM sUPREME COURT

1824.
Kirk v.
Smitb.

The omission to mention and reserve the arrearages of purchase money due on the manorial sales, might, with much greater reason, be urged as raising a presumption against their claims even to those balances. This, however, I reject; and for a reason which serves to throw some light upon the subsequent clauses of this statute; which is, that as the. Legislature, in so many words, recognises these alienations as individual sales; they very properly considered the balances due thereon -asprivate debts; and, as no confiscation of private debts could be implied -from the enacting clauses of the act, so no express reservation of such balances was deemed necessary. The subsequent exceptions in favour of balances due on manorial lands, therefore, I consider as intended only to guard against an extension of the words of the law to such individual contracts. The nine tentht of the soil, and the balances of *purchase money due on such parts as had passed to individuals, they considered as the property of the body politic, and appropriated it as such to the State. "The one tenth set apart for the proprietaries, they propose to put on the same footing with their'individual interests, properly so called, and with it, to.Teserve. to them the balances due on the lands appropriated to themselves. These are fair and consistent inferences, if not positive enactmnrts; but it would be much more consistent with the positive enactmeats, to hold, that all the balances due on the lands cirpumserihed by the manorial lines, were still at the disposition of the Legislature, -than that they meant to

OF THE UNITED STATES.
confer on the Penns more than they have declared, or made discriminations among the citizens at large, which no reason or policy could justify.
Upon the questions that have been raised upon the operation of the law, commonly called the seven years law, or the law of 1705, (though of much greater antiquity,) it may be proper to make a few remarks.
I cann6t see a reason why this law should have been supposed obsolete, more especially with reference to the early day in which it must have acted upon the interests of the parties in this cause. On the contrary, it appears to have been a favourite law of the colony, for wt find it enacted and re-enacted, in opposition. to reiterated repeals by the King in council, as will be seen by reference to Carey and Bioren's edition of the Laws. In the same work, we find it printed under sanction of the Legislature, and republished under the same authority, as lately as 1810. Indeed, upon reference to the concessions which composed the fundamental laws of the. colony, we find the very law in'its present terms; and are led to the conclusion, that its constitutional character gave it a peculiat sanctity in the eyes of the Commonwealth. Another consequence, also, results fr6m its very early enactment; which is, that, contrary to a ground taken in argument, it must be construed as having a prospective effect, since it was adopted at a time when there could not have existed a case for it to govern, if solely retrospective. Of this law it has been remarked, that for 116 years it does not appear that a cause

319
184.
Kirk
.
Smith.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Kirk v.
Smith.

has been won or lost on thebasis of it. And had
the decisions of the State Courts, prior to the revolution, been preserved, the observation would have had its influence. But in the absence of
reports of such adjudications, there cannot exist such satisfactory evidence on the subject as to sustain the fact. One thing is very certain, that some beneficial, influence must have been felt from its existence, or it would not have bebn"so often and so pertinaciously insisted on by the colonists. If it covered their estates in no other way than by preventing suits, its great purposes were answered; and its sovereign influence, in this respect, may well be inferred, from the assumed non-existence of decisions at law. It preserved health, if it did not cure disease. At present, it is unquestionably repealed by the act of 1785, for the two acts cannot stand toget:1er. The latter act extends the limitation of suits to twenty-one years;
but if the limitation of seven years would produce the same effect, then would the prior law repeal the latter, or'render it a mere nullity. And this accounts for its not having been heard of for the last forty years, which may be called the period of reported causes. Its repeal, however, at that time, has no influence upon its previous effect upon the rights of these parties.
It has been reimarked of this law, as incontestable, that it could not convert an equitable into a legal estate: But-this doctrine appears to me to do more than render the law obsolete; it renders it a mere nullity in its origin. Wha is gained by an estate's continuing an eguitableestate ? From

OF THE UNITED STATES.

its inherent strength, unaided by the law, if ac-

companied with continued possession, it would

continue a good equitable estate; and why should

not the comprehensive words, "shall for ever give

an unquestionable title against all," be construed

into a transmutation from an equitable into a legal

title? How can any but a good legal title be

denominated an unquestionable title? and why

should not all comprise ligal as well as equitable

claimants? The opinion below supposes the sig-

nification of those terms to be circumscribed by

the words " during the- estate." But from this I

must dissent, since these words do not necessarily

conveythat meaning, and are more properly applied

to the distinction of estates into terms for years,

estates for life, estates in fee, in tail, &c.; all

which may be either legal or equitable. Neither

can I acquiesce in that part of the opinion, which

considers a discharge from the purchase money of

the land, as a necessary consequence of giving

effect to the seven years law, as agairst the plain-

tiffs below in this cause; for the lien might con-

tinue, though a legal and absolute estate be vested

in the defendants below. And, to prevent the

operation of this law in favour of the possession,

lest the claim for the purchase money should inci-

dentally be barred, appears to be inverting the

order of things; for, by the acts limiting suits on

contracts, the suit for the purchase money might

by possibility-be barred; while the remedy to re-

cover the land was still in full fo-ce, being of

longer duration. The superior purpose of quiet-

ing estates of freehold, also would. under that

VdJL. rX.

,I'

1824.
Kirk
V.

322
1824.
Kirk
v. Smh.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
doctrine, be controlled by the inferior one of enforcing open contracts, or implied covenants. While the most ordinary means of adjusting contracts for the sale of lands on credit remained in
practice, there could be no danger, in giving credit on sales, of losing both land and money, as the Court supposes. But if that consequence did follow, non constat, but that the public interest, as well as private tranquillity, might have been promoted by it.
To me it appears, that this seven years law has had a sovereign influence over the rights of property in that State. I have no doubt that it is under its influence the doctrine has grown up, that 'a possessor of the soil need not produce a patent to protect his freehold ; as well as the doctrine, that those words which, on the face of the warrant, would seem a condition, shall not be held to produce n ore than a contract and a lien.
But if this se en years law did not quiet the possessic rf the defendants below, I confess I am at a loss to understand the principle upon which that effect is denied to the limitation act of 1785. Was their estate void or voidable, legal or equitable? In every point of view, the law appears to me to operate in their favour.
The opinion below is thus expressed: " Possession, to create a bar by length of time, must be adverse, which it cannot be, if the defendant's entry was under a title derived from the plaintiffs." That a possession, to sustain a bar under the act, must be adverse, is unquestionable. But when the Court comes, in the next member of the

OF THE .UNITED STATES.
period, to explain what is meant by an adverse possession, we find the doctrine asserted, that a possession cannot, be held adverse to the title of him from whom it is derived. This doctrine I
hold to be altogether untenable; and this sentence alone, though every other idea be put out of the case, would, in my view of the subject, entitle the plaintiffs here to a reversal of the judgment. The title acquired by a vendee is most peculiarly adverse to that of him from whom he purchases.
But under what view of the subject could these plaintiffs be held mere tenants at will to the parties plaintiffs below? or their possession any other than an adverse possession? They did not hold as the agents or representatives of .those through whom they derived the title. From the time of entering info possssion, they held in virtue of the estate in themselves, and not that of -any other. If the idea is, that the proprietaries might at any time have entered upon them, and in that sense, the estate was held at their will, the answer is, that is one of the very cases that the act of limitation provides against; for-it takes away that volition in the proprietary, unless the entry be made in twenty-one years. But the fact was not so ; these tenants did n6t hold at the will of the proprietaries, for all those wfio acquired under the common terms were taken under the care of the law, and we find act upon act to regulate the proceedings of the proprietary towards them. The right to turn them out by the shoulders never existed in the proprietary; he must have resoi ted to his entry, or suit, to recover possession they were

323
1824.
Kirk
Y.
smith

324
1824. Kirk
V.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
considered as holding a freehold, and the law did
not entitle him to resume possession arbitrarily. It was the doctrine of that State; that his rights were restricted to the payment of the purchase
money and quit-rents, at least until he tendered a return of advances and improvements. It cannot be imagined that the reservation of quit-rents converted the purchasers into tenants at will ; neither principle nor authority would sanction the idea. Nor can I perceive any thin'g either in the legal relations or contracts of these parties, that could sustain the doctrine that the possession o.f the defendants was permissive, and identified with that of the proprietary. A tenancy at will, must be the result of contract, express or implied.; but a freehold granted on condition, is not converted by forfeitur& into a tenancy at will. Yet, had it been otherwise, surely lapse of time, general acquiescence, and received opinion, ought tobe held to produce the same cansequences as to the tenure of property in 'this State, which were produced by the same causes in England upon the tenure by copy of court-roll. That which was in its origin nothing but a tenure at will, retains now nothing of its origin bot tho formula which attests its his.
tory. To conclu,e let the estate of these defendants
below be considered as either void or voidable, and I see not how the act of limitations is to be escaped by their antagonist. If voidable, on failure to pay the purchase money, the entry is expressly taken away by that statute; and if void, they cannot be reduced lower than to the grade

OF THE iJNITED STATES.
of tenants by sufferance, with regard to whom entry and suit was just as indispensable, as with regard to any other tenure. (Co. Lit. 57.) In the application of the doctrines on the statute of limitations, the incidents to the two tenures ought not to be confounded.

~3255
1824.
Taylor
v. M n,

Judgment affirmed.

[DEvIsE. CONIDITION PIECEDENT OIL SUBSEqU-NT.)'
ROBERT J. TAYLOR and others, Appellants.
V.
JOHN THOMPSON MASON, Respondent.
Ri.B., being seised of lands in Maryland, made three instruments of writing, each purporting to be his will. The first, dated in 1789, gave his whole estate to his nephew, J. T. M., after certain pecuniary legacies to his other nephews and nieces. In the second will, dated in 1800, the testator gave his whole real estate to J. T. Ml., during his life; and after his death, to his eldest son, A., in tail, on condition of his changing his name to .. Barnes, with remainder to the heirs of his nephew, J. T. M., lawfully begotten, for eve;, on their changing their sumrnames to Barnes.
The third will, which was executed after the others, and probably in 1805, after some small bequests, proceeded thus: 1 give the whole of my property, after complying with that I have mentioned, to the male heirs of my nephew, J. T. M., lawfully egllen, for ever, agreeably to the law of England, which was the law of our State before the revolution, that is, the oldest male heir to take all, on the following terms: that the name of the one that may hare the right at the age of twenty-one, with his consent, be changed to A. Barnes, by an.act of public authority of the State, without any name 'added, together with his taking an oath, before he has

OF THE UNITED STATES.

since the cause may be disposed of without enter-. ing upon the discussion of them.
It .is the opinion of the Court, that the .Circuit Court erred in instructing the jury, that the records aforesaid entitled the plaintiff to a verdict; and the judgment must, therefore; be reversed, and a ve· irefacias.de ovo be awarded.

1824.
Sebree
v. Dofr.

Judgment accordingly.

[Lix Loci.]
KERR, Appellant, V..
The D.visEEs oF A. MooN, Resgondents,
The disposition of real property, by deed or will, is subject to the" laws of the country where It is Eituated.
Where the devisor was entitled to warrants for land in the Viiginim Military District, in the State of Ohio, under the laws and ordinances of Virginia, on account of his military services, and made a will in Kentucky, devising the lands, which was duly proved and registered according to.the laws of that State: Hd,that although the title to the land was merely equitable, and that not to any specific tract ofland, it'cquld not pass, unless by a will proved and registered accordingto the laws of Ohio.
Even addiiftng it to have been pirsonal property, a person claiming " under a will proved in one State, cannot intehueddle with, or sue for, the effects of 'a testator in another State, unless the will be proved
In thelatter State, or it is permittid by somelaw of that State. Letters testamentary give to an"executor no authority to sue for tfie
personal estate of his testator, out of the jurisdiction of the State by which they were granted. Under the statute of Ohio, which permits wills made in other States

566
1824.
, '-' . Kerr v. Moon.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
concerning property in that State, to be proved and recorded in the Court of the county where the property lics, it imiut appear that te requisitions of the statute have been pursued, in order to give the will the same validity and effect as if made within the State.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio.

Feb. 20th. This cause was argued by Mr. Scott for the appella-it, and by Mr. Brush for the respondents.

.'farch15th. Mr. Justice WAsM.IaTON delivered the opinion of the Court.

The respondents filed their bill in the Circuit Court for the District of Ohio, in which it is stated, that Archelaus Moon was, in his lifetime, entitled to warrants for 4000 acres of land in the Virginia Military District, between the Scioto and
Little Miama rivers, jn the State of Ohio, under the ordinances and laws of Virginia, on account of his services as a captain in the Virginia line on continental establishmeni, during tho war of the -revolution. That, being so entitled, he, on-the 8th of May, 1796, in the county of Fayette, in Kentucky, where he resided, duay made and pulblishod his last will and testament, which, after his decease, in the same year, was proved and admitted to record in the Caurt of that county; an authenticated copy whereof, with the probate annexed, is made an exhibit, and referred to as part .of the bill. That by this will, the testator devised the aforesaid land to the complainants, his widow and children. The bill then sets forth, that on the 2d of January, 1809, four warrants, for 1000 acres

OF rHE UNITED STATES.

each,. were granted to Robert Price, assignee of Josiah P. Moon, and Ge· orge C. Friend, and Martha his wife, formerly Martha Moon, who are described in the assignment, as the only children and representatives of Archibald Moon, deceased; which warrants were, some time in the shme or he succeeding year, assigned by Price to the defendant Kerr, who, in March, 1810, made fifteen entries or locations thereon, amounting in the whole to 3723 acres, leaving 277 acres unlocated. That, some time in the winter of 1811, the complainants gave notice to Kerr of their claim to the said warrant6 and land, and of their intention to prosecute the same, personally, in writing, and by a publication in a newspaper printed in Chilicothe. That Archelaus and Archibald Moon were the same name and person, and that Josiah P. Moon and Martha Friend were hi. children by his first wife, and were disinherited by the aforesaid will. That the defendant had notice that the assignment to Price was fraudulent. The.bill prays a discovery of the matters so alleged,, and a decree thatthe defendant Kerr assign the evidences of title to the said Alands to the complainants, and Por general relief.
The answer admits that the defendant purchased from Robert Price, in September, 1809, four several land. warrants, for 1000 acres each, for which he paid and secured to be paid to said "Paice, the sum of 2663 dollars. That the warrants -issued for the military services of Archibald Moon, and that they were assigned to the defendant at.the time of his purchase. That in March, 1810, and at different times thereafter, the defen-

1824.
I-Herr
V.
Moon.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Xer
V. Moon.

dant made various entries of land on the said Swarrants, in the Virginia military district, believing his title to said warrants to be unquestionable ; and
that the lands so located are owned either by the
said defendant, or by Ihose to whom he had sold
them. The defendant denies the notice charged in the bill, except that, in the winter of 1811, he
saw the publication in whic.h the claim of the complainants was asserted, before which'time he had sold a great part of the lands to different persons for a valuable consideration, the principal .part of which he had received, and that some of the purchasers have made valuable improvements on the lands. He denies all knowledoe of the will, or that the complainants are the heirs or devisees of said Moon.
To this answer a general replication was put in, and a number of depositions were taken and appear in the record. 'The material Wacts which they establish are, the execution of A[oon's will; the proof of it,. and its admission to record in the County Court of Fayette, in Kentucky; the destruction by fire of the Clerk's office of that County in 1802 or 1803, with most of its records; and that an attested copy of the above will was procured and admitted to record in the said County
.Court, in conformity with a special act ;f the State of Kentucky, for supplying the evidence,of deeds, wills, and other records of the said office, which had been consumed. That the testator was sometimes called Archelaus, and at other times A'ehibald; and that he h d four children -by his first wife, of whom Josiah P. and Martha were

OF THE UNITED STATES.

two, and six children by his last wife, whd, with

his widow, are the plaintiffs in this suit.

After a reference -to the Master, and the coming in of his report, a final decree was made thereon,

that the defendant, Kerr, assign to the complain-

ants all the warranfts, entries, and surveys procu-

red under the warrants granted to Price, and by

him assigned to the defendant; that Kerr was

to be paid by the complainants, for his trouble and

expense in locating and surveying the said lands,

at the rate ofZ12 10s. per 1000 acres ; and also,

the sum of 487 dollars-and 48 cents, which he had

paid for taxes on the said lands, with interest there-

on. From this decree an appeal was taken to this

Court.

The objection principally relied upon by the ap-

pellant's counsel is, that no estate in the lands in

controversy passed by the will of Archelausfloon

to the respondents, because the same wag not pro-

ved and recorded in any Court of the State of

Ohio, where the landcs lie, in conformity with the

existing laws of that State. By an ordinance of

Congress, for the government of the territory

north-west of the river Ohio, passed on the 13th

of July, 1787, it is declared, that, until the Gover-

nor and Judges should adopt laws as prescribed by

that ordinance, estates in the territory might be

devised or bequeathed by wills in writing, signed

and sealed by the testator, (being of full age,) and

attested by three witnesses; provided such wills

should be duly proved and recorded within one

VOY.. IX.

72

569
1824. -Kerr v.
Mon.

5T7OCASES

IN THE SU REME COURT

i824. .

year after proper Magistrates, Courts, and Registers .should be appointed'for that purpose.
-Itis an unquestionable principle of general law, that the title to, and the disposition of real property, must be exclusively subject to the laws of the country where it is .situated. This was decided in the case of the UMited States v. Crosby,
(7 1-ranch, 115.) . The application of this princi-
ple to the present case, is controverted by the counsel for the respondents, upon the following
gro1u.nTdsh:at the interest of the testator in these
lands ought to be considered and treated as personal estate, and, therefore, it might well pass by a ivill, proved and admitted to record in the State where the testator.died.
2. That by an act of the Legislature of Ohio,
passed on the 25th of January, 1816, authentica-
ted copies of wills, proved according to the laws of any, State or Territory of the United States, relating to any estate within that State, are allowed to be proved in the Court of the county where guch estate shall be; and when so proved and admitted to record, theyI are declared to be good and valid in'law, as wills made in the State.
3 That 'ah no objection was made in the Circuit Court to the admission -of the authenticated copy ofthiswill, it ought not to aVail the appellant in.this Court.
1. It can by no means be admitted, that this is to be. considered in the light of personal property, notwithstanding the title of Moon rested mere-
ly upon a'legislative reservation in his favour by

OF TIE UNITrEr STA'riEs.
the State of Virginia, which was to be afterwards 1824 perfected by the grant of a warrant, and by a lo- HKerr cation, survey and patent. Although his title to . any particular tract of land was, in the first in- 'onf. stknce, altogether uncertain, and, even after locatidn, was purely equitable, still the subject matten" of the devise was land, the title to which could not be acquired or lost,. except in the way prescribed by the laws of Ohio. But could it even be conceded, that this was personal property, it would still be property within the State of Ohio; and we hold it to be perfectly clear, that a person claiming
und era will proved in one State, cannot intermeddle with, or sue for, the effects of a testator in another State, unless the will be proved in that other State, or unless he be permitted to do so by some law of that state. In the case of Doe v. M'Farland,(9 Crauch, 151.) it was decided, that letters testamentary gave to the executors mo atthority to sue for the personal estate of the testator, out of the jurisdiction of the power by which the letters were gratud.
2. The next reason assigned why- the general principle above laid down does not apply to this case, is deemed by the Court altogether insufficient;because, whatever benefit the devisees might have derived under the act of the 25th of January, 1816, had !hey pursued the iequisitions it prescribes, as to which we give no opinion, it is a sufficient answer to the argument drawn from that at, to observe, that its requisitions were not pursued. It permits ..authenticated copies of wills,
proved according to the laws of any State of this

OASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. 6 Kerr
v.
.

Union, relating to any estate within that State, to be offered for probate in the Court of the county
where the estate lies, and authorizes the sa.me to. be there recorded; and it then proceeds to declare the effect of such recording 'to be; to render the will good and voIid, as if it had been made in the State, subject, neiertheless, to be contested as the original might have been. But it does not appear that the copy of this will was offered for probate and admitted to record. Had it.been so
offirerd, it might have been contested, and for any thing that we can say, the sentence of the Court of Probate might have been not to admit it to
record.
.3.The last point remains to be, considered. That, the objection to the validity of this will to pass the .lands in controversy to the respondents, was not made in the Court below, ishighly probable, as we observe that it is not noticed, much less relied upon, in the answer. Neverthelesb,.the will, duly proved and recorded, according to the laws of Ohio,. constituted the sole. title under which the plaiptiffs in the Court*-below claimed the lands in.dispute. It was as essential, therefore, to the establishment of that title, to allege in the-bill, and to prove by the evidence, or by the admission of the defendant, thadthis will had been proved and -recorded, according to the laws' of Ohio, as to set forth and prove the existence of the will itself. The defect in tie title of the" respondents appeais upon the face of the 'bill, and as it.contains no allegation that a copy of the Will had been duly proved and' recorded, the de-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
fendant cannot be said to have admitted those facts by not denying them i·n his answer.
The Court erred, therefore, in decreeing an assignment of all the warrants, entries, and surveys under the warrants, to the complainants.
Considering, as. we must, in the present state of the cause, that A. Moon died intestate as to these lands, they of course descend to those persons who are entitled to the same according to the laws of Ohio; and this is a subject fit to be decided by the Court below, to which the cause must be remanded for further proceedings.

573
1824.
Meredit
v.
Picket.

Decree reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings.

[Loc.L I.w.]
MEREDITH and bthers, Appellants,
V.
PICIET and others, Respondenft
Under the following entry, " H. R. enters SOO acres in Kentucky, by virtue of a warrant for-military services performed by him in the last war, in the fork ef the first fork of LVck ng, running up each fork for quantity ;" it appeared in evidence, that at the first fork of Lidking, the one fork was known and generally distinguished by the name of the South fork, and the other by the name of the main Licking, or the Blue Lick fork, and that some miles above this place the South fork again forked: hed, that the entry could not be satisfied with lands lying in the first fork.

OF THE iJNITED STATES.
of tenants by sufferance, with regard to whom entry and suit was just as indispensable, as with regard to any other tenure. (Co. Lit. 57.) In the application of the doctrines on the statute of limitations, the incidents to the two tenures ought not to be confounded.

~3255
1824.
Taylor
v. M n,

Judgment affirmed.

[DEvIsE. CONIDITION PIECEDENT OIL SUBSEqU-NT.)'
ROBERT J. TAYLOR and others, Appellants.
V.
JOHN THOMPSON MASON, Respondent.
Ri.B., being seised of lands in Maryland, made three instruments of writing, each purporting to be his will. The first, dated in 1789, gave his whole estate to his nephew, J. T. M., after certain pecuniary legacies to his other nephews and nieces. In the second will, dated in 1800, the testator gave his whole real estate to J. T. Ml., during his life; and after his death, to his eldest son, A., in tail, on condition of his changing his name to .. Barnes, with remainder to the heirs of his nephew, J. T. M., lawfully begotten, for eve;, on their changing their sumrnames to Barnes.
The third will, which was executed after the others, and probably in 1805, after some small bequests, proceeded thus: 1 give the whole of my property, after complying with that I have mentioned, to the male heirs of my nephew, J. T. M., lawfully egllen, for ever, agreeably to the law of England, which was the law of our State before the revolution, that is, the oldest male heir to take all, on the following terms: that the name of the one that may hare the right at the age of twenty-one, with his consent, be changed to A. Barnes, by an.act of public authority of the State, without any name 'added, together with his taking an oath, before he has

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Taylor v.
Mason.

possession, before a magistrate of St. Mary's county, and have it Srecorded in the office of the Clerk of the county, that he will not
make any change, during his life, in this my will, relative to my real property. And on his refusing to comply with the above mentioned ternS, to the next male heir, on the above mentioned terms; and so on, to all the male heirs of my nephew, J T. M., as may be, on the same terms ; ar, 1 all of them r.efusing to comply, in a reasonable time after they .ave arrived at the age of twenty-one, say, not exceeding twelve months, if in that Lime it can be doffe, so that no act of intention to defeat my will shall be allowed of; and on their refusing to comply with the terms above n."ntioned,
if any such person may be, then to the son of my late nephew, J. T. M., named A. T. M., on the above mentioned terms; and on his refusal, to his brother, J. T. M. ; and on his refusing to comply with the above mentioned terms, to the heirs male of my nephew, A. B. T. M., lawfully begotten, on the above mentioned terms; and on their refusal, to the male heirs bf my niece, Mrs. C., lawfully begotten, 3n their complying with the above mentioned terms;
and on their reTusal, to the daughter of my nephew, J.T. M., named Mary, so on to any daughter he may have or has." The testator then appoints J. T. M. his sole executor, with a salary of 1600 dollars per annum, for his life, and adds, 't and my will is, that he shall keep the whole of my property in his possession, during his life." He then empowers his executor to manage the estate at his discretion, to employ agents, and to pay them such salaries as he sh.ll think proper; to repair the houses, and build others, as lie ma.y think necessary; to reside at his plantations, and to use their produce for his support; and adds, " after which, to be the property of the person that may have a right to it, as above mentioned." 1Aei, that the conditions, annexed to the estate devised to the oldest male heir of J. T. M., were subsequent and njt precedent, and that, consequently, the contingency on which the devise was to take effect, was not too remote, the estat,) vesting on the death of J.T. M.; to be devested, on the non-performance of the condition. Quire, Whether J. T. M. took an estate tail ? Quirre, Whether the last will revoked those which preceded it?

APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Maryland.
The bill in this cause was filed in behalf of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

327

one of the coheirs of Richard Barnes, deceased, 1824.

and her

children;

and

claims

an

account

of

the

'e' Taylor

profits of his estate, from the defendant, 3. T. V. M., also a co-heir, who claims and holds posses-

sion of the estate, under the will of the said

Richard.

Three instruments of writing, purporting to be

the will of the testator, all of them properly authen-

ticated, were exhibited in the record. The first,

dated on t6e 31st day of October, in the year 1789,

gives his whole estate, after pecuniary legacies to

his other nephews and niece, to the defendant,

J. T. M.

In the second will, which is dated the 16th day of

July, 1800, the testator gives his whole real estate

to J. T. M. during his life, and after his death to

his eldest son, Abraham, in tail, on condition of

his changing his name to Abraham Barnes, with

remainder to the heirs of his nephew, J. T. M.,

lawfully begotten, forever, on their changing their

surname to Barnes.

The third will is without date, but is proved, by

its contents, to have been executed after the others,

probably in the year 1803. After some small be-

quests, the testator says, "I give the whole of my

property, after complying with what I have men-

tioned, to the male heirs of my nephew, J. T. .1).,

lawfully begotten, for ever, agreeable to the law

of England, which was the law of our State before

the revolution, that is; the oldest male heir to

take all, on the following terms -that the name of

the one that may have the right, at the ag of

twenty-one, with his consent, be changed to Abra-

1824. v
Taylor
V. Mason.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
ham Barnes, by an act of public authority of the State, without any name added; together with his taking an oath, before he has possession, before a magistrate of Saint Mary's county, and have it re-
corded in the office of the clerk of the county, that he will not make any change during hiis life in this my will, relative to my real property. And on his refusing to comply with the above mentioned terms, to the next male heir on the above mentioned terms; and so on, to all the male heirs of my nephew, J. T. M., as may be, on the above terms; and all of them refusingto comply, in a reasonable time after they have arrived at the age of twentyone, say not exceeding twelve months, if in that time it can be done, so that no act of intention to defeat my 'ill shall be allowed of; and of their refusing to comply with the terms above mentioned, if any such person may be, then to the son of my late nephew, J. T. M., named A. T. M., on the above mentioned terms; and on his refusal, to his brother, J. T. M.; and on his refusing to comply with the above mentioned terms, to the heirs male of my nephew, A. B. T. M., lawfully begotten, on the above mentioned terms; and on their refusal, to the male heirs of my niece, Mrs. Chichester, lawfully begotten, on their complying with the above mentioned terms; and their refusal, to the daughter of my nephew, J. T. M., named Mary; so on, to any daughter he may have or has." The testator then appoints J. T. M. his sole executor, with a salary of sixteen hundred dollars per year for his life; and adds, "and that my will ist,hat he shall keep the whole of my proper-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ty in his possession during his life." The testator then empowers his executor to manage the estate at his discretion, to employ agents, and to-,Vay them such salaries as he shall think proper; to repair the houses, and to build others, as he may think necessary; to reside at his plantations, and to use their produce for his support; and adds, "after which, to be the property, of the person
that may have a right to it, as above mentioned." The testator also requires his executor to take an oath, "that he will justly account for the property that he may have the power of."
Richard Barnes died in April, 1804, and J.T.M. proved three several paper writings, as his last will, and qualified as his executor. The testator had one brother, who died in his lifetime without issue, and one sister, who intermarried with Thompson Masoni, and died also in the lifetime of the testator, leafing three sons, H. T. M., A. B. T. M., and J. T. M., and one daughter, A. T. M., one of the complainants, who intermarried with R. W. Chichester. The rights of the said A. T. Chichester are conveyed, by deed, to trustees, for the benefit of herself and children. J. T. M. had no son living at the death of the testator, but has two after-born sons, who are now alive.

529
1824. Tylor
V.

The Circuit Court dismissed the bill, and the ause waq brought by appeal to this Court.

The appellants made the following points in

this Court:

1. That the third will, whether its disposi.tioD

VOL. IX.

42

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

IB24.
·Taoylor
V.
Mason.

be valid or not, revokes the other two, since it expresse a clear intention on the part of the testator, to dispose differently of the whole estate.
2. That it gives no estate for life or yearsi ab-
solute or in trust, to JohnThompson Mason, the respondent, but merely the custody and care of the property, during his life, as agent or curator, with a salary for his services.
3. That no estate for life or years, can be raised for him by implication, because the original estate did not move from him, and never was in him.
4. Consequently, that he has no estate of freehold, with which a subsequent limitation in fed could unite, so as to create a fee in him) under the rule in Shelly's case.
5. That if he takes a life estate, it ip merely fiduciary, and not beneficial, for which reason it could not unite with a limitation over in fee, if there were one, so as to give him a fee under the rule.
6. That the words in this will, "' the male heir of my nephew, John Thompson Mason, lawfully begotten, for ever," as explained and modified by the subsequent expressions, designate the " male heir of the body of J. T. Mason," as the person who is to take the estate, and thus operate a s a" desbriptioversona," and not as a "limita- tion." Consequently, that they 'do not create such an estate of inheritance, as is capable of uniting with a life estate, under the rule; but must operate, if at all, as a devise, per se, of an estate

OF THE UNITED STATES.

in possession or remainder, or as an executory
devise. 7. That this disposition cannot operate as the
devise of an estate in possession, for want of some person, in existence at the testator's death, who could then take: Ist. Because the person designated, was to be "the heir" of John Thompson Mason, who was then alive, and nemo est lAtres viventis. 2d. Because, as he had then no issue male, or heir male ofhis body, there was no person who answered the description, taken in its largest and most general sense.
8. That the disposition in question cannot operate as a remainder, vested or contingent, because there was no preceding estate to support it; none
having been directly given to John Thompson Mason by the will, or being raised for him by
implication. 9. That, admitting John Thompson Mason to
have a life estate under the will, which might support a remainder, this disposition cannot operate as a vested remainder, because, at the testator's death, there was no person in existence who answered the description; nor as a contingent remainder, because it depended on two distinct and successive contingencies: 1st. That John T. Mason should have a son; 2d. That this son should live to the age of twenty-one years, then assume the name of Abraham Barnes, by legislative authority, and take the oath prescribed by the will, which is a possibility too remote.
10. That this disposition cannot be supported as an executory devise, because it was to take

1824.
Taylor
v. 31ason.

1824.
Taylor
v.

CASES IN .THE SUPREME COURT
effect on two remote. and contingent e.vents: 1st, That the eldest son of John T. Mason should voluntarily, and after he attained the age of twenty-one years, change his name to that of Abraham Barnes, through the operation of a legislative enactment; and, 2d. That he should take an oath, as prescribed by the will; which eventr, if they took place at all, might not happen within the lifetime of John Thompson Mason, and twenty-one years and nine months afterwards.

.'arc&sd,

The cause was fully argued, upon all these
points, by Mr. Jones and Mr. Harperfot the appellants, and by the Attorney-General and Mr. Entmet, for the respondents; but, as the questions whether an estate tail vested in John Thompson Mason, and whether the last will revoked those which preceded it, were not considered and determined by the Court, it has not been thought necessary to report that part of the argument.

The counsel for the appellants stated, that as to whether a condition be precederor stbequent, it is always a matter of construction, depending on the intention of the testator. The principle is, that where an intention appears to create an estate at all events, and merely to annex a condition to it, by which it may be defeated, this is a condition subsequent: and if followed by a limitation over, in case the condition be not fulfilled, it makes a conditional limitation. But if the intent appear to be, that the vesting or creation

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the estate shall depend on the condition, then it is precedent.a There could be no dispute as to general principles, which were incontrovertibly settled by all the authorities. The only question was, as to the application of them to the particular case. They entered into a critical examination of the words of the last will, to show that the conditions annexed to the estate devised to the oldest male heir of J. T. M., were precedent and not subsequent.

M 1824.
Taylor
V. Masoa.

The counsel for the respondents considered the conditions as subsequent and not precedent; or rather, they considered them as conditional limitations, attached to, and defeating, in each instance, the preceding estate, on refusal to perform the acts required, and thus creating 'a new estate in tail male. It was said to be laid down by the authorities, that there are no precise technical words required in a deed, (a fortiori in a will,) to make a stipulation a condition precedent or subsequent.' Neither does it depend on the circumstance, whether the clause was placed prior or,posterior in the deed, so that it operated as a proviso or covenant; ir the same words have been construed to operate as either the one or the other, according to the nature of the transaction.0

a 2 Cre Dig. 3, 4, 5. Cas. temp. Talb. 165. 1 T. I. 645. 2 Bos. J Pull. 295. 2 iern. 620. Pearne.Cont. Rem. 424, 425. 502. Coil. Jurid.378.
6 1 Pl Lw23. . 2 Vern. 660, Gas. temp. Talb. 164. 1 Burr.
38. 4 Burr. 1929. c Hotham V. Eastindia Co. 1 T. R. 645.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Taylor
V.

Thus, Lord Eldon says," " I take it to be fully Ssettled,: that a cQndition is to be construed to be precedentor subsequent, as the intention of the testator may require." And Heath, J., in the same

case, adds, " It has been truly said, that there are no technical words by which a condition precedent is distinguishable from a condition subsequent; but that each case is to receive its own peculiar construction, according to the.tintent of the devisor." Now, let that test be applied to the point in question. It is clear that the testator intended the estate for the benefit of the sons of J. T M., after his death, and successively for the heirs male. If this be a condition precedent, as is contendedby the appellant, and the will of 1789 be entirely revoked, the fee will be in the heirs at law, from the death of J. T. M., till the condition be performed, and the rents, issues, and profits, belong to them. Suppose the first heir male an infant of tender years; the rents, &c. do not go to his maintenance and education, nor yet accumulate for his benefit, as was directed, even in the lifetime of his father. Let him die under twenty-two, without having performed the condition, leaving an infant son; that son must take by inheritance, if at all, and not by purchase. Can he take by inheritance from his father, an estatq tail that never'vested in his father ? But suppose he can, there is still another long enjoyment of the estate by the heirs at law, fur their own.benefit, The appellants seek, by making this a con-

. a In Planner v. Scudamore, 2 Bo, . PuL.295.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

35

dition precedent, entirely to defeat the testator's bountiful intentions in favour of J. T. M.'s -family: for they say, this being a condition precedent, the limitation cannot take effect as a contingent remainder; for then there would be three contingencies, and a possibility on a possibility necessary to its vesting. It is clear, then, that to preserve the testator's primary or general intention, or indeed any part of his intention towards .that fanfily, the terms must not be considered as a condition precedent. In a will, no words of condition are too strong to bend to the testator's intention. Thus, "if a man -devises a term to A., and that if his wife suffers the devisee to enjoy it for three years, she shall have all his goods as executrix; but if she disturbs A., then he makes B. his executor, and dies; his wife is executrix presently: for though in grants, the estate shall not vest till the condition precedent is performed, yet it is otherwisei*?a will, which must be guided by the intent of the parties; and this shall not be construed as a condition precedent, but only as a condition to abridge the power of the executrix, if she perform it not."a Although the conditions over may be void, their existence
may be used to illustrate the testator's'intention, and to show that this was intended to operate only as a limitation. It was intended that every one having the right, should change his name, and take the oath, before he had possession; "so that no'act of intention to defeat his will should be

1824.
Taylor
V. Hason.

a Innings v. Gore, Cro. Eiz. 219.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. allowed of." Those, then, taking by inheritance

"thTraoyluorgh

the first heir male, were to be subject to

v. this condition, and on their refusing, the estate Mason. was to go over. It is impossible to contend, that

those so taking by inheritance, should be regarded

as purchasers, or that, with them, this should be

considered as a condition preedlent and why

should not the same construction of the testator'"

intention, that must be given with rbspect to

them, be given in the first instance, where the

same proviso is used, viz. that it is a conditional

limitation, on the refusal to perform which, the

antecedent estate is defeated, and a new one

arises? Unquestionably the limitation, on refusal

to comply, is a conditional limitation. If, then,

between such conditional limitation and a condition precedent, bearing on the same object, (let

the words be ever so clear,) there be a positive

incompati bility, the principle must be applied, that if words be so inconsistent that they cannot

possibly stand or be reconciled, those words shall

be. rejected which are least consistent with the

general intention of the testator." The incompatibility between conditions and conditional limi-

tations, results from this: "conditions can only

be reserved.to the feoffer donor, lessor, or their

heirs, but not to a stranger;" and this by impli-

cation, without any words of reservation; and for

a 2 Ponbl. E. q. 3. s. b. (Note 1.p. 69.) Haws v. Haws, $ Atk. 524. 1 Vez. 14. Perkins v. Bayntum, I Bro. Chi. Ca&.,118, Doe v..Aplyn, 4 T. R. 88.
b 1 Co. Litt. 214 b.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

every condition broken, the heir of the donor shall enter, and by so doing, restore thae original estate. So that, except in gavelkind and boroughenglish,band a husband's alienating hiswife's estate on conditionl the heir at law enters and holds for his own benefit. This applies to conditions subsequent. As to conditions precedent, the estate remains in the heir at law, and never vests till the performance of the condition, and, during all that time, the heir at law holds it beneficially. But the effect of a conditional limitation is, that the next devisee alone can enter, and he takes and enjoys for his own benefit. Now, it is incompatible, that the heir at law should have the right to hold the estate for his own benefit, and the devisee to hold it for his benefit; and in these incompatible results, the question, which shall prevail, must depend upon which is conformable to the inteiflion of the testator. Thus, it is laid down
that " words of an express condition shall not ordinarily be construed into a limitation; but where an -estate is to remain over for breach of a cofidition, which is by express words a condition, yet it otight t6 be intended as a limitation."d And the contrary doctrine in Mary Portington'scase,'
ha@ beein.often denied to be law!

1824.
Taylor
I.

b Godb.S. c 8 Co. 43.

d Pagev. Hayward; IIMod. 61.

e 10 6o. S5. f BrOw. 65. RoMl. Ar. 412.2 Show.S98. I BOO. 4 Pul 313.

vam4$

4

2 Sah 578.
VPer. 200.

'3Leo. 132.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Taylor
v.

The expression "before he has possession," is
much relied on, as showing a condition precedent. But is must, like other equally strong expressions, bend to the testators general intent, and to the

words "who.has the right." How "has the right,"
if obtaining an act of the legislature and changing the name after twenty-one, be a condition precedent? For thenno estate can vest, and'no right be had, till the condition be performed. So it is said, the. will shows the right is not to commence till he has arrived at twenty-one. But the ago of twenty-one connects itself, both in sense and grammar, with the act to be done, and not with the vesting of the right. The expression "refusing'to comply," and the giving over the estate to others, show the refusal to be the definite act, by which one estate was to be determined, and the other to commence. Thus where similar words were used, "on condition that he should in twelve
months after ths testator's death, or in twelve months after her attained the age of twenty-one -years, suffer a recovery of an estate in the county of Warwick, and settle it to certain uses," they were clearly taken to be a condition subsequent, and not a conditional "limitation.a - Indeed, the words "before he has possession," are susceptible of another interpretation, consistent with the previous vesting Qf the estate. The testator did not view all. possible contingencies accurately. He clearly took for granted that the one to take would be an infant, and meant to make a provision accordingly. He probably used those words to dis-

a Duke of Montaguev. Beaulieu,- 3 Bro. Part! Cas. 277.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
tinguish the time when a guardian would receive the rents, issues and profits, from that when the minor would come into the actual possession of his estate.
The cause was continued for advisement, to the present term.

339
1824.
Taylor
V.
Dasn.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi- Feb. 5, 182._ niond.of.the Court; and, after stating the case, proceeded as follows:.
If the estate should yield .any surplus profits, after satisfying the charges placed on it by-the testator, J. T. M, is directed to account for those profits,-and they are the property of" the person that may have the right," according to the language of the will.
Are the heirs at law the persons "who havethe right;" according'to this language ?
Certainly not. 'The plain intention of the will is to exclude them. They admit this; and sup,port their claim by alleging that the will, so.far as respects:the devises which are to take .place after the death of J. T. M., isu'tterly 'void, the limitations- over being too remote.
The first limitation is to "the male heirs ofmy nephew, J. T. M., lawfully begotten, for ever, agreeably to the law of-England," that is, the oldest male heir to take all.
If the clause stopped here, there could be no question in the case. The person who should be the eldest male heir of 3. T.M. at the time of his death, would take the estate. But the testator proceeds to prescribe the "terms" on Which such

1824.
Taylor
V. Mason.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
eldest'male heir should take. They are, "that the name of the one that may have the right, at the
age of twenty-one, with his consent, be changed to Abraham Barnes, by an act of public authority
of the State, without any name added, together with his taking an oath before he has possession ;" "that he will not make any change during his life in this my will, relative to my real property. And on his refusing to comply with the above mentioned terms, to the next male heir, on the above mentioned terms; and so on, to all the male heirs of my nephew, J. T. M., as may be, on the above terms; and all of them 4efusing td comply in a reasonable time after they have arrived at the age of twenty-one, say not exceeding twelve months, if in that time it can be done, so that no act of intention to defeat my will shall be allowed of; and on their refusing to comply with the terms above mentioned, if any such person may be, then t6 the eon of my late nephew, H. T. M." &c.
The time allowed the eldest male heir ofJ. T.M. to perform the condition on which his estate would, according to the words of the will, become absolute, is twelve months after he shall attain his age of twenty-one years. As J. T. M. might die, leaving nL son alive at his death, but leaving his wife ensient of a son, it is obvious that the contingency on which the estate depended might not happen within a life, or lives, in being, or within twenty-one years and nine months after the dkath of J. T-. M. If, therefore, the estate did not vest untifl the contingency should happen, the liuiita. tion over to the eldest male heir of J. T. M., de-

OF-THE UNITED STATES.
pends on an event which is too remote to be tolerated by the policy of the law, and the remainder is, consequently, void. If, on the contrary, the estate is to vest on the death of J. T. M., to be devested on'the non-performance of the condition, the limitation in remainder is valid, and the plaintiffs ard not entitled to the account for which the bill prays.
The inquiry, then, is, whether the conditions annexed to the devise of the remainder, be precedent or subsequent; and this, it is admitted, must be determined by the intention- of the testator, which intention is to be searched for in his will.
All the instruments of writing purporting to be his last will, show that his firm and continuing purpose, from the 31st day of October, in. the year 1789, to.-the time of his death, in the year 1804, was to preserve his estate entire for the benefit of a single devisee, and not to permit it to be divided among his heirs. The same papers, likewise, show that the first object of his affection and bounty, was J. T. ML.; and the second, was the eldest male heir ofJ. T. M. An ample and uniconditional provision, perhaps equivalentto the whole value of his real -estate, is ,made for 3. T. M. during his life; and on his death, the whole real estate, with aiy residuum of profit which might possibly be acclmulated during his life, is given to his eldest male heir. If these devises should be expressed in ambiguous. language, this obvious and1 paramount intention. ought to. serve as a key to the coustruotion. *
The languaga of the devise in remainder, imx"rts aA intention that-it should take effect on the

341
1824.
Taylor
V. Mhson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Taylor
v.
Naso,,.

determination of the particular estate. So soon as J.T. M., the first object of his bounty, is removed, the eldest male heir of J. T. M., the second object of Lis bounty, comes into view : "I give 'the
whole of my property" "to the male heirs of my nephew; J. T. M., lawfully begotten, for ever, agreeable to the law of England; that is, the old-
est male heir to take all, on the following terms," &c. These words postpone the interest of the devisee no longer than till he can be ascertained; that is, till the death ofJ. T. M., who was to occupy the premises for his life. The eldest male heir of J. T. M. would be known at his death, at which time the particular estate which was carved out of -this general devise, v )uld determine, or at farthest, within nine m,nths afterwards. The language is not such as a man would be.apt to use who contemplated any interval between the parti-
cular estate and the remainder. The words import the same intention, as if he had said, Igive to the eldest male heir of J. T. M, all my property,
on condition that, at the age of twenty-one years, his name be changed to that of Abraham Barnes, by an act of public authority of the State, &c. Such words, it seems to the Court, would carry the estate immediately to the devisee, without waiting
for the performance of the condition. With thi s general intent, manifested in each
of these instruments, and this language, showing the expectation that no interest would intervene between the particular estate devised to J. T. M.
and that to his eldest male heir, the conditions' on which that devise was made, must be expressed

OF. THE UNITED STATES.

343

in-language to show very clearly, that they were to be performed before the esta·te could vest, to justify the Court in putting that construction on this will.
Let that language be examined. The devise is of the whole property to the male heirs of J. T. M., in succession, the eldest to take first. The condition is to bb performed by "the one that may have the right.". In the mind of the testator, then, the right was to precede the condition, not be created by it. He would not have described the person who was to perform the condition, as already having "the right," if the impression on his mind had been, that no person would have the right until the condition should be performed.
This expression is entitled to the more influence, from the consideration that the condition is to be performed by the person having the right at the age of twenty-one, or in a convenient time afterwards. The devisee might be an infant at the time of the death ofJ.T.M. The person who has the right, if an infant, is allowed till he attains his age of twenty-one years, and .a reasonable time afterwards, to perform the condition. This is inconsistent with the idea that the condition must be performed before the estate vested, before the right accrued.
The testator then directs, in addition to the change of name, that an oath, prescribed in his will, shall be taken, and then proceeds,- il and on his. the person that may have the right) refusing

1824.
Taylor
V. Mason.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Taylor
v.

to comply with the above mentioned terms, to the Snext male heir on the same terms."
The property is, in the first instance, devised to all the male heirs of J. T. M., the oldest to take first. The testator then proceeds to describe
the state of things in which the next oldest is to take. That state of things isthe Tefusal of the oldest to comply with the terms annexed to the estate given to him. Upon this refusal, the devise is immediate. No intervention of the heir at law is necessary to defeat the title of the oldest, and
to vest the property in the next male heir. But, until this refusal, the rights of the oldest remain unchanged.
Although the words "refusing to oomply," may, in general, have the same operation in law as the words " failing to comply" would have; yet, in this case, they are accompanied and explained by other words, which show that the word " refusing" was used in a sense which might leave the estate. in the devisee, though his name should not be changed. Where the condition to be performed depends on the will of the devisee, his failure to perform it is equivalent to a refusal. But where the condition does not depetid on his will, but on the will of those over whom he can have no control, there is a manifest distinction between "refusing," and "failing" to comply with it. The first is an act of the will, the second may be an act of inevitable necessity.
In this case, the name is to be changed by a legislative act. Now the eldest male heir of J. T. MP1. may petition for this act, but the Legisla-

OF TEE UNITED STrATES.

ture may refuse to pass it. In such a case, the

devisee would not " refuse" to comply with the

terms on which the estate was giveii to him; those terms Would neither be literally nor sub-

stantially violated. If there were nothing in thi6

words of the will to give additional strength to

this construction, the refusal of the Legislature

to pass the act would not be a refusal of the de-

visee to comply with the terms, and would seem

in reason to dispense with the condition, as ef-

fectually as the passage of an act to render the con-

dition illegal. Its performance would be impossible, without any default of the devisee.

But there are other words which show conclu-

sively that the testator intended, by this expres-

sian, to make the devise to the next and other

devisees to depend entirely on a-wilful and volun-

tary disregard, on the part of the eldest, of the

terms on which the property was devised td him.

After giving the estate to the male heirs of J.

T. M., in succession, the testator proceeds, "And

all of them refusing to comply, in a reasonable

time after they have arrived at the age of twenty-

one, say not exceeding twelve months, ifin that

timeit can be done, so that no act of "intentiomto

defeat my will shall be allowed of, and of their refusing to comply with the terms above men-

tioned, if any such person may be, then to the

son of my late nephew, H. T. M.," &c.

These words expressly refer to all the male

heirs of J. T. M., including the oldest, apply to

each particular devise, and fully explain*the inten-

tion of the testator on the subject of the change of

VOL. IX.

44

345
1824. -Taylor
V.
Arason.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. name. It is to be changed in twelve months "* Taylor ,.after the devisee attains his age of twenty-one
V. years, " if in that time it cant be done ;" and ahSODth.is provision is made, that -" no act of.intention
to defeat his will may be allowed of." The devise' over is on "refusing" to comply with the terms on which the estate is .given in the first instance, and this " refusing to comply," takes' place only "-f it can be done"-exists only where there is " an act of intention to defeat his will." If it " cannot be done," if there be " no act of intention to defeat his will," theii there is not that " refusing to comply with the terms" on which the devise over is to take place.
All these provisions appear to the Court to demonstrate that the testator intended the devise to take effect immediately, to be de'eated by the devisee's refusing to comply with the terms on which the property was given.
The devisees are, all of them, the coheirs of the testator, and the whole purpose of the will is to prevent their inheriting any part of his estate as his heirs. J. T. M. takes, an interest for life, beneficially, to a considerable extent, perhaps to the whole extent of the profits, certainly to the whole extent, if he chooses to'expend the whole, except 1600 dollars per annum, in repairs, build-ixgs, and the support of himself and family; and is to take the'surplus profits, if there be any, as trustee: but as trustee for whom ? ' For his eldest male heir, not for the heirs of his t~stator.
That eldest male heir takes the whole properfy, including these .possible surplus profits, on

OF THE UNITED STATES.
certain conditions, one of which is, the changd of his name by act of Assembly. He. might possibly, nay probably, be an infant, for J. T. M. had no.male heir at the death of the testator. The event of his being an infant is particularly contemplated, and provided .for, in the will. Such infant devisee is allowed twelve months, after'attaining his full age, to perform the condition. No provision whatever, if the estate does nct vest immediately, is made for his education r.ad maintenance. Not even these surplus profits, which are so carefully to accumulate for his use, are given to him. The infant orphan, heir of an enormous estate, who was the particular favourite, and whose future grandeur constituted the pride of his ancestor, is cast, by this construction, on the world, without the means of si'bsistence, while the whole profits of his estate pass, without-account, to those for whom the testator intended nothing.
The estate is devised, in succession, to each of the heirs of the testator, on the same condition; and, if it be a condition precedent, the consequence is, that the same persons who could not take it in succession, as he wished it to pass, would take it in common, as he wished it not to pass. The whole scheme of the will would be defeated, and an object lie effected, which all his ingenuity had been exerted to prevent.
In this view of the case, it may'be proper again to observe, that the devise over to the second male heir of J. T. M., is limited to take effect on the refusal of the oldest to perform the terms on which the estate is given to him. This mustbe a volun-

1824.
Taylor
V. Mason.

1824.
' Taylor
V. BIaoM

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tary refusal, an " act of intention to defeat his will." Now, a failure to perform the condition may take place, although the devisee may have used his utmost endeavours to perform it: the Legislature may refuse to p.ass the act required.
Ifit be a condition precedent, the estate, in that event, can never vest, and the whole intention of the testator may le defeated, without the' fault of the devisee. But the will was framed with very different views. The testator declares, that each devise over is tp take effect on the pre-
vious devisee's " refusing" to comply with "the terms on which the devise was made to him; on his obtaining the act of Assembly, " if it can be done ;" on there being. no "act of intention to defeat his will." This construction would wake the devise to depend on the will of the Legislature, although the, testator declares that it shall depend on the devisee himself.
To take the oath not to make any alteration in the will, so far as respects the real property, is completely within the power of the devisee, and this is directed to be taken "before he has possession." .This direction shows the opinion of the testator, thai the estate vested immediately, otherwise there could be no necessity for the clause suspending the possession. It would be a very useless declaration, to say, that the devisee should not take possession of an estate to which he had no right. This.assists, too, in marking more clearly the distinction taken by the testator, between a condition annexed to the estate, which was'in the power of the devisee,. and one not in his power. The pos-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

session is not postponed until he shall obtain an act of the Legislature for the change of his name, but is postponed until he shall take the oath directed by the will.
In the case of Gulliver v. Ashby, (4 Burr. 1929.) William Wykes devised his estate to several persons in ;succession, after the death of his wife, and added the following clause: " Provided always, and this devise is expressly on this condition, that whenever it shall happen that the said mansion house, and said estates, after my wife's decease, shall descend or come to any of the persons .herein before named, [that] the person or persons to whom the same shall, from time to time, descend or come, [that he. or they] do or shall then change their surname, and take upon them and their heirs the surname of Wykes only, and not otherwise."
In giving his opinion on this case, Lord Mansfield said," First, that this is not a condition precedent. It can not be complied with instantly. It is ' to take the name for themselves and their heirs.' Now, many acts are to be done in order to oblige the, heirs to take it, such as a grant from the King, or an act of Parliament.. It is not, tHerefore, a condition precedent, but, being penned as a condition, it must be a condition subsequent."
All the Judges concurred in the opinion, that it was hnot a condition precedent. Mr. Justice Yates thought it no more than a recommendation. The other Judges considered it as a condition subse-
quent. To the ieason given by Lord Mansfield. for

1824.
Taylor
V. Mason.

350

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. considering the conditions on which the testator, Sin the case in Burrow, devised his estates, as con-
Taylor
.- ditions subsequert, are superadded, in the case M~ason. at the bar, others of great weight, which have been

mentioned and relied -on. The cise put at- the bir, that the eldest male
heir of J. T. M4. might die within 'twelve months after attaining his age of tweniy-6ne years, leaving an infant son, deserves serious consideration.. If the estate vested-in the ancestor, it would descend to him. If the condition be precedent, -the estate did not vest, ana cannot descend to him. This would be contrary to the general spirit of t6 will..
If the change of name constituted the whole condition of the, devise, the proofs furnished by
the will o" its being a conditioni subtequent, are so strong as to dispel all reasonable doubt. But there is another condition, respecting which the intention is less obvious.
The person "that may have the right" is to procure an act, of Assembly for the change of his name, "together with his taking an oath, be-
fore lie, has possession, before a magistrqto," &c. "that he will not make any change during his 'life in this my will, relative:to my real property."
It has 'been truly said, that this condition is against law. is repugnant to the nature of the es-' tate,- and consequently oid. But if this be a condition precedent, its being voidwill not benefit the devisee. It becomes "necessary to inquire; therefore, whether this also be a condition subsequent, ormust be performed before the estate can est.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

In making the devise, the testator uses the words, "I give- the whole of my property." Irmediately afterwards, he describes the person who is to perform the conditions on which the property is given, as - th" one that may have the right ;" hnd, after directing the change of narAe,. adds, "tgether with his taking an oath, before h6 has possession,before a magistrate of St. Mary's-county," &c.
The person who "has the right," is to take the oath "before he has possession." Title then is distinguished from possession. The most attentive perusal of the will furnishes iio reaspn for the opinion that the-testator has confounded possession with title. All those parts of the will which respect change of name, dispose of the whole property, and dispose of it in such -terms as to show, we think, a clear. intention that tlh right should vest in the devisee on the death of J. T. AT., to be
defeated on the norperformance of the condition annexed to the estate. The clhange of language, and. the adoption of the word "pos s ess ion," indicate very strongly that the word was used in its popular sense, to denote the taking, actual and corporal possession of an estate. The testator was contemplating the event of an infant becoming entitled to his property, and providing' for that -event. Such infant was, within twelve months after attaining his age of twenty-one years, "if in that time it could be done," to obtain an act of
the Legislature for the change of his name; and moreover to take the oath prescribed, "before he has possession;" alluding, we think, clearly, to that possession which an infant devisee takes of

1824.
Taylor
V. Aaon.

SU

CASES IN'THE "SUPREME COURT

1824. his estate; when he attains his majori y.. A dif-

'-'

w'ferent construction would make this deVise repug-

Min fiant to- itself. It would make the devise to de-

dasoD. . pend on -two b6nditi6wl,. to be performed at the

samer time, and yet th6 one to-precede the vesting'

of ihe estate,and thb-othei"to be capable, of being.

petfbrmed, more than -twenty years after it had

vested:, The *ord' possession cannot be con-

strued as equivalent to right, for the purpose of

prodticing such cdnsequerices as these.

'After disposing'of-his estate in fee tail, the tes-

tator proceedg to carve out a particular e .atb for

his favou'itd nephew; . T. M.; and it is not en-

tiiiely -'nworthy of, notice, that he continues the

use 6f the Wvdrd "possession,' with'the obvious ifi-

tent to affix to it the meaning of 'simple'occupan-

cy. It is impossible to read these wills, without

perceiving a continuiig and uninterrupted desire

to bestow his whQle estate on J. T. M. and hid

faminly. The first will gives him the estate'abso-

lutely., His desire to preserve it in mass, and to

connect it with his name, increased with his age;

and his second Will gives his estatie to I. T. M.

for life, remainder to' his eldest son in jail male,

remainder to the heirs of J. T. M., the oldest to

take all, on condition bf theii-'changing their sur-

rame to that of Barnes. The last will contains

intrinsic evidefice that'j preserving the same inten-

tion with respect to his estate, he had been. alarm-

ed by the suggestion that the reinainder in tail to

the heirs of J. T. M. might coalesce with his life

estate, and, vesting in him, inight enable him .o

ieak the entail and divide the estate. To re-

OF THE, UNITED STATES.

concile his kindness to J. T. M. with his pride, he endeavours to give his nephew thpe advantages of
an estate for life, in such .form as to leave him no power over the fee. htis not unworthy of remark, that in endeavouring to accomplish this object, he continues the use of the word "possession." My wil is, he says, "that he (J.T. M.)shall keep the whole of my prioperty in his possession during his life, with full power," &c. Whether the legal effect of this clause be the salre with an express devise to 3. T. M. for life, remainder to his heirs in tail, is unimportant with respect to the present inquiry. It shows the intention of the testator, and the sense in which he used the word, If shows that he distinguished between possession and title.
The Court is of opinion, that -were the paper which is supposed to have been executed in 1803 to be considered as constituting singly the will of Richard Barnes, and were it to be admitted, that an estate tail did not vest in J. T. M., still the conditions annexed to the estate devised to his oldest heir male are subsequent, and not precedent; and, consequently, the contingency on which the devise is to take effect is not too remote.
This opinion renders it unnecessary to decide the questions, so elaborately discussed at the bar, whether the last will revoked those which preceded it, and whether an estate tail is vested in J. T.M. It would be improper to decide those questions at this time, because persons may be interested in them who are not now before the Court

1024.
Taylor
v. Mason.

Decree affirmed.

VeL. IX-.

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
IN THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1824.
[CONSTITUTIONAL Liw.
G(BBbNS, Appelant, v. OGDEN, Respondent.
The acts of the Legislature of the State of New-York, granting to Robert R. Livingston and RobertFultoh the exclusive navigation of all the waters within the jurisdiction of that State, with boats moved by fire or steam, for a term of years, are repugnant to that clause of the constitution of the United States, which authorizes Congress to regulate commerce, so far as the said acts prohibit vessels licensed, according to the laws of the United States- for carrying on the coasting trade, from navigating the said waters by means of fire or stebm.
APPEAL from the Court for the Trial of Impdachments and Correction of Errors of the State of New-York. Aaron Ogden filed his bill in tht Court of Chanceryof that State, against Thorias Gibbons, setting forth the several acts of the Legislature thereof, enacted for the purpose of securing to Robert R. Livingston and Robert Fulton, the
VoL. IX.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbb onsI
v.
Ogden.

exclusive navigation of all the waters within the jurisdiction of that State, with boats moved by fire or steam, for a term of years which has not yet expired; and authorizing the Chancellor to

award an injunction, restraining any-person whatever from navigating those waters with boats of that description. The bill stated an aspignment -from Livingston and Fulton to one John R. Living-
ston, and from him to the complainant, Ogden, of the right to navigate thewaters between.Elizabethtown, and other places, in New-Jersey, and the city of New-York; and that Gibbons, the defendant below, was in possession of two steam boats, called the Stoudinger and the Bellona, which were actually employed in running between New-York and, Elizabethtown, in violation of the exclusive privilege conferred on the complainant, and praying an injunction to restrain the said Gibbons from using the said boats, or any other propelled by fire or steam, in navigating the waters within the territory of New-York. The injunction having been awarded. the answer of Gibbons was filed; in which he stated, that 4,. boats employed by him were duly enrolled and licensed, to be employed in carrying on the coasting trade, under the act of Congress, passed the 18th of February, 1793, c. 8. entitled, "An act for enrolling and licensing ships and vessels to be employed in the coasting trade and fisheries, and for regulating the same." And the defendant in. :sted on his right, in virtue of such licenses, to navigate the wateks between Elizabethtown and the city of New-York, the aaid acts of the Legislature of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

State of New-York to the contrary notwithstanding. At the hearing, the Chancellor perpetuated the injunction, being of the opinion, that the said acts were not repugnant to the constitution anc laws of the. United States, and were valid. This decree wa affirmed in the Court for the Trial of Impeachments and Correction of Errors, which is the highest Court of law and equity in the State, before which the cause could be carried, and it was thereupon brought to this Court by appeal.

1824.
Gibbml
v. Qgdcn.

Mr. Webster, for the appellant, admnitted, that Feb. 4th, 5ts, there was a very respectable weight of authority and sfh.
in favour of the decision, which was sought to be reversed. The laws in question, he kqiew, had been deliberately re-enacted bythe Legislature of New-York; and they had also received the sanction, at different times, of all her judicial tribunals, than which there were few, if any, in the country, more justly entitled to respect and deference. The disposition of the Court-woulr be, undoubtedly, to support, if it could, laws so passed and so sanctioned. He admitted, therefore, that it was- jtwtly expected of him that ho should make out a clear case; and unless he did so, he did not hope for a reversal. It should be
remembered, however, that the whole of this branch of power, as exercised by this Court, was a power of revision. The question must be decided.by the State Courts, and deoided in a particular manner, before it could be Drought here at all. Such decisions alone gave tie Court jurisdiction; and therefore, while they are to be re-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

spected as the judgments of learned Judges, they are yet in the condition of all decisions from which the law allows an appeal.
It would not be a waste of time to advert to the existing state, of the facts connected with the subject of this litigation. The use of steam boats, on the coasts; and in the bays and rivers of the country, had become very general. The intercourse of its different parts essentially depended upon this mode of conveyance and transportation. Rivers and bays, in many cases, form the divisions between States; and thence it was obvious, that if the States should make regulations for the navigation of these waters, and such regulations should be repugnant and hostile, embarrassment would necessarily happen to the general intercourse of the community. Such events had actually occurred, and had created the existing state of things.
By the law of New-York, no one can navigate the bay of New-York, the North River, the Sound, the 1 kes, or any of the waters of that State, by steam vessels, without a license from the grantees of New- York, under penalty of forfeiture of the vessel.
1Dy the law of the neighbouring State of Connecticut, no one can enter her waters with a steam vessel having such license.
By the law of New-Jersey, if an citizen of that State shall be restrained,under the NewYork law, from using steam boats between the ancient shores of New-Jersey and New-York, he
s1all be entitled to an action for damages, in

OF THE IINITED STATES.

New-Jersey, with treble costs against the party who thus restrains or impede"s him under the law of New- Yprk! This act of New-Jersey is called an act of retortion.against the illegal and'oppressive legislation of New-York; and seems to be defended on those grounds of public law which justify r erisalsbetween independent States.
It would hardly be contended, that all these acts were consistent with the laws and constitution of the United States. If there were no power in the general government, to control this extreme belligerent legislation of the States,. the powers bf the government were essentially deficient, in a most important and interesting particular. The present controversy respected the earliest of these State laws, those of New-,York. On those, this Court was now to pronounce; and if they should be declared to be valid and operative, he hoped somebody would point out where the State right stopped, and on what grounds the acts of other States were to be held inoperative and void.
It-would be necessary to advert, more particularly'to the laws of New-York, as they were stated in the record. The first was passed March 19th, 1787. By this act, a sole-and exclusive right was granted to John Fitch, of making and using every kind of boat or vessel impelled by steam, in all creeksi rivers, bays, and waters, within the territory and jurisdiction of New-York, for fourteen years.
On the 27th of March, 1798, an act was passed, on the suggestion that Fitch was dead, or had withdrawn from the State, without having Made

1824.
Gibbons
v.
gde -

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbon s
V.
Ogden.

any attempt to use his privilege, repealing the grant to him, and conferring similar privileges on Robert R. Lipingston, for the term of twenty years, on a suggestion, made by him, that he was
possessor of a mode oJ applying the steam engine to p opel a boat, on new and advantageousprinciples. On the 5th of April, 1803, another act was passed, by which it was declared, that the rights and privileges granted to R. R. Livingston, by the last act, should be extended to him and .Robcrt Fulton,for twenty years, from the passing of this act. Then there is the act of April 11, 1808, purporting to extend the monopoly, in point of time, five years for every additional boat, the whole duration, however, not to exceed thirty years; and forbidding any and all persons to navigate the waters of the State, with any steam bQat or vessel, without the license of Livingston and Fulton, under penalty of forfeiture of the boat or vessel. And, lastly, comes the act of April 9, 1811, for enforcing the provisions of the last mentione 4 act, and'declaring, that the forfeiture of the boat or vessel, found navigating against the provisions of the previous acts, shall be deemed to accrue on the day on which such boat or vessel should navigate the waters of the State ; and that Livingston and Fulton might immediately .have an action for such boat or vessel, in like manner as if they themselves had been dispossessed thereof by force; and that on bringing any such suit, the defendant therein should be prohibited, by injunction, from removing the boat or Yessel out of the State, or using it within the State. There were

OF THE UNITED STATES.

one or two other acts mentioned in the plead ags, which principally respectyed*the time allowed for complying with the condition of the grant, and were not material tb the discussion of the case.
By these acts, then, an exclusive right is given to Livingston and Fulton, to use steam navigadtion on all the waters of New-York, for thirty years from 1808.
It is not necessary to recite the several conveyances and agreements, stated in the record, ky which Ogden, the plaintiff below, derives title under Liv-ingston and Fulton, to the exclusive use of part of these waters.
The appellant being owner of a .steam-boat, and being found navigating the waters between New-Jersey and the city of New-York, over which waters Ogden,. the plaintiff below, claimed an exclusive right, under Livingston and Fulton,, this bill was filed against him by Ogden, in October, 1818, and an injunction granted, restraining him from such use of his boat. This injunction was made perpetual, on the final hearing of the cause, in the Court of Chancery; and the decree of the Chancellor has been duly affirmed in the Court of Errors. The right, therefore, which the plaintiff-below asserts to have and maintain his injunction, depends 4bviously on the general validity of the New-York laws, and, especially, on their force, and operation as against the right set up by the defendant. This right he states, in his answer, to be, that he. is a citizen of NewJersey, and owner of the tteam-boat in question; 1hat the boat was a 'oessel of more than twenty

1824.
Gibbodts
Ogdeb.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
i824. tons burden, duly enrolled and licensed for car'G"ibbons ' ryingon the coasting trade, and intended-to be
V. emp.oyed by him, in that trade, between ElizaOgden. bethtown, in New-Jersey, and the city of New-
York; and was actually employed in navigating between those places, at the tinie of, and until notice of the injunction from the Court of Chancery was served on him.
On these pleadings the substantial question is raised: Are these laws such as the Legislature of New-York had a right to pass? If so, do they, secondly, in their operation, interfere with any right enjoyed under the constitution and laws of the'United States, and are they, therefore, void, as far as such interference extends ? . It may be well to state again their general purport and effect, and the purport and effect of the other State'laws, which have been enacted by way of retaliation.
A steam vessel, of any description, going to New-York, is forfeited to the representatives of Livingston and Fulton, unliss she have their license.
Going from New-York, or elsewhere, to Connecticut, she is prohibited from entering the waters of that State, if she have such license.
'Ifthe representatives of Livingston and Fulton, in New-York, carry into effect, by judicial process, the provisiori of the New-York laws, against any citizen of New-Jqrsey, they expose themselves to a statute action, in New-Jersey, for all damages, and treble costs.
The New-York laws extend to all steam vessels;

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ito steam -frigates, steam ferry-boats, and all intermediate classes.
They extend to public as well as private ships; and to vessels employed in foreign commerce, as well as-to those employed in the coasting trade.
The remddy is as summary as the grant itself is ample; for immediate confiscation, without seizure, trial, or judgment, is the penalty of in-
fringement.. In regard to these acts, he should contend, in
the first place, that they exceeded the power of the Legislature; and, secondly,-that if they could be considered valid, for any purpose, they were void, still, as against any right enjoyed under the laws of the United States, with which they came in collision; and that, in this case, they were
found interfering Wvith such rights. He -shouldcontend, that the power of Congre s
to regulate commerce, was complete and entire, and, to a certain extent, necessarily exclusive; that the acts in question were regulations of commerce, in a most important particular; end affecting it in those respects, in which-it was nder the exclusive authority-of Congress: He stated this first proposition -guardedly. He did not mean to say that al .regulations which might, in their operation, affect commerce, were exclusively in the power of Congress; but that awk power as had been exercised in this case, did not rfmain with the States. Nothing was more complex'than commerce; and in such an age as this, no -words embraced a wider field than eommerdat rgzdz-ks. Almost alithe business and intercourwsevf
'VOLJM. 2

1824.
Gibb=s
v.
Ogden.

1824. v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
life may be connected, incidentally, more or less, with commercial regulations. But it was only necessary to apply to this part of the constitution the well settled rules of construction. Some
powers are holden to be exclusive in Cofigress, from the use of exchisive words in the grant; others, from the prohibitions on the States to exercise similar powers; and others, again, from the nature of the powers themselves. It has been by this mode of reasoning that the Court has adjudicated on many important questions; and the same mode is proper here. And, as some powers have been holden exclusive, and others not so, ulder the same form of expression, from the nature of the different powers respectively; sQ, where the power, on any one subject, is given in general words, like the power to regulate commerce, the true method of construction would be, to consider of what parts the grant is composed, and which of thdse, from the nature of the thing, ought to be considered exclusive. The right set up in this case, under the laws of New-York, is a monopoly. Now, .he thought it very reasonable to say, that the constitution never intended to leave with the States the power of granting monopolies, either of trade or of navigation; and, therefore, that as to this, the commercial power was exclu.sire in Congress.
It was in vain to look for a precise and exact definition of the powers of Congress, onseveral subjects. The constitution did not undertake the task of making such exact definitions. In conferiing powers, It proceeded in the way of enumcra-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tion, stating the powers conferred, one after another; in few words; and, where the power was general, or complex in its nature, the extent of the grant must necessarily be judged of, and lhited, by its object, and by the nature of the power.
Few things were better known, than the iRfiinediate causes which led to the adoption of the present constitution; and he thought nothing clearer, than thai the prevailing motive was to regulate commerce; to rescue it from the embarrassing and destructive consequences, resulting from the legislation of so many different States, and to place it under the protection of a. uniform law. The great objects were commerce and revenue; and they were objects indissolubly connected. .By the confederation, divers restrictions had been imposed on the States; but these had not been found sufficient. No State, it was true, could send or receive an embassy; nor make any treaty;
nor enter into any compact with another state, or with a foreign power; nor lay duties, interfering with treaties which had been entered into by Con-
gress. But all these were found to be far short of what the actual condition of the country required. The States could still, each for itself, regulate commerce, and the consequence was, a perpetual jarring and hostility of commercial ggulation.
In the history of the times, it was ticcordingly found, that the great topic, urged on all occasions, as showing the necessity of a new and different government, was the state of trade and commerce. To.benefit and improve these, was a great object in itself: and it became greater when it was re-

1824.
OGiibbbbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN TIIE SUPREME COUR
1824. -garded as the only means of enabling ie country GGibibbobnos nsto pay the public debt, and to do justice to those
v. who had most effectually laboured for its indepenOgden. dence. The leading state papers of the time aro
full of this topic. The New-Jersey resolutions" complain, that the regulation of trade was in the power of the several States, within their.separato jurisdiction, in such a degree as to involve many difficulties and embarrassments; and ihey express an earnest opinion, that the sole and'exclusivo power of regulating trade with foreign States, ought to be in Congress. Mr. Witherspoon's motion-in Congress, in 1781, is of the same general character; and the report of a committee of that body, in 1785, is still more emphatic. It declares that Congress ought to possess the sole and exclusive power of regulating trade, as well with foreign nations, as between the States." The resolutions of Virginia, in January, 1786, which were the immediate cause of -the convention, put forth this same great object. Indeed, it is the only object stated in those resolutions. There is not another idea in the whole document. The. entire purpose for which the delegates assembled at Annapolis, was to devise means for the uniform regulation of trade. They.found no means, but in a general government; and they recommended a convention to accomplish that purpose. Over whatever other interests of the country this governinent may diffuse its benefits, and its blessings, it
cI Laws U. S. p. 28.
6 Id. 5o.

up THE UNITED STATEz.

will always be true, as matter. of historical tihct, that it had its imimediate origin i. the necessities of commerce ; and, for its immediate object, the relief of those necessities, by removing their causes, and by establishing a uniforn and steady system. It would be easy to show, by reference to the discussions in the several State conventions, the prevalence of the same general topics; and if any one woulh look to the proceedings of several of the States, especially to fhose of Massachusetts and New-York, he would see, very plainly, by the recorded lists of votes, that wherever this commercial necessity was most strongly felt, there *the proposed new constitution had most friends. In the Now-York convention, the argument arising from this consideration was strongly pressed, by the distinguished person whose name is connected with the present question.
We do not find, in the history of the formation and adoption of the constitution, that any mart speaks of a gene.ral concuTrent power, in the regulation of foreign and domestic trade, as still residing in the State's. The very object intended, more than any other, was to take away such power. If it had not so provided, the constitution would not have been worth accepting.
He contended, therefore, th4 the. people intended, in establishing the constitution, to transfer, from the several States to a general government, those high and important powers over cominerce, which, in their exercise, were to maintain an uniform and general system. From the very nature of- the case, these powers must be exclit-

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
(Gbibbons
V. Ogden.

sive; that is, the higher branches of commercial regulation must be exclusively committed to a single hand. What is it that is to be regulated? Not the commerce of the several States, respec-
tively, but the commerce of the United States. Henceforth, the commerce of the States was to be an 71nit; and the system by which it Ai'as to exist and b' governed, must necessarily be complete, entire, and uniform. Its character was to be described in the flag which waved over it, E PLURiBUS Urum. Now, 'how could individual States assert a right of concurrent legislation, in a case oif this sort, without manifest encroachment and confusion ? It should be repeated, that the words used in the constitution, "to regulate commerce," are so very gneral and extensive, that they might be construed to cover a vast field of legislation, part of which has always been occupied by State laws; and, therefore, the words must have a reasonable construction, and'the power should be considered as exclusively vested in Congress, so far, and so -far only, as the nature of thq power requires. And he irnsisted, that the nature of the case, and of the power, did imperiously require, that such important authority as that of granting monopolies of trade and navigation, should not be considered as still retained by the States.
It is apparent, from the prohibit ns on the power of the States, that the general coricurrent power was not supposed to be left kith "them. And the exception, out of these prohibitions, of the inspec an laws, proves this still more clearly. Which most coricerns the commerce of this coun-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

try, that New-York and Virginia should have an 1824.

uncontrolled power to establish their inspection for flour and tobacco, or that they should have an uncontrolled power of granting either a monopoly

Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

of trade in their own ports, or a monopoly of na-

vigation over all the waters leading to those ports?

Yet, the argument on the other side must be,

that, although the constitution- has sedulously

guarded and limited the first of these powers, it

has left the last wholly unlimited and uncontrolled.

But, although much had been said, in the dis-

cussion on former occasions, about this supposed

concurrent power in the States, he found great dif-

ficulty in understanding what was meant by it.

It was generally qualified, by saying, that it was

a power, by which'the States could pass laws on

the subjects of commercial regulation, which

would be valid, until Congress should pass other

laws controlling them, or inconsistent .with them,

and that then the State laws must yielJ. What

sort of concurrentpowers were these, which could

not exist together? Indeed, the very reading of

the clause in the constitution must put to flight

this notion of a general concurrent power. The

constitution was formed for all the States; and

Congress was to have power to regulate commerce.

Now, what is the import of this, but that Congress

is to give-sthe rule-to establih the system-to

exercise the control over the subject? And, cun

more than one power, in cases of this sort, give

the rule, establish the system, or exercise the

control? As it is not contended that the power

of Congress is to be exercised by a superrision

CASPS IN THE' SUPRPME COURT

1824. %
v. Ogden.

of State legislation; and, as it is.clear, that Congress is to give the geoeral rule, be-contended, that this 'power of giving the general-rule was transferred, by the coostitution, from the States
to Congress, to be exorcised as that body might see fit. And, consequently, that all those high exercises of power, which might be considered as giving the rule, or establishing the system, in regard to great commercial interests, were necessarily left with Congress alone. Of this character he considered monopolies of trade or navigation; embargoes; the system of navigation laws; the countervailing laws, as against foreign states; and other important enactments respecting our 'connexion with such states. It appeared to him a most reasonable construction, to say, that in these respects, the power of Congress is exclusive, from the nature of the power. If it be not so, where is the limit, or-who shall fix a boundary for the exercise of the power of the States ? Can a State grant a monopoly of trade ? Can NowYork shut her ports to all but her own citizens ? Can she refuse admission to ships of particular nations ? The argument on the other side is, and must be, that she might do all these things, until Congress should revoke her enactments. And this is called concurrent legislation. What confusion such notions lead to, is obvious enough. A power in the States to do any thing, and every thing, in regard to commerce, till Congress shall undo it, would suppose a state of things, at least as bad as that which existed before the -present constitution. It is 'the true wisdom of these go-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

vernments to keep their action as distinct as possible. The general gov-ernment. should not seek to operate where the States can operate with more advantage to the community; nor $hould the States encroach on ground, which the public good, as well as tb.e constitution, refers to the exclusive control of Congress.
If the present state of things-these laws of New-York, the laws of Connecticut, and the laws of NewrJersey, had been all presented, in the convention of New-York, to the eminent person whose name is on this record, and who acted, on that occasion, so impprtant a part; if he had been told, that, after all he had said in favour of the new government, and of its salutary effects on commercial regulations,, the time should yet come, when the North River would be shut up 'by a monopoly from New-York; the Sound interdicted by a penal law of Connecticut; Tep'risas au,thorized by New-Jersey, ,agaihlst citizens of NewYork; and when one could not cross a ferry, without transhipment; does any one suppose he would have admitted all this, as compatible with the government which he was recommending?
This doctrine of a general concurrent power in the States, is insidious, and dangerous. if it be admitthd, no one can say where it will stop. The States may legislate, it is said, wherever Congress has not made a plenary exercise of its power. But who is to judge whether Congress has made this plenary exercise of power? Congress has acted on this power; it has done all that it dee med wise; and are. the States now to do whatever
VOL. IX.

1824.
Gibbous
v. Ogdem.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

Congress has left undone? Congress makes such rules as, in its judgment, the case requires; and those rules, whatever they are, constitute thesystem.
All useful regulation does not consist in re-
straint; and that which Congress sees fit to leave free, is a part of its regulation, as much as the rest.
He thoughttJe practice under the constitution sufficiently evinced, that this portion of the commercial power was exclusive in Congress. When, before this instance, have the States granted monopolies? When, until now, have they interfered with the navigation of the country? The pilot laws, the health laws, or quarantine laws; and various regulations of that class, which have been recognised by Congress, are no arguments to prove, even if they are to be called commercial regulations, (which they are not,) that other regulations, more directly and strictly commercial, are not solely within the power of Congress. There was a singular fallacy, as he humbly ventured to think, in the argument of very learned and most respectable persons, on this subject. That argument alleges, that the States have a concurrent power with Congress, of regulating commerde; and its proof of this position is, that the States have, without any question of their right, passed acts respecting turnpike roads, toll bridges, and ferries. These are declared to be acts of nommercia regulation, affecting not only the interior commerce of the Stpte itself, but also commerce between different States. There'bre,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

as all these are commercial regulations, and are yet acknowledged to be rightfully established by the States, it follows, as is supposed, that the States must have a concurrent power to regulate commerce.
Now,whatwas the inevitable consequence of this mode of reasoning? Does it not admit the power of Congress, at once, upon all these minor objects of legislation? If all these be regulations of commerce,. within the meaning of the constitution, then, certainly, Congress having a con. current power to regulate - commerce, may establish ferries, turnpikes, bridges, &c. and provide for all this detail of interior legislatiQu. To sustain the inteiference'of the State, in a'high concern of maritime commerce,.fhe argument adopts a principle which acknowledges the right of Congress, over a vast scope of internal legislation, which no one has heretofore supposed to be within its powers. But this is not all; for it is admitted, that when Congress and the States have power to legislate over the same subject, the power of Congress, when exercised, controls 6r extinguishes the State power; and, therefore, the consequence would seem to follow, from the argument, that all State legislation,,over such subjects as have been mentioned, is, at all times, liable to the ,superior power of Congress; a consequence, which no one-would .admit for a moment. The truth was, -he thought, that all these things were, in. their general character, rather regulations of police than of comnerce, in the constitutional
understanding of that term. A road, ihdeed,

1824. N
V. Ogden,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
v Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

might be a matter of great commercial concern. In many cases it is so; and when it is so, he
thought there was no doubt of the power of Congress to make it. But. generally speaking, roads,
and bridges, and firrics, though, of course, they affect commerce amud intercourse, do. not obtain that imporiance and elevation, as to be deemed commercialregulations. A reasonable construction must be given to the constitution; and such construction is as necessary to the just power of the States, as to the authority of Congress. Quarantine Yaws, for vxtimple, way be considered as affecting commerce ; yet they are, in their nature, health laws. In England, we speak of the power of regulating commerce, as in Parliament, or the King, as arbiter of commerce; yet the city of London enacts health laws. Would any one infer from that circumstance, that the city of London had concurrent power with Parliament or the Crown to regulate commerce? or, that it might grant a monopoly of the navigaiion of the Thames? While a health -law is reasonable, -it is .a health law; but if, under colour of it, enactments should be made for other purposes, such enactments *might be void.
In the discussion in the New-York Courts, no small reliance was placed on the law of that State prohibiting the importation of slaves, as an example of a commercial regulation,' enacted by State authority. That law may or may not be Poonstitutional and valid. It has been referred to generally, but itg particular provisions have not

OF 'T'HE UNITE D .'1 l.

been' stated. When they are more qclearly seen, its character may be better determined.
It might further be argued, that the power of Congress over these high branches of commerce
was xclusive, from the consideration that Congress possessed an exclusive admiralty jurisdiction. That it did possess such exclusive jurisdiction, would hardly be contested. No State pretended to exercise any jurisdiction of that kind. The States had abolished their Courts of Admiralty, when the constitution went into operation. Over these waters, therefore, or, at least, some of them,
which are the subject of this monopoly, NewYork has no jurisdiction whatever. They are a part of the high sea, and not within the body of any county. The authorities of that State could not punish for a murder, committed on board one of these boats, in some places within the range of -this exclusive grant. This restraining of the States from all jurisdiction, out of the bodies of their own counties, shows plainly enough, that navigation on the high seas, was understood to be a matter to be regulated'only by Congress. It is not unreasonable to say, that what are called the waters of New-York, are, to purposes of navigation and commercial regulation, the waters of the United States. There iq no cession, indeed, of the waters themselves, but their use, fdr those purposes, seemed to be entrusted to the exclusive power of Congress. Several States have -enacted laws, which would appear to imply their conviction of the power of Congress, over navigable waters, to a: greater extent

1824.
GGiibbbboonnss
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbbons
v. Ogden.

If there be a concurrent power of regulating commerce on the high seas, there must be a concurrent admiralty jurisdiction, and a concurrent control of the waters. Itis a common principle,
that arms of the sea, including navigable rivers, belong to the sovereign, so far as navigation is concerned. Their use is navigation. The United States possess the general power over navigation, and, of course, ought to control, in general, the use of navigable waters. If it be admitted, that for purposes of trade and navigation, the North
River, and its bay, are the 'river and bay of NewYork, and the Chesapeake the bay of Virgiria, very great inconveniences and much confusion might be the result:
It might now be well to take a nearer view of these laws, to see more xactly what their provisions were, what constequences have followed from them, and what would and might follow from other similar laws.
The first grant to John Fitch, gave him the sole and exclusive right of making, employing, and navigating, all boats impelled by fire or steam, " in all creeks, rivers, bays, and waters, within the territoryandjurisdictionof the State." Any other person, navigating such boat, was to forfeit it, and to pay a penalty of a hundred pounds; The subsequent acts repeal this, and grant'similar privileges to Livingston and Fulton: and the act of 1811 provides the extraordinary and .summary remedy, which has been already'stated. The river, the bay, and the marine league along the shore, are all within the scope of thisgrant.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Any vessel, therefore, of this description, coming into any of those waters, without a license, whether from another State, or from abroad, whether it be a public or private vessel, is instantly forfeited to-the grantees of the monopoly.
Now, it must be remembered, that this grant is made as an exercise of sovereignpoliticalpower. It is not an inspection law, nor a health law, nor passed by any derivative authority; it is professodly an act of sovereign power. Of course, there is no limit to the power, to be derived from the puIrpose for which it is exercised. If exercised for one purpose, it may be also for another. No one can inquire ito the motives which influence sovereign authority. It is enough, that such power manifests its will. The motive alleged in- this case is, to remunerate the grantees for a benefit conferred by them on the public. But there is no necessary connexion between that benefit and this mode- of rewarding it; apd if the State could grant this monopoly for that purpose, it could also grant it for any other purpose. It could make the grant for money- and so make the monopoly of navigation over those waters a direct source of revenue. When this monopoly shall, expire, in 1838, the State may continue it, for any pecuniary consideration-which the holders may see fit to offer, and the State to receive.
If-the "tate may grant this'monopoly, it may also grant another, for other descriptions of vessels; for instance' for all sloops.
If it can grant these exclusive privildges to a few, it may-grant them to many; that, is, ,it may

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V." Ogden.

grant them to all its own citizens, to the exclusion of every body else.
But the waters of New-York are no more the subject of exclusive granis by that State, than the
waters of other States are subjects of such grants by those other States. Virginia may well exercise, over the entrance of the Chesapeake, all the power that New-York can exercise over the bay of NewYork, and the waters on the shore. The Chesapeake, therefore, upon the principle of these
laws, may be the subject of State'monopoly; and so may the bay.of Massachusetts. But this is not all. It requires no greater power, to grant a monopoly of trade, than a monopoli of navigation. Of course, New-York, if these acts can be maintained, may give an exclusive right of entry of vessels into her ports. And the other States way do the same. These are not extreme cases. We have only to suppose that other States should do what New-York has already done, and that the power should be parried to its full extent..
To all this, there is no answer to be given except this, that the concurrentpower of the States, concurrent though it be, is yet subordinateto the legislation of Congress; and that, therefore, Congress may, when it pleases, annul the State legislation; but, until it does so annul it, the State legislation is valid and effectual. What.is there to recommend a construction which leads to a result like this ? Hdre would be a perpetual hostility; one Legislature enacting laws, till another Legislature should repeal them; one sovereign power gving the rule, till,r,auher sovereign power should

OF THE UNITED STATES.

abrogate it; and all this under the idea of con-

current legislation!

But further; under this concurrentpower, the State does that which Congress cannot do; that

is, it gives preferences to the citizens of some

States over those of others. I do not mean here

the advantages conferred by the grant on the

grantees; but the disadvantages to .which it sub-

jects all the other citizens of New-York. To im-

pose an extraordinary tax on steam navigation

visiting the ports of New-York, and leaving it free

every where else, is giving a preference to the

citizens of other States over those of New-York.

This Congress could not do; and yet the State

does it: so that this power, at first subordinate,

then concurrent, now becomes paramount.

The people of New-York have a right to be

protected -againstthis monopoly. It is one of the

objects for which they agreed to this constitution,

that they should stand on an equality in commer-

cial regulations; and if the government should

not insure them that, the promises made to them,

in its behalf, would not be performed.

lie contended, therefore, in conclusion on this

point, that the power of Congress over these high

branches of commercial regulation, was shown to

be exclusive, by considering what was wished and

intended to be done, when the convention, for

forming file constitution, was called; by what was

understood, in the State conventions, to have been

accomplished by the instrument; by the prohibi-

tions on the States, and the eXpress exception re-

lative to inspection laws; by the nature of the

VOL. IX.

4.

1824.
Gibbonw
V.
Ogdpn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

power itself; by the terms used, as connected with the nature of the powc.r; by the subsequent understanding and practice, both of Congress and the States; by the grant of exclusive admiralty
jurisdiction to the federal government; by the manifest danger of the opposite doctrine, and the ruinous consequences to which it directly leads.
It required. little now to be said, to prove that this exclusive grant is a law regulating commerce; although, in some of the discussions elsewhere, it had been called a law of police. If it be not a rek'ulation of commerce, then it follows, against -the constant admission -on the other side, that Congress, even by an express act, could not annul or control it. For if it be not a regulation of comrmerce, Congress has no concern with it. But the granting of monopolies of 'this kind is always referred to the power over commerce. It was as arbiter of commerce that the King formerly granted such monopolies.a This is a law regulating commerce, inasmuch as it imposes new conditions and terms on the coasting trade, on foreign trade .generally, and on fo;ign trade as regulated by treaties; and inasmuch as it inter. feres. with the free navigation of navigable waters.
If,then, the. power of commercial regulation, pdsessed by Congress, be, in regard to the great branches of it, exclusive; and if this grant.of NewYork be a commercial regtilation, affecting commerce,.'in respect to these great branches, then

a I ACom.27s. 4B. Con4'. 6(..

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the grant is void, whether any case of actual collision had happened or not.
But, he contended, in the second place, that whether the grant were to be regarded as wholly void or not, it must, at least, be inoperative, when the rights claimed under it came in collision with other rights, enjoyed and secured under the laws of the United States; and such collision, he maintained, clearly existed in this case. It would not be denied that the law of Congress was paramount. The constitution has expressly provided for that. So that the only question in this part of the case is, whether the two rights be inconsistent with each other. The appellant had a right to go from New-Jersey to New-York, in a vessel, owned by'himself, of the proper legal description, and enrolled and licensed according to law. This right belonged to him as a citizen of the United States. It was derived under the laws of the United States, and no act of the Legislature of New-York can deprive him of it, any more than such- act could deprive him of the right of holding" lands in that State, or of suing in its Courts. It appears from the record, that the boat in question was regularly enrolled, at Perth Amboy, and properly licensed for carrying on the coasting trade. Under this enrolment, and with this license, she* was proceeding to New-York, when she was stopped by ihe injunction of the Chancellor, on the application of the New-York grantees. There.
can be no doubt that here is a collision, in fact; that which the appellant claimed as a right, the respondent resisted; and there remains nothing

1824.
Gibbomns
T.
Ogden.

1824.
GGibbbons
v,
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
now but to determine, whether the appellant had, as he contends, a right to navigate these waters; because, if he had such right, it must prevail. Now, this right was expressly conferred by the
laws of the United States. The first section of the act of February, 1793, c. 8. regulating the coasting trade and fisheries, declares, that all ships and vessels, en'olled and licensed as that act provides, " and no others, shall be deemed ships or vessels of the United States, entitled to the privileges of ships or vessels employed in the coasting trade or fisheries." The fourth section of the same declares, ." that in order to the licensing of any ship or vessel, for carrying on the coasting trade or fisheries," bond shall be given &c. according to the provisions of the act. . And the same section declares, that the owner having complied with the requisites o'f the law, " it shall be the duty-of the Collector to grant a license for ,,arrying on the coasting trade ;" and the act proceeds to give the form and words of the license, which is, therefore, of course, to be received as a part of the act; and the words of the license, aft' the necessary recitals, ate, " license is hereby granted.for the said vessel to be employed in carrying on the coasting trade."
Words could not make this authority more ex press.
The Court. below seemed to him, with great deference, to have mistaken the object and nature of the license. It seemed to have been of opinion that the license had no other intent or effect than to ascertain the ownership and character of thd

01' THE UIN. I''ED S"ATLS.

vessel. But this was the peculiar office and object of the enrolment. That document ascertains that the regular proof of ownership and character has been given; and the license is given, to con-
fer the right, to which the party has shown himself entitled. It is the authority which the master carries with him, to prove his right to nayigate freely the waters of the United States, and to carry on the coasting trade.
In some of the discussions which had been Jiad on this question, it had been said, that Congress had only provided for ascertaining the ownership and property of vessels, but had not prescribed to what use they might be applied. But this 1-. thought an obvious error; the whole object of the act regulating the coasting trade, was to declare what vessels shall" enjoy the benefit of being used in the coasting trade. To secure this use to certain vessels, and to deny it to others, was precisely the purpose Rbr which the act was passed. The error, or what he humbly supposed to be the error, in the judgment of the Court below, eonsisted in that Court's having thought, that although Congress might act, it had not yet acted, in such a way as to confer a rigi.t on the appellant: whereas, if a right was not given by this law, it never could be given; no law could be more express. It had been adgiitted, that supposing there was a provision in the act of Congress, that all vessels duly licensed should be at liberty to navigate, for the purpose of trade and commerce, over all the navigable harbours, bays, rivers and -lakes, within the several States, any

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURI

1824.
Gibbons
.
Ogden.

law of the States, creating particular privileges as to any particular class of vessels, to the contrary notwithstanding, the only question that could arise, in such a case, would be, whether the law was
constitutional; and that if that was to be granted or decided, it would certainly, in all Courts and places, overrule and set aside the Stat6 grant.
Now, he did not see that such supposed case could be distinguished from the present. We show a provision in an act of Congress, that all vessels, duly licensed, may carry on the coasting trade; nobody doubts the bonstitutional validity of that law; and we show that this vessel was duly licensed according to its provisions. This is all that is essential in the case supposed. The ,presence or absence of a non obstante clause, cannot affect the extent or operation of the act of Congress. Congress has no power of revoking State laws, as a distinct power. It legislates over subjects; and over those subjects which are within its power, its legislation is supreme, and necessarily overrules. all inconsistent or repugnant State ,legislation. If Congress were to-pass an act expressly revoking or annulling, in whole or in part; this New-York grant, such an'act would be wholly useless and inoperative. If:the New-York grant be oppbsed to, or inconsistent with, any constitutional power which Congress has exercised, then, so far as the incompatibility exists, the grant is nugatory and void, necessarily, and by reason of the supremacy of the law of Congress. But if the grant be not inconsistent with any exercise of the powers of Congress, then, certainly, Con-

OF THE UNITED STATES

gress has no authority to revoke or annul it. Such an act of Congress, therefore, would be· either unconstitutional or supererogatory. The laws of Congress need- no non obstante clause. The constitution makes them supreme, when State laws come into, opposition, to thegn; so that in these cases there is no question except this, Aihether there be, or be not, a repugnancy or hostility between the law of Congress and the law of the State. Nor is it at all material, in this view, whotier the law of the State be a law regulating commerce, or a law of police, or by whatever other name or character it may be designated. If its provisions be inconsistent with an act of Congress, they are void, so far as that inconsistency extends. The whole argument, therefore, is substantially and clibetually given up, when it is admitted, that Congress might, by express terms, abrogate the State grant, or declare that it should not stahd in the way of its own legislation; because, such express terms would add nothing to the effect and operation of an act of Congress.
lie contended, therefore, u'ton the whole of this point, that a case of actual collision had been made out, in this cage, -between*the state grant and the act- of Congress; and as the act of Congress was entirely unexceptionable, and clearly in pursuance of its constitutional powers, the State grant must yield.
There were other provisions of the constitutior of the United States, which had more or less fbearing on. this.questiqn: "No State shall, without the consent of Congress, lay any dtuty nf ton.

1824.
Gibbow
v. Ogdox.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
\Z00Vibf/ bons
V.
Ogden.

nage." Under colour of grants 'like this, that prohibition might be wholly evaded. 'This grant authorizes Messrs. Livingston and Fulton to iicese uavigation in the waters of New-York.
They, of course, license it on their own terms. They may require a pecuniary consideration, ascertained by the tonnage of the vessel, or in any other manner.' Probably, in fact, they govern themselves, in this respect, by the size ar tonnage of.the vessels, to which they grant licenses. Now, what is this but substantially a tonnage duty, under the law of the State? Or does it make any dlfference, whether the receipts go directly to her own treasury, or to the hapds of those to whom she has made the grant ?
There was, lastly, that provision of the constitution which gives Congress power to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing to authors and inventors, for a limited time, an exclusive right to their own writings and discoveries. Congress had exercised this power, and made all the provisions which it deemed useful or necessary. The States might, indeed, like munificent individuals, exercise their own bounty towards authors and inventors,, at their own discretion. But to confer reward by exclusive grants, even if it were but a part, 6f the use of the writing or invention, was not supposed to be a power properly to be exercised by the States. Much less could they, under the notion, of conferring rewards in such cases, grant monopolies, the enjoyment of which should be essentially iaoompatible with the exercise of rights holden under the laws

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the United States. He should insist, however, the less on these points, as they were· open to counsel, who would come aftvr him, on the same side, and as he bad said so much upon what aipeared to him the-more important and interesting
part of the argument.

.1824.
%Gibbons
V. Ogden..

Mr. Oakly, for the respondent, stated, that there were some general principles applicable to this subject, which might be assumed, or which had been settled by the decisions of this Court, and which had a~quired the force of maxims of political law. Among these was the principle, that the States do not derive their independence and sovereignty, from the grant or concessiofi of the British crown, but from their own act in the declaration of independence. By this act, they became " free and independent States," and as such, " have full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do all other acts and things which independent States may of right-do." The State of NewYork, having thus become sovereign and independent, formed a constitution, by which the "supreme legislative power" was vested in its Legislature: and there are no restrictions on that power, which in any manner relate to the present controversy. On the other hand, the constitution of the United States is .one of limited and expressly delegated powers, which can only be exercised as granted, or in the cases enumerated." This prin-

a l'Culloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. Rep. 405. Per Makshall,

C. I. Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 48. Per Story, I

VOL. IX.

5

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
124. ciple, which distinguishes the national from the Gibbons SState governments, is derived from the nature of
v. the constitution itself, as being a delegation of :gden-. power, and not a restriction of power previously
possessed; and from the express stipulation in the 10th amendment, that "the powers not delegated to the United States by the constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, arc reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." The national constitution must, therefore, be construed strictly, as regards the powers expressly granted, and the objects to which those powers are to be applied. As it is a grant of power in derogation of State sovereignty, every portion of power, not granted, must remain in the State Legislature."
These principles are all founded on the doctrine, that a strict rule of construction, must be applied, in ascertai~ing the extent and object of those powers which are expressly delegated. The powers delegated are of two classes: such as are expressly granted, and such as are implied, as "nevessary and proper" to carry into execution the, powers expressly enumerated. As to these implied powers, the constitution must be construed liberally, as respects their nature and extent: because the constitution implies that rule, by not undertaking to enumerate these powers, and because the grant of these powers is general and unlimited. But this rile has one exception: When the meansof executing any expressly grant-
a TAe Federalist,No. 82. Hotiston v.Moore, 5 IwPshat. R p.
48, Per Story, J.

OF THE UNITED STATE°

ed power are particularly enumerated, then no other mode of executing that power can be implied or used by Congress, since the constitution itself determines what powers .are "necessary and proper" in that given case.
The e delegated powers, whether express or implied, are, (1.) those which are exclusively vest.ed in the United States; and, (2.) those which are concurrentin the United States and the respective States.
It is perfectly settled, that an affirmative grant of power to the United States does not, of itself, devest the States of a like power." The authorities cited settle this question, and it is no longer open for discussion in this Court.
The powers vested exclusively in Congress are, (1.) Those which are granted in express terms. (2.) Those which are granted to the United States, and expressly prohibited to the States. (3.) Those which are exclusive in their nature..
All powers, exclusive mn their nzature, may be included under two heads: (1.) Those which have their origin in the constitution, and where the object of them did not exist previous to the Uinion. These may be called strictly national powers. (2.) Those powers which, by other provisions in the constitution, have an effect and operation, when exercised by a State, without or beyond the territorial limits of the State.

1824.
Gibbonw
V. Oden,.

a Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4 Yheat. Rep. 193. Per Marshall, C. J. Houston v. Moore, 5 1Pneat. Rep. 15. 17. Per Washington; J; Id. 45. Per Johnson, J. Id. 48. Per StoryJ.

CA6ES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GGibbons
v.
Ogden.

As examples of the first class, may be inon. tioned, the " power to borrow money on the oredit of the United States." Here the object of the power, (to borrow money for the use of the Uni-
ted States,) and the means of executing it, (by pledging their credit,) have their origin in the Union, and did not previously exist. So .as to the power " to establish tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court," the same remark will apply.
Of the second class, the power " to establish an uniform rule of naturalization," is an instance. This power was originally in the States, and was extensively exercised by them, and would now be concurrent, except for another provision in the constitution, that " citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."" It is not held to be exclusive, from the use of the term "uniform rule." This Court has held, that the use of an analogous term, "uniform laws," in respect to the associated subject of bankruptcy, docs not imply an exclusive power in Congress over that subject.' The true reason why the power of establishlng an uniform rule of naturalization is exclusive, musi be, that a person becoming a citizen in one State., would thereby become a citizen of another, perhaps even contrary to its laws, and the power thus exercised would operate beyond the limits of the .Atate.
As to concurr'entpowers: it is highly important

a Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat. Rep. 268, 269. b Sturees v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. Rep. 193.

01" THE UNITED STATES.

to hold all powers concurrent, where it can be
done without violating the pla·in-letter of the constitution. All these powers are essential to State sovereignty, and are constantly exercised for the good of the Stite. These powers can be best exercised by the State, in relation to all its internal concerns, connected with the -objects of the power. All powers, therefore, not expressly exelusive, or clearly exclusive in their nature, ought to be deemed concurrent. All implied powers are, of course, concurrent. It has never yet been contended, that powers implied as necessary and proper to carry into effect an exclusive power, are themselves exclusive. Such a doctrine would deprive the States almost entirely of sovereignty, as these implied powers must inevitably be very numerous, and must embrace a wide field of legislation. So also, all enumeratedpowers are to be considered concurrent,unless they clearly fall under the head of exclusive: either as being granted, in terms, exclusively to the United States, or as expressly prohibited to the States, or as being exclusive in their nature, as before explained.
A power exclusive in its nature, is said to be Tepugnant and contradictory to a like power in the States. This repugnancy exists only in cases where a State cannot legislate, in any manner, or under any circumstances, under a given power, without conflicting with some existing act of Congress, or with some provision of the constitution. Thus, it is laid down by the commentators on the constitution, that "the power granted to the.Union is exclusive, wherf the existence of a siiiilar power

1824.
Gibohs
v.
Oqem-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. Giibbbboonnss
V. Ogden.

in the States would be absolutely and totally contradictory and repugnant." "Or where an authority is granted to the Union, with which a similar authority in the State would be utterly in-

compatible." And again: " It is not a mere possibility of inconvenience in the exercise of pow-
ers, but an immediate constitutionalrepugnancy, that can, by implication, alienate and extinguish a pre-existing right of sovereignty."o These strong expressions show that the repugnancy of power to power must be such, as to produce actual interference and conflict, under all circumstances, and in all cases, in which the power is exercised by the two governments: or, in other words, must be such that the States can pass no law on the subject matter of the power, without contravening the express provisions o the constitution; or without actually interfering -ith the operati6n of some statute of Congress. These terms are used by the author of the papers from which they are quoted, to distinguish those cases of absolute repugfiancy from others, " where the exercise of a concurrent jurisdiction might be pro-ductive of occasional interference in the poliay of any branch of administration, but would not imply any direct contradiction or repugnancy in point of constitu'tional authority. ' The same principle has been adopted by this Court on several occasions.'

a lhe Pederalist, No. 32. b Id. No. 82. c Id. No. 82. d Id. No. 32. e M'Culloch v. Maryland, 4 Wheat. Rep. 425. Per Marshal,
C. J. Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 49. Per Store 3.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

It appears, then, that the repugnancy.which makes ipower exclusive, must be clear,' direct, positive, and entire. It cannot be a matter of speculation or theory, but must be practical: not a repugnancy that may arise in some "exercise of tbe power by both governtdents; but one that ,mustarise, in any exercise of such power, which is attempted by the States. To ascertain, then, whether any given power be concurrent, we must inquire, (1.) Whether it was possessed. by the States, previous to the constitution, as appertaining to their sovereignty? (2.) Whether it is granted, in exclusive terms, to the Union? (3.) Whether it is granted to the Union, and prohibited in express terms to the States? (4.) Whether.it is exclusive in its nature, either as operating, when exercised by the States, without their territorial limits, and upon other parts of the Union; or as having its origin and creation in the Union itself; or as being so entirely repugnant, that no exercise of it can take place by the States, without actual conflict with the constitution of the Union, in its practical operation and effects.
All concurrent powers may be divided into two classes: (1.) Those where, from their nature, when Congress has acted on the subject matter, the States cannot legislate at all in any degree. (2.) Those where the States may legislate, though Congress has previously legislated on the same subject matter.
The first class includes those instances where -any act of Congress covers the whole ground of legislation, and exhausts the subjects on which it

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GGibbons
V.
Ogden.

acts. Such is the power to fix the standard of
weights and measures. Here, when the standard of any particular weight or measure is fixed by Congress, the whole power is executed as to that
particular; and so far the power of the States is at an end. But, until Congress does this, itcannot be doubted that a State may act on the subject; and if the laws of Congress apily only to some weights and measures, all others are subject to State regulation. Thus, New-York has long had a law to regulate weights and measures, which establishes the English standard for that State, "until Congress shall establish the standard for the United States."a So, also, the power to regulate the value of foreign coin. An act fixing the value of any species of coin, necessarily disposes of the whple power as to that species. They are both instances in which, when Congress has acted at all, there immediately arises that entire and absolute repugnancy, and that utter incompatibility, which exclude the States from all power over the subject.
The second class of concurrent powers contains those in which, from their nature, various regulations may be made, without any actual collision in practice. These are, those where the power may be exercised on different subjects ; or on the same subject, in different modes; qr where the object, of the power admits of various independent regulations, which may Ollerate together. In all those cases, the State may legislate, though Congress

a I R. L. c. so. s. s6.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

has legislated under the same power. This resuits from the very nature of" concurrent po*er. Each party possessing the power, may of cours& use it. Each being sovereign as to thG power, may use it in any form, and in relation to any subject; and to guard against a conflict in practice, the law of Congress is made supreme.
The provision, that the law of Congress shall be the supreme law in such cases, is the ground of a conclusive inference, not only that there are concurrent powers, but that those powers may be exercised by both governmerts at the same time. One law cannot be said to be superior to another, and to control it, unless it acts in a manner inconsistent with and repugnant to that other. The question of supremacy, therefore, can never arise, unless in cases of actual conflict or interference. If the mere exercise of a power by Congress takes away all right from the -State to act under that power, then any State law, under such a power, would be void; not as conflicting with the supreme law of Congress, but as being repugnant to the provisions pf the constitution itself, and as being passed by the State, in the first instance, without authority. If this doctrine were true, then the provision that the laws of Congress should be supreme, was entirely idle. It would have been sufficient to have said merely, that the constitution should be supreme.0 These positions

1824. Gibtn*
I.

a Sturges v. Crowninshield, 4 Wheat. Rep.. 195, 196. Per Marshall, C. J. Houstoir v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Ret. 34. 45. Per Johnson, J. Id.49, 50. 55. Per Story, J. Livingston v. Vitt Ingeo, 9 Jolns.Rep. 575, 576. Per Thompson, 3.
MOL.. IX.6

CASES IN'THE SUPREMN CQURT

1824. *W.
Ogden.

are all supported by the judgments of this Court, and of other Courts whose authority deserves to be respected.
From this mass of authority, and the reasons oil
which it is founded, it results, (1.) That a State may legislate in all cases of concurrent power, though Congress has acted under the same powf? and upon the same subject. matter. (2.) That the question of supremacy cannot arise, except in the case of actual and practical collision. (30) That such collisi6n must be direct and positive, ond the State law must operate to limit, restrict, or defeat, the effect of a statute of Congress. (4.) That in such case, the ,State law yields in those particularsi, in which such actual collision arises, but remains valid in all other respects.
The States have, accordingly, acted upon this construction to a great extent: Thus, the power to lay and collect tazes, is admitted on all hands to be concurrent. It is constantly exorcised by the States, in every form, and both real and personal estate have frequently been taxed by the national and local governments, at the same time. So, under'the power to lay. and collect excises, the same article has frequently been taxed by both governments. And the power to lay imposts, o duties on exports, and imports, and tonnage, 'Ialso concurrent, except that no State can lay any duty on imports and exports, or duty of tonnage, unless. such as are absolutely necessary for executing it. inspection laws. So, also, the power to provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States, is a power

OF THE UNITED STATES.

which may be exercised by the States. A State may make it an offence to counterfeit the coin of any foreign country within its territory. Thus, New-Yoik hds- provided for the punishment of counterfeiting " atiy of the species of gold or silver coins, now current, or hereafter to be current ih this State."a And Congress has provided for the punishment of counterfeiting "any gold or silver coin of the United States," or of any "foreign gold or silver coins, which, by law, now are, or hereafter shall be made current, or be in actual use and circulation as money, within the United States." New-York has punished the counte feiting of "any promissory note, for the payment of money," including notes made by any body corporate ;C and under this the counterfeiting of the notes of the bank of the United States is punished. Congress has punished the same offence in the law incorporating the bank of the United States.' In all these acts of Congress, relating to coins and bank notes, it is provided, "that nothing in them contained shall be so construed as to deprive the Courts of the individual States of jurisdiction, under the laws of the several States, over any offence made punishable by these acts." This shows that Congress considered the power to punish these offences as concurrent, and that it could be exercised by the Sthtes on the

1824.
Gibbong
V.
Ogden.

a 1R. L. p. 406. s. 5.6. b 4 L. U.S.67.
c IR.L. 404. d4L. U.S.91. 61d. 47.

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUiT
ground of their own inherent authority, as it is held that Congress cannot delegate any part of the criminal jurisdiction of the United States to the State tribunals.' Again: the power to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia, is a concurrent power, according to the same principles' But the States have been in the constant habit of superadding to the regulations of Congress, additional provisions, suited to cheir own views and local circumstances.' Those inRtances, which might be greatly multiplied, show the practical. construction put, both by Congress and the State Legislatures, upon these concurrent powers.
The learned counsel here recapiiulated the principles laid down, and proceeded to apply-them to the discussion of the cause, which he divided into two branches. (1.) The supposed repugnancy of the laws of New-York to the power of Congress on the subject of patents and copy-rights. (2.) Their supposed conflict with the power of Congress to regulate commerce.
As to the first, the words of the constitution are, " Congress shall have power to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their'respective writings and discoveries."

a Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat. Rep. 69. Per Story, J. b Id. 51. c 1 Ii. L. of N. Y. 216. Laws of Georgia,468, 6 Lw of 7Vennstlvania, 320.

OF-THE UNITED STATES.

This power -is concurrmnt, according to all the principles before laid down. It is clearly a power appertaining to sovereignty, and, as such, vested in the Legislature of New-York, before the formation of the United States' constitution. A power to promote science and the useful arts, is highly important to every civilized society. It embraces all the means of education, and all kinds of mechanical labour and improvements. It is .constantly exercised by all governments, as a sovereign authority, by laws for the promotion of education in all its branches, by bounties for the encouragement of discoveries and new methods of business, and by the grant of exclusive rights and privileges for the same end. It has frequently been exercised by the State of New-York, and by other States, before the adoption of the constitution. It is not granted exclusively to Congress. No exclusive terms are used. The grant is affirmative and general, like all the other powers. There is no express prohibition upon the States against the exercise of it. Nor is it exclusive in its nature. It does not owe its existence or creation to the Union. When exercised by a State, it does not operate in any manner beyond the territorial jurisdiction of that State. From its nature, it admits of a great variety of regulations, both by local and general laws, which may exist harmoniously together. Being thus -a concurrent power, it follows, according to the principles already established, that the State may exercise it at all times, and in every mode, until an actual and practical conflict arises between a right exer-

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
v. ogden,

cised under a statute of Congress, and the same
right claimed to be exercised under the State. The power, as granted in the constitution, is a
limited power, It is a clear principle, that when
the means of executing any given power are specified in the grant, Congress cannot take, by implication, any other means, as being necessary and prdper to carry that power into execution. This power, then, is limited: (1.) As tw the persons and the objects 4n regard to which it may-be exercised: these are, " authors and inventors, writings and discoveries." This enumeration excludes all right in Congress to legislate on the subject of any improvement, which is not an " inyention," either domestic or foreign. It excludes also all right to legislate for the benefit of any person who is not himself the " inventor." (2.) As to the means of executing.the power, and the time during which those means may be exercised. They are by "securing the exclusive right for limited times."
The power, considered in itself, is supreme, unlimited, and plenary. No part of any sovereign power can be annihilated. Whatever portion, then, of this power, was not granted to Congress, remains in the States. Consequently, the States have exclusive authority to promote science and the arts, by all other modes than those specified in the constitution, without limitation as to time, person, or object; and the Legislature is the sole judge of the expediency of any law on the subject.
But this power, though limited in Congress,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

is still (as has been seen)-concurrent in the States. It follows, then,· from -all the principles before laid down relative to the exercise of concurrent powers,. that a State may'exercise it by the same means, and towards the same persons and objects with Congress. A State. may, therefore, grant patents and copy-fights, which would spcure to the inventqrs and authors, the benefit of their discoveries and writings, within the limits of the State. In such cases, the citizens-of other States might use the invention, or publish the book at pleasure. But if a patent or copy-right should be obtained under the law of Congress, the right under the State grant would cease as gainst that of the United States. Suppose the :Luthor or inventor does not apply fo a patent or copy-right from the United States, or is willing to secure the exclusive right within any one State only, and leave the invention common in every other part ot the Union; may not that one State secure the right within its own territory? This question may be answered by seeing how far Congress has exercised the power. An examination of the different patent laws will show, that Congress has, in various particulars, omitted to exercise the entire power given to them by the constitution. Thus, by several of these laws, the right 'of'obtaining a patent is .confined to citions, and,, consequently, the power of granting patents to aliens, is left to the States. The whole power is inoperative, un-
il Congress acts under it by legislating: and the 'law itself is inoperative until some person obtains a patent. "Inevery case, therefore, the power is

1824.
bbo m
V.
Ogden.

1i24.
V.
odgw

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
unexecuted until a patent is actually granted. The State may consequently act in all cases.
But Congress has confined its statutes to case' of -invention, as the constitution directs. Where then is the power to reward or encourage the introduction of useful machines or inventions from abroad? or, the establishment of any art, whe. invented at home, and the discoverer does not apply for a patent? or, where the invention is given to.the public, and great expense must be incurred to put it into use? All these things appertain to sovereignty. Congress has no power over them. The power, being sovereign, must exist somewhere,.and is, therefore, exclusively in the States. If the nature of the power which is given to Congress be examined, it will be found that it confers no authority to create or grant any right or property. It is clearly founded on the presumption, that the right or property may exist, independent of the power. Thus, one of the comnntators on the constitution says, " The copyright of authors has been solemnly adjudged, in Great Britain, to be a right at common law. The rigl~t to useful inventions seems, with equal reason, to belong to the inventor "n The adjudication here referred to, is that of Millar v. Taylor,b where it was held, that the author of any book has the sole right of first printing and publishing it, but that the iight was controlled by the provisions of the stat. 8 Ann, -relative to copy-rights.

a-The PederaHst, No. 43. b 4 Dur.2408.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

But, the common law of England was the law of New-York, at the adoption of the national constitution. There was no statute of New-York similar to that of Ann, and, of course, the right existed there, without the security for its enjoyment, provided by that statute. The right, also, was local, and confined to the territorial jurisdiction of the State. The policy and object of the constitution was, to secure the right co-extensively with the Union. Its exercise in any .one State, might be affected in its operation by the pirating of books and inventions in the adjoining States, and that evil could only-be corrected by the national Legislature. The right, therefore, in any one State, was imperfect only as to the security and the means of enjoyment.
It appears, then, that the power is founded on the basis of a pre-existing right of property, from the nature and origin of the right, as before stated, .and from the terms in .which*the power itself is granted. The word." secure," implies the existence of something to be secured. It does not purport to create or give any new right, but only to secure and provide remedies to enforce a preexisting right throughout the Union. This power differs essentially from the sovereign power to create and grant an exclusive right. It has been adjudged, under the English stat. 21 Jac. I. a. 3. that a grant may be made for any invention which is new in England, though known abroad.a That statute, therefore, authorizes the creation of a right

1824.
Gibbon
v.
Ogden.

a 3 WcatLRPe.y 41p. p. 15..

VorAM - -

7

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. 'Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

of property in a thing imported, in which no right of property, under the laws of England, before existed. But the patent laws of the United States merely extend to inventions actually made iiA the
United States, and not to any imported invention. The whole extent of the sovereign power, exercised by the British Parliament, on this subject, was vested in the Legislature of New-York. A part only was given to Congress, and all the residue remains in the State exclusively.
What then is the effect of a patent? It creates no new right. It secures the patentee, for a limited time, the exclusive right to his invention; so that he has the sametexclusive right in it, that he has in any other kind of property. His right, however, is secured more extensively than any State law could secure it. But, within the limits of the State, a pateqt under the local law would be just as effectual. What is the situation of the right, after the expiration of a patent ? The right under the common law of the State, may be considered as perpetual. It was so ruled by the Judges in Millarv. Taylor; but it was determined in the House of Lords, that the perpetuity of the right was controlled and limited by the statute of Ann. There is no such statute in NewYork, and, therefore, the right remains as at common law. The act of Congress cannot destroy the perpetuity of a right held under the law
of New-York, and which the act of Congrep has only secured for-a certain time, to a greater extent, and by means of more effectual remedies. The right, then, remains, at the expiratiou of.the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

patent, in the same condition as at its commencement, so, far as regards the laws of New-York, and within the territorial limits of that State, but cannot be asserted in othei States. Even if this were not so, and it should be considered that the right becomes common, at the expiration of the patent, then it is like all other common rights, subject to the control of the municipal laws of the State. It is of the essence of. sovereignty to control and regulate all comon rights. The Legislature, possessing " supreme legislative power," may. destroy a common right, either by abolishing it, and prohibiting the use of it.altogether, or by converting it into an exclusive right. Thus, a right of way may be common, either by land or water, and it may be shut up. by law, and the use of it prohibited. So, a right of fishery, in navigable waters, is common, and it may be prohibited altogether, or converted into a 'several fishery. In the same manner, as, to patent rights and literary productions: if, after a patent or copy-right has expired, the right to use or publish becomes common, it may be controlled by law, and turned into a private right. So that a State law may continue or extend a patent-right at pleasure.
Thus, it follows, that whether the right of the patentee remains in him,- after the expiration of his patent, at common law, or whether its use becomes common to all, it is subject to the State law, in the same mainer, and to the same extent, as all other rights, and may, consequently, be controlled, litnited, extended. or prohibited, at the pleasure of the Legislature.

1824.
G'ibbon's
v. Ogden.

1824.
"~G' ibbons
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
But the State may control or prohibit the use of any patented thing, during the existence of the patent. If an invecntor, do not apply for a patent for the invention, no other man can. The right of the inventor, in such a case, remains as at common law. Every -right or kind of property, created by the laws of the State, is subject to be controlled and regulated by the supreme legislative power of the State. It cannot then be doubted, that before a patent is obtained, the State may prohibit the use of the thing invented ; either on the ground that it is mischievous in itself, or from motives of general policy, that it is inexpedient to permit it. As, if it interferes with any general interest, as a labour saving machine, which might deprive great numbers of their ordinary means of subsistence: or, if it should effect any great change in the course of business, which the Legislature might deem injurious, as it relates to the commuDity. Of these questions of general policy, and of the expediency of any such prohibition, .the Legislature must, of course, be the sole judge. Thus, in the act of New-York, to incorporate the North River Steam-boat Company, the corporation is prohibited from using any of its boats for the purpose of carrying freight. This was done to protect. the great shipping interest employed in the navigation of the Hudson River. Would this exercise of power be affected by the obtaining bf a patent? -The object and effect of a patent is, (as we have seen,) to secure a pre-existing right, iinperfect as to its means of enjoyment and its extent. The patentee obtains nothing by his grant, except an

OF THE UNITED STATES.

exclusive right, as it relates to the Union, instead of a right limited to the State, together with more complete and certain remedies to protect and enforce that right. If, therefore, he could not use the thing invented, against the State law, before it is patented, neither can he thus use it after it is .patented, for his grant conveys no greater right than before existed. It is the undoubted attribute of all sovereignty, to regulate and control -the use of all property. A thing patented, when made and put in use, is nothing more than property; and, like all other property, is subject to the control of the sovereign power, as to the right to use it. There can be no doubt that it may sometimes become important or necessary to the welfare of society, to regulate or prohibit the use of a thing patented. Congress calnnot do this, or, at least, it has not done it. After the patent is granted, the power of Congress over the subject matter is exhausted. Patented things may be dangerous or noxious, either universally so in every part of the country, or locally; or, they may be useful at one time; and mischievous and noxious at another. Patented manufactures may be injurious "to the publhi health, though highly useful. as manufadtures; or they may be nuisances to private individuals and neighbourhoods, though extremely useful to the public. Can Congress provide by its laws for the abatement of a public nuisance? or give a right of action to afn individual for a private nuisance? .If not, these powers must reside
inthe States. The right to use all property, must be subject to modification by municipal law. Sic

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
-Gibbons V.
Ogden.

utere tuo ut alienum non ldas, is a fundamental maxim. It belongs exclusively to the local State Legislatures, to determine how a man may use his own, without injuring his neighbour. Can
a patent give rights, by which a patentee may infringe the vested rights of others? Can a patented boat be used on a ferry, the exclusive use of which has been granted by a State law?
This argument may be illustrated by the power to secure to authors the exclusive right to their works'. This power is founded on the same reasons with the other, and gives the author the same rights as the inventor. Can the author, by virtue of his copy-right, publish against the prohibition of State law? A book may be libellous, or blasphemous, or obscene. Cannot the author be indicted and punished for it? May not a citizen maintain an action for the libel? If so, it cannot be lawful by virtue of the copy-right. If iho
State can punish the act of publishing, it may entirely prohibit the publication. It may regulato and restrain the press, so far as it is not prohi. bited by its own constitution.
The laws of Congress are framed on the supposition that the power to prohibit remains in the States. By the existing statute, they have not provided that any inquiry shall be made as to the utility of the supposed invention, when the patent is applied for. There is no authority to refuse a patent, on the ground of the inutiliiy of the inven-
tion, and in practice, no inquiry is ever made, and patents issue, of course, on making the oaths
and paying the fees, even for things the most

OF THE*UNITED STATES.

triflingy absurd, and injurious. There is no provision for the repeal of a patent, on the ground of its noxious or useless character. The law does not purport, in. its terms, to give a right to use the-thing patented, against the provisions of any State law. The act provides, (s. 1.) that if any person shall present a petition, "signifying a desire of obtaining an excl= e procperty," &c. then a patent shall issue, granting.to the petitibner ":the full and exclusive right and -liberty *of making, constructing; using, and vending to others to be used,": the thing patented. The " exclusive property" spoken of, is only the same property that exists in any thing else, and, of itself, gives no. right ti use the thing against the State law, any more than in the case of any other property. The words "using, and vending to others to be used," are inserted to make the description of that "exclusive property" complete. The words "making, constracting, and vending," would not have constituted entire property in the thing, as one -mightmake and vend, and all the world might use. The patentee's right of property might thus he greatly invaded, and he would be left without remedy, except against the" maker..' The word "using," in the act, must receive this limited con. struction, or the law of Congress goes beyond the power in the constitution. That was only to "secure" a right,, and meant nothing more than that -a patentee sh6uld enjoy it alone, if any body was perpitted to enjoy it. Bfit it was never intended thatPthe jatentde should set the State laws at defiance. The acts relative to copy-rights, strongly

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

1824.
Gibbbons
,'.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
support this position. Those acts contain no provision to ascertain the character of the books or engravings to be published, and whether they be such as may be safely permitted, consistently with
the good order of society and public morals. They grant the same right to the author, as the patent grants to the inventor. In both cases, they depend on the same constitutional right, and only convey a right to prevent others from using or publishing without his consent, but not to enable him to use or publish without restraint.
If a State can thus control a right to use a thing patented, directly, it may do it indirectly. If by a positive law, then, through the agency of the Courts, by injunction or otherwise. Or, the right to prohibit the use of it may be delegated to individuals, either acting as public agents, or in their own behalf. to protect some other right vested in them; and may forbid the use ofthe thing patented, or the publication of the book, the copy-right of which has been secured, without their license. So that if an exclusive grant be made by a Statelaw to an individual, with a provision that the thing grantcd shall not be used in the State, without license of the grantee, and there be a patent under the act of Congiess for the'same thing, the consequence would be, that the State grantee could not use it, because it would be a violation of the patent, and the patentee could not, without the license of the State grantee, because the State law prohibited him. Thus, the State lawwould be inoperative, so far as it granted the exclusive right; but valid,'so far as it prohibited the use of the thing patented.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

These principles may be applied to the law now in

question, which gives an exchisive right, and for-

bids any person to use the thing which is the subject of the right, without the license of the persons

in whom it is vested. It contains a granting clause,

and a prohibiting clause. The injunction is found-

ed on the prohibition, and may be enforced, though

the grantees might not use their right. Let it be

supposed that, from reasons of public policy,- the

laws of New-York had prohibited-the use of steam

boats entirely, and had directed the Court of Chan-

cery to restraii them by injunction, would not the

prohibition have been a valid one ? and if so, may

not the State determine that it is against the public

interest, that steam boats should be built or naviga-

ted, unless under the direction, or with the license;

of an individual, who may be thought particularly

skilful in that business? Ii might, theiefore, be

contended, that this injunction is to be sustained, whatever might become of the respondpnt's exclu-

sive right.

A State may prohibit the use of a thing-patent-

ed, by virtue of its power over the public domai2.

A patented thing cannot be used on the private

property of an individual, without his consent.

The power of the State over the public property,

is, at least, equal to that of an individual over his

own; and particularly so, as to the navigable ri-

vers in the State, 3,hich are, emphatically, the pro-

perty of the people of the State, and subject to

their authority, acting through the local Legisla-

ture.

·The question has hitherto been discussed, as if

VOL. IX.

8

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons Oge.
Ogden;

the exclusive right claimed by the respondents, was the right to an invention, for which a patent may have been, or may yet be obtained. But in truth, his right is hot tothe use ofany invention, or of any thing for which a patent can'be granted. Jivingston and Fulton do not, on the face of the acts granting or securing the right, claim to be the inventors of any thing. In the act of 1798, c. 55. s. 21. it is recited, that R. R. L. "is the possesso of a mode of applying the steam engine to the propelling of vessels, on new and advantageous principles." It is not alleged or pretended, that he was the discoverer of that mode, or of the principles ofits application; or that the mode, or the
principles, were secret or unknown to the restof the world. His right, therefore, is to the use of
an improvement, introduced (perhaps) from a foreign countiy, aii,, ,onsequently, not the subject of a patent, and in respect to which Congress has .no power'to legislate at all. On the other hand, it does not appear, that the appellant has alpatent
for any thing connected with the subject of steam boats, or for any thing belonging to the steam engine, which can be used in navigation by steam. He can, therefore, claim no right, in this case, under -the patent. laits; and there is no question as to. any actual conflict between the State right and a patent right. He is, consequently, compelled to rely upon the broad ground, that the State has no power to legislate at all, for the encouragement of
any art or science, or for any improvement connected therewith, bcause Congress has legislated under a power which is partial-in its extent, both as to objects and time

OF THE UNITEA STATES.
The result of all that has been said, tends to 1824. establish, that the power in the constitution is strict- G'-ib'-bons ly a cbncurrent power. That it is also a limited v. power in Congress to promote science and the arts, Ogden. by particular means, and in regard to particular. objects, and for limited times. That all the residue of the power, to promote science and the arts, by all other means, ahd towards all persons and objects, and for unlimited times, remains exclusively in the States. That the States may legislate, in pursuance of this concurrent power, in all cases, and can grant exclusive rights"to any'thing which may be th6 subject of a patent, which will be valid within their own territory until a patent is actually issued under the authority.of the Union. That when a patent i~sues%the State has full power to prohibit or control the use of it within its territory, though it cannot grant the right to use the patented thing to others. That it may exercise the power of prohibition, partially or totally, by direct legislative acts, or through the medium of its Courts, and may delegate the right to prohibit to any'of its*citizens. That in the prqsent case, -the right of prohibition has been delegated.to Livingston ind Fulton; and the mode of exercising that right, is by injunction out of Chancery. That this right of prohibition may be valid, even though the grant of the exclusive right to use, &c., might be invalid. That the State laws are, therefore, valid, even on the supposition that the right granted by them, was to an invention which might be patented; and that they would be valid, as to their prohibitions, even were apatent issued for the same

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibb ons V.
Ogden.

objept. But that, in truth; the right ih,question, has no connection with any thing that -can be the subject of a patent; and if it hasi that no patent has, .infact, issued to the appellant, nor does he,
inany node, claim a right.under a patent. That the question, therefore, on this branch of the cause, is reduced to the inquiry, whether the State may legislate under' a power, confessedly concurrent, when Congress has not acted at all, or when ho person sets up a rightunder any act of Congress.
But the laws of New-York, npw in question,
are supposed to be in conflict with the. constitutional power of Congress, "to regulate commerce
with foreign nations, among the several States, and with thq Indian tribes."
This is a concurrent power, according to all the principles before laid down. It was fully possessed by the States, after the declaration of independence, and Constantly exercised. It is one of the attributes of sovereighty, specially designated in that instrument, " to establish commerce." It is not granted, in exclusive terms, to Congress. It is not prohibited, generally, 'to the States. The only express restraints upon the power of the States, in this respect, are against laying any impost or, duty on imports or exportA, (except for the execution of their own inspection, laws,) or of tonnage; against making any agreement or compact with a foreign power; and against entering intb any treaty. "All these prohibitions, being partial, are founded on the supposition, that the whole power resided in the States. They are, accordingly, all in restraint of State power. It is a clear

OF THE UNITED STATES.

principle of interpretation, that wflere a general power is given, but not in exclusive terms, and the States are restrained, in express terms, from exercising that power in particular cases, that in all other cases, the power remains in the States as a concurrent power. Thus, the commentators on the constitution, speaking of the taxing power, say, "this restriction implies an admission-that, if it were not inserted, the States would possess the power it excludes. And it implies -a further ;dmission, that, as to all other taxes, the authority of the States remains undiminished."' And, again: "In all cases in, which the restriction does not apply, the States. would have a concurrent power with the Union." This doctrine applies precisely to the power to regulate commerce. Laying imposts or duties of tonnage, is a part of the power to, regulate commerce; and the making of a compact or agreement with other States or nations, iq the only method by vhich' a State could make ayy commercial regulation, which, as it regards its own citizens, would operate beyond its territorial iEmits. These restrictions imply, that the general power to regulate commerce, is concurrently in the States, and that, it may be exercised by the States in ai cases to which these prohibitions do not extend. But, the same implication is still stronger from the nature anL terms of those prohibitory clauses. The State may lay duties on imports and exports, to execute its insection laws. That class of laws

1824.
Gibons
v.'
O.de.

a Vie Federast. No. 32.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GibbDoanuds v.
Ogden.

are, or may be, essential regulations of commerce, they derive their authority altogether from
State power. The existence of a power to pass them, is, therefore, expressly recognised by the
constitution. So, also, a State may lay any duty up.n imports or exports, or of tonnage, with the consent of Congress. This provision implies, that the power -o lay all duties remains essentially in the States; that the exercise of thev power is suspended, until Congress consent; 6d that, when-the consent is given, the State law acts of itself, and by State. authority alone. The States no where derive any powers from the constitution. All its provisions are in restraint of their authority, and the consent of Congress, in this instance only removes the restraint. A State may not enter into any treaty; but, with the consent of Congress, may enter into an agreement or compact with another State, or with a foreign power. A treaty is made with a view to the public welfare, either in perpetuity, or for a considerable length of time, and binds the whole Union. A compact or agreement is generally temporary in its nature and operation, and is executed by a single act, and binds only the State that makes it. In this sense the constitution must be understood,, when it speaks of trcaties as distinguished from, conpacts. It follows, that general and permanent commercial regulations with foreign powers, Must be made by treaty, but that particular and tomporary regulatiocs of commerce may be made by an agreement of a State with another, or with a
foreign power, by the consent of Congress. But,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

in this case, the compact would derive all its efficacy from the or·iginal inherent power of the State, not from the act of consent by Congress, which would merely remove an existing restraint.
There isnothing in the nature of this power, which renders it exclusive in -Congress. The power itself does not grow out of the Union, like the power "to borrow money on the credit of the United States." It do'es not operate, when exercised by a State beyond its territorial limits, like the power of naturalization. There is no necessary repugnancy between the acts -of the two governments under this power, since it clearly admits of a great variety of regulations, which may operate together, without direct interference. The restraints specially imposed on the power of the State, relating to commerce, would have been unnecessary, if it were not considered as a concurrent powei.
The practice of the Stqtes shows that the poWer has always been considered as concurrent. Thus, the State of New-York.has passed numerous laws, which are regulations of commerce with foreign nations, with other States, and with the Indian tribes." As to that part- of the powerwhich relates to trade with the Indian tribes, the people here referred to may be within the limits of a State. Thus, the commentators on the constitution consider it in that light, and contrast the power with that relating to the same subject in the

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

a These laws will be found specifically enumerated and stated in a note to Mr. Emmett's argument.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons V.
O~den.

old confederation, which was qualified so as "not to infringe the legislative rights of any State within its own limits. '"a Thus, Congress has legislated on that basis. By the act to regulate trade and

,intercourse with the Indian tribes, it is provided, s. 19, "that nothing contained in the act shall be so construed as to prevent any trade with Indiansi on lands surrounded by settlements of citizens, and being within the ordinary jurisdiction 'of any of the individual States."' But the State of NewYork has also legislated on the same subject, and by the "act relative to the different tribes and natiops of Itidians withiii this State," . prohibits the purchase of land from'any Indian, without the authority of the Legislature; prohibits the sale of various articles to any Indian- or tribe; makes numerous qther regulations, as to trade and intercourse with them, by'the citizens who surround them, so as to.cover the whole ground over which Congress ha8,declared its act should not extend. An exaiinatien of the laws of other States, will show that many.of them have legislated, under every part of this power, to the same extent, and, in some cases, to a greater extent than New-York; and will show.the havoc-which must be made in the State laws, if tiis power is not to be considered concurrent.
This power is nst.only concurrent, but is limited ia Congress.' It do-es not extend to the regulation of 4he internal commerce of any Stite. This resalts from the terms used in the grant of d~ower,

a 7PekrZist No. 2.

OF THE-UNITED STATES.

"among the several States." It results also from

the effects of a contrary doctrine, on the whole

mass of State power. Internal commerce must be that which is wholly carried on within the

limits of a State: as where the commencement,

-progress, and.termination of the voyage, are wholly

confined to the territory of the State. This

branch of power includes a vast range of State

legislation, such as turnpike roads, toll bridges,

exclusive rights to-run stage wagons, auction li-

censes, licenses to retailers, and to hawkers and

pedlers, ferries over navigable rivers and lakes,

and'all exclusive rights to carry-goods and passen-

gers, by land or water. All such laws must ne-

cessarily affect, to a great extent, the' foreign

trade, and that between the States, as well as the

trade among the citizens of the same State. But,

although these laws do thus affect trade and com-

merce with other States, Congress cannot inter-

fere, as its power does not reach the regulation of

internal trade, which resides exclusively in the

States.

It has thus been seen, that this power is con-

current; and as such, may be exercised by the

States, subject, like all other concurrent powers,

to the power of Congress, when actually exerci-

sed; and that it is limited, not extending to the

internal trade of a State. We contend, that the

exclusive right elaimed by the respondent is va-

lid,- considered either as a regulation of inter-

course and trade among the several State-4, or as-

aregulation of the'internal navigation of the State,

Considering it then. as a regulatoin of trade

VOL.IX.

9

1824.
v. Ogdm,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V. .

among the States, it becomes necessary to inquire into the foundation of the right of intercourse among the States, either for the purposes of commerce, or residence and travelling. From the de-
claration of independence, in 1776, until the estdblishment of the confederation, in 1781, the States were entirely and absolutely sovereign, and foreign to each other, as regarded their respective rights and powers as separate societies of men. During that period, the right of intercourse among them rested solely on the jus commune of nations. By the law of nations, the right of commerce has its foundation in the obligation resting upon all men, mutually to assist each other, and to contribute to the happiness of their fellow creatures. Right on one side, springs frdin obligation on the other. The right to purchase, springs from the obligation to sell. "One nation has, therefore, a natural right to purchase of another the things which it wants, and which the other does not need." The law of nations bding only the application of the law of nature, as regulating the rights and obligations of individuals, to nations and sovereign States, this is the- foundation of the right of buying. But the right of selling does not impose any obligation on another nation to buy, as that other may not want, and must be the sole judge of its own necessities., It follows, then, that any State has a natural right to purchase of any other the articles which it needs, and to open a commercial intercourse for that purpose; but that every

a Vattel, Droitdes Gensm, liv. 1. c. 8. 1.2. . 2.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

State, being under no obligation to purchase of another, may, at its. pleasure, prohibit the introduction of anyforeign merchandise. These rights of purchasing are not perfect rights, and of course cannot be enfqrced by one nation against another; and, being thus imperfect, it depends upon the will ofeach nation, whether it will carry on any commerce with another, or upon what.terms and under what regulations. These imperfect rights, like all other imperfect rights between nations, can become perfect only by treaty; the effect of which, is -to secure to a nation-rights of commerce or intercourse, -which-it before enjoyed at the vill of another. The right of travelling, or of entering into and residing in one nation by the citizens or subjects of another, depends on the same principles of international law. But the sovereign may forbid the entrance into his territory, either to foreigners in general, or in particular cases,.and under particular circumstances, ,or as to particular individuals, and for particular purposes." And as lie may prohibit the entrance altogether, he may annex what conditions he pleases to the permission to enter. In the absence of any treaty btipulafion, and of any -prohibitory regulations, the natural right would exist, and might be exercised and enjoyed.
This being the relation subsisting between sovereign States, it follows, that before the confederation, each State enjoyed the right of intercourse
with all the others, at the will of those others, both as respects the transit and residence of persons,

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden..

a Jrattel,1.2. c. 8. s, 180.

1824.
Gfflmns
V. Ogft.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
and the introduction and sale of property. The confederation was a treaty between- sovereign States, and "the better to secure and perpetuate mutual.friendship and intercourse among the peo-
ple of the different States," stipulated, that the free inhabitants of each State should have "free ingress and egress to and from any other State," and should enjoy in each State "all the privileges of trade and commerce; subject to the same duties, impositions, and restrictions, as the inhabit tants thereof respectively: provided, that such restrictions shall not extend so far asto prevent the remov al of property imported into any State, to any other State, of which the owner is an inhabitant." This-article, then, secured .the right of passing from one State to another, but gave no new right of commerce as to the introduction of any goods, and not pven the right of -removing from the State any property purchased in it. Thp rights of commerce, therefore, as between the States, remained as before, subject to all the municipal laws of the State, except that those laws must be general and impartial in their application. Under the confederation, then, the States retained thp whole power of regulating foreign commerce, and that between the States, except as stipulated in the treatv of confederation itself. Under it, all the trade and intercourse between. any State and any foreign nation, was carried on by the law of nature and, nations alone. All trade between any State and another State, as to the right-of im-
portation, &c., was carried on in the same manner. No State could make any freaty of corn-

OF HrfE UNITED STATES."

merce with a foreign power, or with another State.
Thd inconveniences resulting from these powers of the States, gave -rise to the new constitution. These inconveniences.consisted principally in the impositions and taxes levied on property imported and exported by one State through-ano-
ther. There was no inconvenience as to the right of pagsing from State to State, as that was secured by the.articles of confederation.- The constitution applied the remedy to'these evils in two ways: (1. By express prohibitions on the States, in those particulars in which the evils had been most sensibly felt, preventing them from levying any impost or duty of tonnage, without the consent of Congress. (2.) By-vesting Congress with a general power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the States. The -constitution does not profess to give, in terms, the right of ingress and regress for commercial or any other purposes, or the right of transporting articles for trade from one State to another. It only protects the personal rights of the citizens of one State, when within the jurisdiction of another, by securing to them "all the privileges and -immunities
of a citizen" of that other, which they hold subject to the"laws of the State as its own -citizens; and it protects their 'property against any duty to be imposed on its introduction. The right, theli, of intercourse with a State, by the subjects of - foreign power, or by the citizens of another State, still rests on the original right, as derived frbm the law of nations. Suppose there

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogdeb.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbns
v.
Ogden.

was no treaty with a foreign power, and no act of
Congress regulating intercourse with that power, but barely a state of peqce; that power would enjoy the right of trade and intercourse with Now-
York, by the law of nations alone. But that right might be rstrained, or regulated, or abolished by the law of New-York alone. Such was the situation of New-York before the adoption of the constitution, both as to foreign nations and the other States. The constitution has not abridged the power of the State in this respect. It has only subjected it to the .superior power of Congress when actually exercised.
An examination of the acts of Congress on this subject will show,- that, as the constitution has not given .the right of intercourse and trade, so neither has Congress, in the exercise of its constitutional powers, by any law, given that right. Here the learned counsel entered into an elaborate examition of the statutes, for the purpose of establishing this position.
It would seem to follow, from this view of the constitution and the acts of Congress, that the right of transit from State to State, by land or water, for cdmmercial or other purposes, is founded on the jus commune of nations; that the constitution does not affect that right, except in specified cases ; and as to all others, leaves the right as before, with a general power in Congress to regulate and control it, so far as it may be connected with commerce ; that the State has the concurrent power also, to regulate and control it, so far as it may be connected with commerce ; that the State has

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the concurrent power also, .toregulate and control 1824. it, in all cases where its regulations do not actually ,'Gs,ib.bonw' conflict with those of Congress ; that Congiess has v. made no .egulations, which alter or affect the Ogdegi right at all, by giving any other right than was before enjoyed; that all the regulations of the State, therefore, which operate .within its own limits, are binding upon all who come within its jurisdiction; and that if Congress deems such regulations to be injurious, it may control them by express provisions, operating directly upon the case.
The case has, heretofore, been considered as if the steam boat laws were regulations of commerce a iong the States, in the ordinary acceptation of those terms. But is the law in question any thing more than a regulation of the internal-navigation of the-waters of the State ? In terms, it applies only to the waters within the State. It does not ,deny the right of entry into its waters to any vessel navigated by steam: it only forbids such vessel, when within its waters and juris'diction, to be :moved by steam; but that vessel may still navigate by all other means; and it leaves the people of other States, or of New-York, in the full possession of the right of navigation, by all the means known or used at the time of the passage of the law. It is, therefore, strictly a regulation of internal- trade and navigation, which belongs to .the State. This may, ,indeed, indirectly affect the right of commercial intercourse between theStates. But so do all other laws regulating internal trade, or the right of transit-from one part to another of the same State; such as quarantine laws, inspec-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. tipn laws, duties on auctions, licenses to sell goods, *"GG10ibbbon-s- &c, All these laws are acknowledged to be va-
V. lid. They are passed, no.with a view or design Ogden. to regulate commerce, but to promote some great
object of public interest,within the acknowledged scope of State legislation: such as the public health, agriculture, revenue, or the encouragement of some public improvement. Being passed for these legitimate objects, they are valid as internal regulations, though they may incidentally restrict or regulate foreign trade, or that between the States. So of the laws now in question; they were passed to introduce and promote a great public improvement, clearly within the power of the State to encourage. They operate entirely within the limits of the State. They put no restraint on the right of entry into the State ; but they exclude from the right of navigation on its waters in a particular mode, because they deem that mode injurious to the public interest, unless used by particular persons. How can they be distinguished in principle, from all the other laws which have been referred to? "Isfteam boats had been pernicious in themselves, or had been deemed so as affecting injuriously other great public interests, could Congress have prohibited them on the waters of New-York, by any exercise of the power to regulate commerce ? Could not the State have done it, by virtue of its general power, on its navigable waters ? . Suppose that steam boats were found to be unsafe, and destroictive to property
or lives, unless built or navigated by persons particularly skilful, could not the State prohibit the

OF THE UNITED STATt.L.

use of them, unless thus built and navigated? It,

under any circumstances, the State may restrict

the use of them to particular persons, it may do so in its own discretion, for reasons of which it alone

is the judge.

All- this shows that the restraint imposed by

these laws, on the navigation of the waters of the

State, is merely an internal regulation of the right

of transit, or passage from one part of the State to

another; that it is a regulation which, if even in-

dispensable to the public safety, Congress could

not make; and that the power to make it must,

.therefore, be in the State.

The right of a State to regulate its internal

trade, applies as well to its navigable waters, as

to its other territory. Its rivers are its territory

and domain,'as much as the land, and equally

subject to its laws in all respects. The power of

Congress to regulate commerce applies as well to

the land as to the water. Commerce between

the States, and with foreign powers, is very ex-

tensively carried on by land. Congress has ac-

cordingly aidapted its revenue laws to the land, by

imposing duties on goods imported in carriages,

&c. When goods are brought into the 'State in

a carriage or wagon, cannot the State prohibit the

transportation of those goods from one part of

the State to another, except in a particular man-

ner, or by a particular road, or ifi vehicles of a

particular description ? Where is the difference

between. an exclusive right to navigate vessels by

steam on the water, and an exclusive right to

move carriages by steam on the land? Cannot a

VOL.IX.

10

1824.
Gibbow
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPRIEME UOUUT

1824.
Gibbons
v. : g*

State grant an exclusive privilege to carrygoods as well as passengers,. in carriages or vessels, by
water or'by land? May it not convert all its roads leading into other States, into turnpikes, levy tolls upon them, and alter and abolish them. at pleasure? All these are regulations of the internal trade of the State, but they may, and, indeed; must affect, to a great degree, the trade between the'States. By virtue of the right of a State over, itm navigable waters, it establishes ferriesy which are' exclusive rights to use, parts of navigable'wa-
Vers.for particular purposes and in a particular manner; and bridges, which interrtipt, -ahd.sometimewdestroy th6 navigation of rivers: It grants the land under the water at pleasure, builds public piers, erects dams and other obstructiins) aid diverm the- course of the waters for -any purpose whatsoever. By its power over its 'laftd territory) a State establishes roads and canals, regulates the carrying of goods, and the amount of tolls upon them, -grants exclusive privilbges to stage wagons and others, ,fr-the carriage of goods and passengers, and performs all other acts of' sovereignty in regard to these public highways.
It appears, then, that a State may' exercise the same. control in these.respects, over both land and water, within its own jurisdiction; that the right, as to both, rests on the same foundation; that of a sovereigni over his domain; and that it has uniformty been' exercised over both in the same'manner. What 'then, is the, right -under which' the respondent claims?. It is only 'an'internal regulation 'of the use of the watersof the State. This

OF THE UNITED STATES.

is clearly the case, when it applies to the -case of the conveyance- of passengers or goods, on the waters of the State, where the whole journey or transit is within the State, as from New-York to Albany. Is it in truth any thing more than an exclusive right of ferry over the waters of Hudson's river? It is, in substatice and effect, an exclusive right to carry passengers in boats navigated in a particular mode, on the navigable waters of the -State. These waters are a public highway, like any other public road on land, and, as such, are completely subject to the control of the State taws.. There are;various acts of Congress:whih recognise the power of the States to control their navigable waters. Thus, in the act enabling the people of Louisiana to form a constitution,- there is:a provision, that the State convention shu2l "passan ordinanceproviding that the. river Mississippi, and the navigable rivers and -watersleading iito the same, or into the gulf of Mexico, shall be commacnhighways, and for ever free, as .well to the inhabitants of the said State, as to other citizens of the United States, without any, tax, duty, -impost, or toll therefor, imposed by the said State.' 'a And in the act for the admision of that State, the above provisions, as to the .navigation of the Mississippi, are made one of the fundamental conditions of the admission? Similar conditions were also imposed upon the admission. of the States of Mississippi, Missouri,

1824.
Gibbons
V. OgdeM

a Ingersoll's Dig. 586. b Id. 583.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

and Alabama ;" which strongly imply, that the new States would have had a right to control the navigation of their waters, if these provisions had not been inserted; that there is nothing in the consti-
tution which could prevent them froth doing so, when they should once have been admitted as equal members of the Union; and that Congress could pass no law, under the constitution, to prevent them from doing it.
But the power of Congress is "to regulate commerce." The correct definition of commerce is, the transportation and sale of commodities. It is so considered in all the regulations made by the laws of Congress. They speak generally of vessels and their cargoes, and whatever rights are given by the laws of Congress, apply to commerce strictly and properly speaking. Any person claiming to navigate the waters of the State of New-York against the State laws, under any right derived from the laws of Congress relative to commerce, must show himself.qualified according to these laws, and actually exercising that right under their provisions. Now, if the license here set up gives any right it is to carry on the coasting trade, which consists in transporting goodi from one State to another. It is nbt pretended that the appellant was engaged in this trade, when stopped by the injunction. It appears by the pleadings, that his boat was employed in the transportation of persojns or passengers for hire, and it is notorious that this is a distinct business.

a Ingersdoft Dig. 506. 612. 617.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

It is often entirely disconnected from any cornmercial object, though sometimes indirectly connected with trade. So it has been considered by some of the States. New-York once laid a tax upon. passengers travelling in the steam boats; and Delaware taxed passengers travelling through that State in carriages. But these States could have laid ro tax on propertythus transported. If, then, the appellant's boat wafs engaged, bonafide, in the coasting trade, the question might arise as to its rights and privileges under the enrolment and license. But, when no trade is carried on, - or intended to be carried on, under the license, it is-clear that the license is a fraud,upon the State law, if that law is in other respects valid. An examination of the provisions of the statutes relating to the coasting trade will show, that they all relate exclusively to the coasting trade as before defined, and do not contemplate the carrying of passengers as distinguished from commerce. Every vessel engaged in it, must not only have a license,-but must comply with various regulations, at every departure she takes from one district to another; and, unless it is shown that such regulaLtions have been complied with, the Vessel can claim no right (in any case) to navigate under the l1aws of the United States. It does not appear that the, appellant's boat has ever done this, or pretended-to do it; or, in fact, to be engaged in trade at all.
It has thus been attempted to be shown, that our exclusive right is valid, even if the law granting it is to fie considered as a regulation or restric-

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GGibibbonns
V.
Ogden.

tion of the right of commercial intercourse.bef tween the States, on the ground, ().) That .the power to regulate commerce is strictly a concurrent power. (2.) That the State may act in any
manner, in the exercise of that power,. so long as its laws do not interfere with any right exercised under the constitution or laws of the United States. (3.) That the appellant, in this -case, has shown np right under that constitution or these Joiws, and, therefore, cannot contest the validity of the exclusive grant. (4.) That even if the enrolment and license relied, on, give a right, it is not the right of intercourse for any other purpose than for tho. coasting trade; and the appellant does not show that he was carrying on, or intended to carry on, that trade. But that the State law, in fact, is only a regulation of the internaltrade and right of navigation, within the territorial limits of the State: that the 'power to regulate this, is exclusively in the. State; that the State has exercised it, ir
the same manner, both by land and water; and that the law is valid, although incidentally it may affiect the right of intercourse between the States.
To which it may be added, that the State law may be valid in part, or as enforced under particular circumstances, though it may be void under other circumstances. Thus, the law may be held void, so far as it restrains the right of navigation between State and State, either for commercial purposes, strictly speaking, or for all purposes, including the transportation of passengers. And it may, at the same time, be valid, so far as it restrains the right of internal navigation, strictly

OF THE UNITED STATES.

speaking, either in the whole extent of thb right,
or as a mere exclusive right to carry passengers
in steam boats. Thus, the State law may be suffered to operate, in whole or in part, so far as it
may, without actual conflict with the constitution or laws of the United States.

1824.
Gibbons
,.
Ogdem.

Mr. Emmett, on the same side, stated, that the question sought to be presented, was the complete invalidity of these laws of New-York, as being repugnant to the constitution of the United States. If the invalidity be not total and absolute, (and that might well be the case with statutes, which are often void in part, and good for the residue,) the appellant must further show, that "he himself stands in that situation, which entitles him to allege .their partial invalidity; that his case is such, as that the part of the law which is void, is calculated, if enforced, to affect or injure his rights.
In addition to the general primafaciepresumption in -favour of the constitutionality of every act of.aState Legislature, this series of laws derives a .peculiar claim to that presumption, from the history of the circumstances attendant on their enactment. On the 19th of March, 1787, ashort time before the meeting of the federal convention, the Legislature of the State of New-York made its grant to John Fitch, for 14 years. From motives, of the correctness of which this Court. can take no cognizance, the Legislature, on the 27th of March, 1798, thought fit to repeal that law, on the suggestion that Fitch was either dead, or had with-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbous 0V.
ogde

drawn himself, and that Robert R.. Livingston was possessed of a mode of applying the steam engine to propel boats, &c. At this time, all the laws of Congress regulating commerce and pa-
tents, had been for above five years in operation, and their provisions familiarly known. The Council of Revision, consisting of Mr. Jay, as Governor, Chief Justice Lansing, Judge Lewis, and Judge Benson, notwithstanding the personal regard they migh t well be suppbsed to have entertained for Chancellor Livingston, (who was also a member, but did not sit,) thought it their duty to object to this bill, on the ground that the facts from which Fitch's forfeiture was to arise, had not been found by some due course of law. The act, however, passed the Legislature by a constitutional majority. But he would here ask, who made this objection, and what were the inferences it afforded, as to the constitutionality of the law? Mr, Jay's is a name of peculiar authority; Chief Justice Lansing had been a member of the federal convention; and both the Judges were perfectly conversant with the political proceedings of the day. They
were adverse to this act on. principle, and must be presumed to have presented all the objections against it which-they thought well founded. They not only did not think that the adoption of the constitution, and the enacting by Congress of her, revenue and patent laws, had made Fitch's privileges cease, but neither the constitution nor those laws appeared to furnish any objection against a similar grant to Robert R. Livingston; On the 29th of March, 1799, an act was passed, extend-

.OF THE VNITED STATES.

ing the former act for twenty years from its date,

and giving two years for making the experiment.

That passed the Council of Revision without any objection, none of the judges having dreamt that

it was unconstitutional. The time for making the

experiment having run out, without a boat having

been made, and Mr. Fulton having associated him-

self to Mr.Livingston in the investigation, on the

5th of April, 1803, the Legislature made the grant

anew to Messrs. Livingston and Fulton. And

that law was again approved of by the Council of

Revision, consisting almost entirely of new mem-

bers, and differing from the first. The time grant-

ed by this law for constructing a boat, again ran

out; and on the 6th of April, 1807, it was again

extended for two years, and that act also approved

of by the Council of Revision. In the course of that

year, the experiment was successfully made; and

on the 11th of April, 1808, the. Legislature, by

an act, which also passed, the Council of Revision,

madea contractwithMessrs. Livingston and Ful-

ton, by which they hoped to gain, and did gain,

unequalled accommodations for perscss travelling

in the State.

The success of those gentlemen awoke the cu-

pidity of others, and doubts of the constitution-

ality of those laws were, for the first time, raised.

But, after these questions were first broached, and

while opposition boats were actually building,, on

the 9th of April, 1811, the Legislature passed

another act, which also received the. sanction of

the Council of Revision. These were not judicial

decisions; but they were six consecutive and .de-

V,,T.. IX-

11

1824.
'"G"'ibbons
v.
Ogden..

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. liberative acts of Judges, equally bound, by their
'f~GUibbons ' duty and oath of office, to examine, decide, and
v. act upon this objection, if it had sufficient force; Ogden. they so nearly resembled judicial decisions, that
they might well be cited as authorities. They also showed, that the laws now objected to had not grown out of any temporary effervescence, or excitement, or party intrigues. The grant began in 1798, and had been universally ratified down to 1811.
But the constitutionality of those laws had been the subject of a judicial decision of the most respectable character. The act of 1811 had a proviso, that nothing therein contained should extend to the three opposition boats actually built and launched. With regard to two of tliem, Livingston and Fulton filed a bill for an injunction to prevent their navigating. The.then Chancellor thought the question too important to grant an injunction, .n the first instance, and refused it; from -that decision an appeal was made to the Court of Errors, of that State; thc:e the constitutionality o those laws was very ably disputed, but supported by the unanimous decree of that Court, and the very elaborate opinions of the Judges, which, for sound constittional reasoning, can scarcely be surpassed."
New-York is. not the only State which has passed such laws. Massachusetts, February 7, 1815,. granted to J. L. Sullivan, a similar grant for steam tow-boats, on Connecticut river, for
a Livingsqon v. Van Jngen, 9 Johns. Rep. b0

OF THE UNITED STATES.

twenty-eight years, after the expiration of his patent, which, on February 11, 1819, was enlarged for two years. N.ew-Hampshire, in June, 1816, gave him a similar privilege on the Merrimack. Pennsylvania, on the 26th of 14arch, 1813, gave a similar right to James Barnes, from Wilksbarre to Tioga Point, the borders of our State. Georgia, on the 14th November, 1814, gave a similar right to S. Howard, for all the waters of the State,. with steam tow-boats; and by another act, 19th December, 1817, granted to a company, -(probably deriving under Howard,) a similar right for steam boats for twenty years. Tennessee has lately given a similar right on the Tennessee river.
What are the provisions of the constitution alleged again the validity of those laws? They are to be found in- the powers given to Congress, art. 1. s. 8. to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; and, also, to promote the progress ,P't science and of the useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors; the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.
If the constitution had not contained either of the provisions referred to, the right of the States to grant exclusive privileges would be unquestionable. At any rate, no point could be presented to this Court, by which it could have jurisdiction" to consider the vajidity of their grants. In free. countries, which reject the pretensions of prerogative, it is (unless constitutionally forbidden) a

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogden.

CASES IN TIlE SUPREME COURT

1824.
G Gibbbonns
V. Ogden.

part of the right of legislation; and whether wisely exercised or not, is a question between the government and the people, with Which this Court have nothing to do.a Those are the only provi-
sions on the subject; for it is clear, that the 2d
see. df the 4th art. (which, -however, has sometimes been mentioned,) would not have prevented the exercise of this right:- That is only intended to secure to all citizens of the United States, when coming into any State, the same immunities and privileges that are enjoyed by the citizens of that State, and subject to the same laws and regulations; and, unquestionably, those laws do not place the citiiens of other States on a different footing than the citizens of the State of NewYork.
Those provisions, befoie specified, cannot apply to interfere with the State laws, unless where a case is presented, the facts of which bring it within one or other of those provisions.' Now, the- case presented contains nothing to make either.of the provisions of the constitution applicable to it. Certainly no patent is here presented touching the same subject matter, and with which the State gran:s are pretended to interfere. On this point the appellant has no right to ask for the
decision of this Court, or to claim the benefit of its jurisdiction.
·Neither does the case present -any ground on

a 6 Jon8.Rep. 559, 560. Per Yates, J. 563. Per Therap-
son, J. 573, 574.. Per Kent, Ch. 3. 6 Houston v. Moore, 5 Wheat.,Rep. 1. PerJohnson, J. p. 33,

OF -THE UNITED STATES.

which the application of the clause respecting commerce can be made; the vessels not having been engaged in trade or-commrerce, but in carrying passengers for hire.. But if either of those provisions can be applicable, what is the general rule for their construction, at -to the extent and conclusiveness of the powers they confer? In the delegation" of authority to Congress itself by -the constitution, the phraseology does not imply exclusive power. It is remarkable, that even the definite article the is omitted, and it is only provided that Congress shall have power, &c. And this omission was not accidental, but studiously made. By referring to the journals of the Federal Convention,a it will be found, that the sixth article of Mr. Charles Finkney's draft has the words "shall have the power," &c. In the draft reported by- the committee. of five, (qit. 7th,) the definite article is still preserved.b, In the draft as reported by Mr. Brearly, the word "the" is left out, clearly by .design.° Notwithstanding that,. Mr. Patrick Henry and Mr. George Mason, and, indeed, the opposers of the constitution generally, thought, that by* that instrument, as originally presented to the people, all the powers given to Congress.would be considered as given to them exclusively of the States., Mr. Henry said, "the right interpretation of the delegation of those

1824. "G,ib'-bons
V. Ogden.

a p.75.
b p. 222.
p. 323, 324.
d VirgirdaDebates, S00.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. powers was, that when power was given, it was
Gibbons Sexclusively given." And Mr. George Masono asks,
v. "will powers remain to the States, which are not Ogden. - expressly guarded and reserved?" This construc-
tion, which was the general foundation of the opposition to the constitution, was strenuously disavowed and reasoned against in the Federalist,' and actually produced the 10th article of the amendment. The same doctrine was, nevertheless, maintained by one of the counsel in the case of Sturges v. Crowninshield.c He says, "every power given to the constitution, unless'limited, is entire, exclusive and supreme." But the. Court held differently; that the grant of a power to Congress does not imply a prohibition on a State to exercise the Pame right.' And the doctrine is very fully enlarged upon by Mr. Justice Story, in Houston v. Moore., It is also very clearly laid down in the case al'ready cited, by Thompson, J. and by Kent, Ch. J/ But the rule is more strongly, and perhaps not less justly, laid down by Judge Tucker, in his edition of Blackstone's Commenzaries;I after alluding to the clauses 'restraining the powers given, he says, " the sum of all which appears to be, that the powers delegated to the federal government are, in all cases, to receive the
a VirginiaDe1ateg, 313. b Nos"'32. 82. c 4 1V1heat. Rep. 124, .d Id. 193. e 5 Wheat. Rep. 48. 54. f Livingston v. Van Ingen, 9 Johns. Rep. 565. 571. g Tucker'. Bl. Comm, Part 1. App. D. p. 154.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

most strict construction that the instrument will bear, where the rights of a State, or of the peopie,. either collectively or individually, mnay be drawn in question." This rule of construction
must be correct; for the constitution 'gives nothzng to the States or to the people. Their rights existed before it was formed; and are derived from the nature of sovereignty-and the principles of -freedom.- The constitution gives only to the gene-
ral government, 'and so .far as it operates on State or popular rights, it takes away a portion, which it gives to the general government. In respect to extent and range, this delegation of powers ought, perhaps, to be liberally construed; but the States or the people must not be thereby excluded from the exercise of any part of the sovereign or popular rights held by them before. the adoption of the ,onstitution, except where that instrument has given it exclusively to the geieral government. The 10th amendment, of the constitution was adopted .to secure that construction, and it is conformable to the rules of reason and law, in construing, every similar instrument. The truth of this rule has, however, bden sometimes controverted, by referring to the power of naturaliza.tion as exclusive, and. reasoning.from that to the others. Naturalization is.decided by this Court to be hn exclusive power; but it must he so considered, not from .the grant of it in the 7th article, but from the 'orce and necessary. effect of he 2d see.of the 4th article. It is, therefore, an exception3 -and does not shake the general rule.
It is of verylittle.importance, whether the power

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gib bons
.
gden.

to regulate commerce be excluszve or concurrent. since this State grant does not, in fact, interfere wiih any congressional regulation of commerce But as the exclusive nature of that power
has been always insisted on, and used as an argument against this grant, it may be right tW consider the solidity of the assertion.
The expression, concurrent powers, is objected to, as if it implied equality in the rights vested in Congress and the States. It is only a verbal criticism, that it W.ould be more correct if the term usedwas co-ordinate. The term, concurrent, is adopted by the Federalist, and has constantly been used to express those powers. It is always understood, when so applied, that the exercise by the States must be subordinate, and never can be in collision Vvith that by Congress. It has been said, commerce .s'an unit ; the meaning of that expression does not very clearly appear, nor its force and. application to the argument. If it be an unit, the constitution has broken it into fractions, and given'to the States the exclusive control of one of the fractl~ils. But further, the regulations relating to-that unit, are many and various: some acting -on one part, and some on another, and operating.oil it in different ways. It is with these regulations, that this discussion has to do; and the question still remains, whether some of those regulations may.not, subordinately, emanate from the States.
. As Congress has no power to regulate the in-
ternal' commerce of any State, none of its regulations can affect so mucit of the exclusive grantas

OF THE UNITED STATES.

restrains vessels which are only used within the

States; nor can it give to any man a permission

to carry on any steam boat navigation, which, in

its beginning, and ending, and course, is entirely con-

fined within'thp waters of the State : for instaric6,

betW'een New-York and Albany; on Cayuga lake;

on lake Ontario, and the St. Lawrence, from Ni-

agara to.Ogdensburg. The only quetions can be,

as to navigation bftween foreign countries, or ano-

ther State and New-York; and even there, the

power of Congress coul only be extended to fair

cases of trading,within the purview of the consti-

tdtion, and not to the mere transoortatioh of pas-

sengers; nor to anycolourable pretence of trading,

as a cover for carrying passengers, and defeating

the grant. This distinction is, in itself, of g-er.*

consequence, and peculiarly applicable to the case

before the Court, in which th6 complainant states,

and the defendant admits, the vessels to have been

employedinthe transportation of passengers. The

power given to Congress to regulate commerce

with foreign nations, and between the. several

States, relates to commerce, in-the proper accep-

tation of the term; "the exchange of one thing for

another; the interchange of commodities; trade or traffic." This is the direct subject of the puwer.

and by force of the auxiliary power, "to make all

laws which shall be necessary for carrying into

execution the foregoing powers," Congress hls

passed laws for erecting ports of entry and delive-

ry, for the collection of duties, regulation of sea-

men and ships employed in foreign commerce, or

that betwo~n t66 States. Ports, duties. seambn

VOL. IM.

72

124. -
v.

1824.
Gibbb ons
v.
Ogden,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
"md ships' afford the means of regulating commerce, and therefore, so far as they are used in such commerce, they nome within the powers of Congress. It ha, an incidental power, indeed, to
regulate navigation, but only so far as that navigation is, or may be, subservient to the commerce it has a direct power to regulate. It has no right to interfere with, the navigation of the navigable waters of any State, br even where they are common to two States, except so fir as that navigation is used for, or applicable to, the purposes of the commerce it has the power to regulate; and it is a proposition unequivocally false, when asserted generally, that Congress has power to interfere with or regulate the navigation of the navigable waters of any State or States. The proposition can only'be made true, by adding the qualification, "in so far as that navigation is used in foreign commerce, or commerce between the States." It is contended, that the navigable waters belong peculiarly to the Federal government, and not to the States within which they are. This position, combined with some others, made by the appellant's counsel, leads to alarming results. We have canals of Which we are proud, and from their tolls the State anticipates large prdfits: one is laying out from Sharon, in Connecticut, to the Hudson ; anid another contemplated through New-Jersly, from the Delaware to the Hudson. Those already in operation, run from navigable waters to navigable waters; from lake Erie or Champlain to the Hudson: those projected,. are to be from one State to another. Their utility and profits must

OF THE UNITED STATES.
result from transporting the produce of Canada, or other States, to New-York, principally for exportation and foreign trade; and bearing back, in return, the products of foreign commerce to those places. They are, then, instruments of foreign commerce, and of that among the States; and mere channels of communication between navigable waters, or different States. Now, where a power is given to Congress, all the means which are appropriate.and plainly adapted to the execution of that power, are also given.0 It is contended, that it belongs exclusively to Congress to regulate the-navigation and vessels that are the medium of foreign trade, and that between the States; this commerce is an unit, and cannot be divided; the navigable waters belong to the general government, and not to the States; d~o State has a right to collect revenue from foreign trade, or that between the States. If these positions be coisidered together, what becomes of the State control over our canals, the craft on them, or the tolls from them? -the pier at BlAck Rock, or the basin at Albany ? If the power of Congress over commerce be exclusive, it must also have exclusive control over the means of carrying it on. No State, then, should be mad enough to make another canal, susceptible of being used for intercourse between the States, or foreign commerce.
But there is no grant in the -constitution giving the navigable waters peculiarly to the Federal go-

1824.
Gibbons
Y.
Ogden.

a United States v. Fisher, 2 Cranch, 358. M(Cuiloch v. Dthryland, 4 Mw . Rep. 316

CASESJIN THE SUPREME COURT
vernment, and not to the States within which they " may be.; nor is it traced to ziny grant, but to some
mystical consequence of the Union itself. The '~pition is entirely deniped, and m6t by another, of
which the strictest examination is solicited. It is this'. the Federalgovernment can do no act on the.aa'igable'waterswithin the limits of the United.Slates, which, or a correTonding act to ivlhi.,it cannot do on the land,.within the same limits Ifit can, let the. act-be named, Then the navigab.le-watersbeloag no more to the Federal government, and are no .otherwise afrected by the Union, than the land. itself. Both are equally subject to, the jurisdiction of the general government, for the exercise of all powers delegated. ,to it by the constitution, and both equally-subjeot. to State jurisdiction, for the exeroie of all powers connected with State sovereignty. !tisaid, .that admiralty and maritime jurisdiction -belong exclusively to the Federal. goyernment ; but this Court has decided, that the grant to the United Sta~ea in the constitution, of all -c-ases Df admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, does hot extend to a cession of the waters"in which those cases may.arise, or of gnerAl jurisdiction over the same ; and that the general jurisdiction over tho place, subject ,to this grant, .adheres to the territory as a portion not yet. given away; and that the residuary. powers of ·legislation still remain in the State. Besides, "admiraltyand maritime jurisdiction depends either --)n the place whbte the act is done,.or the nature of
t I nired States r.BeVans, 3 WhA eft . 86.

- OF THE UNITED .STATES.

the act itself. The place gives no jurisdiction, where the navigable waters in which the tide-ebbs and flows are within .the body of a county or a Stath, or of two States.a Accordingly, the laws giving jurisdiction of erimes Xo the District and Circuit Courts, confine it to "places out of the jurisdiction of any partictilar State." If the Admiralty Court has cognisauce of any matter don6 on navigable-waters within a State,*it is derived, hot from the locus, but from the causa litis, which gives jurisdiction, though it should arise on land : for instance, seamen's wages, founded on shipping articles made on land, have always, and charter parties and policies of insuranpie, have lately, been held to be of admiralty jurisdiction.b
But, it is further said, to prove the exclusive control of the general government over those navigable waters, that they-are regarded and treated as the high seas, since this admiralty and mari-. time jurisdiction includes "all seizures under laws of impost, navigation or trade of the United States, where the seizures are made on waters which are navigable from the sea by vessels, of ten or more tons buithen, within their iespective districts, as well as upon the high seas." The seizures alluded to, are for breaches of commercial laws, coming under the constitutional powers of Congress, and the authority of the United States over the place, on that account, is equal, whether the of-

1824.
Gibbons
v.

a 4 l-st. i7, j38, 139, 140. 12 CO. 129. 892.
6 De Loiov. Bo%, 2"GaU4. &n. 308.

Moor, 122. 891,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbboous
v.
Ogden.

fence be committed on land or water; and the very next sentence gives to the 'same District Court "exclusive original cognisance of all seizures on. land, or other waters, than as aforesaid
made." In fact, analogous 'provisions. for regulating foreign commerce .by land, are made by the actof the .2d of March, 1821, "further to regulate the entry Qf merchandise imported into the United States from any adjacent territory." It
directs'every conductor of any carriage or sleigh, and every other person coming from any adjacent foreign territory into.the United States, with merchandise subject to duty, immediately on arrival within the United States, to deliver a manifest, &c. at the office of the nearest Collector, or Depuiy. Collector, to be verified on oath ; for noncompliance, the carriage or sleigh shall be forfeited. The duties to be paid or secured by bonds; and all penalties and forfeitures to be sued for and recovered in the manner prescribed by the general collection law. Clearly, then, Congress has no more power over the navigable waters, than over the land; nor over the ships, than it has over the carriages and sleighs engaged in the same kind of -commerce. It might register, enrol and license the latter, if it thought fit, as well as ships. Nor is there anygreater control acquired by th6 general government, in virtue of the exis.tence of the Union, over navigable waters or shipping, than over land and land carriages. The power it possesses as to ships or vessels, is only in so far as they are instruments of foreign commerce, or of that between the different States; bit in so far

OF THE UNITED STATES.

as the employment of a ship or vessel in navigating the waters of any Stat·e or States, has no connexion with the commerce which Congress has power to regulate; neither that employment, nor its regulation or prohibition, falls within the purview of the federal consti*tution. Itcould not, I think, be seriously contended, that Congress can regulate the carrying of passengers from .any part of the Union, who are travelling to Balston, Saratoga, or any other place, for health or pleasure; and even it the object of their passing were to trade, that would not legalize the interference of Congress as.to the mode of their conveyance from place to place. That naturally falls within the sphere of State legislation; and we must keep in memory the rule of construction laid down by Judge Tucker, and already cited, "that the powiers delegated to the federal- government are, in all cases, to receive the most strict construction that the instrument will bear, where the rights of a State or of the people, either collectively or individually, may be drawn in question." Those who contend, that navigating by steam boats between different States, falls within the powers of Congress, must admit that it.would have the power to prohibit the carrying of goods, wares or merchandise in a steam boat from any foreign place, or different State, to another.. Now, would Congress have the power to prohibit the carrying of passengel's in steam boats from Norfolk or Elizabethtown Point to New-York ? Certainly such a power could not be contended for; and why not?

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogdmt

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
v.
4D'5d"

only because the powers of Congress.have nothing to say to the. carrying of passengers.
It may be urged against this train of reasoning, that Congress has actually Iegislated on the subject of passengers. By the act of the 2d of March, 1819, regulating passenger ships and vessels, the
fact is admitted; but, though the humane motives which suggested tle law; and its provisions, are laudable, its constitutionality may well be doubted. df.Congress has the .power to regulate the conveyance of mere passengers, coming by water from foreign countries, it has an equdil power to regulate. those coming by land, or passing from one S3tate to another. If that law be constitutional, or if a steam boat, only employed in carrying passengers between "New-Jersey and New-York, can come within the jurisdiction of Congress, it must necessarily follow, that Congress has a righf (and, indeed, according to the doctrine of our adversaries, is exclusively authorized,) to regulate the number of-passengers to be received into every ordinary stage coach, though it does not carry, the mail, and the size, shape, description, and kind of diligence, and the kind and number of horses, to be employed in conveying passengers between NewBrunswick and Maine, Vermont and New-York, and through the State of New-Jersey, between New-York and. Philadelphia! If this legislation falls under the power to regulate commerce, and that power is exclusive, it must be contended, that none of the States in which these diligences may travel, have a right to pass any law respecting tbem! Neither.this Court, nor the pe6ple of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

U ited States, are, probably, prepared for the assertion of that.claim. The States have always legislated on a different principle, whether the conveyance of passengers was to be by land or water. Every State has, probably, made numerous provisions on this subject; but, want of time and opportunity has confined research to the statutes of New-York and Georgia.o

1824.
Gibbons
Y.
Ogdem

a In those States, 1st, as to ferries and bridges: In the laws of New-York (sd vol. Webster2s ed. p. 321.) an act passed 19th March, 1803, grants to John Ransom the exclusive right, for ten years, to keep a ferry across Lake Champlain, from his landing, at Cumberland Head, to Grand Isle, in Ver'mont, with a prohibition and penalty against any olher person's keeping a ferry, or transporting any persons, goods or chattels, for hire or p.y, across the lake, between the point of Cumberland Head hnd the north point, called Gravelly Point, ton said Cumberland Head. An act passed May 16th, 1810, (6th-vol. lVebsters 4 Sdnner's ed. p. 16.) makes the same grant for ten years more, with the same prohibition and penalties, to Russel Ransom. An act passed May 26th, 1812, (Id. 394.) grants, in- the same way, to Peter Deall, and his assigns, to keep a ferry across Lake Champlain, from Ticonderoga to the town of Shoreham, in Vermont, for sixteen years, with a lijke prohibition and penalties for carrying, &c. from any place on the west shore, within half a mile north or south of Deall's dwelling house. An act, passed larch 28, 1S05, (4th vol. same ed. 66.) gives to David Alayo the same right, from his landing, in the said town of Champlain, to Windmill Point, in Vermont, for ten years, with a like prohibition and penalty. An act, passed February 20, 1807, (5th vol. tame ed. p. 11.) gives to Peter Steenberg the same right to keep, &c. a ferry between the south west point of Carlton Island and the outlet of Lake Ontario, (the high road to Canada,) with the same prohibition and penalty.
In Georgia, by an act of the 14th December, 11809, an exclu-
sive right is given to Joseph Hill, &c. for one hundred years, to erect th11e toll bridges across the Savannah and its branches, (di-
V 6.. EX.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1924. It is, however, contended, that the power of C'ib-bbon-so.,reg·ulating comImerce is concurr'ent. This posiC.gVden.. tion, indeed, is' by no means universally acceded
viding South Carolina and Georgia,) a little above the city of Savannah, on the road between it and Charleston; and it prohibits any person's erecting a toll bridge across the said river Savannah, up or down it, within five miles of the city. An act of December 6, 1813, authorized John Hill tu. establish a ferry from Savannah to Proctor's Point, till he has built his bridges. An act of 15th of December, 1809, gives to William Garritt and LeRoy Hammond a right to make a toll bridge, and exact toll, across the Savannah river, from a place on the Georgia side, opposite Campbletown; and to Walter Leigh and Edward Rowell a similar bridge; &c. over the Savannah river, at Augusta. An act of December 5, 1800, gives to commissioners the right to establish a ferry over the river Savannah, at Augusta; the tolls to be for the benefit of the academy of Richmond county; which, perhiaps, the appellant's counsel may think at variance with his position, that no State has a right to derive revenue by tolls on the trade or intercourse between two States. The same law prohibits any other ferry or bridge between Williams' ferry, opposite Fort MIoore's bluff, and Ray's ferry, opposite Cnmpbletown. An act of 6th of December, 1813, gives a ferry across the Savannah, to Ezekiel Dubze; and another is given to Zachariah Bowman and Daniel Tucker. An act, passed 9th of November, 1814p on the express ground, of facilitating intercourse with South Carolina, gives to John N'Kinne and Henry Shuhz, for twenty years, an exclusive right to a toll bridge over the Savannah, from Augusta, or within four miles thereof; and prohibits the establishing of any other toll bridge over the Savannah, from Augusta, or within four miles above or below the city.
2. As to stages. In the laws of New-York, an act, passed March 30, 1798, (4th vol. Loring 4- Andrews' ed p. 399.) grants to Alexander 3. Turner and Adonijah Skinner, an exclusive right for five years,. of running stages between Lansinglburgh and the town of Hampton, in the county of Washington, (i. e. to Vermont, or the road through it to Canada.) An ict, passed February 26, 1803, (3d vol. Webster's ed. p. 322.) grants to T. Donally and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

to. Judge Tucker, in his edition of Blackstwze,. ranks among the power·s exclusively granted to the federal government, the power to regulate

1824.
Gibbons
OgVdeq. .

others, the exclusive right, for seven years, of the same kind, from th6 city of Albany to the north boundary line of the State of New-Jersey. An act, passed April 6, 1807, (5th vol. Websters.4 Skinner's ed p. 186.) grants to John Metcalf the exclusive right, for seven years, *ofrunning stage wagons between the village of Canandaigua and -the village of Buffalo, (i. e. the road by lake Erie to Pennsylvania, Ohio and Michigan.)
-In Georgia, an act of November 23, 1802. gives to Nathaniel Twining, &c. for ten years, the-sole and exclusive right of run-. ning a line of stagi- carriages between the city of Savannah and town of St. Marys, (on the borders of Florida.) Sec. 2, gives to him an exclusive right of conveying passengers and their baggage, by water, between Darien and St. Marys, (a coasting tride-be. tween two ports of entry, if carrying passengers be n branch of trade,) till a post road is established. An act of December 7th,' 1812, gives to William Dunham the right of running stage carriages as above. Add to these, the decision of Perrins v. Sikes, in 1802, ( Day's Connect. Rep. in Err. p. 19.) that a grant by the General Assembly, of an exclusive privilege to carry passen.gers by the stage, on the post road leading to Boston, as far as the Massachusetts line, was valid, which may be added as another legal decision on the constitutionality of those laws. Indeed, as to the regulation of passengers arriving in ships from foreign parts, some of the States have exercised, at least, a concurrent power. Of that kind is the act of the State of Aew-York, (2 N. ]?. L. 440.) and Neto-Jersey. has passed a similar law on 10th of February, 1819. (Justice'sed. N.J. Laws, 655.) So also in.Massachusette, (2 Mass. Laws, 629.) by an act of February, 1794, masters of vessels coming from abroad, are required to report passengers, &c. And in Delaware, (2 Laws of Del. ed. 1797, by S. 8 J. Ada=, c. 134. p. 13S4.) an'act to prevent infectious diseases, passed 24th of January, 1797, (sec. 5.) enacts, that no waster, &c. of any ship bound to any port of that State, shall bring or import any greater

a Vol. 1. Part I. App. D, p. 180.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. commerce, &c. the commerce between the indi-, Gibbons·· viduals of the same State being reserved to the
V. State governments. And he repeats the. doeOgden. trine,- on the very untenable ground, that the re-
gulAtion of commerce is not susceptible of a concurrent exercise: a doctrine which a review of State laws will show to be 'contrary to fact and experience. The opposite doctrine is strongly supported by Kent, Ch. J. in Livingston v. Van Ingen,' as the only safe and practicable rule of conduct, and the true constitutional rule, arising frohn the federal system. And it is the' only safe
number of passengers and servants than shall be well. provided and supplied with good and wholesome meat, drink, and other necessaries, particularly vinegar, as well to wash and cleanse the vessel, as for the use of tie persons on board, during the voyage; and it directs the size of each birth, &c.; and that if any master shall offend, &c. he shall forfeit 600 dollars for every such offence. Sec. 7, enacts, that every master, &c. shall pay to the physician who boards his ship, six cents for every person lie shall import or land in that State, which lie is thereby authorized to recover from such passengers andoervanfs.respectively, and the physician shall pay over the moneys so rcceived, to the treasurer of the trustees of the poor in his county. Here is another instance inconsistent with the positibn of the appellant's counsel, (if carrying passengers be trading,) that a State has no right to.raise a tax or revenue by foreign trade. By another act of that State, passed February 3, 1802, the master or owner is required to give bond, that the person so imported and landed, shall not become chargeable. If the regulation of passengers belong to commerce, and that exclusively, (as it'must, if the*power to regulate commerce be exclusive,) by what authority can a State Court issue a ne exeat against a trader or merchant about to leave the State?
a p309.
9 Johme. Rep. 377, 578.

OF, THE UNITED STATES.
and practicable.rule; it is one which the extent of * 1824. our territory would indicate, even if the govern- Gibbons ment were despotic. In China, the Mandarins of v. provinces must be intrusted with some 4ubordi- ogd. nate. authbrity, to make commercial regulations adapted to local circumstances. With us, the peculiar, nature and piinciples of our free an& federative government, make the existence of such subordinate legislation -more prudent and poiic. There -mustbe, even in'respect to foieign commerce, local. interests and details, which cannot well be presented to the view Qf Congress, and can be, at least, better provided for by the State Legislatures, iemanating from the very people to whom they relate. This must have been perceived by the framers of the constitution, and they must have felt tho difficulty of designating the limits of what ought to be permitted to State authority. They did not, therefore, attempt the limitation, except in some plain cases, which they marked by restrictions and prohibitionA ; but they guarded against any'praotical abuse of the permission, by securing to Congress the paramount and controlling, power over the whole matter. This view of the subject is exeeedingly- strengthened, when we contemplate the probable future increase and extent of this confederacy. The thirteen ,original States were a band of brothers, who suffered, fought, bled, and triumphed together; thdy might, perhaps, have safely cdnfided each his separate interest to the gefieral will ; but if ever the day should come, when representatives from bevond the Rocky Mountains-shall sit in this -capi-

CASES IN" THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

tol; if ever a numerous and inland delegation shall wield the exclusive power of making regula-
tions for our fu, eign coin merce, without community of interest or knowledge of our local circumstance§, the Union will not stand ; it cannot stand; it cannot be the ordinance of God or nature, that it should stand. It ha' been said by very high authority, that the power of Congress to regulate commerce, "sweeps away the whole subject matter." If so, it makes a wreck of State legislation, leaving only a few standing ruins, that mark the extent of the desolation. Thb position, however, is not correct. A power of regulating commerce is impliedly acknowledged to be in the States, by the 10th sectiorf of the 1s, article; for that section makes specific limitation on its e xercise by them, which would be unnecessary, if the power were
not possessed by them; and tacitly admits (what is true as to all the State powers) that it is possessed in all other matters not expressly restrained. Congress can lay no tax or duty on any articles exported from any State. If the word exports wore not in the 10th section, what would be the consequence? that the States, and they only, could lay duties on exports; and as it is, what is the construction ? that, although Congress can, under no circumstances, impose a duty on exports, any State can, with the consent of Congress, to any amobnt; and without asking the consent of Congress, to an amount and extent necessary for executing its inspection laws ; possessing, in that respect, a power of regulating external commdrce, which is directly withheld from Congress. And

OF THE UNITED STATES.

103

from whence is derived the power to make inspection laws, but from the existing· and more ext.ensive right of making laws to regulate commerce ? It seems, also, that -thie 9th section of the same article, paragraph 1, in like manner, admits the power to be in the States. The importation of slaves is, and has always been, considered as a branch of commerce; and it is in that point of view only, that Congrbss has authority to legislate on the subject. When, then, that paragraph speaks of any of the States thinking proper to allow that importation, it surely admits in them a right to permit or prohibit; and thus to legislate on what is undoubtedjy a branch of commerce with foreign hations, or among the several States. . Indeed, it seeins susceptible of demonstration,
that Congress did not intend to ask, nor the States to give to that body, the exclusive power of regu-
lating foreign commerce, or that between the States. In Colvin's edition of the Laws of the United States, we find the proceedings, which led to the formaion of the General Convention. The appelant's counsel has selected, as one of these, the representation from New-Jersey, to be found in pages 22,23. art. 2d. But that can soarcely be said to have led to the convention. It was made in 1778, during the revolutionary war, and to meet objectionable parts of the old articles of confederation. At any rate, it appears from page 2.5, that the proposed alterations were rejected in. Congress. In 1781,1 Mr. Witherspoon

'1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogdenr.

a 1st vol. b 1b.p. 28.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GGiib-b,-onnss
V.
Ogden.

proposed in Congress a modified change of the power of regulating commerce, which was also negatived. None of the other States made any proposition similar to that from New-Jersey, in
1778. The following, more nearly approaching the time of the convention, better shows the extent of what Congress asked, and the States appeared willing to concede.a "In Congress, Wednesday, July 13th, 1785. The committee, consisting of Mr. Monr6e, Mr. Spaight, Mr. Houston, Mr. Johnson, and Mr. King,. to whom was referred the motion of Mr. Monroe, submit the following report: 'That the 1st paragrapr of the 9th of the articles of confederation, be altered, so a- to read thus, viz. The United States in Congress assembled, shall have the sole and exclusive right and power of determining on peate or war, except in cases mentioned in the 6th article ; of sending and receiving ambassadors; ebtering into treaties and alliances; of regulating the trade of the States, as well with foreign nations as with each other; and of laying such imposts and duties upon imports and exports, as may be necessary for the purpose. Provided, that the citizen4 of the States shall, in no- instance, be subjected to pay-higher imposts or duties than those imposed on the subjects of' foreign powers. Provilledalso, that the legislatirepower of the verral States, shall not be restrained-fromprohibitingthe importation or exportation of any species of goods or commodities Whatsoever,'" This is what the

a 1.L.U.S. p. 49, 50.

0V THE UNITED STATES.

Congress itself asked for and required. The State of Virginia was among the first to meet its views; and Mr. Madison, in the Legislature of that State, proposed a resolution, which will be found in the same book,a as follows :
" Virginia, to wit: In the House of Delegates, Wednesday, November 30th, 1785."
[Mr. Madison's resolution for empowering Congress to regulate trade.]
" Mr. Alexander White reported, according to order, a resolution agreed to by the committee of the whole house, on Monday last, respecting com-
merce," &c. ":Whereas the relative situation of the United
States has been found, on trial, to require uniformity in their commercial regulations, as the only effectual policy for obtaining, in the ports of foreign nations, a stipulation of privileges reciprooal to those enjoyed by the subjects of such na-
tions in the ports of the United States j for pre-
venting animosities, which .cannot fail to arise among the several States, from the interference of partial and sepbarate regulations; and- whereas such uniformity can be best concerted and carried into effect by the federal councils, which, having been instituted for the purpose of managing the interests of the States, in cases which cannot so well be provided for by measures individually pur-
sued, ought to be invested with authority in tkh'. case, as being within the reason and policy ,.f their institution*

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

a.O.53. VOL. 1X.

CASGS IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbnbso-ns
V.
Ogden.

"Resolved, That it is the-opinion of this cowmittee, that the delegates representing this Conmonwealth in Congress, be instructed to propose in Congress a recommendation to the Stptes in,
the Union, to. authorize that assembly to regulate their trade on the following principles, and under the following qualifications: 1st. Giving power to Congress to prohibit foreign vessels from entering any port, or to impose duties on them and their cargoes; such duties to be uniform, and carried into the treasury of the State. 2d. That no State be at liberty to impose duties on any goods, wares, or merchandise imported, by land or by'water, .fromany otherState; but may altogetherprohibit the importationfrom any State, of anyparticular species or description of goods, wares or merehandise, of which the importationis, at the same time, prohibitedfrom all other places whatsoever." In each of those proceedings, it was clearly contemplated, that the individual States should at least retain the power of absolutelyprohibitingthe importation of any article they thought fit, within their own respective limits. How fhr was this intention subsequently departed from ? Where is the power of prohibiting the exportation or importation of any article taken from the States by the constitution? They are indeed qualifiedly restrained from laying imposts or duties on exports or imports, but not from entirely prohibiting their exportation or importation; and they are, also restrained from laying any duty on' tonnage; and it is, perhaps, the fair construction of the instrument, that even *their prohibitory legislation, is

OF THE UNITED STATES.

under the control of Congress, as having the paramount authority to regulate commerce; but valid until Congress shall have made regulations inconsistent with their laws. A review of some of the laws of different States, will show that they have always exercised the power of making very material regulations respecting commerce. This review must be abridged; but it is of. extreme importance, and if it were possible to spread out in detail the immense mass of State laws, regulating and affecting foreign commerce, and that among the States, it would be conclusively seen, that they have always considered thetnselves as possessing, and have, accordingly, exercised a concurrent power over both those branches of trade; and that the power of Congress cannot be decided to be exclusive, without declaring to be unconstitutional, an appalling body of State legislation.
To begin with the laws respecting slaves. The appellant's counsel has questioned their constitutionality, and called them of doubtful .authority. £hat expression showed he felt their application and important bearing, if their constitutionality be admitted; and it has never before been called in question. The constitution most clearly admits the right of the States to legislate on thissubject, not merely till 1808, but always, unless Congress should prohibit the trade; and yet, as has been already suggested, slaves are treated in that very paragraph itself, as an article of commerce oi trade. Congress, renouncing for a time the paramount right to prohibit their importation, claims the right to lay a tax or duty on it. So also, they

1824.
Gibbons
v. gden.

CASES TN THE SUPREME COURT

1324.
Gibbons
V'. Ogden.

are treated as an article of commerce in the law8
~ of Congress; for it is only under the power to regulate foreign commerce, that, before f808, they could forbid and make penal, the trade by our citizens to foreign nations, and since, 1808, prohibit it entirely. In this point of"view it was also considered, and the right of the States to prohibit it asserted, in the debates of the Virginia convention. On. this article Mr. George Mason observed, "should the government be amended, still this detestable kind of commerce cannot be discontinued till after the expiration of twenty years." To which Mr. Madison, in reply, says,' " We are not in a worse situation than before. Tuat traffic is prohibited by our laws, and we may continue the prohibition. The Union, in general, is not in a worse situatiQn. Under the prticles of the confederation, it might be oontinued for ever." And again,; "as to-the restriction in the clause under consideration, it was a restraint
on the exercise of a power expressly delegated to Congress, namely, that of regulating commerce with foreign nations." Mr. George Nicholas also, alluding to both objections, says,' "Virginia. might continue the prohibition of such importation during the intermediate period." And to obviate the objection, that the restriction of Con gress was a proof that they would have power not

a-p. 321, b p. 322. c P. 323.
dp S824-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
gizven t6 them, lie remarked, " that. they would 1824. only have had a general superintendency !ft'ade, .Gib.bo4nw , if the restriction had not been inserted. But the v. southern States insisted on this exception to that Dgdt. general superintendency for twenty, years. It could not, therefore, have been a power by implication, as the restriction was an exception to a delegated power." And, finally, Governor Randolph says,a " the power respecting the importation of negroes, is an exception from the power gven to Congress to regulatecom~ierce." The same doctrine is also maintained in the Federalist.' Let us then. see the laws that liave been made by sord of the different States respecting this branch lof trade;
4 p. 330. 1 No. 42. c New-York, as wellas many other'States, prohibited the importation and exportation of slaves before the adoption of the constitution. The first law was passed iiFebruary, 1788; (2 Greesleaf, 85.) it prohibits the selling of an importedslave, and the buying of a slave with intent to export, him: and subsequent laws have confirmed and increased the prohibition of exporting and-importing slaves. It may be proper hereto observe, as applicable to this, as well as to many other laws of the States respecting commerce, that if, after the'adoption of the constitution, the individual States had not-a right -tomake them, they, and all other previously made similar laws, would, by force of that disqualification, have beeome inoperative. In 1792, lhe State of Virginiapassed a law prohibiting the importation or selling of imported slaves. (1 Pleasanta4f Paeeaeed. p. 186. sec..13.) In Delaware, (Laws of Del. ed. of 1797, by S. 8 J. Adams, p. 942.) -anact passed February 3, 1789r, enacts, that if any o vner. master, &. shall fit out, equip, man, or otherwise prepare any ship oi'vessel, within.any port. or .place in that

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gi bbons
v.
Ogden.

Indeed, Congress itself has recognised and aoted on the power of the States to prohibit this trade. The constitution restrained Congress (as
State, or shall cause any vessel to sail from any port or place in that State, for the purpose of carrying on a trade or (rajic in slaves, to, or from, or between Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, or any places or countries whatsoever, or of. transp6rting slaves to or from one port or place to another, in any part of the world, such ship, &c. her tackle, &c. shall be forfeited to the State, and shall be liable to be seized and prosecuted by any officer of the customs, by information, &c. And, moreover, every person so fitting out, &c. shall severally forfeit and pay the sum of 500 pounqs, one half to the use of the State, the other half to the informer. It further enacts, that if any person shall export, or sell, with intention to export or carry out for sale, any negro or mulatto slave, from that State tq Maryland, Virginia, either of the Carolinas, Georgia, or the West Indies, without licen e or permit of five Justices, &c. he shall pay, for every slave so exported, t00 pounds, and for every attempt so to do, 20 pounds, one half to the use of the State, and one half to the informer. Here is a State law minutely controlling a branch of foreign trade, and of that between the States, and operating explicitly by the officers of the customs. It was passed, indeed, a few weeks before the present constitution went into operation, but long after it had been accepted by Delaware; at all events, it is referred to, and confirmed, byan act, passed June 24, 1793, (c. 22. p. 1094.) requiring bail as to those offences.
In Pennsylvania, (Bioren's ed. Vol. 2. p. 443.) an act was passed, March, 1788, also prohibiting the trade; but, before examining it, let it be remembered, that the first law Congress passed on that subject, was in 1794, and that Pennsylvania had accepted the constitution in December, 1787, which, at the time of passing this act, she had recently studied and discussed. Her legislation, then, was not founded on, and did not rely on, any lav of Congress in pari materid. She not only prohibited the exportation and importation of slaves, but, by sec. 5. of that act, prohibits the building, fitting out, 4,c. of any vessel for the slave trade, or to sailfrom the port for that trade, under thepenalty qf for feiture of the vessel, 4-c. and 1000 pounds ky/ qui tam.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

has been already seen) from prohibiting the irportation of negroes, &c., before 1808. But in 1803, it passed "an act to prevent the importation
At that time, Congress absolutely permitted the slave trade; but, would not that law have been valid to prohibit it from that port?
New-Jersey passed a law to the same purport, in March, 1798, (Patterson'sed. p. 307. Justice'sed. p. 371, 372, 3 '3.) when CoAgress bad only prohibited, and could only prohibit, the trade as a foreign trade. Sec. 12, 13. prohibit the importation of slaves for sale. See. 17', 18, 19. prohibit the slave trade, and the fitting out of vessels, for the purpose of transporting slaves from oneplace to another, clearly including from one State to another, which Congress then could not do.
Connecticut, in October, 1788, after she and nine States had
ratified the constitution, (Hudson 4f Goodwn's ed. p. 626.) forbade
any citizen or inhabitant of that State, either as mast&, factor, supercargo, owner, or hirer of any vessel, directly or indirectly, to transport., or buy, or sell, or receive on board his vessel, with intent to cause to be transportedor imported, any of the inhabitantsof Africa, as slaves, with gui tan penalties; andmade all insuranceson them void. And, in 1792, (p. 628.) let it be still remembered, when Congress had no such power, she enacted, that no citizen or inhabitant of that State should transport out of the State, for the purpose of selling into any other State, country or kingdom, or buy or sell; with intent to transport out of that State, or should sell, if transjorfed, &c. In Massachusetts, (1 Laws of M11ass. 407, 408.) an act, passed March 26, 1788, reciting the evils of the African tra4e, enacts, that no citizen of that Commonwealth, or other person residing witilin the same, shlol, for himself or any other person, as masterj factor, supercargo, owner or hirer, in whole or in part, of any vessel, directly or indirettly, import or transport, or buy, or sell, or receive on board his or their vessels, with intent to cause to be imported or transported, 'any of the inhabitants of any state or kingdom, in that part of the world called Africa, as slaves, &c. under a penalty for every vessel fitted out with such intent, and actually employed, &c. Doubtless, the laws of other States might be produced to the same purpose, if the means of examination had been convenient;

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbon s
V. Ogden.

of certain persons into certain, States, where, by the laws thereof, their importation is prohibited." Proceeding upon the right of the several States to prohibit,and acting under its gener al power to re-
gulate commerce, it imposes additional penalties on the importing or landing of any negro, mulatto, or person of colour, &c., in any State which, by law, has prohibited, or shall prohibit, their admission or inportationa.' And it makes it the duty of the officers of the customs, to notice and be governed by the provisions of the laws of the several States prohibiting their importation or admission; and enjoins it on them vigilantly to carry into effect the said laws .of such States, any law of the United States to the contrary notwithstanding. How could- Congress do this, if the power ofprolhibiting the trade were not unquestionably possessed by the States, in 'their sovereign capacity ?
The quarantine laws further illustrate our position. The appellant's counsel says; these are to be considered merely as laws of police; they are laws of police, but they are also laws of cornmerce; for such is the nature of that commerce, which we are told nqust be regulated exclusively by Congress, that it enters into, and mixes itself with, almost all the concerns of life. But surely that furnishes an argument, showing the necessity

those already cited, however, are sufficient to shov, that the individual States regulated the slave trade, as a Irade, both with foreign nations, and between the States) by virtue of their own sovereign authority, afier the adoption of the constitution - but before Congress did, and before they could do it:
a 3 U. S. L. p. 529.

F THE UNITED STATES.
that the States should have a cancurrent power over it.- Judge Tucker considers them as laws of commerce, when he says," "another consequence of the right of regulating foreign commerce, seems to be, the power of compelling vessels infected with any contagious disease, or arriving from places usually infected with them, to perform their quarantine. . The laws of the respective States upon this subject, were, by some persons, supposedto have been virtually repealed b&the constitution of the United States:" (and why must not that be the case, if the power of Congress regulating commerce be exclusive ?) "but Congress have manifested a different interpretation of that instrument, and have passed several acts for giving aid and effect to the execution of the laws of the several States respecting quarantine." It will be recollected, that the first rec6gnition by Congress of the quarantine laws, was in 1796; and that only directs the officers of tle government to obey them; but does not pretend, or attempt, to legalize them. And, indeed, it could not do so, if the States had no concurrent power, and the regulation of commerce was exclusively delegated to Congress; for the power which is exclusively delegated to Congress, can only be exercised by Congress itself, and cannot be sub-delegated by it. It is, therefore, no reply to the force of the argument drawn from those laws, to say, that they have bben ratified.by Congresg. Another answer to that observation is, that the supposed ratification by Con-

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

a Tuck. Black..part ist. Appen. D. p. 2M.

VOL. X.

15

1824.
GGibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
gress did not take place until 1796; and that many of those laws were in active operation several years before. For instance, as few out of many: New Hampshire passed her quarantine laws first,
February 3d, 1789,a and again on the 25th of September, 1792.1 Connecticutpassed hers in May, 1795.0 The laws of Maryland"show the temporary continuation of those laws in that State, from 1784 to 1785, from 1785 to 1792, from 1792 to 1799, and so down to 1810 ; and the 2d vol.' contains a law passed in November, 1793, giving to the Governor the strongest powers on the subject. The State of Virginiapassed, 26th of December, 17923- "an act reducing into one the several acts to oblige vessels coming from foreign parts, to perform quarantine ;" which act was amended on the 5th ofDecember, 179 3;T and further amended on the 19th of December, 1795.' Georgiapassed her quarantine law December 17th, 1793.' Undoubtedly those laws derive their efficacy from the sovereign authority of the States; and they expressly restrain,, and indeed prohibit, the entry of vessels into part of the waters and ports of the States. They are all so similar, that one or two

a Melchrs ed. p. 302. b F. 304. CP. 611. d 1 vol. p. 270.
e p. 200. f 1 vol. p. 244. gFp. 313. h p. 349.
i Marbury 4' Crawfdrd' Dig. p. s9s.

OF THE UNITED STATES

115

may suffice as examples. The quarantine law of Georgia, s.1. prohibits the landing of personis or goods coming in any vessel from an infected place, without permission from the proper authority; and enacts, that the said vessels or boats, and the persons and goods coming and imported in, or going on board during the time of quarantine; and all ships, tessels, boats, and persons, receiving any person or goods under quarantine, shall be subject to such orders, rules and directions, touching quarantine, as shall be made by the authority directing the same. The law of Delaware, passed the 24th of January, 1797," s.1. provides, that "no master of a ship bound to any part of that State, having onboard any greater number of passengers than forty, or any person with an infectious .disease, or coming from a sickly port, shall bring his ship, or suffer it to be brought, nearer than one mile to any port or place of landing; nor land such persons, or their goods, till he shall have obtained a permit." The law of Massachusetts, passed June 22d, 1797, s.6.b enacts, that "vessels passing the castle, in Boston harbour, may be questioned and detained ; s. 12. that vessels at any other port than Boston, may be prevented from coming up, and brought to anchor where the select men shalldirect; s.4. empowers the select men of any town, bordering on either of the neighbouring States, to appoint persons to attend at ferries and other proper places, by or over which passengers

1824.
GGiibbbbVo-%nit
V.
Ogden.

a 2 De. Laws, ed. 1797, cap. 134. p. 1354. 6 2 Mass. Laws, p. 788.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
G"ibbon's v.
Ogden.

may pass from such infected places, which persons have power to examine, stop and restrain such passengers from travelling, until licensed by a Justice of the peace, or the select men; and a fine of 100
pounds is enacted on 'the passenger presuming to travel onward ; s. 5. gives power to seize and detain suspected goods coming from any other State," &c! By an act of June 20th, 1799, s. IO.a "any master, &c. who shall enter the harbour of Boston after notice of a quarantine, for all vessels coming from the same place, &c., or who shall land, or suffer to be landed, any passenger or goods, without permission of the board of health, is subject to fine and imprisonment." These are all obviously direct regulations of trade, and so is the whole of every quarantinc system.
The regulation of pilots in sea ports, flows from
the power of regulating external commerce. This power, like that of making quarantine regulations, has hitherto been exclusively exercised by the several States; Congress having only made one law on the subject, and that seems explicitly to rbcognise the concurrent power of the States, and to place over it the true constitutional cbntrol. By the 4th sec. of the act ofAugust 7th, 1789, c.9.' it
is enacted, that "all pilots in the bays, inlets, rivers, harbours and ports of the United States, shall continue to be regulated in conformity with the existing laws of the States, respectively, wherein such pilots may be; or with such laws as the States

a p. 872. h 2 U S. L. p. 3,j

OF THE UNITED STATES.,

may respectively hereafter enact for the purpose, until further legislative provision shall be made by Congress." Now, it is 4 principle which cannot be too often brought into view or enforced, that Congress cannot delegate to State Legislatures, the exercise of powers which are- given to it exclusively; and the very act of referring to those laws, is a recognition that the power to. legislate on-the subject is copcurrent.
In like manner, the laws regulating.light houses, buoys, &c. are all exercises of the implied powers derived from that ofregulating commerce. They
have hitherto been generally left to Congress; but it does not follow from thence, that they are exclusive. Can it-be doubted, that any State has a right to establish a light house or buoys at its own expense, in .one of its harbours That a State has such a power cannot be questioned, if it be shown that inidividuals have. Sme time in 1798, a number of the inhabitants of New-Bedford, gassachusetts, raised a fund by subscription, for building and maintaining a. light house at Clbrk's Point, at the entrance of the harbour of New-Bedford. They maintained it, 'and kept it regularly lighted for about a year.; and the act of Congress admits their rightto do so. On the 29th-of April, 1800; Congress enacted, . that the light house lately erected at Clark's P nt, &c., shall and may be supported'at the expen of the United Statds,
&c. Provided,that the property and jurisdiction of the said light house, and sufficient territory for

1824.
V.
Ogden.

a 3 . &,Z.p. 3i6.c. 193. s.3S.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

the accommodation thereof, shall be fully ceded
and legally vested in the United States. The laws of Congress on this subject, recognise
the right of the States to maintain light houses, if
they please. The first act, passed August 7th, I 789,a directs, that their expenses, after the 15th of August, 1789, shall be defrayed out of the treasury of the United States: Provided,nevertheless, that none of the said expenses shall continue to be so defrayed by the United States, after the expirdtion of one year, unless such light houses shall, in the mean time, be ceded, &c. Few States did make the requisite cession ; and by the act of July, 1790, the time was extended to the 1st of July, 1791, and so, from. time to time, for five or six years, till all the State ; came in ; -during which the light houses in sever dI of the States were kept up by their authority, without the control of Con-
gress. The inspection laws are very important regula-
tions of trade. Tucker says, " there seems to be one class of lIws, which respects foreign commerce, over which the States still retain an absolute authority; those I mean which relate to the inspection of their own produce, for the execution of which, they may even lay an impost or duty, as far as may be absolutely necessary for that purpose. Of this necessity, it seems presumable, they are to be regarded as the sole judges." The extent

a 2 U..L.p. 54. b 2 U S. L. p. 121.

. OF THE UNITED STATES.
and importance of this system of regulations 1824. does.not strike the mind at the first view; nor do Gibbons the powerful inferences it affords, to show te con- v. current right in the States to regulate commerce. Ogden. Judge Tucker has very imperfectly stated their extent. They do, indeed, regulate, in almost every State, the foreign trade, so far as it is connected with our produce to be exported; but they do not confine themselves to produce to be exported) they relate to imports also. They act by restraining, and sometimes prohibiting, the exportation and importation of certain articles. Before examining those laws, it may be asked, from whence is the right of restrainingdqtived, but from the more, extended right of prohibiting? The difference between.regulationor restraining and interdiction,is only a difference of degree in the exercise of the same right, and not a difference of right.. The article in the constitution, art. 1. sec. 10. impliedly allows that right to be in the several States, and the right to enforce their laws by any other means than imposts and duties, end, therefore, by prohibitiogsof exports or imports. The right does not. depend on the idea, that the thing prohibited or restrained from being exported or imported, is dangerous or nwzious; even if that could, ex necessitate, create a right, and give it to the State, instead of the congressional jurisdiction.; on the contrary, the rules and enactmefits seem arbitfar, .a
a For instance, as to the number of hoops o, and size of barrelsor casks, (2 N.R.L. ofN.Y. p. 321.s.5. p. 325.a. 3.p.

1824:
Gibbons v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
As to trade with the Indian tribes, wiihout stopping to enter into details, it is sufficient to say, it must stand on the same footing as foreign con-

330. s. 3, 4. 1 Laws of Maryland, Maxey's ed. 218. 1 Vir. Laws, Pace 4 Pleasant'sed. p. 352. s. 3. p. 350. s. 3. Laws of Conn. Hudson 8 Goodwin's ed. p. 394. s. 1, 2. 5, 6. 8, 9.) as to quantity as well as quality ur kind, of their contents. What pieces of beef or pork, (2 N. R. L. of N. Y. p. 326. s. 4. p. 326. s. 5. 91 p. 327. s. 11.) or quantity and size of nails should be in one
cask, (Laws of N. H. Al.elcher's ed. S86. Laws of Conn. p. 394. s. 2. p. 256. s. 2.) or the length, breadth, and thickness of staves and heading, lumber, boards, shingles, &c. (2 N. R. L. of N. Y. p. 336. s. 1. 1 Laws of Vir. 237. Laws bf Conn. p. 397. s. 21.) These 'egulations have no object but to improve our foreign trade, and raise the character and reputation of the arti-
cles in a foreign market; and if the States-have no right to pass laws prohibiting exportation, what can preventa person having an inferior article, from exporting it, in its uninspected state, anti taking his chance for the price it might bring in a foreigtn market,?
These laws are much too numerous and complicated to be detailed; but a very slight examination of some of them will show the very extensive powers for regulating commerce, possessed by the Legislatures from which they emanate. Some operate by the .forfeitureof the uninspected article, as in the New-York act for inspecting pot and peail ashes. (2 N.R:L. p. 335. s. 8.) It gives the liberty of entering on bocrd of any ship, &c. to search for any pot or pearl ashes, shipped or shipping for exportation; and, if any nbranded lediscovered, it is forfeited,and the captain subject to a pecuniary fine. A similarforfeitureis given in the samie State, (p. 33D. s. 8.) and a penalty &athe mrnster. (p. 339, 340. s. 10.) In Kentucky, a similarforfeiture is yiven, for attempting to export unbranded flour. (Ky. Laws, Toulman's ed. 440.) In New-Hampshire, a like forfeiture is giveq of unpacked beef or pork shipped for exportatiou. (Laws of N. H. p. 387,388.) And in Connecticut, a forfeiture is given of unbranded nails. (Laws
of Conn. p. 527. s. 5.) Virginia has enacted a forfeiture of unbranded fish, and a penalty on the master. (1 Laws of Va. p. 353. s. 6.) She has not only done the same in respect to lumber, but

OF THE UNITED STATES.

merce and that among the States, as they are all given in the same sentence. If the power of regulating the two latter be exclusive, so nust it be

1824.
GGiibbbbonos
OgdVen..

she has gone much farther, and actedon tie collector andofficer*

of the customs. (1 Laws of Va. p. 238. . 4.) The collector, or

other proper officer of the customs, is thereby chargedand di-

rected not to suffer any vessel'to clear from his office, unless the

master, &c. shall produce inspection notes or* certificates, &c.

and make oath that he has no lumber on board, but what is en-

tered on his manifest. To this exercise of power, equal to that

of Congress itself, I probably shall be told, that Congress has, in

the collection laws, directed the collectors to Ray regard-to the.

inspection laws of the respective States. That is at least-an ad-

missipn that they are rightfully made; but the answer is en, ely

insufficient; for the first act of the United States, directing thig;

was passed the 2d of March, 1799, and the act of Viruinia, that

I have last referredto, was passed the 26th of December, 1792.

In like manner, the laws of-the same State give a forfeitureof

uninspected tobacco, about to be exported, and similar duties are

imposed on the master and collector. (1 Laws of Va. p. 263.

s. 27. p. 269. s. 45. p. 271. s. 49.) This law was also passed in

November, 1792. Connecticut, too, gives a forfeiture of unsur.,

veyed tobacco; (1 Laws of Conn. p. 395. s. 13.) and, as to pro-

visions, it also enacts a penalty against the master, and imposes a

duty on the collector. (p. 397. s. 20. p. 303.s. l. p. 407. s. S.)

Several of those inspection acts regulate as to the importation

of articles, equally with their exportation. The New-York act, relative to the inspection of sole leather, expressly says, " W he-

ther such leather be manufactured within the same, or imported

or brought into it from any place whatsoever." (2 N. R. L. p.

340. s. 2.) In Maryland, the act for the inspection of salted provi.

sions, exported and imported from and to Baltimore4j relates to

beef, pork and fish," imported into the said town, from any part

of this State, or any one of the United States, or from any fo-

reignportwhatever." (2 Laws of Afaryland,p. 3. s. 5.) Sie. 6

relates to'the size, quality, and make of all imported beef and

pork barrels. This act, it is true, was passed in 1786, before

ihe adoption of the constitution. If the power of Cdagress, how-

VOL. IX.

A

CASES IN 'HE SUPREME COURT

1824. with the former. And yet every State, whose

GGi-tolboous . situation places it in communication or contiguity

V.
Ogden.

with -Indian tribes, has thought fit, and, indeed,

ever, was exclusive, it should then have ceased to operate. But the akgument does not stop there. In 1796i it was extendea to Havrede Grace, (p. 335. s. 9.) and in 1797 to Chester. (p. 369. s. 9.) The act of the, same State, for the gauge of barrels for pork, beef,pitch, taf and turpentine, and tae of barrels for flour and bread, continued.by several statutes dowh to 1810, and probably to the present'time, prohibits the importation, by land or water, of those articles, except in barrels of certain dimensions and contents. In Vitginia, the act for the inspection of fish, passed in December, 179, .sec. 6. provideg for the inspection of imported fish, as welf as of baht p^ked for exportation; and it also enacts a fofeiturc of the articre, and a penalty on the master. (1 Laws of Va.
p.352, s.3.) In Penunylwm&rhqIhe act providing for the inspectfon of gunp6wder, relates to the inspection 6f importedas well as maiifactured; and gives a forfeiture of the article for selling insported gunpowdeir Without inspection. (3 Lawe ofPenn. p.240.) And an antecedent lah of March, 1787, directs the captain of evteryvessel, importinggunpowder into the port of Philadelphia, under a penalty
.and forfeiture of the article, if it be-his own propeity, to deliver it .at a magazine, and directs the he.1lth officer to give strangers notice of the act, and also enjoins the custom-house and naval oficers,and theirdeputies,to do the same?.' (2 Laws of Penn. p. 40 2 . s. 3.) In New-Hampshire, (Laws of N. H. ed. of 1815. p. 460Y.) by the act relating to gunpowder, sec. 2. it iq enacted, that every, master of any.merchant vessel bringing gunpowder into Portsmouth, shall, within.forty-eight hours, deposit it in a magazine, afid, on neglect, shall pay a fine of 30 pounds to the poor of Portsmouth. See. 13. directs a keeper of the magazine to be chosen, viho shall be entitled to a fee on all he shall receive -and, deliver out; another instance of what thq appellaunt's c9unsel has declared to be unconstitutional, tho raising'of revenue by a State law from foreign commerce. In dassachusetts, (2 Mass. Laws, p. 37.) the act of June 19, 1801, sec. 1. directs imported gunpowder,'landed, at
the port of Boston, to be deposited in a magazine. And by see. 3. 1o Canpowder shall -be kept on board- any,ship or other vesse),

OF THE UNITED STATES.

123

found it necessary, by acts of their own Legislatures, to regulate their trade with the In.dians, the laws of Congress not only not exhausting, but not even adequately reaching the subject.
It now seems incontrovertibly established, that the States have a concurrent right to legislate on matters of foreign trade, or of that between the States; and a concurrent right to prohibitthe exportation or importation of articles of merchandise. If they can do that, even as to the articles themselves, to which the power of Cbngress expressly relates, and if the right to regulate shipping be only impliedly given to Congress, by the general power to regulate commerce, and only so far- as they are instruments of that commerce, why cannot a State, that has a concurrent right, within its own sphere, (and that not by implication, but directly, and as -the result of its sovereign power, unabridged and unaltered by the onstitution,) over all ships or vessels within, or coming within, its jurisdiction, prohibit the entry of any particular kind of vessels within its waterssubject

1824.
Giblintu
v.
Ogden.

lying to or grounded at any wharf in Boston, under pin of co fiscation and pecuniary penalty.
More extensive examinations would produce a much greater variety of regulations of foreign commerce, and that between th,. States, made by State Legislatures; but only one more instance need be added, not indeed coming under any of the preceding heads. In Virginia, the act laying taxes for the supportof government, passed, in January; 1799, prohibits -unlicensedmercliant from selling, by wholesale or retaij, goods of foreign growth or manufacture, on land, or on boardof any vessel. (1 Laws of Va. p. 386. s. 2.) The same law has been renewed, from time to time; and it probably exists at.this da.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
d ibbbons
v. Ogden.

always to be controlled by the contradictory and paramount regulations of Congress, made within the sphere of its powers.
This leads tothe consideration of anargument
that has been frequently urged on this subject. It is said, that if a State has a right to prohibit the navigation of its waters to steam boats, it has an equal right to prohibit the same navigation to row boats or sailing vessels; and the extravagance of this position, it is supposed, sufficiently refutesthe assertion of a more limited right. First, there is an error in.the statement of our claim, We do not prohibit the navigation of our waters to steam boats; we only prohibit them, while in our wdters, from using steam as the means of their propulsion. Every steam boat which ventures on the ocean, carries and uses sails; and they can, without difficulty, be adapted to every steam boat. Such a vessel, therefore, may, without objection, load in a different State, or foreign port, and come, by means of steam, to the verge of our waters; there is no difficulty, opposed to its coming up, with its full cargo, to our custom house, entering, discharging, reloading, and departing, provided that, for the short space of time while it may be in our waters, it employs the only things thaf any other vessel can employ for entering and departing, and
fith which t is or may be amply provided-sails
and oars. That is the extent of what is very inconsiderately called our extravagant claim. Let us now examine the argument itself, and to test its soundness, let us apply it to other cas6s. A State has no right to prohibit the use of narrow wheeled

OF THE UNITED STATES.

wagons for the transportation ,of merchandise on any of its roads: for if it can do that, it can prohibit the use of any kind of wagons, and, indeed, all transportation of merchandise on. any of its roads, and thus affect the commerce between different States. A State has no right to regulate the assize of bread; for if it can do that, it can prohibit all baking of bread, and thus starve the community. Is there any one act of legislation against which the same reasoning, drawn from anexcessive and tyrannical exercise "of legislative authority, may not be urged? And if the argument be unsound, when applied to all those instances, what makes it "sound in its application to the present question? The answer to it is found in the rights of a free people, which make every act of tyranny void. But, either the right entirely to prohibit the use of row boats,. sailing vessels, and steam boats, belongsto some of the constituted
authorities that govern those States, or it does not. If it does not belong to any of them, then, clearly, this boasted argument falls to the ground. If it does belong to some of them, to whom does it belong? Has Congress the power to make such a prohibition of all modes of cQmmercial intercourse, by virtue of its limited authority to regulate commerce with foreign powers, and between the different States? In answering "no, the embargo laws are fully remembered, and their constitutionality admitted; but it is not derived from the power to regulate commerce. The embargo was a measure of State policy, nearly approaching to war: it may sometimes be of such a character as

1824..
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

12,6
1824.
'poGweibr;bons v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
to derive a legitimate origin from the war making but the embargo of 1807 rests for its con-
stitutionality on the -power in Congress of providing for the common defence and general wel-
fare of the United States. If, then, the power of entirely prohibiting trade, as a commercial measure, exists in some of the governing powers of those States, qnd does not exist in Congress, where does it exist? Assuredly in the State Legislatures. If its exerbise should ever become void, it Will not be because it is contrary to the constitution of the United States, but because il, is oppressive to the people it affects to bind; not because it is unconstitutional, but because it is tyrannical.
Congress itself seems to acknowledge that the' constitution does not deprive the States of this prohibitory power; for, if it did, as it binds all the citizens of the United States, it would necessarily bind the territorial governments, and all
States admitted into the Union subsequent to its adoption. Yet, in the ordinance of the 13th of July, 1787, for the government of the territory of the United States north west of the river Ohio,' by ait. 4th, for the government of the said territory, and the States which ma be formed therein, it is provided, among other matters, that "the navigable waters leading into the Mississippi and St. Lawrence, and the carrying .places between the same, shall be common highways, and for ever free, as well to the inhabitants of the, said terri-

a I L. U.S. p. 47. ed. 1815.

OF THE UITED STATES.
tory, as to.thb citizens of the United States, and 1824. those of any other States that may be admitted into -G-ibbo" the Confederacy, without any tax, impost, or duty- v. thereon" It. is made a'fundamental provision OgdEm
of the different acts erecting portions of this territory into States, that their constitutions shall not be repugnant to this ordinance. In the act also for erecting the State o[ Louisiana, see. 3. it is enacted, that the convention for maling the cons titution,-shall provide by an ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the United States, among other things, "that the river Mississippi, and the navigable waters leading into the saine, or into the gulf of Mexico, shall be common highways, and for ever free' as well 'o the inhabitants of the said State, as to the other citizens of -the United States, without any tax, duty, impost. or toll therefoi, imposed by the said State." The same was also done with- regard to the "States of Mississippi and Missouri. Now,
this provision, so studiously introduced into all those *new compacts, which Congress had: a right to make with new States.,.as'the condition of their adimittance into -the Union, would be very singular, and very useless, if,-by-an effect gf.the Union itself, all, navigable wateri belonged exclusively to the general government; or if the federal constitution, wl~ich each State adopted, contained -in itself an equiyalent restraint on the States. The appellant's. coqnsel has alluded to-and denhied-a position, stated to have been used by counsel in -arguing the case of Livingston v. Van 12gez, before the' Court'of Errors,. that the Legislature might, if it thought fit, stop -up th mouth of the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. Gibb us
V.
Ogdm

Tludson. It is of very little importance to defend
what fell, on that occasion. from counsel,. and has not been adopted by the Court; still, the learned counsel may be asked, by whit authority the State
of Rhode Island has erected a bridge over the Seakonnet branch of Taunton river, essentially impairing, if not :destroying, its navigation from the sea, and far 1 elow whare the tide ebbs and flows? By what authority his native, State of New-Hampshire has erected a bridge foin Portsmouth over the Piscataqua river? By what authority his adopted State of Massachu*setts has built two bridges over Charles river, on its tide waters, one near Boston, and the other higher up? and, by what authority the State of Pennsylvania has built a dam over the Schuylkill, near Philadelphia, and three miles below where tile tide used previou ly to ebb and flow?
There, however, is, in faet, no regulation of commerce, made by Congress, with which this exclusive right does or can interfere. What is that degree or kind of interference, which is sufficient to invalidate a State law?
The Federalist,"discussing the cases where powers are exclusively delegated to the United States, makes one of the classes, (and, perhaps, un necessarily, if not incorrectly,) where the consitution granted an authority to the Union, to which a similar authority in the States, would be, absolutely and totally, contradictoryand repugnant ; and then goes on: "I use these terms to distin. guish this last case from inother, which.might ap-

a TDe eeraliat, No. 32.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

14

pear to resemble it; but which would, in fact, be essentially.different: I mean, where the exercise of a concurrent jurisdiction might be productive of occasional interferences in the policy of any branch of administration, but would not imply any direct contradiction or repugnancy, in"point of constitutional authority." And again: "IL is not, however, a mere possibility of inconvenience in the exercise ofpowers, but animmediate constitutional repugnancy, that can, by implication, alienate and extinguish a pre-existing right of sovereignty."
That the third class of cases,'as arranged by the Federalist,is unnecessary in its application to any of the powers, and that it is derived from an erroneous -aotion, as to the possibility of repugnancy and its consequences, seems to follow, from the principles laid down by Thompson, J~in Livingston v. Pan Ingen.a "There are subjects upon which the United States and the individual States must, of necessity, have concurrent jurisdiction; and all fears and apprehensions of collision in the exercise of these powers, which have been urgedin argument, are u. 5unded. The constitutionhas guardedagainstsuch anevent, byprovidingthat the laws of the United States shall be the supreme law of theland,anythingin the constitutionofany State to the contrary notwithstanding. In case of collision, therefore, the State laws inust yield to the superior authorityof the United States." The same doctrine is very ably maintained by Kent, Ch. J. who gives, as a safe rule ofconstruc-

a 9 Johns. Rep. p. 568.

b 9 Johns. Rip. p. 575, 576.

VOL. IX.

IT

1824. V.
Ogden.

130

CASES "I THE sUPRE:MXE COURT

1824.
'orGigiinbabllyons-
v. Ogden.

tion and of action, "that'if eny given power was vested in this Sta·te, if it lus not been
exclusively ceded to Congres, or ifthe exercise of i it has not been, prohibited to.the States. we may then go on in the exercise of the power, until it comes practically in collision with the actual exercise of some congressional power." When that happens to be -the case. the State authority will
so far be controlled; but it.will still be good in all those respects, in which it does not absolutely contravene the provision 6f the paramount law."
The same doctrine is very briefly, -but'veryclearly laid down, by Mr. Ch. J. Marshall, in the case of Sturges v. Crowninshield : "It is not the mere existence of the power, but its exercise, which is incompatible with the exercise of the same power by the States." In Houston v. Moore,' Mr. J. Story, however, adopts the arrangement of the Federalist,and goes en: "In all other cases, not falling within the classes already mentioned, it seems unquestionable, that the States retain concurrent authority with Congress, not only upon the letter and. spirit of the 11th amendment of the constitution, but upon the soundest principles o general reasoning. There is this reserve, however, that in cases of concurrent authority, whore the laws of the States and of the Union are in direct and manifest collision on the same subject, those of the Union, being the supreme law of the land, are of paramoint authority; and the State

a 4 Wheat. Rcp. W6. b 5 "heaf.Rep. 49.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

laws, so far, and so far only as such incompatibility exists, must necessarily yield.".
Although those authorities show, that nothing but a direct and absolute collision can produce
such an interference as will render the State grants invalid, yet alicense is relied on by our adversaries, as creating this interference. There is a leading and fundamental error growing out of the nature and form of that instrument, and one which has induced the supposition, that a license gives a right to trade, or a right to enter, or a right to navigate the waters of the United States, to any vessel possessing it. It, indeed, uses the words, "license is hereby granted for the said vessel to be
employed in carrying on the coasting trade for one year, from the date hereof, and no longer;" but those words must necessarily be understood in reference to the extent of the authority granting the permission. Equivalent words are to be found in every license to distil or to sell, or to do any
act, the right to do which existed prior to and independent of the authority by which it may be regulated; and they only mean, license is granted to do the act, notwithstanding the regulations made on that subject by the licensing authority, and which, without this instrument, would restrain the act. So far as those rights to trade, to enter, or to navigate, exist unmodified, they rest on the common law, independent of any gift from or right conferredby Congress; which, in truth, has no power whereby it might be enabled to make
such gift, its authority being only to regulatecommerce. These rights are, all three, portions of the

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogden.

jus commune, and so far as the competent Legislatures have thought fit to let them remain; the right to them, and their efficacy, depend on that jus commune and the common law. The right to
tradeis regulated by the State Legislatures and laws of Congress; the right to enter is modified principally by thelaws of Congress; and tle right to navigatethe waters,almost exclusively by the State Legislatures. The license has nothing to do with any of thoserights;it onlygives some privilegbs as to payment of tonnage duties, and less frequent entries at the custom houses ; and it exempts the licensed vessel from being included within a restriction of the jus commune as to trading, by which Congress prohibits certain vessels from carrying foreign articles and distilled spirits from State to State: even there, not giving to the licensed vessel the right of doing so, but only exempting them from the prohibition. A review of the acts of Congress on the subject, will show the truth of these positions.
By the now repealed act of July 20th, 1789,a imposing duties on tonnage, different rates were fixed: 1st. six cents per ton on vessels built in the United States, .&c., and' belonging 'to a citizen or citizens of th& .UnitedStates; 2d. thirty cents on vessels built in the United States, and belonging to foreigners; 3d. forty cents on all othet ships and , vessels. But it was provided, thal no United, States built vessel, owned by a citi. zen, or citizens, while employed in the coast. ing trade, or on the fisheries, should pay ton. nage more than once a year; and that every

a 2 U.S. L. p. G.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ship employed in transporing the produce and manufactures of the United States, unless United States built, and owned by a citizen or citizens, should, on every entry, pay 50 cents per ton. The only advantages, then, to American built and owned ships, were, a less tonnage duty; and, if on the
coasting trade, paying it only once a year; but let it be well remembered, that they had no exclusive orpeculiar right to trade any where. By the collection law of July 31, 1789,a which establish-
ed ports of entry and delivery, it was enacted, that no ship or vessel from a foreign port, not wholly belonging to a citizen or citizens, should be permitted to unload at. any port or place, except those there specified.
Neither this, nor any other act, GIVES the r-ight of enteringinto the designated ports. It proceeds on the supposition and the truth, that by some other code, distinct from the laws of Congress, the entry into all places had been antecedently lawful, and then restrains it as to all other places but those named.
The registering, recording, and enrolling of vessels, were enacted by the act on that subject, passed September 1st, 1789.' They were fcr the purpose of describing the vessel, her built, tonnage, and ownership ; and neither they, nor their certificates, give, nor purport to give, any right to trade. The enrolment, and certificate of enroh ment, is to entitle unregistered vessels of twenty

1824.
(Gibbow
v.
Ogdem

a 2 U. S. L. p. 7. b Ib. p. 35.42.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
G ibbons
V. Ogden.

tons and upwards, American built and property, and destined from district to district, or to the fisheries, to the privileges of a ship belonging to the United States, employed in the coasting trade
or fisheries. These I have already mentioned, to be a less. tonnage duty, and paying it only once a year; but no exclusive or peculiar right to trade any where.a Registered or enrolled vessels, on application to the collector where they belonged, were entitled to receive a license to trade between the different districtsin the UnitedStates, or carry on the bank or whale fishery for 'one year.' The meaning, of that license, notwithstanding the generality of its language, was only to certify that the proper tonnage duty for that year had been paid; and that the vessel was licensed, for that year, to trade without paying any tonnage duty. That such is its object, appears from the 22d see.0 enacting, that the master, &c. "shall annually pro-
cure a license from the collector of the district to which such vessel belongs, .who is hereby authorized to give the same, pumporting that such vessel is exempt from clearing and enteringfor the
term of one yearfrom the date thereof." Every
vessel had a right to carry on the trade (between
district and district) without a license, on paying the prescribed tonnage duties, suited to the case. That further appears, by a provision in the same section, (s. 23.) that if any vessel of twenty tons or

a 2 U. S. L. p. 6 b 1b. p. 43. s. 23. c /b. p. 42, 43.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

13

upwards, not having certificate of registry, or en- 1824. rolment, and a license, should be found trading. SGibbons between different districts, or be emplbyed in the v. bank or whale fisheries, it shuld be wject to the Ogden. same tonnage andfees asforeign shipsorvessels.
The act, already cited, for tonnage and duties, was repealed by the act of July 20th;. 1790;a but the substituted clauses do not affect this argument. A ship having a license, to trade between differ-ent districts; or to carry on the fisheries, while employed thereii, is only- to pay the six cents per ton once a year, (i. e. on.getting the license,) and "upon every ship, &c. not of the United State, which shall be entered in one district from "nother, having on board goods, &c. taken in one distfict, to be delivered in another, there shall be.
daid at the rate of fifty cents per to:"' a duty. which clearly recognises. their right to carry on that trade on those terms.
The former act for registering and clearingves.sels, was repealed by that passed the 18th of Februg'y, 1793. This enacted, that none but enrolled and licensed ships, '&c. (or, if under twenty tons,
simply licensed,) *should be deemed ships or vessels of the United States, entitled to the privileges of ships or vessels employed in the coasting trade or fisheries. These privileges, it will be again remembered, are only the paying of a less -tonnage duty, and paying it but once a year; and they do not comprehend any exclusive or peculiar

a 2 U. S. L. P. 119, 120. b lb. p. 332.

1824.
G ibbons
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
right to trade. any where. It enacts, that before
getting the license, the tonnage for the year must be paid; and the effect and object.of the license was to certify that the proper tonnage duty for
that year had been paid, and that the vessel was, therefore, licensed for that year to trade without paying tonnage. But every, other vessd had still a right to trade. By see. 6." vessels of twenty tons and upwards, except registered,found trading between district and district, br different places in the same district or fishery, not enrolled 'and licensed, j&c. if laden with domestic produce or manufacture, shallpay the same duties asforeign shilps; or, if laden with foreign produce or manufacture, or distilled spirits, shall be forfeited. This shows that foreign ships had a right to carry on the coasting trade without a license, (a thing which they could not possibly obtain,) on paying the extra tonnage duties, and making entry at every port. This further and most fully appears by the 24th section of the same act,b prescribing the duties of masters of foreign ships, bound from one district to another, whether with a cargo or in ballast; and by see. 34.0 establishing the rates of fees under that act, in which are -found, "For granting a permit for a vessel not belonging to a citizen or citizens of the United States, to proceed from district to district, and receiving the manifest, 200 cents. For receiving a manifest, and

a 2 U. S.L. p. 335.
b Id. p. 343.
c Id. p. 346.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

granting a permit to unload, for such last mentioned-vessel, on her arriving in one district from

another district, 200 cents." Indeed, until the

year 1817, there was no kind of prohibition on

foreign vessels carrying on the coasting trade. On

-the 1st of March, 1817) "an act concerning the

navigation of the United States" was passed; and

by sec. 4. it was enacted, "that no goods, wares,

or merchandise, 9hall be imported, under penalty

of forfeiture thereof, from one port of the United

States to another port of the United States, in a

vessel belonging, wholly or in part, to a subject

of any foreign power." This, however, does not

affect American ships not having a license, and

they have still a right to trade coastwise, subject

only to the increased tonnage duty, and the neces-

sity of making entry at every port. How, then,

can it be said, that the license gives the right to

carry on the coasting trade, which exists as part

of the jus commune, and existed, and was exer-

cised, before the constitution, or any law on the

subject, was formed; and when, until March,

1817, every foreign vessel had a right to carry it,

on; and when, to this hour, every American vessel

has a right to carry it on, without a license or re-

gister, and only becomes subject to an increase

of tonnage duty, and the necessity of making

entry at the custom-house on every voyage? It

is only a license to carry on the coasting trade,

without making entry or paying tonnage duties,

conformably to. the laws of Congress in other

cases. It gives no right to enter, nor to trade,

nor to navigate the waters of. the United States:

VeOL. IX.

i8

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogdw.

1824.
b
v. ogden,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
it only enables the licensed vessel to do those things, in certain cases, on cheaper and easier terms than other vessels could, who, nevertheless, had equal rights to carry on the same trade, though
With less advantages; and now, in the event of having foreign produce or manufacture, or distilled spirits, on board, a license protects from a forfeiture, which was not enacted for some 'years after licenses were devised and used in their present shape. It is not, then, a license to trade, to enter, or. to navigate, but to be exempt from payn g tonnage duty for a year. If, then, the position is correct, (and it undoubtedly is,) that a license gives no right to trade, to enter a port, or to navigate its waters, n6 argument can be drawn from the act of March 12, 1812, "respecting the enrolling and licensing of steam boats."" The only object of that law.is, to enable aliens to be part owners of such vessels,- and to modify, as to them, the*oith that the boat belongs to a citizen or citizens of the United Statdi.
But, even if. the rigkt of entry, or to trade or navigate, were given by the acts of Congress, and not by the common law, as originally existing or subsequently modified, this exclusive righf does not prevent the entry of any vessels into our waters, nor their navigating or trading. there; nor does it materially impeae them. The on!y part of this extlusive grant that.can come under the cognizance of this Court, in this case, is that on which the injunction is grounded. That, and the

a 4 U. S. L7p. 393.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

prohibition of the injunction, can only be fairly considered as extending to prevent the navigation of the waters by the force or agency of steam or fire; not to prevent vessels from navigating those waters, because they have a steam engine on board, and wheels at the side, if the engine and the wheels be not used on our waters for propelling the vessel, contrary to our State'laws. Before the vessel comes into those waters, and after it leaves them, it is out of the State jurisdictionand iot liable to any State penalty for using the agency of steam. What, then, is the amount of the prohibition of entry? That the same vessel, with the same cargo and crew, may come up -and pass through our waters, if, while in our waters, she will come up and navigate under sail, as all commercial vessels have hitherto done. In the argument of this case before the Court of Errorsa one of the appellant's counsel couched his reasoning in the form of a remonstrance by- an English ship master against* those State laws. The reply can, perhaps, be best given by tirning the discussion into a dialogue. An English steam vessel is boarded by a. pilot, outside of SandyHook. - Captain," says the pilot, "you will haige to stop those wheels at your sides, when you get within our waters." "Why so?" asks the captain. ,Because the.:State of New-York have granted to Livingston and -Fulton an exclusive right, of navigating in its waters bY steam." " Sir," resumes the captain, "I care nothing for the laws

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden..

a 17 Josn. Rep. p. 488.

140
1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
of New-York. I know of no laws or regulations of a particular State, in regard to trade and commerce. I claim the ,privilege of entering the harbour of New-York, under the laws
of the United States, and the treaty of amity and commerce subsisting between them and my sovereign. I insist upon my right of-entering your waters as I please; and if your State authorities, or any one acting under them, should prevent me, the King, my master, will know how to enforce-the rights of. his subjects." " Patience, good captaih, patience,!' replies the pilot; " let your head and your boiler co6l; do one means to prevent your entering into our waters. Only stop your machinery, and hoist those sails you have carried twenty times between this and Liverpool, and, I'll answer for it, we shall be alongside the wharf ag soon as yon vessel, that you see bound inwards, with all her canvass spread." This is the extent of the prohigition-the Deo dignuts vindice nodus! Whbi the case occurs of a vessel navigating across the Atlantic, without sails, the question may be discussed, whether it be a violalion of the laws of Congress, that she should be reqiirpd to fit herself to the harbour, by providing herself with a sail. The same may be said as to coasting vessels from more distant States. As to thbse from contiguous States, and whose trade can just as well be carried on'by sails as by steam engines, it is ridiculous to say, that such a regulation prohibits or interferes with their commerce. IS it any part of the power intended to be delegated to Congress, to regulate as to those matters?

OF THE UNITEDSTATES.

The utmost that can be said is, that the passage may be a little longer, and may be somewhat retarded,. The doctrine of the Federaliseapplies here, that it is not a mere possibility of inconvenience in the exercise of powers, but an immediate constitutional repugnancy, that can, by implication, alienate and extinguish a pre-existing right of sovereignty. Regulations for a toll-bridge may delay the mail carrier, and so far interfere with the execution of the power delegated to Congress, of regulating the post office and post roads; but, could he gallop over a bridge, that a State law directed should always be crossed on a walk?
But the clause in the constitution, authorizing Congress to make laws respecting patents, is supposed to present another argument against the constitutionality of those State laws. This point, having been but very slightly mentioned, and in some measure abandoned, by the appellant's opening counsel, would not be dwelt on now, if the Attorney General had not intimated an intention of insisting and relying on it. If the appellant had a patent of any kind, on which he could rest, it might fairly be urged by us that a patent cannot give to ar unpatented thing, even though connected with one that is patented, the right to violate the State law. But how does or can that question come up in this case? There is here no allegation of a patent, nor a claim of any thing entitled to be protected by the patent law, and the use or enjoyment of which has been interfered

1824.
Gibb=n
v.
Ogden.

a The Federlit,1No. 32.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

124.
Gibbbons.
V.
Ogden.

.with by the exclusive grant. As the appellant claims no patent, if this power in Congress can furnish to him any objection against the State laws, it must be on the ground, that inasmuch as
Congress is authorized to promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing, for limited times, to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries, every State law, calculated or purporting to promote the progress of science and useful arts, -is utterly void, merely because that is its purport and object, even though it should not relate to any invention or discovery; though the privileges it may confer should not be given on the score of invention or discovery, but of public policy and convenience; and further, although there is no discovery or invention of any other person in existence, the right to which Congress could secure, and which has any relation to the State grant. That, in short, the appellant, or any other person, has a right to treat the State law as a nullity, and, in violation of it, to use unpatented articles, and incapable of being the subject of a patent or protection; and, that no Court or process of law has authority to restrain him from the use of what never can come within the power of Congress; because, peradventure, something may hereafter be discovered, having some relation to the subject of the State grant, and some person may, hereafter, be entitled to claim the benefit of the constitutional protection, as an inventor. The extraordinary boldness of this position must surprise and astonish. If the passing of the patent law is per 'se compe-

OF THE UNITED- STATES.

143

tent-'to prevent a State granting this exclusive right, for a thing (so far as the pleadings. show) not the subject of a patent, it is equally so to prevent a State granting. every other exclusive right, and particularly if connected with science and the useful arts. If the law alone will not produc? that effect, until a patent is granted, at vari.ance with the exclusive right, the. patent should appear, to let us see if it be really at variance, and have that effect.
If the last steam boat laws, enacted since the North River boats were in operation, had, instead of using a general phraseology, forbid any person to use, on the waters of the State, steam boats constructed or made in the same manner as those then used by Livingston and Fulton, or in any manner before known or used, or in any mannw" invveted'by a non-resident alien, would there be any thing for the patent lawb or power of Congress to operate on in collibion.thereto? If not, then those State laws are so far good; and any one, to- impeach their operation, must claim and show that he has a boat constructed in a different mann.er,- and which is patented, as an!invention, or, at least, is a subject for the laws of Congress to operate upon, and which he is restrained from using.
Has it ever been disputed that , h State has a fight to grant exclusive privileges, ,here not forbidden to the' Legislature by- its. constitution? The wisdom and the motives of the grait, are points for which it is responsible to the people of the State only; they can never be drawn into

184.
Gibbona
v.
Ogden

1824.
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
discussion in this Court, nor come under the control of Congress. It is a right inherent in the sovereignty of every country, not delegated to Congress, but allowed to, and constantly exer-
cised by, the State governments. It is a legislative instrument of great power, and may, therefore, be used to evil purposes; but it may be, and often has been, as in the present instance, productive of splendid benefits. It must reside somewhere; it does not reside in Congress; where, then, does it reside?
Whether the power delegated to Congress be exclusive or concurrent, the power of promoting science and useful arts, by the introduction of imported improvements, and encouraging the employment of things not susceptible of being patented, is exclusively in the State Legislatures. It is of great importance, and exercised by every wise government; by England, France, &c. It domesticates the sciences and useful arts, the talents and genius of the civilized world. The States, in the exercise of this their exclusivepower, which has been employed. in making those laws, are not to be interfered with from any apprehension of collision in the exercise of a concurrent power, only relating to another branch of the same subject, which the State has not used, and which Congress may never have an opportunity of using.
I say, a concurrent power; for such is that delegated to Congress. One of the counsel now opposed to us, in, his argument in the case of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Sturges v. Crowninshield,*places in his third 1824.

class, that is, among the concurrent powers, that '-'

,

Gibbons

to promote the progress of science and usefil arts; V.

and says, very truly, "from the exercise of any of Ogde .

these powers, the States are neither expressly,

nor by any fair rule of construction, excluded."

Judge Tucker, in his Appendix D. p. 182. 265.

among the cases in which the States have unqes-

tionablyconcurrent, though, perhaps, subordinate

powers, with the federal.government, ranks the

power to promote the progress of science and

the useful arts, by securing to the authors and

inventors the exclusive right, within the State,

to their respective writings and discoveries. In

the case of Livingston v. Van Ingenb Thomp-

son, J. takes for granted, that it is so, and it is

expressly asserted by Kent, C. J.; and in the same

case, an instance is given of its exercise, by an

act of the Legislature of New-York, in favour of

Mr. Rumsey, passed on the 23d of February, 1789,

after the adoption of the federal constitution, and

shortly before the first meeting of Congress. It

was entitled, "for securing to James Rumsey the

sole right and advantage of making and employing,

for a limited time, the several meclianical im-

provements by him lately invented."O I do not

speak from research, but I understand that he

obtained a similar patent from several other States.

This law is a cotemporaneous exposition of the

a 4 Wheat. Rep. 168.
bi 9JAhs. Rep. 56-[,5 68. c 2 Greenleafs ed. of the Laws, p. -71.

VOL. IX.

i9

1824.
.Gibbbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
constitution, and shows that the State considered
itself as still retaining a concurrent right of logislation on the subject of inventions in science and the useful arts, notwithstanding the new consti-
tution, and the recent transfer of similar powers to Congress.
What is the power delegated to Congress, and on what principle is it founded? A confined and partial mode of promoting the progress of science and useful arts, viz. by securing, for a limited time, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. The Federalist, No. 43," says, " the utility of this power will scarcely be questioned. The copyright of authors has been solemnly adjudged in Great Britain to be a right at common law. The right to useful inventions seems, with equal reason, to belong to the inventors." This commentary, and the words of the constiiution, show that the power is only founded on the principle of literary property extended to inventions. It proceeds upon assuming a pre-existent common law right, which, however, requires to be properly secured by adequate remedies. Its principle is entirely different from that on which patents rest in England. They are exclusive rights, not merely secured, but created and granted; they are monopolies for things invented or imported, and do not suppose or act on any pre-mxistent right; but grant a right, the origin and efficacy of which is derived from its being a gift from the

a p. 269.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

crown, permitted and legalized by act of Parliament. It is contended, because the English
0 Judges have construed their statute of monopolies so as to include imported improvements, under the term inventions, that our constitution should receive the same construction; but there is no foundation for the position. The English Judges strained the words of their statute, contrary to all fair construction, because they felt the importance of a power to encourage imported improvements, and saw no other way by which it could be done; and, besides, their interpretation went to strengthen and increase the royal prerogative. But, .withus, imported improvements can be perfectly encouraged by the States; and the power delegated. to Congress, is founded on the common law pre-existent right of inventors to their own discoveries, whicb can have no application to the mere-possessors of imported improvements. The constitution itself does not use the word patent, and it is to be regretted that the act of Congress does; for, tbe, use of the word implying a resemblance to the English patent, has led to a false view of the powers of Congress.
But, in truth, according to the English acceptation of the term, Congress has no power to grant them. It has no authority to make exclusive grants of any kind; that power remains solely in the States, as a part of their original sovereignty, which has never come within the purview of the federal constitution. A patent, in England, and every country but this, implies, the' creation and gift of a right, by force of the sovereign power,

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. %Gwlibhbiocnhs0
V.
Ogden.

conferring upon an individual a monopoly, in he had no pre-existent right. This can be
done by the States, and only by the States. The power delegated to Congress, does not authorize
it to createany r'ight, or to give any right;it only enables that body to secure a pre-existent common law right, and for that purpose it may create and give a remedy. Where there is no pre-existent right to be secured, the power of Congress cannot operate. To these positions, the attention of the Court is directed, as they may be found important in the sequel.
Although the article in the constitution is expressed with accuracy, yet it also has employed a word, sometimes taken in different senses, and which has likewise contributed to a false view of the power of Congress: the expression is, " an exclusive right." The word "exclusive" may well mean, as it does here, individual, sole, or separate, in which sense, every man's private property, to which no other man has any claim, is his exclusive property. In that sense, Judge Chase says, in the case of Calder et ux. v. Bull et ux." If any one has a right to property, such right is a perfect and exclusive right." But, that word, exclusive, is more frequently applied to express, that others have been excluded or shut out-from the participation of what they were previously entitled, or would, but for that exclusion, be entitled to enjoy and use. In this'sense, the phrase, exclusive rights or privileges, is ordinarily under-

a 3 Dalla Rep. 394.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

stood. But, it never was intended to give Congress any power to grant exclusive privileges;· and in the article of the constitution, that meaning of the word would be inconsistent.with the idea of securing a pre-existing right. All error would have been avoided, if the adjective had been entirely omitted, or the word individualsubstituted.
At the time of-making the State grant in question, -no man had, andi indeed, no man yet has, any pre-existing right to an invention, connected with the subject matter of the grant. Suppose ,any man, however, now to make an invention, and seek to use it without procuring for himself a patent, or availing himself of the power delegated to Congress; surely the law of the State would be competent to prevent his using it within its waters and jurisdiction. The statute law would, in that instance, operate on the common law, and prevent the common law right, pro tainto, from ever arising, in the same way, as in a fishery. The right of fishing, in a public navigable river, is a common right; but, suppose that before the birth of any given individual, a part of that navigable river had, by statute, been turned into a several fishery, surely his common right would not entitle him to fish in that part of the .navigable river .which a statute had, before the commencement of his common right, turned into a separate fishery. His right to fish there never had a commencement or origin-So with this supposed inventor. A statute, prior to the commencement of his common law right, so acted on that common law itself, that a right

1824.
Gibbous
v. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME' COURT

1824. in him to use his invention, in the waters of the

'State,
Gibbons

never had a commencement or origin.

V. Now, suppose the inventor to procure a patent;

Ogden. would that enable him to use his patented inven-

tion within the jurisdiction and waters of a State, contrary to its statutes? If it did, what would be its operation ? The delegated power, is only to secure a pre-existent right; it can only do that, so far as there is a pre-existent right; where there is not, there is'nothing to be secured. So far, then, as relates to any use or exercise of the invention within the State, there would be no right to be secured, and nothing for the power of Congress
to operate upon. But further, if the inventor, before obtaining his patent, could not legally use his invention, but, aft, r obtaining his patent, could use it in despite of the State laws, the patent would then create and give a right that did not exist before, and thus transcend the power delegated to Congress, which does not enable that body to create or give any right, but only to create andgive a remedy, for the purpose of securing an existing right, which derives its origin and fore .,fom some other law or laws than thoso made by congress.
So far, then, as relates to those State laws, it is impossible that their validity can be affected by the patenting of any invention or discovery made subsequent to their enactment, But it may tilr be advisable to pursue the same course of reasoning, and inquire how far even the existence of a patent, previous to the passing of such acts, would

OF THE UNITED STATES.

enable the patentee to use his invention in despite 1824.

of them.

l ibbons

The object of a patent, granted in pursuance V. of the delegated 'power, is to perfect an imperfect Ogd=.

-ight,.by exactly ascertaining, if I may say So, its

means, and boundaries, and identity, and by afford-

ing an adequate remedy for- its violation. The

precise nature of the remedy is within the discre-

tion of Conlgress; but the nature of.the-evil it pur-

ports to remedy, is entirely illustrative' of the

extent of the power delegated to Congress. The

patent law itself shows that its object is, to turn

the imperfect right into property, for it ilirects,

that the applicant's petition shall signify a desire

of1-btaining an exclusive propertyin his improve-

ment. And the clause giving the remedy, shows

the injury against which Congress. intended to

guard, 'nd against which aloneit had any power,

under the constitution, to provide a guard: where

any person ".shall make, deise, use, or sell" the

thing, whereof the exclusive right is secured to

the-patentee by such patent, &o." But,.no remedy

is provided against preventing the pateniee from

.making, de'sing., wing or s'lling the thing so

patented.. That, if any grievance at all, is one

.-not.within .the purview of the ,act, nor within the

powers of Congress, and against which, therefore,

no.remedyis.there prcvided.

The -object of this power, and of the law made

under i, -itso give to the.pre-existent but imper-

fect right the -security and attributes of aztual

- a.4dof Feb. 21, 179s, s. 1..

152

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
'thGat,ibbons
v.
Ogden.

property. When the law of Congress has done
it is functus officio; and it leaves that right, which it has placed in the class of actual property, to be used and enjoyed like every other kind

of actual property, conformably to the laws of the place where it is to be enjoyed. That which is thus the object of the power and law of Congress, is the patent-right, which it has, as it were, converted into a chattel. But the difference between the patent-right and the thing patented, is great and palpable, equal to the difference between a copy-right and a book. If a State attempted to authorize a violation of these rights, to enable another to make use of or vend the thing patented, or to print the book, or to throw open and in common, the patent-right or the copy-right, then its law would be unconstitutional. But the rights, and only the rights, are the object of the power and laws of Congress; the things themselves are personal property or chattels of the ordinary kind, to be enjoyed; like all other property, subject to laws over which Congress has no control.
If so, why has not a State a right to prohibit the use of the thingpatented within its jurisdiction ? It can do so, as to all other kinds of property. It is no argument-to say, that if one State can do it, every State can do it. If every State wished to do it, how could they, or why should they, be prevented? But, is not that the case with every kind of property.? And if they should extend that power over any species of unpatented property, could Congress interfere? The individual States having that power over every kind of

C& Hh UNITED STATES;

originally perfect property, can it be supposed,

that because Congress was empowered to turn

imperfectinto perfect property, this newly secured species should occupy a superior class, and pos-

sess privileges and exemptions that were never

attached to any other kind of property? The

power of regulating and prohibiting the use of

every kind of property must be somewhere; it is

a- necessary part of legislative sovereignty, and

must be-intrusted to some constituted authority.

As to all other kinds of property, it is undoubtedly,

in the State Legislatures. Things patented may

be dangerous or noxious; they may be generally

useful, and locally injurious; such, for instance,

might be torpedoes in a peaceful and commercial

port; fire balloons and -squibs in a populous city;

though, -in some places and on some occasions,

they may well be useful and advantageous, or, at

least, harmless. Among the curiosities in the

patent ofice, there probably-are some patented

velocipedes. The Corporation of New-York, in

1819, by an ordinance, prohibited the use -of any

velocipede in the streets of that city. Had it not

a right to do so; and could the owner of avy of

those patent velocipedes use them in the street,

in despite of that ordinance? -The Legislature of

New-York has, for many years, prohibited the

drawing of any lotteries there, except what it has

granted to certain public institutions, such as

Union College,- and the College of Physicians.

By virtde of the prohibition to others, and the

granit to those institutions, they have obtained'an

exclusive right of drawing lotteries, sMnilar'to

VEL.tI.

to

1824.
Gibbon
V. Ogen,.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. .that, the constitutionality of which is now in con",bn-,t7roversy. Joseph Vanini has patented a new
v. mode of drawing lotteries, which is, unquestionaogden. bly,. a great improvement, simplifying the opera-
tion, and, by completing it in.less than five minutes, preventing all insurances, and many of the evils attendant on the old mode. But, 'could he, because his invention is an improvement and Oatented, insist on a right to use it, and draw lotteries in the State of New-York, contrary to its laws, and indeed, now, to the express provisions of its constitution? No. The power to prohibit the use of patented things, either generally or locally, must reside somewhere. Can Congress prohibit the use of locally injurious, but .patented, things, in the waters, or the cities, or the populous towns of New-York? If not, because it has no power of regulation or prohibition, where does that power reside ? If it reside, as it must, exchwsively in the State Legislatures, or subordinate. authorities, who but their :constituents can inquire into the motives or propriety of their exercise of that power, or the extent to which it should be carried? If the States have not that regulatiug and controlling power, as Congress. assuredly -has it not, What is the consequence? A patent can be got for any thing, and with no previous competent authority to decide upon its'utility or fitness. If it once issues. from the patent office, as full of evils as Pandora's box, if they Le as new as those that issued from thence, it -is above the restraint and control.of the State Legislatures-of the Legislature of the United States-of every human autiho-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

15

rity! I put the case of their being noxious or dangerous; but there may be a multitude of other reasons for regulating, restraining, or even prohibiting their use; of these Congress can take no cognizance. If the State governments can take no cognizance of them, no institution can; if they can take cognizance, their power is exclusive, and their exercise of it cannot be reviewed. Could Congress (incapable as it is, of itself, prohibiting the use of patented things,) pass a law, in words, that a patentee shall have a right to use his paten'ted.maehine in any State, notwithstanding any prohibitory laws of that State? Would thatbe within. the power of Congress? How, then, can implication give to the patentee the same right? If a patent can give a right to use the thing patented, in contravention of this exclusive right, it would have the same effect ii contravention of any other exclusive right granted by a State. Ferries, stage-coaches, &c. all the grants respecting them, would be broken down by some patented vehicle, for, they are all, in parimateria,. exclusive grants, from motives of public policy; and, having no connexion with the principle of literary property, which is the origin and the object of patent-rights, they cannot be affected by any' ower given to Congress. A State has the same jurisdiction and authority over its rivers and-lakes, that it has over its canals. Now, if the Legislature of New-York judged it advisable so to do, could.it not-prohibit any boat,,using some patented machinery,' from 'navigating its western canal? It it could. why could it not make the

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT
1824. same prohibition as to its rivers and lakes; and .if Gibbbons,- the act here should b"e an excess or abuse of le-
V. gislation, °would not its responsibility be excluOden, svel# to thd people of the State?
The 'State of New-Yo.rk, from motives 'not examinable -here, made a contract, which is the foundation of our right; it could only do so by-a law. The State had a right tQ contract, and, so far, it stands.on the same footin& as if one individual contracted, for a valuable consideration, with another, io receive his supplies, of any article from him only. In the case of individuals, could a man, having a patented improvement of the same.article, insist on annulling that contract, as interfering with his exclusive right and patent? If not, why should not a State, capable of contracting,,-have the same right to make that bargain, and, consequently, exclude the use of the patented article in its jurisdiction and domain, as an individual has in his own house and farm? The waters of the State afe the domain and property of the. State, subject only to the commercial regulations of Congress. Why should not the contract of a State, in regard to its domain andproperty, be as sacred as that of an individual, Such a contract was in this, and may in many cases, be very useful and advantageous. Who is to judge of that but the State Legislatures? Could Congress have made this contract, or acquired this benefit for the State? Certainly not. If 'the State cannot, what power or authority can? And is it come to this, that a contract, such as every individual in the land may wisely and law-,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

15?

fuall make, for his own benefit, and to be enforced 1824.

in his own premises, no State, and no authority ty-G0ibbons

for any State, can make for its benefit, and to be v.

enforced. in its.j!risdiction?-

Ogdm

There are circumstances connected with those

laws, sufficieni to make any tribunal require the

.strongest arguments before it adjudged them in-

valid. The State of New-York, by a patient and

forbearing patronage of ten years, to Livingston

and Fulton, .by the tempting inducement of its

proferred reward,, and by the subsequent libe-

rality of its contract, has called into existence the

noblest and. most useful improvement of the pre-

sent.day. Genius had contended with its inheient

difficulties, for generations before; and if some

had nearly reached, or some even touched, the

goal, they sunk exhausted, and theresult of their

efforts perished in reality, and almost in name.

Such would, probably, have been the end of Ful-

ton's labours; and, neither the wealth and talents

of his associate, nor the resources of his own

great mind, would have stved him from .the fate

of others, if he had not been sustained, for years,

by the wise and considerate encouragement of the

State of. New-York. She has brought into noon-

day splendour, an invaluable improvement to the

intercourse and consequent happiness of man,

which, without her aid, would, perhaps, have

scarcely dawned upon our grandchildren. She

has not only rendered this service to her own citi-

zens, butthe benefits of her policy have spread

themselves over thd whole Union. Where cat

you turn your eyes, and where can -you travel,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. g"Gibbns
v. Ogden.

withou.t having your eyes delighted,, and some part of the fatigues of your journey relieved, by the presence of a stedm boat? The Ohio and Mississippi, she has converted into rapid channels foi
communicating wealth, comforts and enjoyments, from their mouths to their head- waters. And the happy and refiecting inhabitants of the States they wash, may well ask themselves, whether, next to the constitutions under which they live,. there be a single blessing they enjoy from the ak and labour of man, greater than vhat they have derivJ from the patronage of the State of New-York to Robert Fulton ' 'But the mighty benefits that have resulted from those laws, are not circumsciibed, eyen by the vast extent of our Union. New-York may raise her head, she miiay proudly raise' her head, and cast her eyes over the whble civilized world; she there may see its countless waters bearing on their surface countless offsprings of her munificence 'and wisdom: She,may fondly calculate on t'heir speedy extension in every direction and through every region, from Archangel to Calcutta; and justly arrogating to herself the labours of the man she. cherished, and, conscious of 'the value of her own good works, she may turn the mournful exclameation ofAneas into an expression of triumph, and exultingly ask,

Qua regioin terris, nri'nonp2ena labori8.

And it is, after al, those advantages have beer 4cquired and realized to the woild--after nuine, rous individuals bave embarked their fortuies; or

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the faith of those grants, and a ten years acquiescence in the 'decision by which -they were sanc-S tioned-after the property they have created has been diffused among a miltitude of possessorsafter it has become the sole support of the widow and the orphan-after it has received lind exhausted the accumulated savings of the laborious and industrious heads of families, that a decision is required, which cannot, indeed, undo the lasti'ug benefits already procured to the world, but
would, assuredly, undo many of those who have confided their wealth and means to the stability and observance of those laws!

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

The A4orney-Gcnrraz, for the appellant, in reply, insisted, that the laws of New-York were unconstitutional and _Void:
1. Because they are in conflict with powers exclusively vested in Congress, which powers Congress has fully exercised, by laws now subsisting and in full force.
2. Because, if the powers.be concurrent, the legislation of the State is in conflict with that of Cpngress, and is, therefore, void.
He stated, that the powers with which the laws of New-York conflict, are the power "to promote the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for a limited time, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings a[d inventions," and the power " to regulate commere -with foreign nations, and among the several States." If these powers were ex-Iusive in Congress, and it had exercised. them. by

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

18. .terfere
V. %gden.

subsisting laws; and if the lawsof New-York inwith the laws of' Congress, by obstructing,
impeding, retarding, burdening, or in any other manner, controlling their operation,. the laws of'
New-York are void, and the judgment of the
State Cdurt,. founded on the assuimption of their validity, 'must be reversed.
In diacussing.this question, the general principles assumed, as postulates, on the other side, might be, for the most part, admitted. Thus, it might be admitted; -that by force of the de-. claration of independence, each State became sovereign; that they were, then, independent of ,.each other, and foreign to each other; that by virtue of their separate sovereighty, they had, each, full power to levy-war, to make peace, to establish and regulate commerce, to encourage the arts,. and generally to -perform all other acts
of sovereignty. It-was also conceded, that the government of the United States is one of delegated powers; and the counsel for the respondeqt added, that it is one of enumerated powers. Yet they admitted that there. were implied powers, and' had given a different rule for the construction of the two' classes of powers, which was, that "the express powers are to be construed mt'icly,
the implied powers iberi).'" But the implied powers, he presumed, were only those-.which. are necessary and proper to carry the ".powers, ex,pressly given, into. effect-the means. td an ond. This clause had not been generally regprded- asp in fact, giving any, new powers. Congress would have had theiu :without the. express declaration.

OF THE UNITED STATE9,

* The clause was inserted only ex abundaizi cau.

tela. With this explAnatio·n, it might be con-

ceded, that the constitution of the United States is one of delegated and enumerated pQwers ; and

that all powers, not delegated by the constitution

to the national government, nor prohibited by it

to the States, are reserved to the.States respec-

tively, or to the peopIe. The peculiar rule of

construction demanded for those powers, might also be conceded: that the express powers are to

be strictly construed, the implied liberally. By

which was understood to be meant, that Congress

can do no more than they are expressly authorized

to do; though the means of doing it are. left to

their discrefion, under no other limit than that

they shall be necessary and proper to the end.

On the other hand, the counsel for the respon-.

dent themselves admitted, that .Congress, never-

theless, hassome exclusive powers; and, in con-

formity with the decisions of the Court, they

-admit that those exclusive powers exist under

three heads. (1.) When the power is given to Con-

gress in express terms of exclusion. (2.) When

a power isgiven to Congress, and a like power is

expressly prohibited-to the States. (3.) Where a

power given to Congress, is of such a nature, that

the exercise of. the same .power by the States

would be repugnant.

With regard to the degree of repugnancy, it

was insisted, that the repugnancy must be mani*fest, necessary, unavoidable, total, and direct.

Certainly if the powers be repugnant at all, they

must be so with al these qualifications. If Con-

VOL. 1%.

21

161L
1824.
Gibbow
v.
Ogden,

162
1824.
Gi"bbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
gress,, in the lawful exercise of its power, says that a thing shall be done, and the State says it shall not; or, which is the same thing, if Congress says that a thing shall be done, on certain terms,
and the Stitte says it shall not be done, except on certain other terms, the' repugnancy has all the epithets. which can be lavished upon it, and the State law must be void for this repugnancy.
A new test for the application of this third head of exclusive power, had been proposed. It 'was said, that "no power can be exclusive from its own nature, except where it formed no part of State authority previous to the constitution, but was first created by the constitution itself." But why were these national powers thus created by the constitution? Because they look to the whole United States as their theatre of action. And are not all the powers given to Congress of the same character? Under the power to regulate commerce, the commerce to be regulated is that of the United States with foreign nations, among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. No State had any previous power of regulating these. :The -same thing might be affirmed of all the other powers euimnerated in the constitution. They vere all created by the constitution, because they are to be wielded by the whole Union over the whole Union, which"no State could previously do. If any one power, created.by the constitution, may be exclusive for that reason, then all may be exclusive, because all are originally created. If, on the other hand, we are to consider the powers enumerated in the constitution, not.with reference

OF -THE UNITED STATES.
to the greater arm that wields them, and the more extended territory over which they operate, but merely in reference to the nature of the particular power in itself considered - then, accQrding to this new test, all the powers given to Congress are concurrnt; because there is no one power given to it, which, considered in this light, might not have been previously exercised by the States within their respective sovereignties. But this argument proved too much; for, it has been conceded, that some of the powers are-exclusive from their nature; whereas, if the argument were true, none of" them could be. exclusive.. On this argument, the entire class or head of exclusive powers, arising from the nature of the power, must be abolished. But this Court had repeatedly determined, that there is such a class of exclusive powers. The -power of establishing a uniform rule of naturalization, is one. of the instances. Its exclusive character is rested on the constitiW-tional requisition, that the rule established under it should -be uniform.
It had been, objected, that this would have been a eoncurrent power, but.for the auxiliary provision in the constitution, that a citizen of one. State shall be entitled to all the privileges of a citizen in every other State. The answer was, that it is not so determined by the Court in the *case cited, aud. that the commentators on the constitution
place it exclusively on the nature of the. power as
described in the grant.'
a Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat. Rep. 269.
h 7§e Federalist,No. 42.

1824.. . v.
Ogdn.

164
1824.
Gibbbns
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
So also, the power of establishing uniform laws
on the subject of bankruptcies, is clearly an oxclusive power from its nature. The Court has, indeed, determined, that until Congress thought
fit to exercise the power, the States might pass local bankrupt laws, provided they did not impair the obligation of contracts; but, that aq soon as Congress legislate on the subject, the power of the States is at an end.-
But it bad been said, that tfiis doctrine takes away State power, by implication, which is contrary to the principles of interpretation laid down by the commentators on the constitution. It was not the opinion of the authors of the Federalist, that a State power could not be alienated by implication. Their doctrine was, that it might be alienated by implication, provided the iniplication be inevitable; and that it is inevitable wherever a direct and palpable repugnancy exists. The distinction between repugnancy and occasional interference, is manifest. The occasional interference, alluded to in the Federalist, and admitted by this Court, in its adjudications, is not a repugnancy between the powers themselves: it is a mere incidental interference in the operation of powers harmonious in themselves. The case put, was of a tax laid by Congress, and a tax laid by the State, upon the same subject, e. g. on a tract of land. The taxes operate upon, and arb to be satisfied out of the same subject. It might be inconvenient to the proprietor to pay both taxes. In an

a 5turges v.'Cfowninihidld, 4 Whgdt, Rep.: 2%

OF THE UNITED STATES.
extreme'case, the subject might be ifnadequate to 1824. the satisfaction of both.. Then the tax laid by '-Gibbons' the paramount authority must be "first satisfied. v.. Still, this incidental interference in their operation, Ogdon. is not an inherent repugnance in the nature of the powers themselves.
It was also said; that to constitute the power an exclusive one in Congress; the repugnance must be such, that the State can pass -no law on the subject, which will not be repugnant t6 the power given to Congrdss.
This required qualification before it could be admitted. Some subjects are, in their nature, extremely multifarious and complex. The same subject may consist of a great variety of branches, each extending itself into remote, minute, and infinite ramifications. Onebranch alone, of such a subject, might be given exclusively to Congress, (and the power is exclusive only so far as.it is granted,) .yet, on other branches of the same subject,, the States might act, without interfering with the power exclusively granted to Congress. Commerce is such a subject. It is so complex, multifarious and indefinite, that it would be extremely difficult, if not impracticable, to make a digest of all the operations which belong to it. One or more branches of this subject might be given exclusively to.Congress; the others may be left open to the States. They may, therefore, legislate on commerce, though they cannot touch that branch which is given exclusively to Congress.
So Congress has the power to promote the progress 6f science and The useful arts; but only in

166

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
GGibbons
V.
Ogden.

one mode, viz. by securing, for a limited time, to authors and inventors, the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries. This might be an exclusive power, and was contended to be

so. Yet, there are a thousand other modes in which the progress of science and the useful arts may be promoted, as, by establishing and endowing literary and philosophical societies, and many others which might be mentioned. Hence, notwithstanding this particular exclusive grant 'to
'Congress, of one mode of promoting theprogress of science and the useful arts, the States may rightfully make many enactments on the general subject, without any repugnance with the peculiar grant to Congress.
But, to come now to the o iestion, vhether these State laws be repugnant t, this grant of power, we must first inquire, why it was conferred on Congress? Why was it thought a matteroof sufficient importance to confer this power upon the national government? The answer to this question would be found in the history of the country, in the nature of our institutions, and the great
national objects which the constitution had in view. The country was in its infancy; its population was small; its territory immense: it had recently thrown off its bondage by the war of the revolution, and was left exhausted and poor-poo" in every thing but virtue and the love of country. It was still dependent on the arts of Europe, for all the comforts, and almost all the necessaries of life. We had hardly any manufactures, science,
or literature of our own. Our statesmen saw the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

great destiny which was before the nation, but they saw also the necessity of exciting the energief of the people, of invoking the genius of invention, and of creating aid diffusing the lights of science. These were objects, in which the whole nation was concerned, and were,. thprefbre, naturally and. properly confided to the national government. The States, indeed, might have exercised their. inherent power of legislating on this subject; but their sphere of action was comparatively small; their regulations would naturally have been various and conflicting. -Discouragement and discontent would have arisen in some States, from the superior priyileges conferred on the works of genius in- others; contests would have ensued among them on the point of the originality of inventions; and laws of retortion and reprisal would have followed, All these difficulties would be avoided by giving the power to Congress, and giving it exclusively of the States. If it were wisely exerted by Congress, there could be no necessity for a doncurrent exercise of the power by the States.
The terms of the grant are, " Congress shall have power to promote. the progress of science and the useful arts, by securing, for a limited time, to authors and inventors, the ezclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries." This
exclusive right is to be co-extensive with the territory of the Union. The laws to be made for
securing it, must be uniform, and must extend throughout the country.. The exclusive:nature of every power is to be tested by the character'of the

1824.
V. 0 dw.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbbons
v.
Ogden.

acts which Congress is to pass. This is the case with the naturalization laws. The exclusiveness of the power to establish them, resulted from their character of uniformity. So here, the ex-
clusiveness results from the character of the right which they are to confer. It is to be exclusive. It is not, indeed, said, that Congress shall have the exclusive power, but it is said that they shall have power to do a certain act, which, when done, shall be exclusive in its operation. The power to do such an act, must be an exclusive power. It can, in the nature of things, be performed only by a single hand. Is not the power of one sovereign to confer exclusizve rights, on a given subject, within a certain territory, inconsistentwith a power in another independent sovereign, to confer exclusive rights on the same subject, in the same territory? Do not the powers clash? The right to be conferred by Congress, is to exclude all other rights on the subject in the United States; NewYork being one of those States. The right to be conferred by New-Yoik, is to exclude all other rights on the subject within the State of NowYork. That one right may exclude another, is perfectly intelligible; but that two rights should reciprocally exclude each other,, and yet both continue to subsist in perfect harmony, is inconceivable. Can a concurrent power exist, if, from the very nature of its action, it must take away, or render nugatory, the power given to Congress? Supposing the power to be concurrent, Congress may secure the right for one period of time,, and the respective 1tates for another. Congress may

OV THE UNITED STATES.

169

9ecure it for the whole Union, and each State may

secure it to a different claimant, for its own terri-

tory. Congress possesses the power of granting an exclusive right to authors and inventors,- within

the United States. New-York claims the power

to grant such exclusive right within that State.

An author or inventor in that State, may take a

grant for a period of time far longer than that

alloved by the act of Congress. He may take a

similar grant from every other State in the Union;

and thus this pretended concurrent power super-

sedes, abrogates, and annuls the power of Con-

gress. What would become of the power of Con-

gress after the whole sphere of its action was

taken away by this concurrent power of the States?

Who would apply to the power of Congress for a

patent or a copy-right, while the States held up

higher privileges? This concurrent legislation

would degenerate into advertisements for custom.

These powers would be in the market,. and the

highest bidder, would take all. Are not powers

repugnant, when one may take from the other the

whole territory on which alone it can act? Is not

the repugnance such as to annihilate the power of

Congress, as completely as if the whole Union

was itself annihilated?

Something had been said of Congress repealing

the laws of the State, wherever they should con-

flict with those of the Union. But where is this

power of repeal? There is no such head of

power in the constitution. Congress can act only

by positive legislation on any subject, and this it

has done in the present instance. But thisaction

Vot. IX.

2

1824.
Gibbous
V.
Ogden.

170
1824.
Gibbbb"on"s
,,.
Ogden,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
would he in vain, if another authority can act on the same subject. If this concurrent power would defeat the power of Congress; by withdrawing from it the whole territory on which it is to act, it
would also defeat it by giving a monopoly of all the elements with which invention is to work. This has been done by these laws, as to fire and steam. Why should it not be done equally with all the othei elements, such as gravitation, magnetism, galvanism, eleotricity, and others? What is to consecrate these agents of nature, and secure them from State monopoly, more than fire or steam? If not, then is the power of Congress subject to be defeated by this concurrent power, first by a monopoly of all the territory on which it can act, and then by a mgnopoly of all the elements and natural agents on which invention can be exerted. Still it would be said, that there is no direct repugnance between these powers, and that the power of Congress may still act. But on what can it act? The territory is gone, and all the powers of invention are appropriated. There is no difference whatever between a direct enactment, that the law of Congress shall have no operation in New-York, and. enactments which render that operation impossibiq.. If, then, this process of reasoning be correct, the inevitable conclusion from it is, that a prower in the States to grant exclusive p6tents, is utterly incob "*dqntwith the -power given to the national govern -ant to grant such exclusive patents: and hence, that the power given to Congress is one which is exclusive from its nature.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

But suppose, for the sake of the argument, that the States have this concurrent power, yet it cannot be denied, that if the legislation of the State be repugnant to the laws of Congress, that of the State is void, so far as the repugnance exists. In the present case the repugnance is manifest. The law of Congress declares, that all inventors of useful improvements throughout the United States, shall be entitled to the exclusive right in their discoveries for fourteen years only. The law of New-York declares, that this inventor shall be entitled to the exclusive use of his discovery for thirty years, and as much longer as the State shall permit. The law of Congress, by limiting the exclusive right to fourteen years, in effect declares, that after the expiration of that time, the discovery shall be the common right of the whole people of the United States. The law of New-York declares that it shall not, after fourteen years, be the exclusive right of the people of the United States, but that it shall be the exclusive right of this inventor for thirty years, and for so much longer as she, in her sovereign will and pleasure, may permit. If this be not repugnance, direct and palpable, we must have a new vocabulary for the definition of the word.
But it was said, that the appellant bad no patent under the'United States, and therefore, could pot raise the question. To this it was answered, that it was not necessary that he should have a patent. The question as to the validity of the law of New-York, is raised, whenever a right is asserted under that law, and is resisted by the

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbboons
v. Ogden.

party against whom it is asserted and that validity
is to be tested, not by comparing the law of NewYork with a patent, but by comparing it with the constitution and laws of the United States.
It was also said, that there could be no repugnance, because it was admitted, that wherever d patent from the United States appears, the patent obtained under the State law must yield to it; that the patent under the. State is valid only until the patent from the paramount power appears; and that the rights derived from the different sovereigns must be found practically to clash, before the law of New-York was to give way for repugnancy. This is an insidious argument, and fraught with all the dangers which have been enumerated.
For if the New-York patentee be the inventor, the law of New-York is absolute, and however
unconstitutional it may be, there is no power of resistance. Besides, the argument is incorrect. To illustrate this, suppose a grant from Virginia,
within the military reservation- in Ohio, after she had ceded the whole territoryto the United States; would the party in possession, even if a mere intruder, be bound to show.a grant from the United States, before he could resist the unlawful grant of Virginia? But there The plaintiff would be claiming under a State which had previously ceded away the power to. make such grants, which is precisely the case here, so that there need be ho repugnance arising from patents. If a repugiance exist between the laws of New-York and the constitution and laws of the Onited States, any citizen of the United States has a fight to act

OF THE UNITED STAtES.

as if the law of New-York were a nullity; and the question of its nullity and validity arises, wherever.an attempt is made to enforce it.
But it was argued thac the power of Congress is limited to inventors, .and that the power to encourage by. patents the introduction of foreign .discoveries,. stands clear of this constitutional grant. If it were necessary, this doctrin,. might be questioned. The statute of the 21st James I. c. 3. uses the same word with the constitution, "inventors';" and the decisions upon the construction of this statute might be referred to, in order to show that it has been considered as embracing discoveries imported from abload.a But, even acceding to this doctrine, it might be asked whmether the question now before the Court had any thing to"do with an art, machine, or improvement, imported from abroad ? The privilege here granted by the State, is to an American citizen, who claims to be the inventor. The privilege is the reward of invention, not of importation, and this it is which brings it in conflict with the apt of Cngress. It is true, the law does not calf him the inventor; it calls him merely the "possessor." But, can the constitution, and laws of the United States be evaded in this manner? If lie was not the inventor, why this unjust tax which has been levied upon our admiration and gratitude? When the validity of a law is challenged for a fraudulent evasion of the rights of others, you are not bound by its own averments, but may resort to proof

1824. -Gibbons
V.
Ogdeu.

a 17' P'in.211.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. aliunde to establish the facts. The word possesGibbon.w S--3r i a new and unusual word to ap'ply to such a
v. case, and marks a studious effort to conceal the Ogden. truth. He was, of necessity, either the inventor
or the importer. If he was the importer,there is no conceivable reason why he Should be. called by any other than that name. The Legislature of New-York, in its act in behalf of Fitch, passed before the adoption of the constitution, had no difficulty in applying the natural and appropriate name to hn But when the final law was passed in favour of Livingston and Fulton, in 1798, the constitution of the United States, which cedes this power to Congress, had been adopted, and the laws by which that power is executed had been passed. This constitution and these laws used the term inventors. But the privilege was too short. The State of New-York offered better terms. The only difficulty was, to give them effect without encroaching upon that power which had been constitutionally exercised by Congress. It would not do to call them inventors, and the device was adopted of calling him merely the possessor, whiich was a manifest evasion of the law of Congress.
But it was contended, that the patent laws of the United States give no right; they only secure a pre-existing right at common law. What then do these statutes accomplish? If they do nothing more than give the inventor a chattel interest in his invention, and a remedy for its violation, he had these at common law. And if they only give him a mere right.to use his invention in the States,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

with their permis-;on, lie had that before. The case of Millar v. Taylor provesthe right to have been perfect at common law. The time of enjoyment was far greater. Thompson's Seasons had been published forty years when that action was brought. If the patent and copy-right laws were-merely intended to secure an exelusive right throughout the United States, and are, in fact, a limitation on the common law right, (ais was contended by the respondent's counsel,) when this right has been thus secured throughout the United States, and a limitation constitutionally put upon it by Congress, can a State interfere with this regulation? The limitation is not for the advantage of the inventor, but of society at large, which is to take the benefit of the invention after the period of limitation has expired. The patentee pays a duty on his patent, which is an effective source of revenue to theUnited States. It is virtually a contract between each patentee and the people of the United States, by which tile time of exclusive and secure enjoyment is limited, and then the benefit of. the discovery results to the public. A State cannot, by its local laws, dereat this resulting interest of the whole Union.'
But it wa said that a State might prohibit the use of a patented machine, -if it be noxious to the health of its citizens, or of an immoral or impious book, the copy-right of which had been secured. The answer to all such arguments was, that it would be time enough to consider such questions when they. arise. The. constitutional power of Congress is to patent useiful discoveries. The

1824.
Gibbons
v. 0gdn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUMT

1824. patent authorizes the patentee to use his invention t

%-

'

GibboM

and it is the use

which is secured.

When a dis-

V. covery is deemed useful by .the national governOgden. ment, and a patent shall issue authorizing the

patentee to use it throughout the United States,

and the patentee shall be obstructed by a State in

the exercise of this right, on the ground that the

discovery is useless and dangerous, it will be time

enough to consider the power of the ,States to

defeat the exercise of the right on this ground.

But this is not the question before the Court. It

might be admitted, that the State had authority to

prohibit the use of a patented machine on that

ground, or of a book, the copy-right of which

had been secured, on the ground of its impiety or

ii6morality. But the laws which are now in judg"ment were not passed upon any such ground.

The question raised by theni is, can the States

obstruct the operation of an hct of Congress, b

takiijg the power from the National Legislature

into their own hands? Can they prohibit the pub-

lication of an immoral book, licbnsed' by Con-

gress, on the pretext of its immorality, and then

give an exclusive right to publish the same book

themselves? Can they prohibit the use of'an in-

vention on the ground of its noxiousness, and

then authorize the exclusive use of the same in-

vention by their own law?

But there is no pretext of noxiousness hero.

The authority to enact these laws is taken up

under a totally distinct head of State power. It

is the sovereign power to grant exclusive privileges

and create monoijolies, the constitution and jaws

OF T11E UNITED STATEAT7

of the United States to the contrary notwithstand-

ing. This is the real power under whiqh these

laws are defended; and it may perplex, although it cannot enlighten the discussion, to confound it

with another and a distinct head of State power.

If then the power of securing to authors and in-

ventors the use of their writings and discoveries,

be exclusively vested in Congress, the acts of

NeW-York are void, because they are founded on

the exercise of the same power by the State.

And if the power be concurrent, these- aots are

still void, because they interfere with the legisla-

tion of Congres on the same subject.

These laws were also void, because they inter-

fere with the power given to Congress, to regu-

late commerce with foreign nations and among

the several States. This nullity of the State laws

would be supported, first, upon the ground of"the

power being exclusive in Congress; and, secondly,

that if concurrent these -laws directly interfered

with those of Congress on the same subject.

That this power was exclusive, would be mani-

fest from the fact, that the commerce to be regu-

lated, was that of the' United States; that the

government by which it was to bp regulated, was

also that- of the United States; and that the sub-

ject itself wasone undivided subject. It was an

entirei regular,'and-unifQrm system,-which was

to be carried into effect, and would not admit of

the participation and interference of another hand..

Does not regulation, ex zi ter-mini, imply harnony-

and uniformity of action ? If this must be ad-

mitted to be the natural and proper force of he

Vol. M -

23

177
1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogdeln

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUWI

1824. O
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

term, let us suppose that the additional term, uniform, had been introduced into the constitution, so as to provide that Congress should have power to make uniform regulations of commerce through-
out the United States. Then, according to the adjudications on the power of establishing a uniform rule of naturalization, and unifornp laws of bankruptcy, throughout the United States, this power would unquestionably have been exclusive in Congress. But regulation of that commerce which pervades the Union, necessarily implies uniformity, and the same result, therefore, follows as if the word had been inserted.
With regard to the quarantine -laws, and othor regulations of police, respecting the public health in the several States, they do not partake of the character of regulations of the commerce of the United States. It had been said, that these local regulations were recognised by Congress, which had made them a part of its own system of commerce. But this recognition would have been superfluous, if they.could have stood without it on the basis of State sovereignty; and so far as their adoption by Congress could be.considered as affecting the question, the manner and purpose of the recognition operated the other way. Itwould be found that, by the commercial regulations which Congress had made, a general system was adopted, which, if executed in every instance, would have carried ships and-vessels into all the ports of the several States, their local quarantine laws to the contrary notwithstanding. An express regulation is. therefore, introduced, requiring- the collectors

OF THE UNITED STATES.

of the customs to conform the execution of their official duties, under the navigation and revenue laws; with the quarantine laws of the respective States. Without such alrovision, the local health laws must have given way'to the supremacy of the navigation and revenue laws of the Union.
A serious objection to the exclusive nature of this power of regulating commerce, was supposed to arise from the express prohibitions on the States, contained in the 10th see. of the 1st art. of the con-
stitution. It has been considered, that these prphibitions imply that, as to every thing not prohibited, the power-of the State was meant to be reserved ; and the authority of the authors of the Federalist, was cited in support of this interpretation. But another cbmmentator, of hardly less imposing authority, and .writing, not as a polemic, for the purpose of vindicating the constitution against populIar objections, but for the mere purpose of didactic ifistruction as a professor, with this section before him, and with a strbng leaning towards State pretensions, considers the power to regulate commerce as an exclusive power.a But the'difference between them is rather in appearance, than in reality. It does not appear that the author of that number of the Federalist, did himself consider these police regulations as, properly speaking, regulations of the commerce of the Union. But the. objectors to the constitution had presented them as such, and his argument in substance is, thut if

1824.
Gibbons
Y. Ogd ,

a Tucker's BL. Com. part 1. .lppx. 180,

CASES N THE SUPREME COUR'f

1824.
Gibbon s
v. Ogden.

they are, the constitution does not affect them. The other commentator did not consider them as regulations of the commerce of the Unites States; for if he did, he could not-admit them, as he did,
to be left in the States, and yet hold the opinion that the power to regulate commerce was exclusively vested in Congress. But might not a reason for these prohibitions be found, in the recent experience of the country, very different from that which had heretofore been assigned for them. The acts prohibited, were precisely those which the States had been passing, and which mainly led to the adoption of the constitution. The section might have been inserted ex abundanticautela. Or the convention might have regarded the previous clause, which grants the power to regulate commerce, as exclusive throughout the whole subject ; and this section might have been inserted to qualify its exclusive character, so far "as to permit the States to do the things mentioned, under the superintendance and with the consent of Congress. If either or both of these motives combined for inserting the clause, the inference which had been drawn from it against the exclusive power of Congres4 to regulate commerce, would appear to be wholly unwarranted.
But if these police regulations of the States are to be c6nsidered as a part -ofthe immense mass of commercial powers, is not the subject susceptible of division, and may not some portions of it be 6xelusively vested in Congress ?, It was viewing the subject in this light, that induced his learned asso-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ciatea to assume the position which had been misconceived on the other side. This propositionwas,not that all the commercial powers .are exclusive, but that those powers being separated, there are some which are exclusive in their nature- and among thein, is that power which concerns navigation, and which prescribes the vehicles in which commerce shall be carried on. It was, however, immaterial, so far as this case was concerned, whether the power of Congress to regulate commerce be exclusive or concurrent. Supposing it to be concurrent, it could not be denied, that where Congress has legislated concerning a subject, on which it is authorized to act, all State legislation which interferes with, it, is absolutely void; It was not denied, that Congress has power to regulate 'the coasting trade. It.was not denied that Congress had regulated it. If the vessel now in question, was sailing under .the authority of these reglatibns, and has been arrested by a law of New-York forbidding her sailing the State law.must,. of necessity,.be void. The coasting trade did, indeed, exist before the constitution was adopted; it might safely be admitted, that it existed by the jus cornmune of nations ; that it existed by an.imperfect right ; and that the States might prohibit or permit it at their pleasure, imposing upon it any regulations they thought fit, within the limits of their respective territorial jurisdictions. But those regulations were as various as the States; continually conflicting, and the source of perpetual dis-

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

a .r, Webste.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1824. cord and confusion. In this condition, the constiG Gibibbonosstution found the coasting trade. It was not a thing
v. which required to be created, for it already existOgden. ed. But it was a thing which demanded regula-
tion, and the power of regulating it was given to Congress. They acted upon it as an existing subject, and regulated it in a uniform manner throughout the Union. Aft6r this regulation, it was no longer an imperfect right, subject to the future control of the States. It became a perfect right, protected by the laws of Congress, with wliehi the States had no authority to interfere. It was for the very purposle of putting an end to this interference, that the power was given to Congress ; and if they still have a right to act upon the subject, the power was given in vain. To say that Congress shall regulate it, and 'et to say that the States shall alter these regul .ions at pleasure, or disregard them altogether, would be to say, in the some breath, that Congress shall regulate it, and shall not regulate it; to give the power with one hand, and to take it back with the other. By the acts for regulating the coastingtrade, Congress had defined what should be required to authorize a vessel to trade from port to port ; and inl this definition, not one word is said as to whether it is moved by sails or ly fire; whether it carries passengers or merchandise. The license gives the authority to sail, without any of those qualifications. That the regulation of commerce and navigation, includes the aufhority of regulating passenger ves.sels as well as others, would appear from the most approved definitions"ofthe term commerce. It al-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ways implies intercommunication and intercourse. 1824. This is the sense in which the constitution uses it;-1gbbu and the-great national object was, to regulate the V. terms on which intercourse between foreigners Ogden. and this country, and between the different States of the Union, should be carried on. If freight be the test of commerce, this vessel was earning freight; for what is freight, but the compensation paid for the use of a ship ? The compensation for the carrying of passengers may be insured .as freight. The whole subject is regulated by the general commercial law; and Congress has superadded special regulations applicable to vessels employed in. transportingpassengers fromEurope. InnDne of the'acts regulating the navigation of the country; whether employed in the foreign or coasting trade, had any allusion been made to the kind of vehicles employed, further than the general description of ships or vessels, nor to the means or agents by which they weae propelled.
In conclusion, the Atwoie-General obscrved, that his learned friend (Mr. Emmett) had eloquently personified the State of New-York, casting her ej~es over the ocean, witnessing every where this triumph of her genius, and exclaiming, in the language of AEneas,
11Quae regio in terris, uostri non plena laboris?"
*Sir, it was not in the moment of triumph, nor -with feelings of triumph, that Eneas uttered that -exclamation. It was when, with his faithful Acha-tes by his side, he was surveying the works of art

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUAT

1824.
Gibboon1s-'
v. Ogden.

with which the palace of Carthage was adorned, and his attention had been caught by a representation of the battles of Troy. There he saw the sons of Atreus and Priam, and the fierce Achilles.
The whole extent of his misfortunes-the loss and desolation of his friends-the fall of his beloved country, rush upon-his recollection.

't Constitit, et lac7rymans; Quis jam locus, inquit, Achate,
Qum regio in terris nostri non plena laboris ?1

Sir, the passage may, hereafter, have'a closer application to the cause than my eloquent and
classical friend intended. For, if the state of things which has already commenced is to go on; if the Spirit of hostility, which already exists in three of our States, is.to catch by contagion, and spread among the rest, as, from the progress of the human passions, and the unavoidable conflict of interests, it will too surely do, what are we to
expect? Civil wars have often arisen from far inferior causes, and have desolated some of the fairest provinces of the earth. History is full of the afflicting narratives of such wars, from causes far inferior; and it will continue to be her mournful office to record them, till time shall be no more. It is a momentous decision which this Court is called on to make. Here are three States almost on the eve of war. It is the high province of this - Court to interpose its benign and mediatorial influence. The framers of our admirable constitu-
tion would have deserved the wreath of immor-

QP THE UNITED STATES.

185

tality which they have acquired, had they done nothing dlse ihn to establish this guardian tribu-. nal, to harmonize the jarring elements in our sys-

tern. But, sir, ifyoudo not interpose your friendly hand, and extirpate the seeds of anarchy which

New-York has sown; yoti 4Uill- have civil war.

The war of leg.3lation, which has already com-

menced, will, according to its usual course, become a war of blows. Your country will be shaken with civil strife. Your republican institutions-will

perish'in the conflict. Your constitution will fall.

The last hope of nations will be gone. And, wha will be the effet upon the rest of the world?

Look abroad atthe scenes which hre now passing

on our globe, and -judge of that effect. .The friends of free government throughout the earth,

-who have been heretofore 'animated by our exam-

ple, and have held it up before them as their po lar star, to guide them through the stormy seas of

revolution, will witness our fall-with dismay ahd despair. The arm that is every where lifted in

the cause"6f liberty, will drop, unnerved, *by the

warrior's side. . Despotism will have its day of triumph, and- will accomplish the-purpose at which

.it too certainly aims. It will-cover the earth" with the mantle of-mourning. Then, sir, when New-

_York shall .look upon this scene *ofruin, if -she have the generous feelings which I believe her to
have, it will not be with her head aloft, in the

pride of conscious triumph-" her rapt soul sitting ifl her eyes';" no; sir, no: dejected, wvith shame

and confusion-drooping under the weight of 'her

VOL. AX:

24

182A.
v. O'Ogii

186
1824.
Giibbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT
sorrow, with a voice suffocated with despair, 'well may she them exclaim,
"Qtuis jam locus, Qum regio in terris nostri non plena laboris "

Manh .

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi-
nion of the Court, and, after stating the case, proceeded as follows:
The appellant contends that this decree is erroneous, because the laws which purport to give the exclusive privilege it sustains, are repugnant to the constitution and laws of the United States.
They are said to be repugnant--1st. To that clause in the constitution which authorizes Congress to regulate commerce. 2d. To that which authorizes Congress to-promote the progress of science and useful arts. The State of New-York maintains the consti.tutionality of these laws; and their. Legislature, their Council of Revision, and'their Judges, have repeatedly concurred in this opinion. It is supported by great names-by names which have all the titles to consideration that virtue, intelligence, and office, can bestow. No tribunal can approach the decision of this question, without feeling a just and real. respect for that opinion which is sustained by such authority; but it is the province of this-Court, while it respects, not to bow to it implicitly; and the Judges must exercise, in the .examination of the subject, that understanding which Providence has bestowed upon them, with that independence which the people of the United

OF THE UNITED STATES

States expect from this department of the govern- 1824.

ment.

As preliminary to the very able discussions of the constitution, which we have heard from the

bar,

and

as

having

some

influence

on

its

construesi-

tion, reference has been made to the political

Gibbons
v.
Ogden.
Priciples ot

tuation of these States, anterior to its formation.

It has been said, that they were sovereign, were

completely independent, and were connected with

each other only by a league. This is true. But,

when these allied sovereigns converted their league

into a government, when they converted their

Congress of Ambassadors, deputed to deliberate

on their common concerns, and to recommend

measures of general utility, into a Legislature,

empowered to enact laws on the most interesting

subjects, the whole character in which the States

appear, underwent a change, the extent of which

must be determined by a fair consideration of the

instrument by which that change was effected.

This instrument contains an enumeration of

powers expressly granted by the people .to their

government. It ha§ been said, that these powers

ought' to be construed strictly. But why ought

they to be so construed? Is there one sentence ir

the constitution which gives countenance to this

rule? In the last of the enumerated powers, that

which grants, expressly, the means for ca\rying all

others into execution, Congress is authorized "to

make all laws which shall be necessary and proper"

for the purpose. But this limitation on the means

which may be used, is not extended to the powers

which are conferred; nor is there one sentence in

CASES.IN THE.SUPREME COURT
1824. -the constitution, which hdis bee*n pointed.out by the %-O ' gentlemen Df the bar; or which we have been able
vV. to discern, that prescribes this iule. We do not, ogden. therefore, think ourselves justified in adopting it.
Whatrdo gentlemen mean; bi a strict'construction ? If they contend only against that enlarged consttuction, which'woulil ektend words beyond their natural.and obvious iniport, we might questi6n the application of thejterm, but should not controvert the. principle. If they contend for that narrow construction which, in .support of some theory not to be found in the constitutioii, would deny to the government those powers which the words of the grant,.'ae usually understood, import, and which are consistent-vith the general vieWs and objects -bf the instrumdht; for that narrow cobstruction, which would cripple. the government, and render it -unequal to the object for which it is declared to be instituted, and to which ihe powers given, as fairly'unddrstoo'd, render it c)ipeient; then we cannt--perceive the 1propriety' of this, strict construction, nor -adopt it as the" rule,by which the constitution is' to be expounded. . As men, whose intentions require no concealment, generally employ the words which most. directly and. aptly. express.the ideas they intend to.convey, tfie enlightened,atriots " who framed our constitution, and the.people who adopted it, must bd understood to have emp!oyed. words in their natural sense, and tQ .bave intended what theyhave said. If, from tha impeffection" of human lnguage, there should
be serious doubts respecting the extent-of any,given power, it is a well settled rule, that the 6bjects

OF THE UNITED STATES.

for which it was given, espeqially when those ob 1824.

jects are expressed in the instrument itself, should 0 bow

have great influence in the construction. We know V.

of no reason for excluding-this rule from the pre-

sent case. Th. grant does no.t convey power which

might be beneficial to the grantor, if retained'by

himself, or which .can enure solely to the benef

of the grantee; but is an investment of.power for

tle gene.ral- advantage, in the hands of'agents se-

lected for -thatpurpose "which power can never be

exercised by the people themselves, but must be

placed in the hands of agents, or lie dormant. We

know of no rule for construing the extent of such

powers, other than is given by the language of the

instrument which confers them, taken in connex-

ion with the purposes for which" they were confer-

red.

The words · are, "Congress shall hav. e power. ofThieeguplaotwinegr to regulate commerce with foreign nations, a.n.d. cteonmdpsertco, ethxe-

among the several States, and with the -indianreglatlo of

tribes."

nargatwn.

. The subject to beregulated is commercd; and

:ur constitution being, as was aptly said at the bar,

one of enumeration, and not of definition, to as-

certaifi the extent ofthe power, it becomes necessa-

ry to settle-the meaning of the word. The aounsel

for the appt'llee would limit it to traffic, to buying

and selling, or the interchange of commodities,

and do not admit that it comprehends navigation..

This would. restrict a general term, qpplicable to

many objects, tQ one of its significations. Com-

merce, undoubtedly, is traffic, but it is something

more.: it is intercourse. It describes the corn-

190

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'

lb24.
Gibbons
V. gdeh.

mercial intercourse between nations, and parts of Snations, in all its branches, and is regulated by prescribing rules fpr carrying on that intercourse. The !mind can scarcely conceive a system for regulating commerce between nations, which shall exclude all laws concerniLg navigation, which shall be silent on the admission of the vessels of the one nation into the ports of the other, and be confined to prescribing rules for the conduct of individuals, in the actual employment of buying and
selling, or of barter. If commerce does not include navigation, the
government of the Union has no direct power over'that subject, and can make no law prescribing what shall constitute American vessels, or *requiring that they shall be navigated by American seamen. Yet this power has been exercised from the commencement of the government, has been exercised iith the consent of all, and has been understood by all to be a commercial regulation, All America understands, and has uniformly understood, the -word "commerce," to comprehend navigation. It was so understoodi and must have been -so understood, when the constitution was framed. The power over commerce, including navigation, was one of the primary objects for which the people of America adopted their government, and must have been contemplated in formig it. IThe convention must have used the wiord irthat sense, because all have understood it in that sense; and the attempt to restrict it comes too late.
If the opinion that "commerce,!i as -the word is used in the constitutiop,. comprehends," aviga-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tion also, requires any additional confirmation, that additionil confirmation is,-we think, .furnished by the words of the instrument itself.
It is a rule of construction, acknowledged by
all, that the exceptions from a power mark its extent; for it would be absurd, as well as useless, to except from a granted power, that which was not granted-that which the words of the grant could not comprehend. If, then, there are in the constitution plain exceptions from the power over navigation, plain inhibitions tb the exercise of that power in a particular way, it is a proof that thase who made these exceptions, and prescribed these inhibitions, understood the power to which they applied as being granted.
The 9th sectiQn of the 1st article declares, that "no preference shall be given, by any regulation ofcommerce or revenue, to the ports of one State
over those of a'nother." This clause cannot be understood as applicable to those laws only which are passed for the purposes of revenue, because it is expressly applied to commercial regulations ; and the most obvious preference which can be gi-yen to one port over another, in regulating commerce, relates to navigation. But the subsequent part of the sentence is still more explicit. It is, "nor shall vessels bound to or from one State, be obliged to ente-r,-clear, -orpay duties, in another." These words have a direct reference to navigation.
The universally acknowledged power of the
government to impose embargoes, must also be considered as showing, that all America is united

1824.
Gibbons
v. Ogden.

1 CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. v.
-Ogdm.

in that construction which comprehendsua'viga-
tion in the word commerce. Gentlemen have said, in argument, that this is a- branch of the war-making power, and that an embargo is an in-

strument of war, not a regulation of trade. Thati it may. be; and often is, used'as an instru-
.ment of war, cannot be denied. An embargo may be' imposed for the purpose of facilitating the equipment or manning of a flebt,, or for the
purpose of concealing the 'progress of an expedi"rion preparing to sail from a particular port. In. these,"and in similar cases, it is a military. instru*ent, and partake.s of the, nature of war. But all embargoes are not of this description., They are sometimes resorted tb without a view to wari and with- a single view:to commerce. -In such casban embargo is no moreoa war measure, than a merchantman .is a- ship of war, because, both are vessels which ,navigate the .Qcean. with, sails em seamen.
When Congress imp6sed thatembargo which; for a time, engaged theattention'of every mari- in, the United States, 'the avowed. object'of the "law was;.te.protection of commerce,-and the avoiding of war."' By its friends and its.*namio it, was treated as a commercial, not as awar measure, The persevering earnestness, and 'zeal with' which it-was opposed., in a part of our countryvwhich supposed its interests to be vitally affected by the act, cannot be forgotten. A want of acuteness in discovering objections to a measure to which t ey felt the most deep rooted hostility, will not be imputed to those who were arrayed in opposi-

'OFtHE U IED STATES

tion'to-this.- Yet they never suspected that navigation was no branch of trade, wad -was, therefore, not compreh.ended in the power -to regulate

1824. v.

commerce.- They did, indeed,, contest the con- ogde stitutionality of the act, but, on a principle which

admits the construction for vhich the appellant

contends. They denied that the particular law in question-was made in pursuance of-the consti-

tution; not.because the power could not act directly on vessels, but because a perpetual embargo was the annihilation, and not the regulation of com-

merce. In terms, they admitted the applic'ability

of the woirds used -in the constitution to vessels; and thati in a case which produced a degree and an extent of excitement, calculated to'draw forth every principle on which legitimate resistance

could be sustained. No example could more strongly- illustrate the universal understanding of

the American-people on this subject." . The word used in the constitution,, then, com-

prehends', and has been-always und rstood to comprehend,. navigation .within its meaning; and a power to regulate -navigation, 'is as -ekpressly

granted, as if that term had been added t. the

word " commerce."

The power t5

w

regulato cptu-

To What commerce .does this pthoispwoweer extetnndd?to ev, ".

The

constitution

informs

us,

to

commerce

"with

cmeesrciaolf

-
inter-

foreign nations, and- -among the several States, ctwoueersnetho~nbi,

-and with the Ind·i.an.tribes." ..

tfoedrelSgtla,ges annud

It has, we believe, " be"en-" un-i"versally admitted,,Mto"gthaesue9a04a,-,

tiat these words comprehend every species ofaist?, it

ommercial intercourse between the United States dbotundaroy pof a arj foreign nations... No sort of trade can be so..

VOL. IX.

25

194

CASES IN THE SUPREMIE COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

carried on between this-country and any other, to
which this power does not extend. It has been truly said, that commerce, as the word is used in the constitution, is a unit, every part of which is

indicated by the term.

If this bo the admitted meaning of the word,

in its application to foreign nations, it must carry

the same meaning throughout the .sentence, aid

remain a unit, unless there be some plain intelli-

gible cause which alters it.

The subject to which the power is next applied,

is to commerce "among the several Sttktes." The

word "among" means intermingled with. A thing

which is among others, is intermingled with them.

Commerce among the States, cannot stop at the

external boundary line of each State, but may be

introduced into the interior.

But it does It is not intended to say that these words corn-

not extend to

a cnmeme which is com-

prehend

that

cominerce,

which

is completely in-

pletely inter- ternal, which is carried on between man and man

nal.

in a State, or between different parts of the same

State, and which does not extend to or affect

other States. Such a power would be inconve-

nient, and is certainly unnecessary.

Comprehensive as the word "among" is, it may

very properly be restricted to that commerce which

concerns more States than one. The phrase is

not one which would probably have been selected

to indicate the completely interior, traffic of a

StaLe, because it is not an apt phrase for that pur-

pose; and the enumeration of the particular classes

if commerce,,to which the power was to be ex-

tended, wo'at n~t have been made,':had the inton-

OF THE UNITED STATES,

tion been to extend the- .power to every description. The enumeration presupposes something
not enumerated; and that something, if -we regard the language or the subject of the sentence,
must be'the exclusively internal commerce of a State. The genius and character of the whole government seem to be, that its action is to be applied to all-the external concerns of the nation, and to -those internal concerns which affect the States generally; but not to those which are completely within a particular State, which do not affect other States, and with which it is nQt necessary to interfere, for the purpose of executing some of the general powers of the government. The completely internal commerce of a State, then, may be considered as reserved for the State itself.
But, in regulating commerce .with foreign nations, the power of Congress does not stop at the jurisdictional lines of the several States. It would bea very useless power, if it could not pass those lines. The commerce of the United States with foreign nations, is that of the whole United States. Every district has a right 'to pirticipate in it. The 'deep streams which penetrat" our country in every direction, pass through ihe interior of almost every State in the Union, and furnish the means of exercising this right. If Congress has the power to regulate it, that lf6wer must be exercised whenever the subject exists. If it exists. within the States, if a foreign voyage may commence or terminate at a port within a State, then the power of Congress may be exercised within a Stat..,
This principle is, if possible, still more clear,when

1824. 1.G1ibbo' ns
v. Og&n.

196

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. applied to commerce '.ambng the several States."

Gibbons ~ They eitherjoin each other, in which case they.are

V. Ogden.

separated by a mathematical line, or they are remote from each other, in which case other States lie between them. What is commerce "am6ng"

them; and how is it to be conducted? Can a tra-

ding expedition between two adjoining States,

commence and terminate outside of each ? And

if the trading intercourse be between two States

remote from each other, mut it not commeoce in

one, terminate in the other, and probably pass

through a third? Commerce among the States

must, of necessity, be commerce with the States.

In the regulation of trade with the Indian tribes,

the action of the law, especially. when the consti-

tution was made, was chiefly within a State. The

power of Congress, then, whatever it may be, must

be exerbised within the territorial jurisdiction of

the several States. The sense of the nation on

this subject, is unequivocally manifested by the

provisioijs made in the laws for transporting goods,

by land, between Baltimore and Providence, be-

tween New-York and Philadelphia, and between

Philadelphia and Baltimore. We are now arrived at the inquiry-What is this
power ?
Thq power to pwr
reguate _oM- It is the power to regulate; that is, to prescribe ,a,and ha the rule by which commerce is to be governed.

11b.ut0lsu,ch,aistaaretiToh,i,s power, like all others vested in Congress, is

prescribed iacomplete in
the coustitu-

itself, may

be

exercised

to its

utmost

on itself. extent, and acknowledges no limitations, other

than are prescribed in the constitution. Theso are expressed in plain terms, and do not affect the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

197

questions which arise in this case, or which have been discussed at the bar. If, as has always been understood, the sovereignty of Congress, though limited to specified- objects, is plenary as to thos objects, the power over commerce with foreign nations, and -among the several States, is vested-in Congress as absolutely as it would, be in a single government, having in its-cohstitution the same restrictions on the exercise ofthe power as are found iWthe donstitution of the Unifed States. The wisdom and the discretion of Congress, their idlntity with the people, and the-influence which their constituents possess at elections, are, in this,.as in many other instances, as that, for exampte, of declaring war, the sole restraints on which they have relied, to secure them from its abuse. They are th restraints on which the people must often rely solely, in. all representative governments.
The power of Congress, then, comprehends navigation; within the limits of every State in the Union; so far as that navigation may be, in any manner, connected with "commerce with foreign nations, or among the several States, or with the Indihn tribes." It may, of consequence, pass the jurisdictional line of New-York, and act upon the very waters to which the prohibition now under consideration applies.
But it has been urged with great earnestness, that, although the power of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the -several States, be co-extensive with the subject itself, and have no other limits than are prescribed in the constitutiofi, vet the States may severally

1824.
Gibbons
V. Ogde.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. \
Gibbons
V. Ogden.

exercise the same power, within their respective jurisdictions. In support of this argument, it is
said, that they possessed it as an inseparable attribute of sovereignty, before the formation of tho

constitution, iind still retain it, except so far as

they have surrendered it by that instrument ; that

this principle results from the nature of the govern-

ment, and is secured by the tenth amendment;

that an affirmative grant of power is not exclusive,

urriess in its own nature it be such that the conti-

nued exercise of it by the former possessor is in-

consistent with the grant, ad that thi's is not of

that description.

The appellant, conceding these postulates, ex-

cept the last, contends, that full power to regu-

late a particular subject, implies the whole power,

and leaves no residuum; that a grant of the whole

is incompatible with the existence of a right in

another to any part of it.

Both parties have appealed to the constitution,

to legislative acts, and judicial decisions; and

have drawn arguments from all these sources, to

support and illustrate the propositions they re-

spectively maintain.

The power to: The grant of the power to lay and collect taxes

regulate con1-

mnerce, so far is like the power to regulate commerce, made in

as it extends,

r

ivsesteexdcliunsiCvoenly- general terms, and has never been understood to

gress, and .o interfere with the exercise of the same power by
patt of it can
be exercised the States; and hence has been drawn ani arguby a State. ment which has been applied to the question un-

der consideration. But the two grants are not, it is conceived, similar in their terms or their .nature. Although 'Many of the powers formerly

OF THE UNITED STATES.9

199

exercised by the States, are -transferred to the government of the Union, yet the State governmerits remain, and constitute a r o4t important part of our system. The power of taxation ii indispensabl.e to their existence, and is a power which, in its own nature, is capable of residing in, and being exercised by, different authorities at the same time. We are accustomed to see it placed, for different purposes, in different hands. Taxation is the simple operation- of taling small portions from a perpetually accumulating mass,
susceptible of almost infinite division; and a power in one to take what is necessary for certain purposes, is not, iin its nature, incompatible with a power in another to tak'e what is necessary for other purposes. -Congress is authorized to lay and collect taxes, &c. to pay the debts; and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. This does not interfere with the power of the States to tax for the support of their own governments; nor is the exercise of that power by the States, an exercise of any portion of the power that is granted to the United States. In imposing taxes for State purposes, they are not doing what Congress is empowered to do. Congress is not empowered to tax for those purposes which are within the exclusive province of the States. When, then, each governmeat exercises the power of taxation, neither is exercising the power of the other. But, when a State proceeds to regulate commerce with foreign nations, or among the several States, it is exercising the very power that is granted to Congress,

1824.
'*G- ibbons
V. Ogdw.

200

CASES IN THE SUPREME- COURT

1824. and is doing -thevery thing which Congress is au.G4i-b-bon,s - thorized to do.. There is 'no analoggyy,p then, be-
V. tween the power of taxation and the power of Ogden. regulating commerce.
In di scussing the question, whether this power is still in !he States, in the case under consideration, we may dismiss from it the inquiry, whether it is surrendered by the mere grant to Congress, or is retained until Congress shall exercise the power. We may dismiss that inquiry, because it has been exercised, and the .regulations which Congrebs deemed it proper to make, are now in full operation. The sole question is,'can a State regttlate commerce with fpreign nations and among the States, while Congress is tegulating it?
The counsel for the respondent answer this question in the affirmative, and rely very much- on the restrictions in the 10th section, as. supporting their opinion. They say, very truly, that limitations of a power, iurnish a strong arguinent in favour of the'existence of that power, and that the section which prohibits the States from laying duties on imports or exports, proves that this power might have been exercised, had it not been expressly forbidden; and, consequently, that any
other commercial regulation, not expressly forbidden,, to which the original power of the State was competent, may still be made.
That this restriction shows the opinion of the Convention, that a State might impose duties on exports and imports, if not expressly forbidden, will be conceded; but That it ollows as a cohise-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

quence, from this concession, that a State may regulate commerce with foreign natibns and among the States, cannot be admitted.
We must first-iletermine whether the act of laying "duties or imposts.on imports or exports," is considered in the constitution as a branch of the taxing power, or of the power to regulate commerce. We think it very clear, thit it is considered as a branch of the taxing power. It is so treated in the first clause of the 8th section: "Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes. duties, imposts, arid excises;" and, before commercee is mentioned, the rule by which the exer6ise of this power must be governed, is declared, It is, that all duties, imposts, and excises, shall be uniform. In a separate clause' of the enumeration, the power to regulate commerce is given, as being entirely distinct from the right to levy taxes and imposts, and as being a new power, not before cotiferred. The constitution, then, considers these powers as substantive, and distinct from each other; and so - places them in the enumeration it contaiis. - The power of imposing duties on imports is classed with the power to levy taxes, and that seems to be its natural place. But the power to levy taxes could never be considered as abridging the right of the States on that subject; and they might, consequently, have exercised it Iy levying duties on. imports or exports, had- the constitution contained no prohibition on this subject. This prohibition, then, is an exception from the acknowledged power of the States

1824.
Gibbans
V.
Ogdeni

VoL. L.

CASES IN THE. SUPREME COURT

1824.
'
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

to levy taxes, not from the questiopable power to regulate commerce.
"A duty of tonnage" is 'as much a tax, as a duty on imports or exports; and. the reason which

induced the prohibition of those taxes, extends to this also. This tax may be imposed by a State, with the consent of Congress; and it may be admitted, that Congress cannot give a right to a State, in virtue of its own powers. But a duty of tonnage being part of the power of imposing taxes, its prohibition may certainly be made to depend on Congress, without affording any implication respecting a power to regulate commerce. It is true, that duties may often be, and in fact often are, imposed on tonnage, with a view to the regulation of commerce; but they may be also imposed with a view to revenue; and it was, therefore, a prudent precaution, to prohibit the States frbm exercising this power. The idea- that the same measure might, according to circumstan.ces, be arranged with different classes of power, was no novelty to the framers of our constitution. Those illustrious statesmen and patriots had.been, many of them, deeply engaged in the discussions which preceded the war of our revolutioni and all of them were well read in those discussions. The right to regulate commerce, even by the imposition of duties, was not controverted; but the right to impose a duty for the purpose of revenue, produced a war as important, perhaps, in its consequences to the human race, as any the world has ever witnessed.
These restrictions, then, are on the taxingpower,

QF THE UNITED STATE,

20*3

not on that to regulate commerce; and presuppose 1824.

the existence of that which they restrain, not of
that which they do not purport to restrain. But, the inspection laws are said to be regula-

Gibbons
Ogden.

tions of commerce, an· d are certainly recognised in spectsio,,nt lawinr, -

the

constitution,

as

being

passed

in

the

exercise

of

health lrw,
nii laws for

a power remaining with the States.

reulaing the

That inspection laws may have a, remote and ,noce of a

considerable influence on commerce, will not be those .,ih

denied ; but that a power to regulate commerce is pike'nct, f'r-

the source from which the right to pass them is not wt*. the

derived, cannot be admitted. The object of in- PtoowCeornggrensts.ea

spection laws, is to improve, the quality of articles

produced by tJie'labour of a country; to fit them

for exportation; or, it may be, for domestic use.

They act upon the subject before it becomes an

article of foreign commerce, or ofcomuicrce among

the States, and prepare it for that purpose. They

form a portion of that immense mass of legislation,

which embraces every thing within the territory of

a State, not surrendered to the general govern-

ment: all which can be most advantageously exer-

cised by the States themselves. Inspection laws,

quarantine laws, health laws of every description,

as well as laws for regulating the internal com-

merce of a State, and those which respect turn-

pike roads, ferries, &c., are component parts of

this mass.

No direct general power over these objects is

granted to-Congress ; and, consequently, they re-

main subject to State legislation. If the legisla-

tive power of the Union can reach them, it must

be for national purposes; it must be where the

. t04 1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
power is expressly given for a speoial purpose, or
is clearly incidental to some power which is expressly. given. It is obvious, that the government of the Union, in the exercise of.its express powers,
that, for example, of regulating commerce with foreign nations and among the States, mayqse means that may also be employed by a State, in! the exercise of its acknowledged- powers; that, for example, of regulating commerce within the State. If Congress license vessels to sail from one port to another, in the same State, the act is supposed to be, necessarily, incidental to the power expressly granted to Congress, and implies no claim of a direct power to regulate the purely internal codimerce-of a State, or to act directly on its system of police.. So, if a State, in passing laws, on subjects' acknowledged to be within its control, and with a view to those subjects, shall adopt a measure of the same character with one which Congress may adopt, it does not derive its authority from the particular power which has been granted, but from some other, which remains.with the State, and may be executed by the same means. All experience shows, that the same measures, or measures scarcely distinguishable from each other, may flow from distinct powers; but this does not prove that the powers themselves are identical. Although the means used in their execution may sometimes approach each other so nearly as to be confounded, there are other situations in which they are sufficieInntloyurdistinct to establish their individuality.
complex system,.presenting the rare and difficult scheme of one general government, whose

OF THE UNITED STATES.

205

action extends over the whole, but which possesses only. certain enumerated powers; and of nudierous State governinents, which retain and extercise all powers not delegated to the Union, contests-respecting p9wer must arise. Were it eVen otherwise, the measures taken by the respective governments to execute their acknowledged pdwers, would often be of the same descrilition, and might, sometimes, interfere. This, however, d6es not: prove that the one is exercising, or has a right to exercise, the powers of the other.
The acts of Congress, pass.ed in 1796 and 1799," empowering and directing the officers of the general government to. conform to, and assist in the execution of the quarantine and health laws of a State, proceed, it is said, upon the idea that these laws are constitutional. It is undoubtedly true, that they do proceed upon that idea; and the constitutionality of such laws has never, so fat as we are informed, been denied. But they do not. imply an acknowledgment that a State may rightfully regulate commerce with foreign nations, or among the States; for they do not imply that such laws are an exercise of that power, or enacted with a view to it. On the contrary, they ate treated as quarantine and health laws,'are io deno~ainated in the acts of Congress, and ar" considered as flowing from the acknowledged power of a State, to provide for the health of its citizens. But, as it was apparent that-some of the provisions made for this purpose, and in virtue of this power, might

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

a 2 U.S. L. p. 545. 3 6. S.L.p. 126.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. interfere with, and be affected by the laws of the

GibbonnsUnited

States, made for the regulation of com-

V. merce, Congress, in that spirit of harmony and Ogden. conciliation, which ought always to characterize

the conduct of governments standing in the relation which that of the Union and those of the States bear to each other, has directed its officers to aid in the execution of these laws; and has, in some measure, adapted its own legislathn to this object, by making provisions in aid of those ofthe States. But, in making these provisions, the opinion is unequivocally manifested, that Congress may control the State laws, so far as it may be necessary to control them, for the regulation of commerce.
The act passed in 1803," prohibiting the importation of slaves into any State which shall itself prohibit their importation, implies, it is said, an admission that the States possessed the power to exclude or admit them; from which it-is inferred, that they possess the same power with respect to other articles.
If this inference were correct; if this power was exercised, not under any particular clause in the constitution, but in virtue of a general right over the subject of commerce, to exist as long as the constitution itself, it nMight now be exercised. Any State might now import African slaves into its own territory. But it is obvious, that the power of the States over this subject, previous to the year. 1808, constitutes an exception to the power of

a 3 U. S. L. p. 529.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Congress to regulate commerce, and the exception is expressed in such words, as to manifest clearly
the intention to continue the pre-existing right of the States to admit or exclude, for a limited period. The words.are, " the migration or importation of such persons as any of the States. now existing, shall think proper to admit, shall e pro ited by the Congress prior to the year 1.,08. Phe whole object of the exception is, to preserve the power to those States which might be disposed to
exercise iL; and its language seems to the Court to convey this idea unequivocally, The possession of this particular power, then, during the time limited in the constitution, cannot be admitted to prove the possession of any other similar power.
It has been said, that the act of August 7, 1789, acknowledges a concurrent power in the States to. regulate the conduct of pilots, and hence is inferred an admission of their concurrent right with Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and amongst the States. But this inference is not, we think, justified-by the fact.
Although Congress cannot enable a State to legislate, Congress may adopt the provisions of a Stafe on any subject. When the govqrnment of the Union was brought into existence, it found a system for the regulation of its pilots in full force in every State. The act which has been mentioned, adopts this system, and gives it the same validity as if its provisions had been specially made by Congress. But the act, it may be said, is prospective also, and the adoption of laws to be made

1824.
Gibbons
v. O'd O.

1824. Gibb-o-n
V.
ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in future, presupposes the right in the maker tolegislate on the subject.
The act unquestionably manifests an intention to leave this subject entirely to the States; until Congress should think proper to interpose; but the very enactment of such a law indicates an opinion that it was necessary; that the existing system would not be applicable to the new state of things, unless expressly applied to it by Congress. But this section is confined to pilots within the "bays, inlets, rivers, harbours, and ports of the United States," which arej of course, in whole or in part, also within the limits of some particular state. The acknowledged power of a State to regulate its police, its domestic trade, and to govern its own citizens, may erjable it to legislate on this subject, to a considerable extent; and the adoption of its system by Congress, and the application of it to the whole subject of commerce, does not seem to the Court to imply a right in the States so to apply it of their own authority. Buit the adoption of the State system being temporary, being only "until -further legislative provision shall be made by Congress," shows, conclusively, an opinion that Congress could control the whole subject, and might adopt the system of the States, or provide one of its own.
A State, it is said, or even a private citizen, may construct light houses. But gentlemen must be aware, that if this proves a power in a State to regulate commerce, it proves that the same power is in the citizen. States, or individuals who own lands, may, if not forbidden by law,

OF THEUNITED STATE.S

209

erect-on those lands what buildings theyplease but this power is entirely -distinct from that of regulating commerce, and may, we presum, be restrained, if exercised go as.to produce a public

1824..
Oibbonr
v.
Ogden..

mischief.

These acts were cited at the bar for the pur-

pose of showing an opinion in Congress, that the States possess, concurrently with the Legislature

of the Union, 'the power to regulate commerce

with foreign nations and among the States. Upon

reviewing them, we think they do not establish

the proposition they were intended to prove.

They show the opinion, that the States retain

powers enabling them to pass the laws to which

allusion has been made, not that those laws pro-

ceed from the particular power which has been

delegated to Congress.

It has been contended by the counsel for the

appellant, that, asf the word "to regulate" implies

in its-nature, full power over the thing to be regu-

lated, it excludes, necessarily,, the action of all

others that would perform the same operation on

the same.thing. That'regulation is designed for

the entire result, applying to those parts which re-

main as they were, as vell as"to those which are

altered. It produces a uniform whole, which is.

as much disturbed and deranged by changing

what -the. regulating power designs to leave un-

touched, as that on which it has operated.

..There isg"reat force in this arguhent, .and.the

Court is riot satisfied. that it has been.refuted.

-.Since, however, 'in exercising te power of re-

gulating their own purely internal affaits, whether

VOL. IX.

27

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. of trading or police, the States may sometimes

Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

enact laws, the validity of which depends on their interfering with, and being contrary to, an act of Congress passed in pursuance of the constitution,

N. TYh.egrlaanwtsinogf the Court will enter upon the inquiry, whether the toR.R.L.and laws of New-York, as expounded by the highest
R. F. the ex-
clusive rightthoef tribunal of that State, have, in their application
navigating
wStaatteers of thwavtithto this case, come into collision with an act of

,atreearin colbliosaioins, Congress, and deprived a citizen of a right to with the acts which that act entitles him. Should this collision

of Congress
regulating the exit, it

will

be

immaterial

whether

those laws

coastingtradove.e passed in. virtue of a concurrent power

which being

made in pur-,, to replate commerce with foreign nations and

suance of the

constituton, among the several States," or, in virtue of a power

and the State to regulate their domestic trade and police. In
laws must
yield to that one case and the other, the acts of New-York
supremacy,
even though must yield to the law of Congress; and the deoi-

nt isuanesoufsptaniwn-inSgonthe privilege they confer, against

CIs acknow-

by-

ledged to re- a right given by a law of the Union, must be

States. main in the erroneous.

This opinion has been frequently expressed in

this.C6urt, and is founded, as well on the nature

of the government as on the words of the constir tution. In argument, however, it has beenicon-

tended, that if a law passed by a State, in the -exercise of its acknowledged sovereignty, comes into conflict with a law passed by Congress in pursuance of the constitution, they affect the subject, and each other, like equal dpposing powers.
But the framers of our constitution foresaw this. state of things, and provided for it, by declaring the supremacy not only-of itself, but of the laws tnade in parsuance of it. The nullity of 'any net,

QF THL UNITED STATES.

211

inconsistent with the constitution, is produced by the declaration, that the constitution is- the supreme law. The appropriate application of that part of the clause which confers the same supremacy on laws and treaties, is to such acts of the
State-Legislatures as do not transcend theirpowers, but, though enacted in the execution of acknowledged State powers, interfere with, or are contrary to the laws of Congress, made in pursuance of the constitution, or some treaty made under. .the authority of the United States. In every such case, -the act of Congress, or the treaty, is supreme; and the law of the State, though enacted in the exercise of powers not controverted, must yield to it. . In pursuing this inquiry at the bar, it has been
said, that the constitution does not confer the right of intercourse between State and State. That right derives its source from those laws whose authority is acknowledged by civilized man throughout the world. This is true. The constitution found it an existing right, and gave to Congress the power to regulate it. In the exercise of this power, Congress has-passed "an act for enrolling or licensing ships or vessels to be employed in the coasting trade and fisheries, and for regulating the same." The counsel for the respondent-contend,
that this Aot -does not give the right to sail from port to port, but confines'itself to regulating a pre-existing right,- so far only as to confer certain privileges on enrolled and licensed vessels in its exercise.
it will at.once occur; that, wheh a Legislature

1824.
Gibbons O. Ogdeu,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gib bons
v.
Ogden.

attaches certain privileges and exemptions to the
exercise of a right over which its control is absolute, the law must imply a power to exercise the right. The privileges tre gone, if the right itself

be annihilated. It would be contrary to all reason, and to the course of human affairs, to say that a State is unable to strip a vessel of the particular privileges attendant on the exercise of' a right, and yet may annul the right itself; that the State of New-York cannot preyent an enrolled uind licensed vessel, proceeding from Elizabethtown, in New-Jersey, to New-York, from enjoying, in her course, and on her entrance into p.ort, all, the privileges conferred by the act of Congress; l'ut can shut her up in her own port, and prohibit altogether her entering the waters and ports of another State. To the Court it seems very clear, that the whole act on the subject of the coasting trade,
according to those principles which govern the construction of statutes, implies, unequivocally, an authority to licensed vessels to carry on the coasting trade. Alicence n- But we will proceed briefly to notice those sec-
Ctngrss for tions which bear more directly on the subject.
regulating tho
cgoivaesstinagptreardme,svi Thretefifrst section declares, that vessels enrolled tlopr.y y virtue of a previous law, and certain other ves-
on that trade. sels, enrolled as described in that act, and having

a!'cense in force, as is by the act required, "and no others, shall be deemed ships or vesseld of the United States, entitled to the privileges of ships or vessels employed in the coasting trade."
This section seems to the Court to contain a positive enactment, that the vessels it describes shall

OF THE UNITED STATES.

213

be entitled to the privileges of ships Dr vessblsem- 1824. ployed in the coasting trade. Thesd privileges Gibbons cannot be separated from the trade, and cannot be V. enjoyed, unless the trade may be.prosecuted. The Ogden. grant of the privilege is an :idle, empty form, conveying nothing, unless it convey the right to which the-privilege is attached, and. in the exercise of which its whole value consists. To construe these words otherwise:than ad entitling the ships or vessels described, to carry on the coasting trade, wbild be, we think; to disregard*the apparent intent of the act.
The fourth section directs the proper officer to grant to a vessel qualified to receiv& it, "a license for carrying on the coasting trade;" and prescribes its form.. After reciting the compliance of the applicant Vith the previous requisites of.the law, the operative words of the instrument are, 'license is hereby granted for the said steam:-boai, Bellona, to be :employed in carrying on the coasting trade for one year from the date hereof, and 'no longer."
These are not the words of the officer; they are the words-of the legislature- and convey as explicitly the .authority the act intended to give, and operate as effectually, as if they had been inserted inr-any other.part ofthe act; than in the license it-
self., Ihe:word "license," means permission, or au-
thority; and a license td do any particular- thing; is a.permission or-authority to do that thing; and ifgraited by a person having power to grant it, transfers to ihe grantee the right to do whatever it purports to authori'e. It certainly transfers to

214

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

him all the right which the grantor can transfer, to do what is within the terms of the license.
Would the validity or effect of such an instrument be questioned by the respondent, if executed

by persons claiming regularly under the laws of

New-York ?

The license must be understood to be what it

purports to be, a legislative authority to the steam-

boat Bellona, "to be employed in carrying on the

coasting trade, for one year from this date."

It has been denied that these words authorize a

voyage from New-Jersey to New-York. It is true,

that no ports are specified ; but it is equally true,

that the words used are perfectly intelligible, and

do confer such authority as unquestionably, as if

the ports had been mentioned. The coasting trade

is a term well understood. The law has defined

it; and all know its meaning perfectly. The act

describes, with great minuteness, the various ope-

rations of a vessel engaged in it; and it cannot, we

think, be doubted, that a voyage from New-Jersey

to New-York, ib.one of those operations.

The license Notwithstanding the decided language of the

is not merely

intended to license, it has also been maintained, that it gives

confer the na-

tional charac- no right to trade; and that its sole purpose is to

ter.

confer the American character.

The answer given to this argument, that the

American character is conferred by the enrolment,

and not by the license, is, we think, founded too

clearly in'the words of the law, to require the sup-

port of any additional observations. The enrol-

ment of vessels designed for the coasting trade,

corresponds precisely with the registration of ves-

DF THE UNITED STATES.

215

sels designed for the foreign trade, and requires 1824. every circumstance which can constitute the Ame- Gibbons rican character, The license can be granted only v. to vessels already dnrolled, if they be of the bur- Ogden.
then oftwenty tons and upwards; and requires no circumstance essential to the American character. The object of the license, then, cannot be to ascertain the character of the vessel, but to do what it professes to do-that"is, to dive permission to a vessel already proved by hr enrolment to be
Americqn, to carry on the coasting trade. But, ifthe licensebeapermit to carry on-' the coast- of Threeguplaotwinerg
ing trade, the respondent denies that these boats commerce exwere engaged in that trade, or that the decree un- gation caried tends to navl-
on by vessels
der consideration has restrained them from pro- exclusively secuting it. The boats of the appellant were, we fnlting are told, employed in the transportation of passen- passngers.
gers ; and this is no part of that commerce which
Congress may regulate. If, as our whole course of legislation on this sub-
ject shows, the power of Congress has been universally understood in America, to comprehend
navigation, it is a very persuasive, if not a conclusive argument, to prove .that the Construction is correct; and, ifit be correct, no clear distinction is perceived between the power to regulate vessels employed in transporting men for hire, and property for hire. The subject is transferred to Congress, and no exception to the grnt can be admitted, which is not proved by the words or the nature of the thing. A coasting vessel employed in the transportation of passengers, is as much a portion of the American marine, as one employed

1824.
v.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
in the transportation of a cargo ; .and no e'eason is perceived why such vessel shodld be withdrawn from the regulating power of that government, which has been thought best fitted for the purpose generally. The provisions of the law respecting native seamen, and respecting ownership, are as applicable to vessels carrying men, as to vessels carrying manufactures; and no reason is perceived why the power over the subject should not be placdd in the same hands. The argument urged at the bar, rests, on the foundation, that the power of Congress does not extend to .navigation,. as a branch of commerce, and can only be applied to that subject incidentally and occasionally. But if that foundation be removed, we must show some. plain, intelligible distinction, support6d by the constitution, or.by reason, for discriminating between the power of Congress over vessels employed in navigating the same seas. We can perceive no such distinction.
If we refer to the constitution, the inference to be drawn from it.is rather against the distinction. The section which restrains Congress from prohibiting the migration or ,mportation.of such persons as any 6f the States may think proper to admit, until the year 1808, has always been considered as an exception from the power to regulate commerce, and certainly seems to class migration with importation. Migration applies as appropriate-ly to voluntary, as importation does to invo'luntary, arrivals *;and, so far as an exception from a power proves its existence, this section proves that the power to regulate commerce applies equal-

OF THE UNITED STATE.

2171

ly to the regulation of vessels employed in trans-

porting men, who pass from place to place volun-

tarily, and to those who pass involuntarily. If the power reside in Congress, as a portion

of the general grant to regulate commerce, then

acts applying that power to vessels generally,

must be construed as comprehending all vessels.

If none appear to be excluded by the language of

the act, none can be excluded by construction.

Vessels have always been employed to a greater

or less extent in the transportation of passengers,

and have never been supposed to be, on that ac-

count, withdrawn from the control or protection

of Congress. Packets which ply along the coast,

as well as those which make voyages between

Europe and America, consider the transportation

of passengers as an important part of their busi-

ness. Yet it has never been suspected that the

general laws of navigation did not applr to them.

The duty act, sections 23 and 46, contains pro-

visions respecting passengers, and shows, that

vessels which transport them, have the same.rights,

and must perform the same duties, with other

vessels. They are governed by the general laws

of navigation.

In the progress of things,, this seems to have

grown into a particular employment, and to have

attracted the particular attention of government.

Congress was no longer satisfied vith compre-

hending vessels engaged specially in this business,

within those provisions which were -intended for

vessels generally; and, on the 2d of ]Aarch, 1819.

passed "an act regulating passenger ships and

VWL. IX.

28

1824.
'-Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

118

"CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. vessels." This wise and humane- law provides Gib"bons for. the safety and comfort of passengers, and for
V..the communication of every thing concerning Ogden. them which may iiterest the government, to the
Department of State, but makes no provision con-

cerning the entry of the vessel, or her conduct 'in the waters of the United States. This, we think, shows .conclusively the sense of Congress, (if, indeed, any evidence to that point could be -re-. quired,) that the pre-existing regulations comprehended passenger ships among others; and, in prescribing the same -duties, the Legislature must have considered them as possessing the same
,sights. If; theft, it were even true, that the'Bellona and
the Stoudinger were employed exclusively in the ooiiveyance of passengers between New-York and New-Jersey, it-would not follow tht this occupation did not constitute a part of the casting trade of the United States, and was not pr6tected by the license annexed to the answer. But we cannot 'perceive how the occupation of thete vessels can be drawn into question, in the casebefore the Court. The liws of New-York, which grant the exclusive privilege set up by the respondent, take no notice of the employment of vessels, and reWae oflly to the principle by which they are propalled. , Those. laws do not inquire whether vessels are engaged in transporting men or merchan-
dise, but whether they are moved by steam or wind. If by the former, the waters of NewYork are- closed. against them, though their cargoes be dutiable goods, wbich the laws of the

U THE UNITED STATES.

21L9

United States permit them to enter and deliver in 1824.

New-York. If by the laytter, those waters are Gibbons

free to them, though they should carry passengers V. only. In conformity with the law, is the bill of Ogden.

the plaintiff in tlie State Court. The bill does

not complain that the Bellona and the Stoudinger

carry passengers, but that they are moved by

steam. This is the injury of which he complains,

and is the sole injury against the continuance of

which he asks relief. The bill does not even

allege, specially, that those vessels were employed

in the transportation of passengers, but says, ge-

nerally, that they were employed " in the trans-

portation of passengers, or otherwise." The

answer avers, only, that they were employed in

the coasting trade, and insists on the right to carry

on any trade authorized by the license. No tes-

timony is -taken, and the writ of injunction and

decree restrain these licensed vessels, not from car-

rying passengers, but from being -moved through

the waters of New-York by steam, for any pur-

pose whatever.

The questions, then, whether the conveyance of

passengers be a part of the coasting trade, and

whether a vessel can be protected in that occupa-

tion by a coasting license, are not, -andcanniot be.

raised in this case. The real and sole question The powe, seems to be, whether a steam machine, in actual ofr egulahbg use. deprives a·vssel of the privileges conferred ,seles dpsrtopoevllesd-

by a license.

by ste6a or

fire, as well as

In considering this question, the first idea which to those navi-

gated by the

presents itself, is, that the laws of Congress for instruentall-

t.1he regulatioi..of commleice, do not-look to lhe tiay iof. vind an

220
1824.
.b
.V.
Ogde.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
principle by which vessels ate moved.- That sub-, ject is left entirely to individual discretion; and, in that vast. and complex system of legislative enactment concerning it, which embraces every
thing that the Legislature thought it necessary to notice, there is not, we believe, one word respecting the peculiar principle by which vessels are -propelled through the water, except what may be found in a single act, granting a particular privilege to steam boats.-. With this exception, every act, either prescribing duties, o" granting privileges, applies to everyyessel, whether nayjgated by the instrumentality of wind or fire, of sdils or machinery. The whole weight of proof, then, is thrown. upon him who would introduce a distinction to which the words .of.the law give no coun-
tenance. If a real difference could 'be admitted to exist
between vessels carrying passengers.and others, it has already been observed, that there i6 no fact in this case which can bring ul that question. And, if the occupation of steam boats be. a matter of .such gneral notoriety, that the Court. may be presumed to kn w it,. although not specially informed by- the record, then we deny that the transportation of passengers is their exclusive occupation. , It is a matter of..general history, that, in our western waters, Their principal employment is the transport0ion of merchandise; and all knbw, that in the waters ox' the Atlantic they are frequently so employed.
But all inquiry iqto this subject seems to the Court to be put completely*at rest, by the act. al-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

ready mentioned, entitled, " An act for the enrol- 1824

ling and licensing of steam boats."

kGCibbboWns

This act authorizes a steam boat employed, or v. intended to be employed,' only in a river or bay Ogden.

of the United States, owned wholly or in part by an alien, resident within the United States, to be enrolled and licensed as if the same belonged to a citizen of the United States.

This act demonstrates the opinion of Congress, that steam boats may be enrolled and licensed, in common with vessels using sails. They are, of course, entitled to the same privileges, and can no more be restrained from navigating waters, and entering ports which are free to such vessels,

than if they were wafted on their voyage by the winds, instead of being propelled by the agency
of fire. The one element may be as legitimately

used as the other, for every commercial purpose authorized by the laws of the Union; and the act of a State inhibiting the use of either to any vessel having a license under the act of Congress.

comes, we think, in direct collision with that act. As this decides the cause, it is unnecessary to
enter in an examination of that part of the constitution which empowers Congress to promote the progress of science and the useful arts.
The Court is aware that, in stating the train of reasoning by which we have been conducted to this result, -much time has been consumed in-the attempt to demonstrate propositions which may

have been thought axioms. It is felt that the tediousness inseparable from the endeavour to prove that vhich is already clear is imputable to

2r.,

CASES IN THE SUPRED19 COURT

1824. a considerable part of this opinion. But it was
Gibbons unavoidable. The conclusion to which we have V. come, depends on. a chain of principles which it
Ogde'. was necessary to preserve unbroken;. and, al-

though some of them were thought nearly selfevident, the magnitude of the question, the weight of character belonging to those from whose judgment we dissent, and the argument at the bar, demanded that we should assume nothing.
Powerful and ingenious minds, taking, as postulates, that the powers expressly granted to the government of the Union, are to be contracted by construction, into the narrowest possible compass, and that the original powers of the States are retained, if any possible construction will retain them, may, by a course of well digested, but refined and metaphysical 'reasoning, founded on. these premises, explain away the constitution of our country, and leave it, a magnificent structure, indeed, to look at, but totally unfit for use. They may so entangle and perplex the understanding, as to obscure principles, which were before thought quite plain, and induce doubts where, if the mind were to pursue its own course, none would be per, ceived. In such a case, it is peculiarly necessary to recur to safe and fundamental principles to sustain those principles, and, when sustained, to make them the tests of the arguments to be examined.

Mr. Justice JOHNsoN. The judgment entered by the Court in this cause, has my ehtire approbation ; but having adopted my conclusions on views

OF THE UNITED STATES.
of the subject materially different from those of my brethren, I feel it incumbent on me to exhibit those views. I have, also, another inducement: in questions of great impoitance and great delicacy, I feel my duty .to the public best -discharged, by an effort to maintain my opinions in my own way.
In attempts to construe the constitution, I have never found much benefit resulting from the inquiry, whether the whole, or any part of it, is to be construed strictly, or literally. The simple, classical, precise, yet comprehensive language, in which it is couthedi leaves, at most, but very little latitude for construction; and when its intent and meaning is discovered, nothing remains but to execute the will of those who made it, in the best manner to effect the purposes intended. The great and paramount purpose, was to unite this mass of wealth and power, for the protection of the humblest individual; his rights, civil and political, his interests and proiperity, are the sole end; the rest are nothing but the-means . But the principal of those means, one so essential as to approach nearer the characteristics of an end, was the independence and harmony of thie States, that they may the better subserve the purposes of cherishing and protecting the respective families of this great republic.
The strong sympathies, rather than the feeble government, which bound the States together du*rng a common war, -dissolved on the return of 1peace; and-the very principles which gave rise to the war of 'the revolution, began to threaten the

22 3
1824.
Gibbo=
V.
Ogdei.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
'
Gibbons
v. O00den

confederacy with anarchy and ruin. The States had resisted a tax imposed by the parent State, and now reluctantly submitted to, or altogether rejected, the moderate demands of the confederation.
Every one recollects the painful and threatening discussions, which arose on the subject of the five per cent. duty. Some States rejected it altogether; others insisted on collecting it themselves; scarcely any acquiesced without reservations, which deprived it altogether of the character of a national measure; and at lngth, some repealed the laws by which they had signified their acquiescence.
For a century the States had submitted, with murmurs, to the commercial restrictions imposed by the parent State; and now, finding themselves in the. unlimited posseision of those powers over their own commerce, which they had do long
been deprived of, and so earnestly coveted, that selfish principle which, well controlled, is so balutary, and which, unrestricted, is so unjust and ty-
rannical, guided by inexperience and jealousy, began to show itself in iniquitous laws and impolitic measures, from which grew up a conflict of coinmercial regulations, destructive to the harmony of the States, and fatal to their commercial interests .abroad.
T1his wa the immediate cause,, that led to thr forming of.a convention.
As.early as 1778i the subject had been pressed upon the" attention of Congresb, by a memorial from the State of New-Jersey; and in 1781, we find a resolution presented to that body, byonq of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

M

the most ehlighteped men of his dayo affirming, that ;'itis indispensably necessary, that the United States, in Congress assembled, should bevested with a right .of superintending the commercial regulations of every-State, that none may take place that shall be partial or contrary to "the common interests." The resolution of Virginia,b appointing her commissioners, to meet commissioners from other States, expresses their.purpose to be, "to take into consideration the trade of the United States,. to consider. how far an uniform system in their commercial regulations, may be necessary to their common interests and their permanent harmony." - And Mr. Madison's resolution, which led to that measure, is introduced by a preamble entirely explicit to this point : "Whereas, the relative situation of the United States has been found, on trial, to require uniformity in their commercial regulations, as the only effectual policy for obtaining, in the ports of foreign nations, a stipulation of privileges reciprocal to those enjoyed by the subjects of such nations in the ports of the United States, for preventing animosities, which cannot fail to arise among the several States, from the interference of partial and separate regulations," &c. "therefore, resolved," &c.
The history of the times will, therefore, sustain the opinion, that the grant *ofpower over commerce, if intended to be comniensurate with the evils existing, and the purpose of remedying those

1824.
V.
Ogden.

a Dr. Withspoon. b January21, 1786.

YOL. IX.

29

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibboonfs
v.
Ogden.

evils, could be only commensurqte with the power the States over th subject. And this opinion
is supported by'a very remarkable evidence of the general understanding of the whole American peo-
ple, when the grant was made. There was not a State in the Union, in which
there did not, at that time, exist a variety of commercial regulations; concerning which it is too much to suppose, that the whole ground covered by those regulations was immediately assumed by actual legislation, under the authority of the Union. But where was the existing statute on this subject, that a State attempted to execute? or by What State was it ever thQoght necessary to rdpeal those statutes? By common consent, those laws dropped lifeless from their statute books, for want of the sustaining power, that had been relinquished to Congress.
And the plain and direct import of the words of the grant, is corsistent with this general understanding.
The words of the constitution are, "Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with fo-reign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes."
It is not material, in my view of the subject, to inquire whether the article .a or the should be pre.fixed to the word "power." Either, or neither, will produce the same result: ifeither, it is clear that the article the would be the proper one, since the next preceding grant of power is certainly oxclusive, to wit: " to borrow money on the credit

OF THE UNITED STATES.

22 7

of the United States." But mere verbal criticism 1824.

I reject.

,G.iObbVo-ns%b

My opinion is founded. on the application of the V.

words of the grant to the subject of it.

Ogden.

The "power to regulate commerce," here meant

to be granted, was that power to regulate com-

merce which previously existed in the States. But

what was that power? The States were, unques-

tionably, supreme; and each possessed that power

over commerce, which is acknowledged to reside

in every sovereign State. The definition and li-

mits of that power are to be sought among the

features of international law; and, as it was not

only admitted, but insistedon by both parties, in

argument, that, "unafected by a state of war, by

treaties, or by municipal regulations, all com-

merce among.independentStates'was legitimate,"

there is no necessity to appeal to the oracles of

the jus commune for the correctness of that doe-

trine. The law of nations, regarding man as a

social animal, pronounces all commerce legitimate

in a state of peace, until prohibited by positive

law. The power of a sovereign state over com-

merce, therefore, amounts to nothing more than a

power to limit and restrain it at pleasure. And

since the power to prescribe the limits to its free-

dom, necessarily implies the'power to determine

what shall remain Nnrestrained, it follows, that the

power must be exclusive; it can reside but in one

potentate; and hence, the grant of this power car-

ries with it the whole subject, leaving nothing for

the State to act upon.

And such has been the practical construction of

2N3

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. the act. Were every law on the subject of con
Gibbonssmerce repealed to-morrow, all commerce wou] V. be lawful; and, in practice, merchants never ii
Ogden. quire what is permitted, but what is forbidde

commerce. Of all the endless variety of branch(
of foreign commerce,, now carried on to evei quarter of the world, I know of no one that permitted by act of Congress. any otherwise thE by not being forbidden. N4 statute of the Unit( States, that I know of, -was ever passed to pern a commerce, unless in consequence of its havir been prohibited by some previous statute.
I speak not here of the treaty making powc for that is not exercised under the grant now und 3onsideration. I confine my observation to la,, properly so called. And even where freedom commercial intercourse is made a subject of stip lation in a treaty, it is generally with a view the removal of some previous restriction; or t introduction of some new privilege, most ft quently, is identified with the return to a state peace. But another view of the subject lea directly to the same conclusion. Power to reg late foreig commerce, is given in the same wore and in the same breath, as it were, with that oi the commerce of the States and with the Indi tribes. But the power to regulate joreignco: merce is necessarily exclusive. The States t unknown* to foreign nations; their sovereign exists only with relation to each other and I general government. Whatever regulations reign commerce should be subjected to in the po of the Union, the general government would

OF THE UNITED STATES.

2-2

held iesponsible for them; and all other regulations, but those--which Congress had imposed, would be regarded by foreign nations as trespasses and violations of national faith and comity.
But the language which grants the power as to one description of rommerce, grants it as to all; and, in fact, if ever the exercise of a right, or acquidscence in a construiction, could be inferred from contemporaneous .and continued assent, it is that of the exclusive effect of this grant.
A right over the subject has never been pretended to in any instance, except as incidental to the exercise of some other unquestionable power.
The present J an instance of the assertion of that kind, as incidental to a municipal power; that of superintending the internal concerns of a State, and. particularly of extending protection and patronage,. in the shape of a monopoly, to genius and enterprise.
The grant to Liviigston and Fulton, interferes with the freedom of intercourse among the States; and on this principle its .onstitutionality is contested.
When speaking of the power of Congress over navigation, I do not regard it as a power'inciden-tal to that of regulating -commerce; I consider it as the thing itself; inseparable from it as vital motion is from vital existence.
Commerce, in its simplest signification, means an exchange of goods; but in the advancement of society, labour, trafisportation, intelligence, care1 and various mediums'of exchange, become commodities, and enter into commerce; the sub-

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

230

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824. ject, the vehicle, the agent, and their various opc-
'-1Gibbons' rations, become the objects of commercial reguV'. lation. Ship building, the carrying trade, and
Ogden. propagation of seamen, are such vital agents of

commercial prosperity, that the nation which could not legislate over these subjects, would not possess power to regulate commerce.
That such was the understanding of the framers of the constitution, is conspicuous from provisions contained in that instrument.
ThE first clause of the 9th section, not only considers the right of controlling personal ingress or migration, as implied in the powers previously vested in Congress over commerce, but acknowledges it as a legitimate subject of revenue. And,
although the leading object of this section undoubtedly was the importation of slaves, yet the words are obviously calculated to comprise persons of all descriptions, and to recognise in Congress a power to prohibit, where the States permit, although they cannot permit when the States prohibit. The treaty making power undoubtedly goes further. So the fifth clause of the same section furnishes an exposition of the sense of the Convention as to the power of Congress over navigation : "nor shall vessels bound to or from one State, be obliged to enter, clear, or pay duties in another."
But, it iAalmostlabouring to prove a self-evident proposition, since the sense of mankind, the practice of ie world, the contemporaneous assumption, and continued exercise of the power, and universal aequiescnce, have so clearly esta-

OF THE .UNITED STATES.

231

blished the right of Congress over navigation, and the transportation -o·f both· , men and their goods, a·s not only incidental to,. but actually of the essence of, the power to regulate commerce. As to the transportation of passengers, and passengers in a steam boat, I consider it as having been solemnly recognised by the State of New-Yoik, as a subject both of commercial regulation and of revenue. She has imposed a transit duty upon steam boat passengers arriving at Albany, and unless this be done in the exercise of her control over personal intercourse, as incident 'to internal commerce, I know not on what principle the individual .has been subjected to this tax. The subsequent imposition upon the steam boat itself, appears to be but a commutation, and operates as an indirect instead of a direct tax upon the same subject. The passenger pays it at last.
It is impossible, with the views which I entertain: of- the principle on which the commercial privileges.of the people of the United States, among themselves, rests, to concur in the view which this Court takes of the effect of the coasting license in this cause. I do not regard it as the foundation of the right set up in behalf of the appellant. If there was any one object riding over every other in the adoption of the constitution, it was to keep the commercial intercourse among the States free from aU invidious and partial restraints. -And I cannot overcome the conviction, that if the licensing act was repealed to-morrow, the rights of the appellant to a reversal of the decision complained of, would be as

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

232
1824.
GGiibbbo"ns v
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
strong as it is under this license. One half the doubts in life arise from thd defects of language, and if this instrument had been called an exemption instead of a license, it would have given a
better idea of its character. Licensing acts, in fact, in legislation, are universally restraining acts; as, for example, acts licensing gaming houses, retailers of spiritous liquors, &c. The act, in this instance, is distinctly of that character, and forms part of an extensive system, the object of which is to encourage American shipping, and place them on an equal footing with the shipping of other nations. Almost every commercial nation reserves to its. own subjects a monopoly of its coasting trade; and a countervailing privilege in favour of American shipping is contemplated, in the whole legislation of the United States on this subject. It is not to give the vessel an American character, that the license is granted ; .that effept has been correctly attributed to the act of her enrolment. But it is to confer on her American privileges, as contradistinguished from I reign; and to preserve the government from fraud by foreigners, in surreptitiously intruding themselves into the American commercial marine, as well as frauds upon the revenue in the trade coastwise, that this whole system is projected. Many duties and formalities are necessarily imposed upon the American foreign commerce, which would be burdensome in the active coasting trade of the States, and can be dispensed with. A higher rate of tonnage also is imposed, and this license entitles the vessels that take it, to those exemptions, but to nothing.more.

OF -THE UNITED STATES.

A conamon register, equally entitles vessels to

carry on the coasting trade, although it does not

exempt them from the forms of foreign commerce, or from compliance with the 16th and 17th sec-

tions of the enrolling act. And even a foreign

vessel may be. employed coastwise, upon comply-

ing with the requisitions of the 24th section. I

consider the license, therefore, as nothing more

than what it purports to be, according to the Ist

section of this act, conferring on the licensed ves-

sel certain privileges in that trade, not conferred

on other vessels; but the abstract right of com-

mercial intercourse, stripped of th ,nrivileges,

is common to all.

Yet there is one view, in which the license may fe allowed considerable influence in sustaining

the decision of this Court.

It has beeii contended, that the grants of power

to the United States over any subject, do not, ne-

cessarily, paralyze the arm of- the States, or de-

prive them of the cApacity to act dn the same sub-

ject. That this can be the effect only of prohibi-

tory provisions in .their own constitutions, or in

that of the general government. The vis vita of

power i still existing in the States, if not extin-

guished by the constitution of the United States.

That, although as to all those grants of power

which may be called aboriginal, with relation to

the government, brought into 'existence by the

constitution, they, of course, are out of the reach

of State power; yet, as to all concessions ofpowers

which previously existed in the States, it was

otherwise. The practice of our goverhment cer-

Vor,. IX.

so

233
1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

2*34

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbns Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

tainly has been, on many subjects, toP coupy sO much only of the field opened to them, as they
think the public interests require. Witness the jutisdiction of the Circuit Courts, limited both as

to cases and as to amount ; and various other instances that might be cited. )But the license furnishes a full answer to this objection; for, although one grant of power over commerce, should not be deemed a total relinquishment of power over the subject, but amounting only, to a power to assume, -still the power of the States must be at an end, so far as the United States have, by. their legislative act, taken the subject under their immediate superintendence. So far as relates to the com-
merce coastwise, the act under which this license is granted, contains a full expression of Congress on this subject. Vessels, from five tons upwards, carrying on the coasting trade, are made the subject of regulation by that act. And this litense proves, that this vessel has -complied with that act, and been regularly ingrafted into one class of the commercial marine of the country.
It remains, 'to consider the objections. to this opinion, as presented by the counsel for the appellee. On those which had relation to the particular character of this boat, whether as a steam boat or a ferry boat, I have only to remark, that in both those characters, she is expressly recognised as an object of the provisions which relate to licenses.
The 12th section of the act of 1793, has these words: "That when the master of any ship or vessel, ferry boats excepted, shall be changed," %e, And the act which exempts licensed steam

OF THE UNITED STATES.
boats from the provisions against alien interests, shows such boats to be both objects of the licensing act, and objects of that act, when employed exclusively within our bays and rivers.
But the principal objections to these opinions arise, 1st. From the unavoidable action of some of the municipal powers of the States, upon commercial subjects.
2d. From passages in the constitution, which
are supposed to imply a concurrentpower in the States in regulating commerce.
It is no objection to the existence of distinct, substantive powers, that, in their application, they bear upon the same subject. The same bale of goods, the same cask of provisions, or the same ship, that may be the subject of commercial regulation, may also be the vehicle of disease. And the health laws that require them to be stopped and ventilated, are no more intended as regulations on commerce, than the laws which permit their importation, are intended to innoculate the community with disease.. Their different purposes mark the distinction between the powers brought into action; and while frankly exercised, theycan produce no serious collision. As to laws affecting ferries, turnpike roads, and other subjects of the same class, so far from meriting the epithet of commercial regulations, they are, in fact, commercial facilities, for which, by the consent of mankind, a compensation is paid, upon the same principle that the whole commercial world submit to pay light money to the Danes. Inspection laws are of a more equivocal nature, and it is obvious, that

, - 35
1824
Gibbons
V.
Ogdenm

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

the constitution has viewed that subject with much solicitude. But so far from sustaining an inference in favour of the power of the States over commerce, I cannot but think that the guarded pro-
visions of the 10th section, on thissubject, furnish a strong argument against that inference. It was obvious, that inspection laws must combine municipal with commercial regulations; and, while the power over the subject is yielded to the States, for obvious reasons, an absolute control is given over State legislation on the subject, as far as that legislation may be exercised so as to affect the commerce of the country. The inferences, to bd correctly drawn, from this whole article, appear to me to be altogether in favour of the exclusive grants to Congress of power over commerce, and the reverse of that which the appellee contends for.
This section contains the positive restrictions imposed by the constitution upon State power. The first clause of it, specifies those powers which the States are precluded from exercising, even though the Congress were to permit them. The second, those which the States may exercise with the consent of Congress. And here the sedulous attention to the subject of State exclusion- from commercial power, is strongly marked. Not antisfied with the express grant to the United States of the power over commerce, this clause negatives the exercise of that power to the States, as to the only two objects which could ever tempt them. to assume the exercise of that power,-to wit, the collection of a revenue from imposts and duties on imports and exports; or from a tonnage duty. As

OF THE UNITED STATES.

237

to imposts on imports or exports, such a revenue might have been aimed at directly, by express legislation, or indirectly, in the form of inspection laws; and it became necessary to guard against both. Hence, first, the consent of Congress to such imposts or duties, is made necessary; and as to inspection laws, it is limited to the minimum of expenses. Then, the money so raised shall be paid into the treasury of the United States, or may be sued for- since it is declared to be for their use. And lastly, all such laws may be modified, or repealed, by an act of Congress. It is impossible for a right to be more guarded. As to a tonnage duty, that could be recovered in but one way ; and a sum so raised, being obviously necessary for the execution of health laws, and other unavoidable port expenses, it was intended that it should go into the State treasuries; and nothing more was required, therefore, than the consent of Congress. But this whole clause, as to these two subjects, appears to have been introduced ez abhndanti cautela,to remove every temptation to an attempt to-interfere with the powers of Congress over commerce, and to show how far Congress might consent to permit the States to exercise that power. Beyond those limits, even by the consent of Congress, tiey could not exercise it. And thus, we have the whole effect of the clause. The infertncewhicb counsel would deduce from it, is neither necessary nor consistent with the general purpose
of the clause. * But instances have been insisted on, with much
confidence; in argument, in which, by municipal

1824.
Gibbons
V.
Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1824.
Gigbobeosns
v.
Ogden.

laws, particular regulations respecting their carhave been imposed upon shipping in the ports
of the United States; and one, in which forfeituro was made the penalty of disobedience.
Until such laws have been tested by exceptions to their constitutionality, the argument certainly wants much of the force attributed to it ; but admitting their constitutionality, they present only the familiar case of punishment inflicted by both governments upon the same individual. lie who robs the mail, may also steal the horse that carries it, and would, unquestionably, be subject to punishment, at the same time, under the laws of the State in which the crime is committed, and under those of the United States. And these punishments may interfere, and one render it impossible to inflict the other, and yet the two governments would be acting under powers that have no claim to identity.
It would be in vain to deny the possibility of a clashing and collision between the measures of the two governments. The line cannot be drawn with sufficient distinctness between the municipal powers of the one, and the commercial powers of the other. In some points they meet and blend so as scarcely to admit of separation. Hitherto the only remedy has been applied which the case admits of; that of a frank and candid co-operation for the general good. Witness the laws of Congress requiringrits officers to respect the inspection laws of the States, and to aid in enforcing their health laws; that which surrenders to the States the superintendence. of pilotage, and the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

many laws passed to permit a tonnage duty to be levied for the'use of their ports. Other instances could be cited, abundantly. to prove that collision must be sought to be produced; and when it does
arise, the question must be decided how far the powers of Congress are adequate to put it down. Wherever the powers of the respective governments are frankly exercised, with a distinct view to the ends of such powers, they may act upon the same object, or use the same means, and yet
the powers be kept perfectly distinct. A resort to the same means, therefore, is no argument to prove the identity of their respective powers.
I.have not touched upon the right of the States to grant patents for inventions or improvements, generally, because it does not necessarily arise in this cause.. It is enough for all the purposes of this decision, if they cannot exercise it so as to restrain a free intercourse among the States.

1824.
Gibbons
v.
Ogden.

DECREE. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record of the Court for the Trial of Impeachments and Correction of Errors of the State of New-York, and was argued by counsel. On ,consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the several licenses to the steam boats the Stoudinger and the Bellona, to carry on the coasting trade, which are set up by the appellant, Thomas Gibbons, in his answer to the bill ofthe respondent, Aaron Ogden, filed in the Court of Chancery for the State of New-York, which were granted under an act of Congress;
passed in pursuance of the constitution of the

1824.
Gibbboous
V. Ogden.

CASES IN THE SUPRENIP COURT
United States; gave full authority to those vessels to navigate the waters of the United States,' by steam or otherwise, for the purpose of carrying on the coasting trade, any law of the State
of New-York to the contrary notwithstanding; and that so much of the several laws of the State of New-York, as prohibits vessels, licensed according to the laws of the United Stites, from navigating the waters of the Stateof NewYork, by means of fire or steam, is repugnant to the said constitution, and void. This Court is, therefore, of opinion, that the decree of the Court of New-York for the Trial of Impeachments and the Correction of Errors, affirming the decree of the Chancellor of that State, which perpetually enjoins the said Thomas Gibbons, the appellant, from navigating the waters of the State of NowYork with the steam boats the Stoudinger and the Bellona, by steam or fire, is erroneous, and ought to be reversed, and. the same is hereby reversed and annulled. and this Court doth further DIRECT, ORDER,' and DECREE, that the bill of the said Aaron Ogden be dismissed, and the same is hereby dismissed accordingly.

