OF THE I INITED zTATE'
ILoCAL LAW..
DARBY'S Lessee v. MAYER and another.

1825.
Darby v
Mayer

qzurre," How 'far a. will of lands, duly proved and, recorded in one . State, soas to be evidence in the Courts of that State, is thereby
rendered evidence in the Courts of another State, (provided,the rebord on its face shows that it poiset ses all the solemnities required by the laws of the State where the land lies,) under the 4ih art. see. 1. bf the constitution.of the United States P The local law of Maryland,'as to the effect-of evidence of the probate of a will of lands, in an actica of ejectment, is the same wiith the common law.· A duly certified copy of a will of.lands,'arid the probate thereof, in the Orphan's Court of Maryland, is not evidence in an action or ejbetment, of a devise of lands in Tennessee.

ERROR to the Circuit Court-. of West Tennessee.

This cause was -argued by Mr. Bibb and Mr. March 1.,!. Iseacs for the Plainti " in eiror, and by. Mr. White and Mr. D. Hoffman for'the defendants in error. But as the judgment turned only on a single point, and does not finally dispose of the cause, it has not been thought necessary to report
the argument.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of
the Court. This was an action of *ejectment, in which the.
present plaintiff was plaintiff in the Court below. His tit.e isd.erived through a patent to one John RIce, and sc.-, ,sive ronvovanpot, down to him
Vni X

rarch 17th.

4W
1025. .D-avrb-y
v.
Mayer.

( ASES IN THE SUPRI.ME COURT
.self, which it is immaterial to recapitulate, since no question arises upon this part of the evidence. The defence set up was the statute of limitations, and in order to bring himselfwithin its pro-
visions, the defendant received the patent under whiph the plaintiff claims, as the patent for his own land, and undertakes to connect himself with it. This garb'rise to a variety of exceptions tdken by the plaintiff to the evidence offered by the defendant for this purpose, to which the defendant replies, that should he have failed in estal*lishing a connexion by a chain of title, he has complied with the statute notwithstanding, by proving his possession within the patent issued to Rice, which, he contends, is all the connexion with a patent which the law requires.
One of the grounds of exception made by the plaintiff is, that the evidence of the defendant proves his possession to be upon a tract of land essentially different from that which the patent covers. And not a little difficulty has existed on this pat of the case, to understand the counsel when discussing the question of identity. Mll this has arisen from omitting to have the locus in quo established by a survey; an omission to which the Court takes this opportunity to express its disapprobation. It is true, that the case upon this bill of exceptions can -be disposed of without such a survey, but great facility would have been afforded by a survey, in understanding -the discussion, which, without it, was scailAy intelligible. It is very obvious, when we refer to the patent to Rii.- inder which the plaintiff claims.

OF THE U.NJTED STATES.

and the entry to Ramsay through which the defendant deduces title, both of which are made parts of the bill of exceptions, that they do not describe the same land. On the contrary, that
to Rice, calling for the entry to Ranisay as its eastern boundary, must necessarily lie ,vithout it.
However, we are of opinion, th.t we are not now at liberty to notice this inconsistency. The bill of exceptions states, that the pisintiff proved the defendant in possession of the -land granted
to Rice, and the defendant proved himself in possession of the land entered to. Rhmsay, both concurring in the fact that the land in the defendant's possession was.the land in controversy; from which it certainly results that Rice held a patent for Ramsay's entry. But the defendant having no pAtent, the other has, of course, the legal estate in him, which may bebarred by the defeudant's
possession, if he brings himself within the pro.visions of the statute.
In order to cdnnect 'himself with the patent, the defendant proved a sale of the inchoate interest of John Rice to one Solomon Kitts, and the next link inhis title depended upon the &il
of Solomon Kitts. To prove that Kitts devised the land to ibe trustees through whotn defendant
made title, a copy and probate of the will of Kitta was produced in evidence, duly certified from the Orphan's Court of Baltimore c6unty, Maryland, in which, it seems, the will had been recently proved and recorded. This evidence was excepted to, but the Court overruled The exception, and it went t6 the jury.

1825. "a'br
V.
Mater

408

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT%

1825. The question is, whether the evidence thus

'- Dar'by ' offered was legal evidence of a devise of land ?

MJavy.er.

The common law doctrine on this subject no

-,R one contests; the ordinary's probate was no evi-

dence of the execution of the will in ejectibent. Er:ect,,r ,ie. Where the will itself was in existence, and could at il comnlian nidrsbe pro"duced, it was · necessary to produce it;
when the will was lost, or could not be procured
to be produced. in evidence, secondary evidence was necessarjly iesorted to, according to the nature of the case. But whateverproof was made, was required to be made before'the Cpurt thit tried the cause; the proof before the ordinary being ex parte, and the heir at law having had no opportunity to cross-examine the witnesses; neither were the same solemnities required to admit the will'to probate as were indispensable to give it validity as a devise of real estate. At first it -was a question of controyersy between the common law and ecclesiastical Courts, whether a wi1 . containing a devise of lands, should not be precluded from probate, although containing a bequest of personalty also. And the question was one of serious import, since the comnon law Courts required the production of the original, whereas the consequence of probate was, that the original should be consigned to the archives of the Court that proved it. This was at length compromised, 'and the practice introduced of delivering out the will, whenneoessary,
upon security to return it.
Upon greneral principles, there is no qpestion, tht lands in Tennessee must, in all respects, be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

469

subject to the land laws of Tennessee. Their 1825.

laws affecting devises, and the rules of their Courts respecting evidence in ejectment, must be the law of this case, as far as the constitution

Darby
v.
Mayer. Fhelex loci

of the United States does not control the one,,, Sita go-

or the other.

veins " to the If.f t of a de-

With regard to the modification under which vise in one

country

of

the right of devising may be exerciSed, there is I:,,ds inano-

no question that the power of the State is unli- ther.

mited; and wills of realty, wherever.executed,"

must conform .to the laws of Tennessee. -The

right of determining whether its laws have been

complied with in this respect, is a necessary re-

sult from the power of passing, those laws. But Qu:re, how in this respect, it has been supposed, that the rrl pri, ipeis
anodified by the
right of the States is in some measure controlled lovtiesicoonnsstituo- f

by that article of the constitution, which diclares ii, and law

"that

full faith and

credit shdll be

giveii

in

tof the U.S. in
each r)spect to the

·. · ·fith and cre-

State to the public acts, records, and judicial '"'.

proceedings of every other State."

And hence b,gien to the !e.t,cotrds, and

that a will of lands duly recorded in one Statejudicial proso as to be evidence in the Courts of. that State, ceedigs of

each State in
is rendered evidence thereby in the Court of every ee, "oher other State, provided the record, on the face of it,

shows that it possessed the solemnities required by the laws of the State where the land lies.

As this is a question of some delicacy as it re-

lates to devises of lands, the Court passes it over

at present, being induced to adopt, the opinion,

that the rule could not be applied to this case,

since the laws of Maryland do .not make the pro-

bate here offered- evidence in a land-cause in the

Courts of that State,

470

CASES IN THE SUPRIME COURT

1825, That the law of Maryland, with regard to the Darby ~evidence of a devise in ejectmerit, is the common
v. law of England, is clearly recognised in the case Mayer. of Smith's lessee v. Steele, (I Harrisand M'IHenry,

lawThoef MJa.rcya-1 419.) In that case, as in this, a copy of the will

land,atoevi-and probate were offered in evidence, and was

dence of the

pwriollboaftlea

of
nds

a supported

by proof of the loss of

the

original

will

' n

aejnecatmctieonnt , of from the office of probates. Yet the whole ar-
1

5

the same with gument turns, not on the admission of the copy

the common
law of Eng- and probate per se, but whether admissible at all

land.

to prove the existence and contents of the origi-

nal will. And the Court declare, in permitting it to be read in evidence to thejury, that they are at liberty .o find for or against the original will, not holding them bound from the production of the probate to find for the plaintiffs. It is observable also in that case, that it is yielded in argument throughout, that the admission of the probate could only be sustained on the idea, that the acts of 1704 and 1715, now no more in force, permitted the ordinary to take probate of wills of laud. But it has been supposed, that the Maryland law of probates of 1798, has, by
express enactment, tirade such probates evidence in their own Courts. And had it bebn shown, that such had been the established construction of that law, and the practice of the.State Courts under it, this Court would not have hesitated to relinquish their.own views on the -correct construction to be given to that clause.
As it is, we must pursue the suggestions of our own minds with iegard to the legal construction
of the act.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The clause alluded to is the 4th see. ch. 2. art. 3. of the act in question, and is in these words :
" An. attested copy, under the seal of offipe, of any will, testament, or codicil, recorded in any

1825.
Darby
v.
Mayer.

office authorized to record the. same, shall be ad- The ,ct of
Assembly of
mitted in eyidence in any Court of law or equity, 175'a8l,y"'s. 4. chO. f provided that the execution of 'the original will 2' --t- .oes
not extend to
Pr codicil be subject to be contested until a pro- Sao ,i,s;otfolamnadkse

bate bath been had according to this act."

· tchoeIsrn .|IIpSVtoe beavtie-

It is true, that the generality of the terms in thedeacioen ofinejecatn-

first lines of this clause is such as would, if un-mrtol ot.

restricted by the context, embrace wills bf lands. It is also true, that the previous chapter. in the

same article prescribes the formalities necessary

to give validity to devises of real estate; it is

further true, that the previous sections of the se-

cond chapter indicate the means, and impose the

duty of delivering up wills of all descriptions to

the Register of the Court of Probates, for safe

keeping, after the death of the testator, and ,until

they shall be dernded by sprne person authorized

to demand them for the purpose of proving

them.

But it is equally true, that the act does not au-

thorize the registering of any will without pro-

bate. Nor does it, in any one of its provisions,

relate to the probate of any wills, except wills of

goods and chattels.

The clause recited makes evidence of such

wills only as are recorded in the offices of Courts

authorized to record them. But when the power

of taking probate is expressly limited to the pro-

bate of wills of goods and chattels, we see not

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
- Darby
SV.
1ayer.

with what propriety the meaning of the clause in question can be extended to wills of any other description. The Orphan's Court may take probates of wills though they affect lands, provided

they also affect goods and chattels ; but the.will, nevertheless, is conclusively established 'only as to the personalty.
.Unless the words be explicit and imperative to the contrary, the construction must necessarily conform to the existing laws of the State on the siubject of wills of real estate. And when the power of taking probates is confined to wills of personalty, we think the construction of the clause recited must be limited by the context; of BWy enthiteesslavewes W-- e are, therefore, of opinion, htchh.uallt there wi as taiewpilrl.6of.itleand,s,fnothing in the law of Maryland which could; u'nill another der the constitutiori make the document offered snahdeeviedc. to prove this will per se evidence in a-land cause. in an eij. Nor does there appear to exist any rule of law ifi
Inent for lawds
il Tennessee. Tennessee, which could make such a document
good evidence under the laws 6f that State. Since, therefore, the charge of the Court was
general in favour of the defendants, and the effect ofeach particular piece of evidence'upo-h the minds of the jury cannot be discriminated, this opinion disposes of the whole cause.
The case presents several other, and very important questions, but the Court will at present decline remarking on them.
Judgment reversed, anda venirefaciasdenovo awarded.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

[CONSTITUTIONAL LAW. PaRACTICE.]

1825.
U. S. Bank V.
.Halstead.

THE BANK OF THE UNITED'STATES V. HALSTEAD.

The act of assembly of Kentucky of the alst of December, 1321, which prohibits the sale of property taken under executions for"' less than three fourths of its appraised value, without the consent of the owner, does not apply tp a venditioni exponas issued out of the Circuit Court for:the District of Kentucky.
The laws of the United Sthtes authorize the Courts of the Uniori so to alter the form of the process of execution used in the Supreme Courts of the States in 1789, so as to stbject to execution lands
- and other property, not thus subject by the State laws in force at that time.

THIS cause was argued at the last term, by
the same cbunsdl with the preceding case of Waymanv. outkard, (ante p. 1.) and continu-
ed to the present term for advisement.

Mr. Justice THOMPSPN delivered the opinion
of ther Court. This case comes up on a division of opinion
of the Judges of the Circuit Court of the United. Staties for the District of Kentucky, upon a motion there made to quash the rdturn of the Marshal upon a venditioniexponas issued inrthis cause. The writ commanded the Marshal to expose to sale certain articles of property therein particularly specified; and; among other things, two hundred acres of land of Abraham Venable,
one of the defendants.- The Marshal, in his return, states substantially, that he had exposed to

Feb. l5i 1 s5.

C" SES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. sale, for cash, the lands mentioned in the writ, U. S, Bankkno endorsement having beeir made on the execu-
v. tion, to receive in payment certain bank notes, Halstead. according to the provision of the laws of Ken-
tucky. That the lands had been valued at 26 dollars per acre, and, upon the offer for sale, no more than five dollars per acre was bid; which not being three fourths of the appraised value, the land was not sold : thbreby conforming his proceedings under the venditioni exyonas to the directions of the law. of Kentucky of the 21st of December, 1821, which prohibits the sale of'property taken under executions, for less than three fourths of its appraised value, without the con-
sent of the owner. The motion in the Court. below wa.' to quash
this return., and to direct the Marshal to proceed to sell the land levied upon, without regard to the act above referred to. Upon this motion, the Judges; being divided in opinion, have, according to the pro-visions of the act of Congress in such cases, certified to this Court the following ques-
tions : 1. Whether the said act of the general assem-
bly of Kentucky, when applied to this case, was, or was not, repugnant to the constitution of the United States? and,
2. Whether, if it were not repugnant to the .constitution, it would operate upon, and -bind, and direct, the mode in which the venditioni exponas should be enforced by the Marshal, and forbid a sale of the land levied upon, unless ii. commanded three fourths of its value when esti-

OF THE UNITED STATES

mated, according to the provisions of the said actU.
In examining these questions, I shall invert
the order in which they have been certified to this Court, because, if the law does not apply to the case so as to regulat.e and govern the conduct of the Marshal, it will supersede the necessity of inquiring into its constitutionality.
It ought to be borne in mind, ti at this law does.not profess, in terms, to extend to Marshals, or to executions issued out of the Courts of the United States; and it is onlyunder some general expressions, that either can, by .possibility, be embraced within the law. And it ought not, in justice to the legislature, to be presumed, that it was intended, by any general terms there used, to regulate and control that over which it is so manifest they had no authority.
It canltot certainly be contended, with the least colour of plausibility, that Congress doesnot possess thq uncontrolled power to legislate. with. respect both t5 the form .and effect of executions issued upon judgments recovered in the Courts of the United States. The judicial power would be incomplete, and entirely inadequate to the purposes for which it was intended, if after judgment, it could be arrested in its progress, and denied the- right of enforcing satisfaction in any manner which shall be prescribed by the laws of the United States. The authority to carry into complete effect the judgments of the Courts, necessarily results; by -imtlication, from the power to ordain and establish such Courts.

1825.
S.Bank
V.
Halstead.

CASES- IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. But itdoes not rest altogether upon such impli-

U. S Baacnaktion;

for express authority is given to Con-

V. gress to makeforallcalrarwyisngwhiinchto shexalelcubetionnecaelslsathrye Halstead. and proper

powers vested by the constitution in the government-of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. The right of Congress, therefore, to regulate the proceedings on. executions, and direct the mode, and manner, and out of what properzy of the debtor satisfaction may be obtained, is not to be question ed, and the only inquiry is, how far this power has been exercised; The critical review taken by tha Chief Justice of the various laws of the United States,. in the opinion delivered in the case of Wayman v. Southard,4very much abridges an examination, that might otherwise have been proper in this. case. The result of that opinion shows, that Congress has adopted, as the guide for the Courts of tle United States, the processes which were used and allowed in the Supreme Courts of the several States, in the ypar 1789. That the 34th section of the Judiciary Act, which requires that the laws of the several States sirall be regarded as rules of decision in trials z common law, in the Courts of the United States, has no application to the practice of the Courts; or in any manner calls upon them to pursue t1he various changes which may take place from time to time in the State Courts, with respect to their processes, and modes of proceeding under them. The princi-

a Ante p. 20.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
pal inquiry in this case' is, whether the laws of 1825. the United States authorize the Courts so to U.Bank alter the form of the process of execution, which V. was in use in the Supreme Courts of the several Hafstead. Siates in thie year 1789, as to uphold the venditioni exonas issued in this cause. In the year 1792, when the Process Act of. 1789 was made perpetual, land in the State of Kentucky could not be taken and sold.on execution; a law, .ho*ever, subjecting lands to executions, was passed shoitly thereafter in the same year; and the. qu astion now arises, whether the Circuit Court of the. United States for the Kentucky District, could so alter the process of execution as to authorize the seizure and-sale of land by virtue thereof.
For the decision of this question, it 'is necessary again to recur -to some of the acts of Congress which were under consideration in the case referred to, for the purpose of ascertaining whether they do not provide as well for the effect and operation, as for the form of process.
By the 14th section of the Judiciary. Act, (2 L. U. S. 62.) power is given to the Courts' of the United States to issue a writ of scire facwas, abeas corpus, and all other writs not specially provided for-by statute, which may be necessary for the exercise of their respective jurisdietions, and agreeable to the principles and usages of law. That executions are among the. writs her'eby authorized to be issued, cannot admit of a doubt; they are indispensably necessary for the beneficial exercise of the jurisdiction of -the Courts v and in suibsequent parts of the act,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. this writ is specifically named as one to be used,
U--. S Ban,k and the control which the Court, in certain cases, v. is authorized to exercise over it, is pointed out.
Halstead. The precise limitations and qualifications of this
power, under the terms, agreeable to the principles and usages of law, is not, perhaps, so obvious. It doubtless embraces writs sanoiibned by the principles and usages of the common law. But it would be too limited a construction, as it respects writs of execution, to restrict it to such only. as were authorized by the common law. It was well known to Congress, that there were in use in the State Courts, writs of execution, other than such -as were conformable to the usages of the common law. And it is reasonable to conclude, that such were intended to be included under the general description of writs agreeable to the prihciples and usages of law. If it had been intended to restrict the power to common law writs, such limitation would probably have been imposed in terms. That it was intended to authorize writs of execution sanctioned by the principles and usages of the State laws, is strongly corroborated by the circumstance, that the Process Act, passed a few days thereafter, adopts such as the only writs of execution to be used. Can it be doubted, but that, under the power here given in the Judiciary Act, the Courts of the United States, in those States where lands were liable to be taken and sold on execution, would have been authorized to issue a like process ? But under this act, the Courts are not restricted to the kind of process used in the State

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Courts, or bound in any respect to conform themselves thereto. This latitude of discretion was not deemed expedient to be left with the Courts; and the act of the 29th of September, 1789,
[2 L. U. S. 72.] entitled, "An act to regulate processes in the Courts of the United States,"
modifies arid. limits this power. So far as is material to the present inquiry, it declares, that the forms of writs and executions, and mbdes of process, in the Circuit and District Courts, in suits at comrfaon law, shall be the same in each State .respectively, as are now used or allowed in the Supreme Courts of the same. The form of the writ contains substantially directions as to what is to be done under it. Whether mesne or -final process, it is on its face so shaped and moulde.d, as to be adapted to the purposes for which it is intended. This act, therefore, adopts the effect its well as the form of the State processes; and as these were various in the different States, it goes further, and adopts the viodes of Vrocess, which must include every thing necessary to a compliance with the cbmmand of the writ. The effect and operation of executions must, of course, vary in the different States, according to the different forms which were used and allowed. The mode ofproceeding, where lands, for instance, were liable to be taken and sold on exeeution, was different from that which would be necessary where they were only liable to be extende& under an elegit. It was therefore necessary to adopt the modes of process, if the process itself was adopted. This act was temporary; and con-
VOL. X.

1825. v. s. Bank
V. Halstead.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. tinued from time to time, until the permanent law UV..SS..BBa4nkk of the 8th of May, 1792, [2 L. U. S. 299.]
If. was passed; the second section of which, so far Hltaa.mu as relates to the second question, declares, that
the forms of writs, executions, and other process, except'their style, and the forms and modes of proceeding in suits of common law, in the-Courts of the United States, shall bq the same ag are no used in the said Courts, in pursuance of the act entitled, "an act to regulate' processes in the Courts of the United StatesP +his section then goes on to prescribe the rules and principles by which the Courts of -equity, and of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, were to be governed ; and then follows this provision : Subject, however, to such alterations and additions, as the said Courts respectively shall, in their discretion, deem expedient, or to such regulations as the Supreme Court of the United States shall think proper, from time to time, by rule, to prescribe
o any Circuit or District Court concerning thb ame. There can be no doubt, that the power here given to the Courts, extends to all the subjects in the preceding parts of the section; and embraces as well the forms of process, and modes of proceeding in suits of common law,. as those of equity, and of admiralty and maritime jurisdictiona. It will. be perceived, that this act presupposes that, in point of practice, the several Courts of the Vr,ited States had carried into execution 'the provisions of the. act of 1789; and 1ha4 adopted the forms of process, and modes of PImeeding ljaereoa, which were then usual, and

OF THE UNITED .STATES.

allowed in the Supreme Courts of the respective States; and it ratifies and continues such practice, and extends it to all the proceedings in suits. This course was no doubt adopted, as one better calculated to meet the views and wishes of the several States, than for, Congress to have framed an entire system for the Courts of the United States, varying from that of the Siate Courts. They had in view, however, State systems then in actual operation, well known and understood, and the propriety and expediency of adopting which, they would well judge of and determine. Ience the restriction in the act, now used and allowed in the Supreme Courts of the several
States. There is no par t of the act, -however, that looks like adopting prospectively, by positive legislative provision, the -various changes that might thereafter be made in the State Courts. Had such been the intention of Congress, the phraseology.of the act would doubtless have been adapted to that purpose; It was, ndvertheless, foreseen, that changes probably would bf made in the -processes and proceedings in the State Courts, which might be fit and proper to be adopted in the Courts of the United States; and, not choosing to sanction such changes absolutely in anticipation, power is given to the Couits over the subject, with.a view, no doubt, so to alter and mould their processes and proceedings,
as to conform to those of the State Courts as nearly as might be, consistently with the ends of justice. This authority must have been given to the Courts, for some substantial and beneficial

12.
U. &,Iak
V. Head.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1085. purpose. If the alterations are limited t0 mere UT.. S.'Bank form, without varyini the effect and operation of
7. the process,'it would be useless. The power here Haistead. given, in order to answer the object in view, can-
not be restricted to form. as contradistinguished from substance, but must be understood ab vesting in the Courts authority, so to 'frame, mould, and shape the process, as to adapt it to the purpose intended.
The general policy of all the laws on this subject is very apparent. It was intended to adopt, and conform to, the State process and proceedings, as the general rule, but under such guards and checks as might be necessary-to insure the due exercise of the powers of the Courts of the United States. They have authority, therefore, from time to.time to alftr the process, in such manner as they shall deem expedient, and likewise to make additionsthereto, which necessarily implies a power to enlarge the effect and operation of the process. The exercise of this power is, to be sure, left in the discretion of the Court ; but the object a~nd purpose for whieh it is given,. is so plainly marked, that it is hardly to be presumed the Courts would omit carrying it into execution, without some substantial reason. And, the better to insure this, authority is given to this Court, to prescribe to the Circuit and District Oourts, such regulations on the subject as it shall think proper. And should this trust not be duly and discreetly exercised by 'the Courts, it is at all times in the. power of-Congress to correct the evil by more specific legislation. But so long as

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the Courts of the United States shall make such alterations or additions in their process of execution as only to reach property made subject to execution from the State Courts, there would seem to be no just groiund for complaint. When, therefore,. the law of Kentucky made land subject to executions, it was carrying into effect the spirit *and object of the act of Congress, for the Circuit Court so to alter and add to the form of its execution, as to authorize the taking and sellin.the debtor's'land.
Itis said, however, that this is the exercise of legislative power, which could. not be delegated by Congress to the Courts of justice. But this objection cannot b"e sustained. There is no doubt that Congress might have legislated more specifically on. the subject, and declared what property should be subject to executions from the Courts of the United States. But it does not follow, that because Congrees night have done this, they necessarily must do it, and cannot commit the power to the" Co'krts of justice. Congress mighlt regulate the whole practice of the Courts, if it was deemed expedient so to do: but this power is-vested in *the Courts; and it. never bas occurred to any one that it was a delegation of legislative power. The power given to the Courts over their process is no more than authorizing them to regulate and direct the conduct of the Marshal, in the .execution of the process. It relates, therefore, to the ministerial duty of the officer; and partakes no' more of legislative power. than that diseretionarv authority in

'1825.
U. S. Bank
v.
Halstead.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. trusted to every department of the government U. S. BajkSin a variety of cases. And, as is forcibly obser-
V. ved by the Court, in the case of Wayman v. Ha tead. Southard,the same objection arises to delegating
this power to the state, authorities, as there does -to intrusting it to the Courts of the United-States. It is as much a delegation of legislative power in the one case as in the other. It has been already decided, in the case ieferred to, that the 34th sedtion of the Judiciary Act has no application to the practice of the Courts of the United States, so asin a ny manner to govern the form of the process of execution. And all the reasoning of the Court,. which denies the application of this section to the form, applies with equal force to the effect or extent and operation of the process. If, therefore, 'Congress has legislated at all upon the effect of executions, they have either adopted and limited, it to thatzwhieLwould have been given to the like process from the Supreme Courts of the respective States, in the yeafl-789, or have provided for changes, by authorizing the Courts of the United States to make such alterations and additions in the process itself, as to give it a different effect.
To limit the operat" _n of an execution now, to that whichit would have had in the year 1789, would open a door to many and great inconveniencies, which Congress seems to have foreseen, and to have guarded against, by giving ample powers to the. Courts, so to mould their process, as to meet whatever ckanges might take place. And if any doubt existed, whether the act of 1792 vests such power in the Courts, or with respect to its con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
stitutionality, the practical construction here- 1825. tofore given to it, ought to have great weight in U. S. Bank determining both questions. It is understood, V. that it has been the general, if not the universal HA4tOd.. practice of the Courts of the Jnited States, so to alter their executions, as to authorize a levy upon whatever property is made subject to the like process from the State Courts; and under such alterations, many sales of land have no doubt been made, which might be disturbed if a contrary construction should be adopted. That such alteration, both in the form -and effect of executions, has been made by the Circuit Court for the District of Kentucky, is certain from the cWse now before us, as, in 1789, land in Kentucky could not be sold on execution. If the Court, then, had the power so to frame and mould~the execution in this case, as to extend to lands, the only. remaining inquiry is, whether the proceedings on the execution could be arrested and controlled by the State law. And this question would seem to be put at rest by the decision in the case of Wayman v. Southard. The law of Kentucky, as has been already observed, does not in terms profess to exercise any such authority; and if it did, it must be unavailing. An officer of the United States cannot, in the discharge of his duty, be governed and controlledi by State laws, any farther than such laws have been adopted and sanctioned by the legislative authority of the United States. And he does not, in such case, act under the authority of the State law, but under that of the United States,

CASES IN TIHE SUPREME COURT
1825. which adopts such law. An execution is the fruit U. S. BBank and end of the suit, and is very aptly called the
v. life of the law. The suit does not terminate with Halstead. the judgment; and all proceedings on the execiu-
tjion, are proceedilgs in the suit, and which are expressly, by t)e act of Congress, put under the regulation and contr6l of the Court out of which it issues. It is a power incident to every Court from which process issues, when delivered to the proper officer, to enforce upon such officer a -compliance with his duty, and a due execution. of the process, according to its command. But we are not left to rest upon any implied power of the Court, for such authority over the officer. By the 7th section of the act of the 2d of March, 1793, (3 L. U. S. 367.) it is declared, that "it shall be lawful for the several Courts of the United States, from time to time, as occasion may require, to make rules and orders for their respective Courts, directing the returning ofwrits and processes, &c. and to regulate the practice of the said Courts respectively, in such. manner as shall be fit and necessary for the advancement of justice, "andespecially to the end to prevent delays in proceedings." To permit the Marshal, in this case, to be governed and controlled by the State law, is not only delaying, but may be entirely defeating the effect and operation of the execution, and would be inconsistent with the advancement
of justice. Upon the whole, therefore, the opinion of this
Co t is, that the Circuit Court had authority to ter the farmrf the process of execution, so as

OF THE UNITED STATES.

to extend to real as well as personal property, 1825. when, by the laws of Kentucky, lands were made subject to the like process from the State Courts; U. S.Bank

and that the act of the General Assembly of
Kentucky does not operate upon, and bind, and direct the mode in which the venditioni exponas should be enforced by the Marshal, so as to *forbid a sale of the land levied upon,unless it commanded three fourths of its value, according to the provisions of the said act; and that, of course, ,the return of. the Marshal is insufficient, and ought to be quashed, This renders it unnecessary to inquire into the constitutionality of the law of Kentucky.

Halstead.

CERTIFICATE. This cause came.on to be heard

on the transcript, .&c. and the points on which the Judges of the Circuit Court of -the United States for tJ~e seventh Circuit and District of Kentucky, were divided in opinion, and which

were, in pursuance of the act of Congress in that case made .and provided, adjourned to- this Court, and was argued by counsel. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the act of the General Assembly of Kentucky, referred to in the- said questions, can.not operate upon, bind, and direct the mode in which the said venditioni expzonas should be enforced by the Marshal, and forbid a sale of the land levied upon, unless it commafhded three fourths of its value when estimated according to the provisions

of the said act; and that this opinion renders it unnecessary to decide whether the said act iq, or

VOL. X.

.0

(65

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. is not, repugnant to the constitution of the UniThe Antelope. ted States. All which is directed to be certified
to the Circuit Court of the United States foer the seventh circuit and District of Kentucky.a

[PRIz. INSTANCE CoURT. SLAVE TRADE.]

The ANrTELOPE. The Vice-Consuls of Spain and Portugal, Libellants.

The African slave trade is contraly to the luw of nature, but is not prohibited by the positive law of rations. by the laws of most civili-
zed ndtions, it may still be lawfully Although carried the slave on by trade the is subjects now prohibited cf those nations who have not prohibited it by municipal acts or trea-

ties.

The slave trade is not piracy, unless made so by the treaties or statutes

of visitation, and search of does the-ation not exist to in whom time of the peace. party belongs.. .

rheright

slave trade, even if prohibited by the laws of

the country to which it belongs, ve cannot, sel engaged for in that the cause alone, be

seized on the high seas, and brought in for adjudication, in time country. But if the laws of

that other country be violated, of peace, or the in proceeding the Courts be of authorized another by

treaty, the act of capture is not in that case unlawful.

a In the case of the Bank of the United States v. January, of Kentucky, the process was

also certified from the Circuit Court

-a capia$, to-Twhich the acts of 1789, and 1792, extend in express that Congress must be

terms.

This Court, thereforei-4letermiried, to have adopted that process as one that was to issue

understood

df the Uiited States, whenever it

permanently'froim the Courts

was in use, at, the epoch contemplated by those acts, as a State

proceisg. A certificate was directed accoidingly.

454
1825.
M'CDowell
V. Peyton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
It is the opinion of the Court, that the fourth and fifth counts, however informal, have substance enough in them to be maintained against a general demurrer, and that th, judgment must be re-
versed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings. It will be in the power of the Circuit Court to allow the parties to amend their pleadings.
Judgment reversed accordingly.

[LenAL L.w.]
M'DOWELL V. PEYTON and others.
The following entry, " I. T. enters 10,000 acres of landJ, on part of a treasury warrant, No. 079, to be laid off in one or more surveys, lying between Stoner's fork and Hingston's fork, about six or seven miles nearly northeast of Har od's lick, at two white-ash saplings from one root, with the letter K marked on each of them, standing at the foiks of a wet branch of Hingston's fork, on the east side of the branch, then running a line from said ash saplings, south 45 degrees east, 1600 poles, thence extending from each end of this line north 45 east, down the branch, until a line nearly parallel to the beginning line thall include the quantity of vacant land, exclusive of prior claims," is not a valid entry, there being no proof that the " two white-ash saplings from one root, with the letter K marked on each of them, standing at the forks of a west branch of Hingston's fork," had acquired sufficient notoriety to constitute a valid call for the beginning of an entry, without further aid than is afforded by the information that the land lies between those forks.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Kentucky.
m. ,',t This cause was argued by Mr. Wicklife for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

45S

the appellant, and by Mr. Talbot for the respon- 1825.

dents.

MDowell

7.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the Peytm.

opinion of the Court. This is an appeal from a decree pronounced in farcl 5d.
the Court of the United States for the Seventh Circuit and District of Kentucky, dismissihg a

bill brouglt by the plaintiff, to obtain a conveyance for a tract of land in-possesion of the defendant under an elder grant, to which the plain-

tiff claims to have the superior equitable title.

The defendant rests on his patent; and as the entry uider which the plaintiff claims was made

before that patent issued, the cause depends essentially on the validity of the entry. It is in

these words:

Dec. 24th, 1782.-" John Tabb enters 10,000

acres of lind, on part of a treasury warrant, No. 97S9, to be laid off in one or more surveys, lying

between Ston.ei's fork and Hingstofn'.s fork, begin-.

ning about six or seven miles nearly northeast of Harrod's lick, at two white-ash saplings from one root, with the letter K marked on each of them, standing at the forks of a'west branch of Hing-

ston's fork, on the east side of the, branch, then running a line f,'in said ash saplings, south 45 degrees east, 1600 poles, thence extending from

each end of thiz., hue nortth 45 east, down the

tranch, until a line nearly.parallel to the beginning line shall include the quantity of" vacant

land, exclusive of prior claims."

The counsel for the defendant insists, that this

459

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. entry is invalid, because it does not describe the

4

land with that certainty which is required by the

SV. land law of Kentucky. They contend that the ~eytgn" description given to find the beginning is false,

and calculated to mislead a subsequent locater. Harrod's lick, Stoner's fork, and Hingston's
fork, are proved to have been objects well known by those names at the date of the entry, and serve as a general description of the. country.in which the land lies ; but it is not shown, that the two white-ash saplings from one root, with the letter K marked on each of them, standing at
the forks of a west branch of Hingston's fork, had acquired sufficient notoriety to constitute a valid call for the beginning of an entry, without further aid than is afforded by the information that the land lies between these forks. Its identity is proved, .but the decisions on the act .of 41779 require notoriety as well as identity. The plaintiffs' counsel maintain, that there are descriptive words in the entry sufficient to bring a person, using reasonable diligence, and searching for this beginning, near enough to it to find the two whiteash saplings. Those descriptive words are, "Beginning about six or seven miles nearly north-
east of Harr6d's lict, at two white-ash saplings, &c. standing at the forks of a west branch of Hingston's fork, on the east side of the branch." The information which is to guide a subsequent l'cater to the white-ash saplings, is the course and distance from Harrod's lick, and the forks of a west branch of Hingston's fork.
A survey was made by the order of the Court,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

and the plat shows that the saplings mentioned in the entry are three miles and one hundred and forty-five poles from Harrod's lick, and that the course which leads to them i's north 53 degrees east The real distance, then, is about one half the distance called for in the entry, and the course varies eight degrees;

To obviate the objection founded on this vari-
ance, the plaintiff alleges the distinction between the descriptive and locative calls of an entry. The purpose of the first is to bring the subsequent locater into the neighbourhood of the land he means to avoid, and that of the second is to And the land already appropriated, so as toenable him to appropriate the adjacent residuum. The precision, therefore, Which is. necessary in a locative call, has never 'been required in that

which is descriptive. The correctness of this principleis not contro-
verted. Still, it is necessary that the descriptive calls should designate the place so nearly, as to give information which vould enable a subsequent locater of ordinary intelligence to find the land previously entered, by making a reasonable search. It Will not be pretended, that in such a case as this, exactness in distance -or in course, would be indispensable to the validity of the entry; but distance and course are both intended to lead to the ash saplings, and, if unaided by other description, could alone be regarded by the person who should search for them. He would pursue a northeast course at least six miles from Harrod's lick; and not finding a western branch

V,"L X.

8

457 1825.
V. Peyton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
M-D.el. V.
'eyion.

of Hingston, would search f6r such a stream in
every direction, from the place to which he wag" conducted by his course and distance. In an unexplored country, covered with cane and other
wood, it wouid be extremely difficult to find an
object far from being conspicuous, t a distanc.e of two or three miles, and would require more time"and labour than ought to be imposed on a
per son desirous of appropriating the adjacent residuum. The counsel for the plaintiffs would not attempt to support such an entry; but they
contend"that the error in both course and distanice is corrected by other paits of the entry, and by the situation of objects to which the at-
tention is directed. The land is required to lie between Stoner and
Hingston; and the person who should pursue a northeast direction from Harrod's lick, in search of it, would trike Hingston at the distance of
five and one eighth miles. He would, consequently, know that he had passed the ash saplings, and would return in search of them. His search would be directed td a western branch of Hingston, at the forks of which the two whiteash saplings would be found. It is contended, that this description would lead the inquirer to the mouth of Clear creek, proceeding up which; he would find at one of its forks the white-ash
saplings, at which Tabb's entry begins. If this 'statement was strictly accurate, there
would certainly be great force in the argument founded on it. With certain information that Clear 6reek was called for in the entry, and that

of PlEL UNITED S'T,.S.

its beginning was at a place so well described as to be known when seen, it might no0t, perhiips, be too much, to require the person desirous of acquiring adjacent land to trace that creek to the forks at which the saplings stand. But the inquirer is not directed to Clear creek. He is directed to a western branch of Uihgston, and two branches empty into that stream, the one above and the other below the point, at lvhiei a northeast course from Harrod's lick would strike it, and about equi-distant from that point. There is no expression in the entry which would, in the first instance, direct the inquirer to Clear creek, on which the saplings stand, in preference to Brush creek, on which they do not stand. His attention would be rather directed to Brush creek, by a circumstance which is undoubtedly entitled to consideration, and has always received it in Kentucky. It is this: Clear creek had, at the time this entry was made, an appropriate name, which distinguished it from the other western branches of Hingston; and a locater, intending to place his beginning on that creek, might be reasonably expected to call it by its appropriate name, and not to refer to it by a general description which it possessed in common with many other streams. The inquirer, therefore, would proceed, in the first instance, to Brush creek, because that credk would be designated, when Tabb's entry was made, only as a western branch of Hingston. The plaintiff contends that this error would soon be corrected, becaus6 'the entry calls for a northeast course to run down the branch, and Brush

132.
M'Dowecll
V. Pey.oll,

4W9

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. creek bends so much at a small distance from its
,IN.'-D-owwelel lmouth, as to satisfy the inquirer that this could v. not be the stream intended by the entry. With
Peyton. the plat before us, we can readily make this dis-

covery. But a person unacquaihted with the course of Brush creek, would not 'make it until he had proceeded up It a considerable distance. He could not know, till he had .done so, that the creek would not again change its course, and pursue a southwestern direction. If, after making this discovery, he should go to Clear creek, he would find its first course from Hingston a very discouraging one ; nor would its course be adapted to the call of the entry, until he came within a very short distance of the fork at which the
saplings stand. Add to this, Clear creek -appears to fork several times before reaching the saplings; and at each of these forks, an accurate search must be made before the inquirer would proceed farther up the creek.
The course and distance from Harrod's lick, mentioned in the entry, are calculated to mislead a person desirous of knowing the land it designates; and although these errors might utnquestionably be corrected by other parts of the description, which would conduct us With reasonable certainty to the beginning, it may well be doubted whether the whole of this entry, taking all its parts together, and combining them, contaffis such reasonable certainty. Had it been ,new, for the-first time, brought before a Court for adjudication, it is liable to such great and seriou. objections. that it would most probably be

OF THE UNITED STAT.S.

pronounced invalid. But the highest Court of Kentucky has already given this decision; and this Court has always conformed to that construc-
tion of the legislative acts of a State, which has been given by its own Courts. This general principle is entitled to -peculiar consideration, when it applies to an act which regulates titles to land.
The case of Cochranv. Thomas, reported in Hardin, 261. depended on the validity of this
entry, and in that case, the Court decided against its validity. The authority'of this decision hag been questioned on several grounds.
1st. It was mad.e by only two Judges, when the Court consisted of four, the others being inte-
rested.
Had a cofitrary. opinion been avowed by both or eitherof the other Judges, or by any Judge since this decision was made, its authority would undotibtedly be .much impaired, if not entirrly annulled. But no such contrary opinion has been expressed, although the decree in Couchmanv. Thomas was pronounced in the spring term of 1808. Since then it was made by a tribunal, which was at the time legally constituted, and has remained unquestioned for sixteen years, this Court must admit its authority in like manner as if it had recpived the fbrmal approbation of a
majority of the Judges. 2d.- A second objection is, that it is a single
decision; and the Courts of Kentucky do not consider themselves, as b6und by a, single decision, if its princip.les are believed, on more ma-

1825.
M"Twel
v.
Feyton.

462
1825.
M
v. Peyton.

CASES IN THE SUPRE*;ME COURT
ture deliberation, to be unsound. Those Courts, we are informed, have often given different decisions on the same entry, when brought before them in a different case, prepared. with more care.
That different decisions will be often made on thi same entry, can excite no surprise, when it is recollected that the validity of an entry does not depend entirely on its own terms, but on the application of those terms to external objects, and the general notoriety of those objects, as proved by the testimony in each case. If in one case, the party claiming under an entry had neglected to prove the notoriety of some material call, by the notoriety of which its certainty was to-be established, in consequence of which defect the entry was declared to be invalid, this could constitute no reason for pronouncing the same decision in another case, between different parties, who had been careful to bring before the Court ample testimony of the fact on which the cause must depend. This difference of decision would constitute no difference of principle.
But the Court can perceive no new testimony in the case under consideration, which can vary it, to the advantage of the plaintiff, from the case of Couchman v. Thomas.
It may be very true, that a single decision cannot be permitted to shake settled principles, and that this Court ought not to consider one jidg ment as overturning well established doctrines, and introducing a new course of opinion. But, certainly, a decision on the .very point which has remained for many years unquestioned, has thIe

OF THE UNITED STATES.

first impression in its favour, and must be proved to overturn established principles before this Court can disregard it.
The land law of Kentucky requires that the
holder of a land warrant, shall locate it "so specially and precisely, that others may be enabled with certainty to locate other warrants on the
adjacent residuum."
In construing this provision of the law, Courts have always inclined to support entries, where this inclination could be indulged consistently
with the provision itself; but they have always supposed a reasonable degree of precision and certainty to be indispensable to the validity of
every entry.
They have laid down great general principles, in the application of which to ,particular cases,, the shades of difference are as numerous. and as nice as ii, the application of the principle, that the in-
tention of the testator shall govern, to the words of a will.
The description of the land to be acquired, whi.ch every entry must contain, may be divided into general and special. The general description must be such as to bring the holder of a warrant to be located -into the neighbourhood of the land already appropriatedand such as-to enable him to find that land with reasonable diligence; the special description, or, in the technical language of the country, the locative calls of the entry, must be such, a's to ascertain and identify the land. All the cases-recognise these princtiples, and claim4.o come within them.

1825.
Ml'Dowell
v. Peyton.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
M'DoweII
l',
Peyton.

The counsel for the plaintiff has cited many
cases, in which entries have been sustained, although the whole description they contain has not been precisely, accurate.
The Court has examined these cases, and is of opiniont, that'in all of them, although the description may bh in part defective and unceetain, such defect and uncertainty have been cured by other calls; which afford all the information that could be reasonably required. An example of this is furnished by the case of Ta.ylor v. Kincaid, (Hardin, 82.) The entry was made "on the head of Willis Lee's branch, four miles from Leesburg," and was sustained, although the head of the branch, was, in truth, eleven miles from Leesburg. In this base, however, the mistake in the distance was corrected by th e notoriety of the object itself. Willis Lee's branch, at the time, and before the locatiQn was made, was so notorious that the inquirer could n.ot be misled by the mistake in the distance. That a part of the description which is erroneous, maybe discarded, if the object called for is itself so notorious that it requires no aid from description, and cannot be mistaken; and that such part will not vitiate the entry, may be admitted, without impugning the judgment in the case of Couchman v. Thomas. Tabb's entry contains no descriptive call, which would conduct the inquirer to the white-ash saplings he is in search of, and the saplings themselves were iot objects of sufficient notoriety to cure the defects in'the ,reneral description.
Decree iffirmed

OF THE UNITED STATES.

that the same is a valid entry. It is, therefbre,
ORDERED ald DECREED, that the decree of tile said Circuit Court, dismissing the plaintiff's bill, ought to be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And this Court is further of opini.rn, that in cases of adversary title, such an adxersary possession as would bar an ejectment,
d;d the plaintiff possess the legal title, constitutes also a bar to a bill in equity. It is,therefore, further ORDERED end DEcREED, that this cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, with instructions to take such further proceedings therein, conformably to this opinion, as may be agreeable to equity and good conscience. All W~hich is ordered and decreed accordingly.

1825.
Curneal
v.
Banks.
Banks
Carneal.

[CHANCERY.]
CARNEAL and others, Appellants, v. BANKS, Respondent.
BANKS, Appellant, v. CARNEAL and others, Respondents.
The jbindeyr of improper parties, as citizens.of the same State, &ac. -iqil not affect the jurisdiction of the Circpit Courts in equity, as between the parties who are' pioperly be.fore the Court, if a decree may be pronounced as betw*een the parties'who are citizens of the saipe State.
A decree must be sustained by the allegatiohs of the parties, as well as by the proofs in the cause, and cannot be founded upon a fact not put In issue by the pleadins. '

1811-1

At.SES IN THE S'PREME cOURT

1825.

\

-_

Carneal

T.

Bn.

Banks v.
Carneal.

Feb. Qoth.

Th: treat% ot 77;::.,etw(,. rte U'nmed ,tates and France, allowed the 'itizen o -th:tcounuy to hold lands in the other . and the title, once rested in a French subject, to hold lands in the United States, %a, 'ot dexs-ted v the abiogation of that treaty, and the expiration of the subsequ1ent convention of ItV00.
Bill to tesci nd a con.,t for the exchange of lands dismissed under the special circuinztanes of the case.
THESE causes was argued by Mr. Tones, for Banks, and by Mr. Bibb, foir Carneal and others.

F.eb. E51th.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opi-
nion of the Court. These appeals are from a decree of the Circuit
Court for the District of Kentucky, in which Carneal's heirs were decreed to pay Henry Banks 2,500 dollars, for failing to perform a contract entered into between Thomas Carneal, their ancestor, and the said Henry Banks.
The bill filed by Henry Banks, clharges, that his agent, Cuthbert Banks, entered into 8 contract with Thomas Carneal, whereby he agreed to transfer to Carneal the right of the said Banks in 30,000 acres of land purchased by him from JohrpHarvie, for which right said Carneal "agrees to give a tract of 2,000 acres of land on Green river, patented for Philip Philips, which was sold out of a tract of 22,100 acres, by Philips, to Michael Lacassaign, deceased, by said Lacassign to said Carneal, on the goth of July, 1797, for which land said Carneal is to make a general warranty deed whenever thereunto -required."
The bill further charges, that Carneaf was guilty of fraud in pretending to have a good title

OF THE UNITED STATEb.

183

to the said 2,000 acres of land, the whole being covered with better titles, and in representing the land as much more valuable than it really is. The bill prays, that the contract may be rescinded, and that the · plaintiff may be reinstated in his rights to the said 30,000acres of land, or have the value thereof in damages. And that the heirs of John Harvie, deceased, in whom thelegal title to the said -30,000 acres remains, may be decreed to convey the same to him.
The heirs of T. Carneal deny all fraud in his representation of the value Of the land sold to the plaintiff,. and insist on their ability to convey the same. They admit, that the deed from Lacassaign to him was not recorded within the time limited*by law, one of the three subscribing witnesses then required for its proof, having
died -before it was offered to the Court. In con-
sequence of this circumstance, Carneal, in 1779, instituted a suit in Chancery against Lacagsaign, to perfect his title, which abated by his death. The
law being so changed as to admit deeds to record on the oat I{ of two subscribing witnesses, this deed was recorded in 1814, and the defendants are willing to convey, if directed so to do.
The defendants farther state, that the plaintiff's
original claim on the said 30,000 acres of land, was to only a moiety thereof, the other moiety being the property of the locator, which has been transferred to-the de.fendants. The said Banks
assigned the survey to J. Hlarvie, that the patent might issue in his name, in trust for the person entitled to the locator'q moiety. and the title still

1825.
Carneal
v.
Banks.
BaVnks
Carneal.

CASI-a IN THE SLPREME COURT

1825. remains in Harvie's heirs, clicunibcred by debts Carne.al...t-ue from Banks to Harvic, and by an obligation in
which Harvie was bound to Thomas Madison, as 13:111s. surety for Banks for the conveyance of military
"P.nks lands northwest of the Ohio. To obtain a title

c,,,.e.,

from Harvie, the said Carneal, in Sept-ember. 1799, bound himself to pay the debt -due from Banks, with Harvie as his-security, to Madison,

on condition that Banks would deliver him military land warrants to the ambunt of 4,300 acres;

and it was expressly stipulated, dhat Carneal should retain the title to the said 2,000 acres of land, until Banks should perform this contract.

He requires the plaintiff to show how he has per-

formed it. They understand that Harvie's heirs have a claim on the estate of their ancestor, of which they know nothing certain, and aver, that

the title to the locator's moiety of the said 30,000

acres of land, remains in the said heirs. The defendants, then, pursuing a practice authorized

by law in the State Courts of Kentucky, pray that their answer may be received as a cross bill;

and that Halvie's heirs, as well as Banks, may be made defendants to it, and may answer it ; and

that the whole controversy may be settled. On the 20th of September, 1799, J. H. convey-

ed to T. C. the moiety of the said patent for 30,000 acres, which had beiia sold by the said

Banks to Carneal. On the same day, the follQwing agrceme-it was

,ntered into: Thomas Cari-feal agrees to pay John Preston.
,r.Tolwi [-,r;,,.?O ave of military land,

OP THE UNITED STATES.

lying on the northwest side of the river Ohio,
surveyed on or before the 10th day of October, 1795, to satisfy a bond executed by the. said John Harvie, as security for Henry Banks, to Thomas Madison, deceased, dated the 6th day of'De· cember, 1795; provided the said Carneal shall receive from Cuthbert Banks, ih Kentucky, 4,300 acres of military dontinen tal land warrants, within ninety days after the said Carneal shall -make demand of them of Cuthbert Banks, in Lexington, in Kenticky; and provided the said Carneal shall not receive the warrants, he will not; afterwards, be bound to take them-unless he please& Henry Banks agrees that he will furnish the .said' 4,300' acres of military land warrants, through the agency of Cuthbert Banks, within the time above mentioned; and if he fails to do so, and the said Thomas Carneal satisfy the.. bond for military land due the estate of the said Thbmas Madison, as aforesaid, by the said H. B. and J. H., ii such case.the :sai,d H. B. obliges himself to satisfy and pay off the said obligation, accordingto .its.true value, upon the application of the said Thomas C~rneal, or still to give the 4,.00 acres of military land warrants, at the option of the said Carneal." .Signedby H. B. and T. C.
There are letters from J. H. to T. C., the last dated the 3d of March, 1802, not long before his death, urging T. 0. to satisfy the debt to the
estate of T. M.
-The answer of Banks to what is termed the cross *bill,states, that he has sued Madison's re-
presentatives. in Virgiriia, to compel them to re,,

1825. Carneal
V. Bki.
BaVn. ks
Carn i;

VOL. X

186

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. C' arneal-
v. Banks.
Banks
V.
6arneai.

ceive a compensation in muney fbr the military lands he was bound to pay, there being no lands which are within the description of the obligation; and that the suit is still depending.
The'parties agree that the debt to Madison is
not satisfied, and that the representatives of J. H. hold an obligation of T. C., deceased, for payment of the same, or as .indemnification to H., as referred .to in the answer and pleadings in the samIne.May, 1819, the plaintiff' filed -an amended
bill, stating that Michael Lacassaing was an alien, and never became a citizen of the United States. That his deed, being proved by only two witnesses, could not pass the title to T. C. That Carneal knew his title to 4e defective when he sold.to Banks. That Lacassaing left no heirs in this .ountry, and h as made. some person in
France his residuary, legatee. That there are debts and judgments against him to a large amount, which bind the land.
The answer aidmits Lacassaing to have been a Frenchman, but not an alien. That he emigrated
early to this country, before and at the close of The war, and continued a citizen till his death. They insist that the legal title passed, by the deed of the said Lacassaing, and deny that the landis encumbere.d.
The Circuit Court was of opinion, that.*ue c.ontract between Bank's*apd Carneal required that the tract .of2,000 acgesf which Carneal bound himself to convey to Banks, should be a tract lying on Green river, and that as the land did

OF THE UNITED STATES.

not touch the river in any part, it did not correpond with, and could not satisfy the contract. The Court therefore directed an issue to ascertain. the average value of 2,000 acres, part of the.land granted to Philips, to bind on the river.; and on receiving the verdict of the jury, directed its amount, with interest -thereon, to be paid to the plaintiff.
From.this decree both parties have appealed;. and the counsel for Carneal's heirs assign for error,
1. That the Circuit Court bad. no jurisdiction. 2.. That there is no allegation that the land - does not, in point of location, fit the description of it in the contract. 3. That the plaintiff has no right to relief in equity, until he xeleases Carneal' representatives from their undertaking to Harvie ; and Carneal's heirs have a right in equity to retain the land as an indemnity for that undertaking.. 4. If Banks can recover on the agreement, his remedy is at-law. 5. The decree against the heirs peisonally is erroneous. They are not named in the contiact, and the statute of Kentucky does not authorize. a suit against them personally in such a 'ase. L.. The objection to the jurisdiction 'of the sCdolfu,ritnishfisou-nbdilel,dtoonthis; that Banks' statds'him-
be a citizen of Virgin:a, and
.does not state the heirs of Harvid to be c tizeiis of Kentucky. They are, in truth, citiz ns of
Virgiriia.

·1825.
'* IC~rneal
v. Ba"ks.
Banks
'Carneal.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
CarnealI
v.
Banks.

If the validity of this objection, so far as re-
spects Harvie's heirs, be unquestionable, it cannot affect the suit against Cgrneal's heirs, unless it be indispensable to bring Harvie's heirsbefore

Banks the Court, in order to enable it to decree against

Carneal. Carneal's heir . This is not the case. Harvie

Joinder of had conveyed to Carneal, Banks moiety of the hPoer par- 30,000 acre tract of land, so that his heirs have affetng j,r- no lien upon it; and they ziever had a claim on Court. the 2,Oft acre"tract. They are made defendants

by Banis, under the ide.a that the title to the land sold by him to Carneal was in them; but this is a mistake. ' The title to that .lnd was in .Carneal's heirs; and Banks can have no claim
on the locator's moiety, the title'to which seems to have been.retained by Harvie. The bill, theretore, as to Harie's heirs, may be dismissed, Without in any manner affecting the suit against Carneal's heirs. That they. have been impro-
perly made defdndants in his bill, cannot affect the jurisdictio'n of the- Court as between those. partibs who are properly before it. It is thE mat-
ter contained in 'what ,is termed the cross bill, which may bring Harvie's heirs into the cause; and in that*suit they would be proper. parties, were they to appear, becatise the plaintiffs in it
are all citizens of Kentucky,.and the defendants appear to be 11 citizens of Virginia.a
,lisreprepetr .Th second error assigned has more weight. fatin n 'aThe variance between ihe location of the land
viII."De.cree
nImtl6t be sceun$&mallegala. a Vite.arite, Worinley v. Wormley, and .note a. Vol. VIII. p.
451. Kerr v. Watts, vol. VI. p. 558. Cameron v. M'Rberts, v,JIL p. 591. Russel v. Clark. 7 Cranch,.b02.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sold by 'Qarneal to Banks, and the description of 1825.

it in the eohtract, is not averred in the bill, and Carneal

is, consequently, not put in issue. The maxim,

.

that a decree must be sustained by the allga- Bank tions of the parties, as well as by the proofs in Banks

the cause, is too well established to be disregard- Carneal.

ed. It is, on this fact only, that the Circuit Court*

has rescinded the 6ontiact, and we do not think

there is any other. in the cause which would jus-

tify its being set aside. The alleged alienage

of Lacassaign constitutes no objection. Had

the fact been proved, this Court decided, in the

case of Chiracv. Chirac,(reported in 2 Wheat.

"Rep."259.) that the treaty of 1778, letween the

United States and France, secures to the citizens

and subjects of either power the privilege of

holding lands in the territory of the other; and

the omission' to record the deed in. time, may in-

volve the title in difficulty, but does not afinul it.

That circumstance might oppose considerable

obstacles to a decree for a specific performance,

if sought by Carneal's heirs, but does not justify a

decree to sdt aside the contract. There is no sub-

sequent purchasei, noris it certain, that the title

which Carneal's heirs can make, will or can ever

be disturbed by the creditors of iLacassaign.. In

such a State of things, there is, perhaps, no suffi-

cient cause for the interference of a Court of

*equity. Did this Court, then, concur with the

Circuit Court in its construction of the contract

between Banks and (Carneal, the decree could

not be affirmed, because the parties haire n6t put

that fact in issue. But the majority is rather dis-

CASES IN rHF SL PREML COURT

1825. posed to the opinion, that the words " lying on

Carneal Green river," as used in this contract, with refe-

V. i ence to a specific conveyance expressly mentionBanks. ed, which contains within itself information which Banks could not fail to suggest the idea that the land

V.
CarneaI. did not, in fact, bind on the river, may be satis-

fied with the land actually conveyed by Lacas-

saign to Carneal. The omission of Banks to

charge.Carneal with a misrepresentation in this

respect, countenances this explanation.. At all

events, the fact, if relied upon by him, ought to

have been put in issue, so as to give Carneal's

heirs an opportunity of controverting it, and of

bringing before the Court such facts as might

shed light upon it.

Were this construction to be established, and

were there no equitable objections tb allowing

Banks the full benefit of'his contract, a specific

performance migbP be decreed; but the bill seeks

to rc-cind the contract, and contains no prayer

for general relief.

There are, too, on the part of Carneal's heirs,

weighty objections to such a decree at thi time.

Plaintiff not 3. The third error assigned is, that Banks has
e tided to re-
lief-nhetilnn-o right to relief in equix=-til ,hereleases Car-
defndns f,neal's.representatives hnOm their undertaking to tIeobintioeo Harvie; and Carneal's heirs have a right in equity

their ancestor to retain
oh his accouht.

the

title

to

the

2,000

acres

of land,

as

an indemnity for that undertaking.

The testimony on this part of the cause is far from being satisfactory.
The coptract of the 20t- .of September, 1799, is expressed in such vague termsz as to leave it in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

some measure doubtful whether Carneal would not have been discharged from the obligation it imposed, on the failure of Cuthbert Banks to deliver the military land warrants for which it stipulates within ninety days after they should be demanded in Lexington. But it does not appear that they have ever been demanded; and the fact that Harvie's conveyance of the land sold by Banks to Carneal, was executed on the same dAy with this contract, goes far in showing, that the parties underSitood the obligation of Carneal to be absolute. The subsequent letters of Harvie to Carneal, show his opinion, that the obligation of the contract continued; and the admission of Banks, in the cause, goes to the same point. The Court must, therefore, consider Carneal's heirs as still liable for thie debt due from Banks, with Harvie as his security, to Madison's estate.
It is alleged, that Banks agreed, that the title to the 2,000 acres of land should remain in Carneal as an indemnity for this undertaking; but this allegation is totally unsupported by evidence.
Carneal's heirs also charge, that they, or some of them, have purchased the interest of the locator in the 30,000 acre tract, and that Harvie's heifs retain the title till Madison's claim shall be adjusted; but of this there is no proof.
Since, however, the legal title to the land sold by Carneal to Banks, remains in the heirs of the vendor, the Court is not satisfied that equity will
force it from them, or compel them to make compensation in money for any breach of the contract.

1825.
V. Banks.
Banks Carneal.

192

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. until Banks shall indemnify them f6r the under-

"taking

of their ancestor on his account.

M'Ccrm;ck Its unnecessary to proceed farther in the ex-

Sullivant. amination of this case, because the Court is of

opinion, that for the errors already stated, the decree of the Circuit Court ought to be reversed, and the bill be dismissed without prejudice.

Decree reversed.

[C AN'CEaY. RThs ADJUDICATA. LEx Loci.]
M'CORMICK and Wife and others, Appellants,
V.
SULLIVANT and others, Respondents.
The Courts of the United States are Courts of limited, but not of .izfer orjurisdicti6n. If the jurisdiction be not alleged in tilpero-
ceedings, their judgments and decrees nsay be reversed for that cause, on a writ of error and appeal ; but, until reversed, they are conclusive evidence between parties and privies. Th'title and disposition of real property is governed by the lex" loci roisite. The title to lands can only pass by devise, according to the laws of the State or country where the lands lie., The probate in one State, or country, is of no validity as affecting the title to lands in another.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio. The appellants filed their bill in equity in the Court below, setting forth. that Willihm Craw-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

CINSTANCE COURT.]

60 Pipes'Of Brandy.

SIXTY PIPES OF BRANDY. KENNEDY & MAITLAND,
Claimants.

Under tho Duty Act of 1799, c. 126. [cxxvi.] s. 43. it is'no cause ofr forfeiture, that the casks, which are marked and accompanied with' the certificates required by the act, contain distilled spirits which have not-been imported into the United States,- or a mixture of domestic with foreign spirits; the object of the act being 1he security
of the revenue, without interfering with those mercantile deices which look only to individual profit without defrauding the government.

APPEAL from the. Circuit Court of Massachuisetts.

This cause was argued by Mr. Emmet, for the march 1i4a appellants and claimants, and by Mr. Webster, for the respondents.

Mr. Justice JOHNSO delivered the opinion of March18t.
the Court. The libel jn this case contains two allegations,
and the amended or supplemental libel contains a third.
The first is, that these sixty pipes of brandy were imported from abroad, and landed in th. port of Boston. without a permit. The second, that they were not accompanied with the marks and certificates required by-law. And the third.

422

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. that they were imported fiom abroad, and landod 60 Pipes of in the port of New-York w.ithout a permit. Brandy. To the first and third of these allegations, the
record furnishes no evidence, nor, in .fact, is it contended, that the article seized is to be visited by the penalties inflicted for those offences, otherwise than as an incident to the cause of forfeiture contained in the secbnd allegation.
The passage of the law on which the libellants claim the forfeiture, is in these words; "and if any casks, &c. containing distilled spirits, &c. which, by the foregoing provisions, ought to be marked and aceompanied with certificates, shall be foundin possession of any person,. unaccompanied with such marks and certificates, it shall
be presumptive evidence that the same are liable to forfeiture; and it shall be lawful for any officer of the Customs, or of Inspection,.to seize them as forfeited; and if, upon the trial, in consequence
of such seizure, the owner or claimant of the spirits, &6. seized, shall not prove that they were imported into the United States according to law, and the duties thereupon paid or secured, they shall be adjudged to be forfeited."
The fact that these casks were accompanied witli certificates is-not questioned, nor that the certificates accompanying them were those which issued from the custom-house upon those identical casks. But, it is contended, that the identity of the spirits is destroyed by a large admixture of other spirits; and that, by the true construction of the- law, such a change falsifies the certificate, nd the cask§ are no longer, in the sense of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

423

the law, " accompanied by certificates." And, 1825. further, that such a change justified the -seizure, 60 Pipes of and wherever the seizure is just, the onus pro- Brandy. bandi is thrown upon the claimant, and he is held to comply strictly with the words of the law, ,and prove the spirits which they contain to have been " imported according to law, and tlhe duties thereon paid, or secured to be paid."
That such a construction of the law is carrying its penal effects beyond the literal meaning of its terms, we understand no one to dehy. The words are, " if any casks containing distilled spirits, which ought to be marked and accompanied with certificates," &c. That these .words must necessarily be confined to the cask, and cannot extend to its. contents, results, we think, from requiring the article to be rnarked, as well as accompanied with the certificate; a 'requisition, absurd in terms, if applied to the distilled spirits contained in the casks. And although the term, " the same," used in the member of the sentence
which imposes the forfeiture, might, with grammatical correctness, be applied exclusively to the cask, and thereby produce a greater absurdity, yet it may, with as much propriety, be applied to both the -cask and spirits as its antecedent; and this application is sustained by the subsequent words of the same period; which speak expressly and exclusively of the " claimant of the spirits," and leave the cask to be claimed only a.s an incident to the property in the spirits.
The constituaets of the offbnce here intended to be %isited on the claim:tint. obviously are.

424

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
60 Pipes of
Branxdy.

1. That the cask should contain distilled spirits.
2. That it should be one which the law r-.quires should be marked and accompanied with a zertifi-
cate, that is, one that has been used for foreign spirits. 3. That it.should be found in fie pos-
session of some person unaccompanied - ith the legal mark and certificates. When thes 3 three facts concur, the propertyis presumed su")ject to forfeiture; and it follows, that unless all t0 ,:constituents unite in the given case, it must bo a.case of innocence. But the whole argumen .ofthe libellant goes to impose a fourth circumstence as essential to the imputation of innocence, and the absence of which, of consequence, must e'xist in order to repel the imputation of crime; which is, that the distilled spirits in the cask should be the identical spirits imported in the cask -, and this, not from any necessary construction of. he. lan-
guage of the act, but as a deduction from the
supposed policy of the act. . We are indueed to adopt the opinion, that even
if it were consistent with the rules of construction to. give a latitude to the meaning of language used in a statute so highly penal, the language of this act is so far from sanctioning the construetion here contended for, that it actually repels it; for, it is observable, that when the act goes on to declare what it shall be incumbent on the defendant to establish, in order to escape the penalty of the law, the identity of the spirits found in the cask, with that originally imported, is not required to be pioved. It is only required, that he should prove the spirits seized to have

oF THE UNITED. STATES.

been legally imported, 'and the duties paid, and 1825.

whether

in

those

casks, or

any other

casks, is '-v
60 Pipes of

altogether immaterial to his, defence. Gin and Brandy.

brandy may interchange receptacles, and travel

together in perfect security, provided they have

been respectively legally imported, and the ori-

ginal certificates attend the casks to which they

were originally attached.

From this, we think it conclusively results,

that the government had nothing in view but" the

security of its own revenue, Without interfering

with those devices of the mercantile world which

look only to individual profit without defrauding

the government; and hence, that the spirit and

policy of the 43d section would carry us no fur-

ther than its express letter.

But there are other views of this subject.whiph

raise other questions in adjudicating on this

cause. And, first, it is very obvious, that if the

change of the contents of the cask c6uld invali-

date the immunities ifthe certificate in other

cases, it could not in ihe case where domestic

spirits have been substituted for that imported.

If the evidene establishes any adulterationi in

this case,- it proves it to have been made by the

addition of American spirits to the imported:

brandy. But when the act imposes upon the

claimant the necessity of proving " that the spii-

rits found in the casks were imported. into the

United States according to law, anld the.duties

thereon paid or secured," it could not have in-

tended to imipose an actual impossibility, by requiring suchi pn-,f is t-qpirit, ,-hich, ex ri ter-

Vny,. X.

-I

- ASEb IN PRE -- PREIME COURT

182 5.
'
00 Pipes of Brandy.

mini, were not imported. Much less could it have intended to leave open a chance of defence., where the substitution was of foreign liquors, upon which it might, by possibility, have been
defrauded, and preclude all defence as to domestic spirits, a trade in which, coastwise or in any wise, was perfectly harmless, and could not have
produced a fraud upon the revenue. But, although the libellant may have failed on
his second count, lie is entitled to all the benefit which the law allows him under. his first and third. And here the case rests upon the general provisions of the 50th, 70th, 71st, and some other sections of the Revenue Law, under which the Col1ector was certainly ju.stifiable in making any seizurle, where he had reasonable ground to suspect that a fraud upon the revenue, or a violation of the revenue laws, was meditated. And
upon showing probable cause for such seizure, the onus probandiis thrown upon the claimant. Whatever was the fact, the certificates of the
numerous individuals who examined this brandy, and testified to its equivocal nature, were sufficient to attract the Collector's attention, and justify his instituting an inquiry to determine whether this brandy, notwithstanding the certificates, had aatually paid the duty. The brandy which had paid the dtity, might, by possibility, have been drawn off, and other brandy substituted that had evaded the duty. It would be too much, also, to hold hirm to a correct construction of laws, which have excited doubts and elicited contrary opinions in Courts of justice. The claimant, there-

oQ rHE UNITED STATES.

fore, upon the general provisions of the Collec-
tion Law, was properly called upon to furnish an explanation of circumstances calculated to
excite reasonable suspicion. After comparing the mass of testimony which the ca.c affords, we are led to the conclusion, that the claimant has successfully repelled the charge of illicit importation. If,as before observed, the brandy was not the identical brandy imported in these casks in which it was seized, still all the evidence goes to prove that it was in part the same, and in part consisted of neutral spirits, which spirits two of the witnesses call American. Illegal importation, therefore, is out of. the case. And the views which we have taken of the subject render it unnecessary to examine the question, whether the evidence establishes the fact of adulteration or
not.

1825.
60 P"ip¢e"s' of
Brandy.

Deeree of condemnation reversed, with a certificate of probable cause.

152

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
'rEatlhmerendorf
V.
Taylor.

ants inthat cause,, as being the heirs of Harvie, than to two of them, who, lie alleged,
were -entitled to the land as devisees? If they did not complain of the decree, (and that they
did not, is 'proved by their-plea and demurrer to the bill of review,) and if the plaintiff in this bill was not injured by.it, the Court is at a loss to conceive, upon what legal or equitable ground, that decree could have been reversed for the errors growing out of the after discovered evridence. These observations apply equally to the
second and third errors assigned

Decree affirmed, with costs.

[CHANC.tAtX. LIITATIoiv. LOCAL Liw.]
EL31ENDORF,, Appellant, v. TAYLOR and others, Respondents.
Although. the statutes of. limitation do not apply, in terms, to Coifrts of Equity, yet the period of limitation which takes away a right of entry, or an action of ejectment;has been held bf analogy to bar relief in equity, even where the period of limitation for a writ of right, or other real action, had not expired.
Where an adverse possession has continued for twenty years, it constitutes a complete bar in equity, wherevgr an ejeetment would be barred if the plaintiff possessed a legal title.
The rule which requires all the parties in interest to be brought before the Court, dbes not affect the jurisdiction, but is subject to the discretion of the Court, and may be r.edified according to circumstances.
In the Courts of the United States, wherever the case may be completely decided is between the litigant parties, an interest existing

OF THE UNITED STATES.

in-smine other person, whom the process of the Court cannot reach, as Ifsuch party be a resident of another State, will nof prevent a

1825.

decree upor the merits.

Elmendorf

The Courts of every government have the exclusive authority of con-

V.

struing its local statutes, and their construction will be respected in Taylor.

ev..-r. other country.

This Court respects the decisions of the State Courts upon their local

stahutes, in the same manner as the Sta* Courts are bound by the

de.:iions of this Court in construing the constitution, laws, and

treaties of the Union.

In Kentucky, a survey must be presumed to be recorded at the expira-

tion of three nmonths from its date, and an entry dependent on it is

entitled to all the notoriety of the survey as a matter of record.

An entry in the following words; " W. D. enters 8,000 acres, begin-

nirg at the most southwestwardly corner of D. R.'s suivey of 8,000

acrts, between Floyd's Fork and Bull Skin ; thence along his west-

wa:'dly line to the corner ; thence the sasie course with J. K.'s lifie

north 20 west 964 poles, to a survey of J. L. for 2,000 acres;

theare with Lewis"line, and from the beginning south 70 west till

a line parallel with the %firstline will include the quantity," is a.

valid entry.

Such an entry is aided by the notoriety of the surveys, which it calls

to adjoin, where those' gurveys had been made three months ante-

rior to its date.

APPEAL from the Circuit Cour of Kentucky. This was a bill in equity, brQught by the appellant, Elmendorf, in the Court below, to obtaini a conveyance of lands held by the respondents under a prior grant, and under entries which were all older than his entry. But the defendants below relied entirely on their patefit; and the case, consequently, depended on the validity of the plaintiffIs entfy. This entry was made on the 19th of April, 1784, as follows: "Walker Daniel enters 8,000 acres, beginning at the most southwestwardly corner of Duncan Rose's survey of 8,000 acres, between Floyd's Fork and Bull Skin; thence along his westwardly line to the

VOL X.

20

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURI
1825. corner; thence, the same course with Granville EElmzeemrd-orrf Smith's lower Jine, to John Lewis' corner; thence
v. with Lewis' line, and from the beginning south Taylor. 7Q west, till a line parallel with the first will ir
elude the quantity." This entry was afterwar s explained and amended on the 1st of July, 17g4 so as to read as follows: " Walker Daniel enters 8,000 acres, beginning at the most southwestwardly corner of Duiican.Rose's survey of 8,000 acres, between Floyd's. Fork and Bull Skin; thence along his westwiardly line to the dbrner; thence the same course with. James Kemp's line north 20 west, 964- poles, to a survey of John. Lewis fr 2,000 acrs thence with Lewis' line, andfrom the beginning south 70 west, till a ine paral'lel with the first line will inclu;de the g'antbty.

Feb. Nth.

The plaintiff's bill was dismissed by the Court
below, and the cause brought by appeal to this Court. It was argued, at a former term, by Mr. Clay, and Mr. Talbot, for the appellant, and by. Mr. Bibb, for the respondents, and was again argued at the present term by the same counsel.
On the part of the appellant, it was contended, that the survey referred to in the amended entry,
was, at the time, an object of sufficient notoriety to give validity to the entry, which called for one vf its corners as a beginning. The Land La
of Virginia prescribes, ihat.survqys shall be returned to the:- office, and recorded in a reeord book, to be kept for- that purpose by the prfincipal surveyor, within three months from the time

OF THE UNITED $TATE-.

of their being made. This survey had thus become a matter of record: and subsequent purchasers were bound to know its position, in the same manner as they are bound to know the po-
sition of entries. The book of surveys has every quality of a record, except that the surveyor is restrained from grahting copies until the time limited by law, for the return of surveys to the
land office, has expired; and the notoriety at-
tached to the record of survey, does not entirely depend on the right to demand a copy of it. The right to inspect it still exists, and this right has been considered by the legislature as giving sufficient notice, to all persons interested, to enter a caveat against the issuing of a patent. Were the question of novel impression, there could be no doubt. But it had been settled by a long series of decisions in the local tribunal, and has become a settled rule of property, which this Court would respect, in the same manner as it always respected the interpretation of local statutes by the Statc Courts.a
On the part of the respondents, it was insisted, that the prohibition in the statute to give a copy of the survey, excludes the idea of that notoriety which is aseribed to a record. Though inserted for preservation in a book, which is termed a book of record, it does not become substantially a mat-
ter of record, until it becomes public and accessible to all the world. Even if an inspection of

1825.
E Elmmenddoorf
V.
rayldr.

a The cases cited are enumerated in the opinion of the Court.

156

CASES IN THE SUPREME C:OURT

'1825.
Elmendorf
V.
Taylor.

the book was demandable as a matter of right, such an inspection would, from the nature of
things, be of no avail, unless an office copy could be obtained. The notoriety of the surveys re-
ferred to in the entry, wbuld not, therefore, be inferred from the fact, that the three months, within which they were dircted by the statute
to be recorded, had expired before making the entry. It was, also, insisted, that the appellant's
61aim did not entitle him to maintain the bill in his own name, for the land in question. He was
a tenant in common with others, and could not be allowed to sue in equity without making his co-tenants parties to the bill.a The length of time
since which the plaintiff's title had accrued, was also insisted on as an equitable bar. More than twenty years had elapsed, and the principle was well settled, that a Cour of equity would adopt the analogy of the statute of limitations, applied to bar an entry, or an ejectment, as the rule to be applied to equitable rights and remedies.' Th6 statute of limitations is made to protect against ancient claims, whether well or ill founded, the

a Ainde. Pract.2. 16 Ves. 325. 6 Johns. Ch. Cas, 450 3 Bro. Ch.Rep. 229. 2 Ves. sen. 312. 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 199.
b Prdnds' Max. X. p. 8. Smith v. Clay,.3 Bro. Ch.Rep. 639. note. Jenner.v. Tracy, 3 P. Wins. note (B.) 2 Egu. Cas.,4Ar. tit. Length of Time." Cook v. Arnhan, 3 P. WMs. 283. Bond v.. Hopkins, 1 Scho. ! Lefr. 413. Hovenden v. Lord Annesley, 2 Scho. ,'Lef-. 607. 1 Vern. 196.s62. 1 Ch.
,ep. 105. s Atk. 225. 2 Ves. sen.. 226. 2 4tk. 83. Cholmondeley v.'ClintonR, 2 Jacobs 81 Walker, 138.

CF THE UNITED STATES.

1.57

evidences of .which may have been lost, or ob- 1825.

scured by time.'

El"VendRf Elmendlorf

V.
Mr. ChiefJusticie MARSHALL delivered the opi- Taylor.

nion of the Court.

'klarch 5th.

This suit was brought by the appellant, El-

.nendorf, in the Court for the seventh Circuit

and District of Kentucky, to obtain a conveyance

of lands held by the defendants under a prior grant, and under entries which are also older

than the entry of the plaintiff. As the defeAdants

do not adduce their entries, and rely entirely on

their patent, the case depends on the validity of

the plaintiff's entry. That was made in -April, 1784, and was afterwards, in July of the same

year, explained, or amended, so as to read as

follows: "Walker Daniel enters 8,000 acres, be-

ginning at the most southwestwardly corner of

Duncan Rose's survey of 8,000 acres between

Floyd's Fork and Bull -Skin; thence along his

westwardly line to the corner; thence the same

course with James Kemp's line, north 20 west, 964

poles to a survey of John Lewis for 22,000 acres;.

thence with Lewis' line, and from the beginning

south 70 west, till a line parallel with the first line

will include the quantity."

As this entry begins at " the most southwest-

wardly corner of Duncan Rose's survey of 8,000

acres*between Floyd's Fork and Bull Skin," the

first inquiry is, whether this survey was at the

,time an object of sufficienf notoriety to give va-

a Clementson v. Williams, 8 Cranc.'s Rep. 72. Shipp v. Miller, 2 W7neat. Rep. 1,24

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. lidity to an entry calling for one of its corners as Elmendorf a beginning. It is not pretended that the survey
S. itself had acquired this notoriety; but the plaintiff Taylor. contends that it had become a matter of record,
and that subsequent purchasers were, on that account, bound to know its position, in like manner as they are bound to.know the position of entries. The Land Law prescribes that-surveys shall be returned t) the office, and recorded in a record book, to be kept for that purpose by the principal surveyor, within three months from the time of their being made. They are to be returned to the land office in twelve months from their date, during which time the surveyor is forbidden to give a copy to any person other than the owner.
It is contended by the defendants, that this prohibition to give a copy of the plot and certificate of survey, excludes the idea of that notoriety which is ascribed to a record. Though inserted for preservation in a book which is denominated a book of record, it does not become, in fact, a record, until it shall partake of that characteristic quality of a record, on which the obligation to notice it is founded, being accessible to all the world. Were even an inspection of the book demandable as matter of right, which the defendants deny, that inspection would, they say, from the nature of the thing, be of no avail, unless a copy was also attainable. They insist, therefore, that the notoriety of these surveys is not to be implied from the fact that the. three months had expired, during which they were directed by law to be recorded

OF THE UNITED STATES.

The plaintiff contends, that the book of surveys 1825.

has every characteristic of a -record, except that EElrmnronrarf

the surveyo' is restrained from granting copies, v. until the time limited by law for the return of sur- Taylor.

veys to the land office shall ..have expired; and

denies that the notoriety attached to a record is

dependent entirely on the right to demand a copy

of it. He maintains the right to inspect it, and

insists that this right has been considered by the

legislature as giving sufficient notice to. all per-

sons interested in the property to enter a caveat

against the issuing of a! patent, from which he im-

plies that it is intended as a record to give no-

tice, although 6Lcopy of it cannot be obtained.

Were this questioil now for the first time to be

decided, a considerable contrariety of opinion re-

specting.it vould prevail in the Court; but it will

be unnecessary to discussit, if the point shall ap-.

pear to be settled in Kentucky.

This -Court has uniformly p'ofessed its dispo- How far this

sition,

"icases depending

on

the laws

of

a

parti-

'' sPet

the

de-

cular State, to· adopt .Stthatee construction which the cisionsCoofurtthse,

Courts of the State have given to those laws. utipoonns of qlouceasl-

This course is founded on the principle, supposed law.

to be universally recognised, that the judicial de-

partment of every government, where such depart-

ment exists, is the appropriate organ for constru-

ing' the legislative acts of that government. Thus,

no Court inthe universe, which professed to be

governed by principle., would, we presume, un-

dertake to say, that the Courts of Great Britain,

or of France, or of any other nation, had misun-

dprstood their own.statutes. mid therefore erect

160

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. itself into a tribunal which should correct sue mis,E,Jli-ml'e.ndorf understanding. We receive the constriction
V. given by the Courts of the nation as th( true Taylor. sense of the law, and feel ourselves no mre at
liberty to depart.from that construcgion, than to depart from the words of the statute. On this principle, the construction given by this Cc urt to the constitution and laws of the United Sta'-es is received by all as tile true construction; dnd on the same principle, the construction given by the Courts of the several States t6 th legislative acts of those States, is received as true,- unless they come in conflict with the constitution, laws, or treaties of the United States. If, then, this question has beeri settled in Kentucky, we must suppose it to be rightly settled.
The defendants contend, that conflicting opinions have been-giyen in the State, and that the question is still: open; while the plaintiff insists, that the rea1L-questo-n, that -is, the notoriety of a survey afteroIeffng made three months, has never been determined in the negative.
The fiist case of which we have any knowledge, is Sinclair v. .Singleton, (tughes, 92.) The decision of the Court was' in favour of the validity f an ehtry which calls for the lines of a survey. The Court is not in possession of the. book in which the case is reported; but, judging from the references made to it -in subsequent cases, the entry must have been made within twelve, and;probably, within three months of the date of the survey.
The next case in which the question was directly

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.16i

made, is Key.v. Matson, (Hardin,70.) decided 1825. in the fall term of· 1806. The survey had not EEdlmorefndorf

been made three months, at the date of the en- v. try; and the Court determined, that it was not TarIr.

an object of notoriety. *Arehearing was moved

for, and, according to the course of the Court of

Appeals of Kentucky, errors were assigned in-

the original decree. The first wad, that " the

Court has decided, that an entry dependent on a

survey not made three months, is void; whereas,

according to law, and former decisions, such an

entry ought to have-been valid."

The Court adhered to its first decision, and

used expressions) which, though applied to a

case in which the entry was made before the ex-

piration of three months after the survey on

which it depended, yet indicated the opinion, that

an entry, made aftbr the expiration of three

months from, the date of the survey, would be

equally invalid.

Moore v. Whitlege, (Hardin,89.) .and Respass

v. Arnold, (Hardin,115.) decided in the. spring

of 1807, were on the authority of Key v. Mat--

son, and were also cases in which the entries

were made a few weeks after the surveys. The

case of Cartwrightv. Collier, (Hardin, 179.)

decided in the spring of 1808, was one in which

the entry wa made only fifteen: days after the

survey. In Ward v. Lee, (1 Bibb, 27.) decided

in 1808, the entry cblled for a survey which had

been made twenty-three- days, of the return of

which, to the office, there was- no proof. the

Judge adds, " if it bad been returned and re-

VOL.. -X

21

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. corded, yet no person was entitled to a copy."
Elmeendorf This last observation is indicative of the opinion, v. that a survey, though recorded, would not become
Taylor. an object of notoriety until a copy of it was de-
mandable; but it was made in a- case in which that point did not occur. The case of Cleland's heirs v. Gray, decided at the same time, is of the same character. The survey was made sixteen days before the entry which called to adjoin it. The Judge says, " it is clear, that no description in this certificate of Evan Shelby's survey, can aid Weeden's entry, because it does not appear that the certificate was even made out, or deposited in the surveyor's office,, at the date of Weeden's entry. But, if it had been recorded, yet it was inaccessible to holders of warrants. They were not entitled to a. copy until twelve months after the making of the survey; nor was the surveyor himself bound to record it in. less than three -months after the survey was made."
In the case of Galloway v. Neale et al. (1 Bibb, 140.) the Judge who delivered the opinion of the Court, states the law thus : " If the holder of a warrant adopts a survey previously made upon another warrant as the basis of a location, he must prove the notoriety of the survey at that period, otherwise his location cannot be supported. If he .has adopted such survey at a period earlier than that at which the law has opened the record thereof for copies, he must prove its notoriety by eyidence aliunde."
This plain declaration of the opinioni of the Court on this point, was, however, made in a

OF THE UNITED S.TATES.

163

case in which it did not arise. The survey had preceded the entry which called for it, more than twelve months.
The cases of Davis v. Bryan,,(2 Bibb, 113.) and Davis v. Davis, (2 Bibb, 137.) decided in the spring of 1810, were, each of them, cases in which the surveys preceded the entries calling for them, less than three months.
It is, then, true, that from 1806 to 1810, inclusive, the prevailing-opinion of the Court of Kentucky was, that an entry could derive no aid from the description contained in the plat and certificate of a survey for which it called, until that survey had been made twelve months; but, it is also true, that this opinion has been advanced only in cases in which the point did not occur.
The first case in which the point actually occurred, was Carson v. Hanway, (3 Bibb, 160.) The entry was made on the 9th of February, 1784, and called for a survey made on the .15th of February, 1783. The entry was 'supported, on the principle, that the plat, and certificate of survey, constituted a part of it. In delivering the opinion of the Court, the Judge said, "when the survey has been so long made, that the law requires it to be of record, it will be presumed to be so, and a call for its lines, in an entry, will render it a paft of the description of such entry."
At the preceding term, before the same Judges, the case of Bush v. Jamison,(3 Bbb, 118.)-was argued, and the Court determined, that an entry could not be aided by the description contained in a survey which had been made only seven days

1825.
Elmendorf
ylor.

(_ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. prior to the entry which called to adjoin it. In giving its .opinion, the Court says, " how far a
Ellnendorf
V. subsequent adventurer would have been bound Taylor. by a description given in the survey of its begin-
ning corner, if the survey had been of record, is not material to inquire ; for there is no proof that the survey was, in fact, of record; and, as the law did not require that it should have been recorded at the date of the entry, a presumption that it was cannot be indulged, according to any rule of probability, or on any principle recognised in former adjudications of this Court."
These cases, decided so near each other, by the same Judges, show clearly, by the terms in which they are expressed, that the distinction between a survey, neither recorded in fact; nor in )resumption of law, was in the mind of the Court; and that its former ddjudications were considered.
Reed's heirs v. Dinwiddie,(S Marsh.Rep. 185.) was decided in the year 1820. In that case, ani entry called for a survey which had been made six months, and the Court determined, that the person claiming under this entry might avail himself oP the notoriety contained in the certificate of survey, " which, from its date, must have been of record."
Jackrman's heirs v. Walker's heirs, (3 Litt. Rep. 100-) is the last case which has been cited. It was decided in 1823. The surveys were made about ten months before the entry, which called to adjoin them, and the Court allowed to the entry a11 the aid which could be derived from the

OF THE UNITED STATES

165

description contained in the next crtificate of 1825.

survey;

because,

"from

the

length. bf time

t-hey

'._dob Elmendorf

had been made before the date of the entry in v. question, the law required them to be of record, "lor.

and, of course, they must be presumed to be soY

From the year 1813,,then, to the present time,

the Courts of Kentucky have uniformly decided,

that a surveymust be presumed to be recorded

at the expiration of three months from its date';

and that an entry dependent on it is *entitledto

all the notoriety which is possessed by the sur-

vey. We must consider the construction as set-

tled finally in the Courts of the State, and that

this Court ought to adopt the same rule, should

we even doubt its correctness.

We think, then, that the entry under which the

plaintiff claims, is aided by -the notoriety of the

surveys which it calls to ad..-A ,.if those surveys

have been made three months anterior to its

date.

This depends on the question whether it is to

date from April or July, 1784. The defendants

insist t!.at the amendment, or explanation, of the

first of July, does not change the ground original-

ly occupied, and is, therefore, not to be consi-

dered as having any influence on the date of the

entry, or as connecting it with the surveys men-

tioned in the amendment or explanation.

We cannot think so. This amendment would

be seen by zibsequent locaters, and would give

them as full notice that the entry adjoined the

surveys of Duncan Rose, James Kemp, and

John Lewis. as they would have received had the

(C'kSES IN THE SUPRLME COURT
1825. original entry been made on that day. Were it then to be conceded that the original entry, call-
1 mVen.dorf ing for Greenville Smith's line, insItead of James Taylor. Kemp's, would have been construed to cover thd
same ground which it now covers, still we perceive no substantial reason for refusing to the change made in its terms any advantage belonging to the date of that changc.
We think, then, for the purpose of the present inquiry, the entry is to be considered as if made on the first of July, 1784, and is entitled to all the notoriety of the surveys for which it calls.
This being established, we do not understand that any controversy remains on the question of notoriety. Some of the objects called for in the surveys are so well known, as to fix incontrovertibly the beginning of the entry made by Walker Daniel; and its validity is not questioned on any
other ground. The validity of the plaintiff's entry being es-
tablished, it remains to consider the other objections which are made to a decree in his favour.
2. It is contended, that he is a tenant in common with others, and ought not to be permitted to sue in equity, without making his co-tenants par-
ties to the suit. necReusslearayspatro-_ This objection does not affect the jurisdiction, ties to abill i,,but addresses itself to the policy of the Court. equity. Courts of equity require, that all the parties con-
cerned in interest shall be.brought before them, that the matter in controversy may be finally settled. This equitable rule, however, is framed by

OF THE UNITED STATES.

167

the Court itself, and is subject to its discretion. 1825. It is not, like the description of parties, an inflex·- Eimendorf ible rule, a failure to observe which turns the V. party out oi Court, because it has no jurisdiction Taylor. over his cause; but, being introduced by the Court itself, for the purposes of justice, is susceptible of modification for the promotion of those purposes. In this case, the persons who are alleged to be tenants in common with the plaintiffs, appear to be entitled to a fourth part, not of the whole tract, but of a specially described
portion of it, which may, or may not, interfere with the par.t occupied by the defendants. Neither the bill nor answers allege. such an inter-
fereAce, and the Court ought not, without'such allegation, to presume it. Had the decree ofthe Circuit Court been in favour of. the plaintiff, and had this objection to it been deemed sufficient to induce this Court to reverse it, and send back the case for the examihation of. this fact, it could
never have justi ed a d mission of the bill-without allowing the plaintiff an opportunity. of showing that he was the sole owner of the lands in
dispute. In addition to these observations, it may be proper to say, that the rule which requires that all persons concerned in interest, however remotely, should be made parties to the suit, though applicable to most cases in the Courts of the United States, is not applicable to all. In
the exercise of its discretion, the Court will require the plaintiff to do all in his power to bring every persorn concerned in interest before the Court. But. if the, case may be.completely de-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. cided as between the litigant parties, the circumElmendorf stance that an interest exists in some other per-
v. son, whom the process of the Court cannot reach, Taylor. Its if such party be a resident of some other State;
ought not to prevent a decree upon its merits. It would be a misapplication of the rule, to dismiss the plaintiff's bill because he has not done that which the law will not enable him to do.-
3. The third poiit in the defence is, the length of time which has elapsed since the plaintiff's equitable title accrued.
His patent was issued on the 11th of February, 1794, and those of the defendants are of prior date. His bill was filed on the 28th of December, 1815. Several of the defendants, in their answers, claim the benefit of the length of time. Lapse oftime, From the earliest ages, Courts of equity have
an equitable
bgyarto,tbhybeanefafeloct. refused their aid to those who have neglected, qf the statute for an unreasonable length of time, to assert otitathons teir claims, especially where the legal estate has
been transferred to purchasers without notice. Although the statutes of limitations do not, either in England, or in these States, extend to suits in Chancery; yet the Courts in both countries have acknowledged their obligation. Their application, we believe, has never been controverted; and in the recent case of Thomas v. Har,tie's heirs, decided at this term, it was expressly recognised. But, the statute of limitations, which
a As to who are necessary parties-to a bill in equity, vide ante, vol. 8. p.451. note a.
Vide ante, p. 146

OF THE UNITED STATES.
bars an ejectment after the lapse oftwenty years, 1826. constitutes no bar o a writ of right, even where Elmendort" the tenant counts on his own seisin, until thirty v. years shall have elapsed. Whether a Court of Taylor. equity considers an equitable claim to land as barred when the right of entry is lost, or will'sustain a bill as long as the -mere right may be asserted, is a question of some difficulty, and of great importance. The analogy of a bill in equity to actions founded on a right of entry, seems to derive somne. title to consideration, from the circumstance, that the plaintiff does not sustain his claim on his own seisin, dr that of his ancestor, but on an equity not necessarily accompanied by seisin, whereas seisin is an indispensable ingredient.in a writ of right.. But the case must depend upon precedent, and if the one rule or the other has been'positively adopted, it ought to be respected.
In the case of Jenner v. Tracy, (3 P. Wins. 287. ini a note;) the defendant demurred to a bill to redeem modrtgaged premises, of which the defendant had been in possession more than twenty years, and the dlemurrer was sustained; the Court observing, that*" as twenty years would bar an entry or ejectmeht, there was the §ame reason for allowing it to bar a redemption." It is added, that " the same rule was agreed in the case of Belch v. Harvey, by the Lord Talbot. In 8 Atk. Rep. 225. the Court expressed an opinion unfavourable to a demurrer in such a case, because the plahntiff ought tobe at liberty, in his replica.tion, to show, that he is within the exceptions of
Vol.. X. --

CASES IN THE S'IJIIREME COURT

1825.
EElmendorf
V.
Taylor.

the statute; but supported the bar when pleaded. The same principle is recognised in 3 Atk. Rp. 313. The rule appears to have been laid down in 1 Ch. Cas. and to have been observed ever
since.
In 3 Johns. Ch.Rep. Chancellor Kent said, "It is a well settled rule, that twenty years possession by. the mortgagee, without account or acknowledgment of any subsisting mortgage, is a bar to aLredemption, unless the mortgagor dan bring himself within the proviso in the statute of
limitations." These decisions were made on bills to redeem
mortgaged premises; but as no reason can be assigned why an equity of redemption should be barred in a shorter time than any other equity, they appear to us to apply with equal force to all bills asserting equitable titles. We have-seen no dictum asserting that the rule is not applicable to other equitable rights, and we should not feel justified in drawing a distinction which has never heretofore been drawn. But we think the rule has been applied to equitable rights generally.
In the 2d vol. of Eq. Cas.Abr. title " Length of Time," it is said generally, " that possession for more than twenty years, under a legal title, shall never be disturbed in equity." The case of Cook v. Arnham, (3 P. i;ns. 283.) was a bill brought to supply the want of a surrender of copyb old estate to the use of the will; and it was objected, that the application to tne Courthad been unreasonably delayed. The Lord Chancellor said. that " the length of time was not

OF THE UNITED STATES

above fourteen years, which, as it would not bar an ejectment, so neither could itb'ar a bill in equity."
The case of Bond v. Hopkins et al. (1
Sch. 4 Lef. 413.) was a suit brought by a
person claiming to be the heir, to set aside a will alleged to be obtained by fraud, to obtain possession of title papers, and to remove impediments out of the way in a trial at law. Length of possession was set up as a bar to the relief prayed for in the bill; and the question, which was discussed at the bar by very eminent counsel, was profoundly and deliberately considered by Lord Redesdale. The testator died in November, 1754, and the bill was filed in June, 1792, so that thirty-eight years had elapsed between the death of the testator and the filing of the bill. As this time was not sufficient to bar a writ of -ight, no question could have arisen respecting the act of limitations, had the rule of "granting relief in equity depended on the ability of the plaintiff to maintain a writ of right. But the rule was clearly understood, both at the bar and by the CoUrt, to be, that the equitable rule respecting length of time had reference to twenty years, the time during which the right of entry- was preserved,- not to the time limited for maintaining a writ of right. In the very elaborate and very able opinion given by the Chhncel]or, in this case, in which he investigates thoroughly the principles which govern a Court of equity in its decisions on the statute of limitations, it is not insinuated that it acts in any case friom

1825.
Elmenorf Taylor.

tA-ES IN THE SUPRrME COURT

1825. -,
Elmendorf
Taylor.

analogy to a writ of right, but is assumed as an acknowledged and settled principle that it acts from analogy to a writ of ejectment. In this case, a suit had been instituted by John Bond, the grandfather of the plaintiff, as early as 1,755, and a decree pronounced in 1770. The full benefit of this decree was not obtained, and John Bond took forcible possession of a part of the property, of which he Was dispossessed by order of 'The Court, on a bill for that purpose, brought by the defendant. The said John Bond died in prison, in 1774, having first devised the property in dispute to-his son Thomas, then an infant, for life, with remainder to his first, and other sons, in strict settlement. Soon after his death, an ejectment was brought by the defendant, to recover part of the property in possession of Bond; and in 1776, a bill was filed by Thomas Bond, then a minor, to enjoin the defendants from proceeding in their ejectment, and to have the will delivered up. Various orders were taken; and in June, 1792, an original bill, in the nature of a bill or revivor, was filed by Thomas Bond, and his eldest son Henry. In discussing this case, so far as respected length of time, no doubt was.entertained that the plaintiffs would have been barred of all relief in equity, by a quiet 'acquiescence in the possession of the defendants fbr twenty years. It was a strong case of fraud, but an acquiescence of twenty years would have cl6sed the Court of Equity against the plaintiffs.- This was not questioned; but it was insisted that the pen-
dency of suits, from the year 1755. when John

OF THE UNITED STATF,S.

Bond, the son and heir of the testator, returned 1825.

from America, had preserved the equity of the. Eendoi-

plaintiffs, unaffected by the lapse of time; and of

vi
Taylor.

this opiion was the Court.

The case of Hovenden v. Lord Annesly, (2

Sch. 4"Lef. 607.) was a bill filed in May, 1794,

to set aside a conveyance madein July, 1726, al-

leged to have been fraudulently obtained. There

were some circumstances on which the plaintiff

relied, as.relieving his case from the laches just-

ly imputable to him for permitting such a length

of time to elapse ; but they Aeed not be noticed,

because they were deemed insufficient by the

Chancellor, and the bill was dismissed. In dis-

cussing this point, Lord Redesdale reviewed the

cases which had been determined, and said, " that it had been a fundamental law of state po-

licy, in .alcountries, and at all times, that there

should be some limitation of time, beyond which

the question of title should not be agitated. In this couintry, the limitation has been fixed (ex-

cept in -writs of right, and writs depending on

questions of mere title) at twenty years." " But it is said, that Courts of equity are not

within the statute of limitations. This is true in

one respect; they are not within the words of

the statutes, because the words apply to partiCular legal remedies; but they are within the spirit

and meaning of the statutes and have been al-

ways so considered." After reasoning for some

time on this point, and citing several cases to

show " that wherever the legislature has limited

a period for law proceedings. equity will, in ana-

(. ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. logous cases, consider the equitable rights as Elmendorf bound by the same limitation," he says, " a
V. Court of equity is not to impeach a transaction Taylor. on the ground of fraud, where the fact of the al-
leged fraud was within the knowledge of the party sixty years before. On the contrary, I ihink the rule has been so laid down, that every right of action in equity, that accrues to the party, whatever it may be, must be acted upon, at the utmost, within twenty years."
This question was fully discussed, and solemnly, and, we think, finally decided, in the tase of the Mfarquis Cholmondeley v. Lord Clinton et
al. reported in the 2d vol. of Jacobs 4 Walker.
In that case, the title accrued in December, 1791, andthe bill was filed in June, 1812. Other pdints were made; but the great question on which the cause depended, was the length of time which had been permitt.ed to elapse; and this question, after being argued with great labour and talent at the bar, was. decided by the Court, upon a full review of all the cases which are to be found in the books. It was considered, and was treated by the Court, as -one of the highest importance ; and the opinion was unequivocally expressed, that " both on principle and authority, the laches and non-claimn of the rightful owner of an equitable estate, for a period of twenty years, (supposing it the case -of one who must, within that period, have made his claim in a Court of law, had it been a legal estate,) under no disability, and where there has been no fraud, will constitute a bar to equitable relief. bv analogy to the statute of limitations.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

if, during all that period, the possession has been held under a claim unequivocally adverse, and without any thing having been done, or said, dire.ctly or indirectly, to recognise the title of such
rightful owner by the adverse possessor." Upon this ground alone the 6ill was dismissed. The plaintiff appealed to the House of Lords, and the decree was affirmed.
The Lord Chancellor, in delivering his opinion in the House of Lords, took a distinction, as to length of time, between trusts, " some being express, and some implied." " In the case of a strict trustee, it was his duty to take care of the interest -of his cestui qque trust, and he was not permitted to do any thing adverse to it; a tenant also had the duty to preserve the interests of his landlord; and many acts, therefore, of a trustee, and a tenant, which, if done by a stranger, would be acts of adverse possession, would not be so in them, from its being their duty to abstain
from them." In a case of actual adverse possession, how-
ever, as was that before the House, his lordship considered twenty years as constituting a bar. Lord Redesdale was of the same opinion, and, in the course of his address, remarked, that "it had been argued, that the Marquis Cholmondeley might, at law, have had a writ of right. That was a writ to which particular privileges were allowed, but Courts of equity had never regarded that writ, or writs of formedoi, or others of the same nature. They had always considered the provision in the statute of Jameq, which applied

1825.
'lIdor
V.
Taylor.

I kFE,; IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. to rights, and titles of entry, and in which the Ejnendorf" period of 'imitation was twenty years, as that by
V. which they were bound, and it was that upon Taylor. which they had constantly acted."
This is not an express trust. The. defendants are not to use the language of the Lord Chantellor in the case last cited, " strict. trustees, whose duty it is to take care of the interest. of cestui que trusts,and who are not permitted to do any thing adverse to it." They hold under a title in all respects adversary to that of the plaintiff, and their possession is an adversary possession. In all cases where such a possession has continued for twenty years, it constitutes, in the opinion of this Court, a complete bar in equity. An'ejectment would be barred, did the plaintiff possess a legal title.
This point has been decided in the same manner by the Courts of Kentucky. The counsel for the plaintiff insist, that those decisions are founded on tfie peculiar opinions entertained by that Court respecting writs of right. We do not think so. Their doctrine on that subject is, indeed, used as an auxiliary argument; but it is merely auxiliary to an opinion forlmed without its aid.
'rhe decree of the Circuit Court is to be re-
versed, and the cause remanded to that Court, with instructions, that the entry under which the plaintiff claims is valid;, but that the adversary possession of the defendants respectively, constitutes a, complete bar 'to. the plaintiff's bill:

OF THE UNITED ",TATL..-

wherever it would constitute a bar to ianujet- 1825.

ment, did the plaintiff possess the legal title.-

El'm2oendorl

(a, Although, in general, length of time is no bar' to an express

V.
Taylor

trust, clearly established to have once existed.; yet, as lengtb of time necessarily obscures all human evidence, and deprives parties of the means of ascertaining. .he nature of th6 original transactions,

it operates, by way of presumption, in- favour of innocence, and against the imputation of fraud. It was, therefore, held by this

Court, that the lapse of forty years, and the death'of all the ori-

ginal parties,.would discharge and eitinguish a trust, provwd once to have existed by" strong circumstances ; by analogy to the rule'

of' law, which, after.the lapse of time, presumes the payrrivnt of a

debt, surrender of a deed, and extinguishment of a trust, where cir.cumstances require it. (Prevost v. Gratz, ante, vol V]. p. 481. 497".) In-the case of Hlillary v. Waller, (12 Ves. 265.) the whole subject of presumptions from the lapse- of time is gone fully into

by Lord ERsxiNE, both as applicable to incorporeal hereditaments,

and where therA is a written title. He states 'the doctrine to be founded in reason, the nature and-cha'racter of marn, and.the re-

suit of humadi experience. " It resolves itself into thi,; that a man will naturally enjoy what belongs to him." 11It has been

said, you cannot presume, uniess you believe. But it is because

there are no means of creating belief or disbelief, that such general presumpiions are raised upon suibjects, of which there is no record

or written muniment. Therefore, upon the weakness and infirmity of'all human tribunals, judging of matters of antiquity, instead of'beliefr, which must be the foundation of the judgment upon a

recent transaction, where the circumstances are incapable of forming any thing like belief, the legal presumption holds the place of

particular and.individual belief."

Although some of the principles laid down in this decision

seem to be questioned by Mr. Sugden, in his treatise on the Law

of Vendors and Puechaqert, (p. 250.) yet it was cited with entire

approbation, and its doctfine adopted by this Court, in determining the abdve case of Frevost v: Gratz, (ante, vol. VI. p. 504.)

In thh case of Smith v. Clay, (reported in 3 Bro. Ch.Rep. 639. note,) and. which isalso cited and-adopted by this Court in the

case of "T!omas v. Harme's heirs, (ante, p. 146.) L6rd, CADIDE4

says, " A Court of equity, which is never actihe in relief aeamsr

Vo;. X.

2s

CksF- IN" I- -,- PRI-ME COURT

1825. DECREE. This cause caine on, &c. on con-

Elmendor.f s-leid'oe' ration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that

.
Tavlo..

there is error in the decree of the said Circuit

conscience, or public convenience, has always refused its aid to stale demands, where the party has slept upon his rightand acquiesced for a great length of time. Nothing can call forth this Court into activity, but conscience, good faith, and reasonable -diligence; where these are wanting, the Court is passive, and does nothing. Laches and neglect are always discountenanced, and, therefore,.from the beginnin'g of this jurisdiction, there
was always a limitation to suits in this Court." After applying this principle to limit a bill of review and appeals, by analogy to the statute concerning writs of error, he proceeds to cite tle fiaxim, Rpedit reipublcce ut sit finis litiun, arid to state that it had prevailed in the Court of Equity, in all times, without the help of an
-act of Parliament. ccBut as the Court has no legislative authority, it could not properly define the time of bar, by a positive rule, to an hour, a minute, or a year; it was governed by circumstances. Bvt as pften as Parliament bad limited the time of actions and remedies to a certain period in legal proceedings, the Court of Chancery adopted that rule, and applied it-to similar cases in equity. For where the legislature had fixed the time at law, it would have been preposterous for equity, which, by its own proper authority, always maintained a limitation, to countenance laches beyond the period that law has been confined to by Parliament. Therefore, in all cases, where the legal right has been barred by Parliament, the equitable right to the same thing has been concluded by the same
bar. Thus, the account of rents and profits, in a common case, shall not be cairied beyond six years. Nor shall redemption be allowed after twenty years possession in a mortgagee.: )
So) also, this Court, in the case of Hughes v. Edwards,(ante, vol. IX. p. 489. 497.) adopted the same principle in relation to the effect ofte lapse oftime upon the respective rights ofmortgagor and mortgagee, and of purchasers claiming under the former.
The great case of Cholondeley v. Clinton, cited in the text, was that of an estate subject to o mortgage in fee, Jeing in settled nient with an ultimate limitation to the right heirs of S. R.; A., on the expiration of the previous estate, entered, claiming to be ,n~ittlpd.. under the liniratoa - ad he. and after his death, his son.

oF THE UNITED STAT.
Court, in this, that the said Court determined, 1825. that the entry in the bill mentioned, made by Elenor Walker Daniel, on the fiist day o April, 1784, Tayvlo.r.
continued in quiet possession, paying interest on the mortgage, for twenty years. It was finally determined, aftfir much litigation, that the devisee of the person really entitled under the limitation, was barred by the length of time.
The case, as first decided in the Court of Chancery, will be foufd reported in 2 Meriv. Rep. 173. 357. where it was determined, by Sir W. Grant, M. R., that the lapse of tir.i.- was no bar by analogy to the statut6 of limitations. Upon ;ts a;irwards coming on before his successor, Sir T. Plumer,the latter delivered a learned and elaborate judgment, which will be found reported in 2 Jacobs 'Walker' 138. tending to show, that whe.r~ver in the claim of a legal estate, the remedy is barred in a Court of law by the statote of limitations, the remedy for an equitable est .te will be equally barred, by the lapse of the same period of time, in a Court ol equity. An appeal was taken to the House of Lords, and'in" moving the judgment of the House, Lord Eldon adverted to the general principles adopted by Courts of equity on the subject of length of tme, and observed on " the vast difference between trusts, some being express, some impjied; some, relations .formed between individuals in the matter in which they deal- with each. other, and in which it could hardly be said, that one was trustee, aid the other cestai que trust,and yet it could not well be denied, that ·for some purposes they were so. Of this kind, he took the xela.timn between mbrtgagor and mortgagee to be. In the case of a strict trustee, it was his duty to take care of the interest of his cestui que trust, and he was not permitted to do any thing. adverse to it; a tenant, also, had a duty to preserve the interests of his landlord ; and many acts, therefore, of a trustee and tdnant, which, if done by a stranger, would be acts of adverse possession, would not be so in them, from its being .their duty to abstain froin them. But the case of a mortgagee was different, he being at liberty to hold possession, and not becoming strictly a trustee until the money was tendered to him, and having a right, if he continued in possession for twenty years, without acknowledging the mortgage, to turn round on the mortgagor, and say that the estate was his own

\-ES IN THE SUPREME ('01R'

1823.
EEijmmen"idoorf
v.
Taylor.

.,nd ,.xplained on the first day of July o, tnt
:anie v.ar. on which the plaintiffIs title is foundcd. Is invalid whereas, this Court is of opinion.

His lordship could not agree to, and had never heard of, suth :, ruie, as that adverse possession, however long, would not avail against an equitable estate ; he meant, where ther- was no duty which the person who has it has undertaken to discharge for him against whom he pleads adverse possession. The poss,.ssioni of
Lord Clinton was adverse; it had been said, that it was taken by
consent, fouided on mistake ; but that did not make the posses.ion the less adverse, because Lord Clinton took, and kept it for himself, where he owe.1, as it appeared to him, no duty to Lord Orfore.. He concluded by stating his opinion to be, that adverse possession of an equity of redemption for twenty years, was a bar to an;.h,'I person claiming the same equity of redemption, and worked the same effect, as disseisin, abatement, or intrusion, with respect to legal estates ; and that, for the quiet and peace of titles, and the world, it ought to have the same effect. Lord Redesdale concur-
red, and the decree was affirmed. Although, in general, lapse of time is not a bar to a direct trust,
as between trustee and cestui que trust, so long as there is a continuing and subsisting trust acknowledged and acted tpon between the parties, yet this must be 'understood as applyin:g to s'.,ch trusts only as are the creatures of a Court.of equity, or strict technical trusts, and not to those which are within the cognisance of a Court of law; for, in regard to all those trusts which are the ground of an action at law, and where there is a concurrent jurisdiction at law, and in equity, the rule is the same, and the statute is a bar, both in a Court of law, and equity. 'Kane v. Bloodgood, 7 Jotns. Ch. Rep. 90. 127.) And, though in cases of trusts peculiarly and exclusively of equity jurisdiction, the statute does not apply ; yet, if the trustee denies the right of the cestui que trust, and the possession of the property becomes adverse, lapse of time may constitute a bar in equity. (lb.) And where a person takes possession of property in his own right, and is, afterwards, by evidence or construction, changed into a trustee, he ray insist on the lapse of time as a bar. (Decouche v. Savatier, 3 Johns. Ci.
Rep. 190.)

OF THE UNITED STATES.

that the same is a valid entry. It is, therefbre,
ORDERED ald DECREED, that the decree of tile said Circuit Court, dismissing the plaintiff's bill, ought to be, and the same is hereby, reversed and annulled. And this Court is further of opini.rn, that in cases of adversary title, such an adxersary possession as would bar an ejectment,
d;d the plaintiff possess the legal title, constitutes also a bar to a bill in equity. It is,therefore, further ORDERED end DEcREED, that this cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, with instructions to take such further proceedings therein, conformably to this opinion, as may be agreeable to equity and good conscience. All W~hich is ordered and decreed accordingly.

1825.
Curneal
v.
Banks.
Banks
Carneal.

[CHANCERY.]
CARNEAL and others, Appellants, v. BANKS, Respondent.
BANKS, Appellant, v. CARNEAL and others, Respondents.
The jbindeyr of improper parties, as citizens.of the same State, &ac. -iqil not affect the jurisdiction of the Circpit Courts in equity, as between the parties who are' pioperly be.fore the Court, if a decree may be pronounced as betw*een the parties'who are citizens of the saipe State.
A decree must be sustained by the allegatiohs of the parties, as well as by the proofs in the cause, and cannot be founded upon a fact not put In issue by the pleadins. '

2-U4
18125. - Wright
V.
Denn.

CASEb EN THE :i.PREME COLRr
will, or of the claim of the daughters, Fbr we arti all of opinion, that the probate of the will in Pennsylvania cannot be considered as constructive notice to any person, of the devise of the lands in controversy. The decree of the Court below must, therefore, be affirmed generally, with costs.

DE'.'isE.

\VmRHT. Plaintiff in Error, v. DE PAGE, Defendant in Error.

u:.r dc/n.

-1.P., by his last will, after certain pecuniary leacies, devised as fullows : "Item, I give and bequeath unto my loving wife M., all the. rest of my lands and tenements whatsoever, whereof I shall die seised in possession, reversion, or remainder, provided she has no lawfulissue. Item, I give and bequeath unto M., my beloved wife, whom I likewise, constitute, make, and ordain, my sole executrix of this my last will and testament, al- andsingular my lands, messuages, and tenements, by herfreely to be possessed and enjoyed," &c. "and I make my loving friend, H. J., executor of this my will. to take care, and see the same performed, according to my true in-
tent and meaning," &c. The testator died seised without issue, and, after the death of the testator, his wife M. 'married one G. W.. by whom she had lawful issue. Held, that she took an estate for
life only under the will of her husband, J. P. Where there are no words of limitation to a devise, the general rule
of law is, that the devisee takes an estate for life only, unless, from the language there used, or from other parts of the will, there is a
plain intention to give a larger estate. To make a pecuniary legacy a charge upon lands devised, there must
be express words, or a plain implication from the words of tle vil

UF THE UNITED STATEb.

205

ERROR to the Circuit Court of New-Jersey.
This was an action of ejectment brought in the Court below. The sole question arising upon the state of facts in the cause, was Upon the construction of the will of James Page, made on the 15th of February, 1774. By that will, after the usual introductory clause, the testator proceeds as follows: " Item, I give and bequeath unto my beloved sister, Rebecca, 100 pounds, proclamation money, to be paid in four years after my decease.
" Item, I give and bequeath unto my beloved
sister Hannah, the sum of 50 pounds, proclamation money, to be paid when she is of age.
item, I give and bequeath unto my sister,
Abigail, the like sum of 50 pounds, proclamation money, "to be paid when she arrives at age.
"Item, I give and bequeath unto my loving wife Mary, all the rest of my lands and tenements whatsoever, whereof I ha1 die seised, in possession, re.%ersion or remainder, providedshe has no
lawful issue. "Item, 1 give and bequeath unto Mary, my belov-
ed wife, whom I likewise constitute, make, and or-
dain, my sole executrix of this my last will and testament, all and singularmy lands, messuages and tenements, by herfreely to be possessed and
enjoyed; and I do hereby utterly disallow, revoke, and disannul, all and every other former testaments, wills, legacies, and bequests, by me in any ways before named, willed and bequeathed, ratifying and confirming this, and no other, to be my last will and testament. And I make

1825.
W
v.
Denn.

0-0b
1825.
Wrighhf
V.
Denn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
my loving friend, Henry Jeans, of the county and
province aforesaid mentioned, executor of this my will, to take care and see the s~ime performed, according to my true intent and meaning ; and
for his pains," (leaving the sentence incomplete.) " In witness whereof," &c. (in the c!ommon'form of attestation.) The testator was seised of the land -in controversy at the time, of the will, and died seised, without issue, on the 10th day of October, 1774, leaving his wife Mary, the devisee, who, afterwards, married one George Williamson, by whom she had lawful issue still living, and died in the year 1811. The lessor of the plaintiff is the brother of the testator, and his' only heir at law. The defendant claims title to the premise s as a purchaser under Mary, the wife of the testator.
The title of the testator to the premises was derived from a devise in the will of his father, John Page, dated the 11th of November, 1773. That will, among. other things, contained. the following clause: "Item, f give and devise unto my son James., one equal half part of my land, (comprising the land in controversy,) with all my plantation, utensils, &c. &c. to him, his h-irs and "assignsf,or ever." He.then gives the other moiety of the land to his son John,,to him, his heirs and assigns. He then .bequeaths several legacies to his daughters, Sarah and Mary, and adds, "Item, I give and bequeath to my three daughters, Rebecca, Hannah, and Abigail, Rebecca the sum of 50 pounds, Hannah and Abigail the sum of 50 pounds each of them. Like-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
wise it is my will,.thatmy son,Jlmes do pay Han- 1825. nah and Abigail the said sum of fifty pof und·sWright each, when they come of age." He then con- V. eludes h-s will by appointing an executor, and Denn. revoking all former wills, &c. ; and died soon afterwards.. James*(the son) left no other real estate than that devised to him by this will. What personal estate he or his father left, at the times of their decease, was not found in the case; and, therefore, it did not appear whether or not it was sufficient to pay thie legacies in their wills.
The Court below gave judgment for the lessor of. the plaintiff, .who was the heir at law of the testator, and the ·cause was brought, by writ of error, to this Court.

.Mr. Wood, for the plaintiff in error, contended, that..Ma'y, Ithe wife of the testator, took a fee simple under the devise.
It was admitted, that a devise of land, without any technical words of limitation, or explanatory words, gives only an estate for life. But the in'tention of the testator will supersede this rule, and is the polar star to guide iii the construction of wills. The local legislature were so impressed with the good sense of this principle, that, in 1783, a few years after the mnitking this will, they passed a statute, declaring that a devise of lands should pass a fee, unless it was expressed to be
for life only. Courts ought, therefcre, to be libe-
ral, in considering the explanatory words and circumstances relied jon, to*show an intention to devise the fee; by s0 doing, they further the in-

Feb..21st.

u.k,SES IN THE 1rUPREME COURT

1825. tention of the testator.- (Grater certainty is not

\.O-

-blattained

Wright--

by ;trittid than 1w a liberal construction

V. of devises. The only mode of arriving at cerDenn. tainty is, by admitting a general devise to pass a

fee, or by requiring strict technical words of limi-

tation. The notion that descent is the general

rule, and devise tho. exception, is more specious

than solid. They are both distinct, co-ordinate

rules.

He would first examine the clauses of the de-

vise in question separately, and then, consider

their combined operation.

The words;" all the rest of my lands and tene-

ments, whatsoever, whereof I shall die seised, in

possession, reversion, or remainder," &c. are

sufficient to pass a fee. The words rest, and in

reversion or -remaindero, ught not to be rejected,

if a meaning can be discovered for them. The

devise of all the rest of his lands to his wife,

clearly imports, that the previous pecuniary lega-

cies shall be a charge on the lands, and-that his

wife shall be entitled to whatever interest re-

mains after the legacies are paid. A charge on

lands may be implied in a will.' An estate tail

in lands may be created by implication from a

proviso ;c a fortiori, a charge may be implied.

a Richardson v. Noyes, 2 Mass. Rep. 59. Doe v. Richards, s Term Rep. 359. If Wes' Rep. 140. Goodright &t.Allen, 2 Jr.
BL 1042. b Smith v. Tinsall, 2 Salk. 685. 1 Fes. Jr. 440. Prec.in
Ch.430. Alcock v. Sparhawk, 2 Vern.229. 2 Dall.131. c Chapman's case, T)!Ier, S3. Ring v. Rumbal, Cro. Ja:

t)F THE UNITED -'Vi I S

299

'These lands were already charged in the hand 18'25. of the testator with the payment tit" other leg0a- '-Wrig-h"t ties, by the will of his father, John P., and which V. were not then due. rho clause in question then Denn. is, as it purports to be, a general residuary clause, in which the testator means to devise all his remaining interest in his real property. He could ndt have meant the rest of his lands by way of local description, for he had devised none before; but he meant all the remaining interest in the lands after the legacies were deducted. Wherever it appears that the testator intended to de-
vise all his interest in land, a fee simple passes. This rule applies with increased force to residuary clauses, in which a greater latitude of con-
struction is allowed.' Though ,the words lands and tenements are strictly descriptive of locality. yet, in conrfexion with other expressions, especially iii a residhary clause, they may refer to the quantity of interest or estate.c The words, in remainder or reversion, aid the construdtion. Though the testator might not have been acquainted with the precise technical distinction between them, yet, he must have knoivh they

a Lambert's lessee v. Paine, 3 Cranch's Rep. 97. Sargent v.

Town, 10 Mass ReP. 3:)5. b Lessee of Willis v. Bucker, 2 Binn. 464. Lambert's lessee v.

Paine, 3 Cranc/i's Rep. 129. Hogan v. Jackson, Cowp. Rep.

299. Grayson v. Atkinson, 1 Wi/s. Rep. 333.

c Cooke v. Gerard, I Lev. Rep. 212. Ludcock v. Willows,

Carrker's Rep. 50. 2 Ventr. Rep 285. Wheeler v. Waldron, A4len's Rep. 28. Chester v. Chester, 3 P. VMms. 46. Strode v

Russel, 2 Vemn. Rep. 621. Rooke v. Rooke. Ibid 461

VOT.. X.

I~*

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1825. meant an estate in expectancy. The case of

Wright 'Norton.

v. Ladd' is very analogous to the pre-

W. sent, and shows that a fee was intended.

Denn, If it be established, that the testator referred

to his interest or estate in the farm in question in this clause, it carries all his interest, i. e. a -fee simple, because it is residuary, and the language is broad and comprehensive enough for
the purpose.
Again; the proviso, "provided she has no lawful issue," shows an intention in the testator
to giVe a fee to his wife. This is a condition precedent to take effect at the time of his death ; (1.) Because the terms used ordinarily import a condition precedent. Where there is nothing in the nature of the proviso, or in respect to the ime of its performance, to show that a ¢ondition subsequent was intended, it is always construed a condition precedent. (2.) All the circumstances of the case show, that the testator intended the condition to take effect at his death, and to be precedent; for then the issue the devisee might have, would be his own child and heir. If it be contended, that this proviso refers to children the devisee might have by a future husband, the testator is made guilty of the absurdity of intending, that if his wife should marry again, she might retain the land, but if she should have issue by such marriage, she should forfeit it The devise to the wife in.this case, was intended to be a substitute for the descent tothe

a Lutw. RO3: 7 5-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

heir. Whenever a devise of land is intended as a substitute for a fee, the substituted devisc is a fee.a A Court may discover, in a condition, the effect of which is, in a 6ertain event, to defeat; the estate, an intent, when the estate actually vests, to enlarge thg disposition to a fee. Thus, as before shown, a devise may be enlarged to an
estate tail by the terms of a condition.' But, to l.ave no doubt of his intention, the
testator, in the next sentence, gives the deviee his land, "to be by her freely possessed and enjoyed." He drops the peculiar phraseology ofthe former clause, and takes up new language, manifestly for the purpose of enlarging the subject of his bounty. A life estate is susceptible only of a partial and limited enjoyment. The words.
"freely to be enjoyed," have been held sufficient to carry a fee.0 The idea, that these words, as used in the present case, give a life estate disp niskable for waste, is wholly inadmissible. It
would be creating a state of things which would make the interest of the tenant at variance with the permanent improvement-of the soil, and, con-
sequently, of the best interests, of the country. It would be his interest to commit waste, and to destroy the property. The testator could not
have meant that the devisee should hold the lands

1825.
Wright
V. Den n.

a Moore Y. Heaseman, Willes' Rep, 152. Green v. Armstead, Hob. 65. Ibbetson v. Beckwith, Cas. temp. Talb 157.
b Chapnman's case, Dyer, 333. King v. Rumbal, Cro. 1a..
448. c Loveacre v. Blight: Cotp. 352. Willis v. Bucker. 2 Binrr.
Rep. 464.

212
1825. ,"'4-
Wright
v. Denn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
as tenant for life, dispunishable for waste merely; for that would only exempt the property devised from one kind of restriction, when he manifestly contemplates a free erlijoyment generally, without
any restriction whatever. The free enjoyment is not annexed to the estate devised, but to the land. It is the land which is to be freely enjoyed. The estate is only the technical medium through which that free enjoyment is secured, and the Court will see that the devisee takes such an estate as is compatible with a.free enjoyment.
But, even supposing these different clauses, taken separately, should be deemed inadequate to pass a fee, yet, taken conjointly, they form a body of evidence, strong and conclusive, to show that the testator intended to devise his entire interest in the lands. It is impossible to suppose that a plain man would have used such phraseology mdrely to give his farm to his wife for her life. All the clauses may be taken together, and receive their full, combined effect. Junctavalent.

Mr. Webster and Mr. Cox, contra,. contended,
that under the will of James P., nothing more passed to the devisee than an estate for life. The plaintiff below claimed as heir at law. The title was, primafacie,in him. It was admitted on all hands, that the devise contains no words of limitation sufficient to pass the inheritance. It is a general rule, that in order to create an estate in

a Frogrnorton v. Holliday, 1 H. B1. 54"'

OF THE UNITED STATES.

213

fee, words of inheritance, as " heirs," must be
employed. Wherever an estate is granted, eithe· r specifically for the life of the grantee, or without any limitation, the legal presumption is, that the de'sign was to create an estate for life only. In wills a greater latitude has been allowed. The intention of the testator, expressed in clea'r, un-
ambiguous te'rms, will carry the- fee. But the rules of conveyance- atcominon law still operate, although not so rigorously, even in regard to wills; and, before the heir can be disinherited,
there must be, not merely an intention, but an intention legally perceltible, in an instrument legally executed. The, only difference between wills and deeds is, ihat in the latter, certain specific technical terms are essential ; in the other, any words legally indicating the clear intention of
the testat6r, are sufficient. The intent must be clearly expressed, for.it is
a fundamental rule in the construction of w s, that the- heir cannot be disinherited without exipress words, or necessary implication. This intention must also be expressed in language at least quasi technical; for it is perfectly immaterial how plain it may be, that the design of the testator was to pass a larger estate, unless that intention be manifest to the legal. eye."
AR the construction now contended for by the plaintiff in error would disinherit the heii at law,

1825.
Wright
Y. Denn.

a Cro. Car. 368. 2 Bl. Rep. 859. 2 Bos. -t Pull.247. Dougl. 736. Cow;. 235.
b 1 Cowp. 955. q T. R. s59 5 Dos. & Pull. 349

2.14

CASES IN THt SUPREME COURT

1825.
Ivghh t V

and vest the inheritance in a stranger, it is incum-
t bent upon him to establish one or the other of t ese two propositions: 1. That there are express words creating an estate in fe in the devisee, (which is not pretended, and which, if actually existingr, would preclude all argument,) or, 2. An intent, so clearly expressed as to require, by necessary -implication, that such an estate shoild pass. The circumstance, that no words exist in this will, which, by their intrinsic force, carry any larger estate than for life, raises a legal presumption, that no larger interest was intended to pass. If the testator had designed the heirs or issue of his wife as '-he objects of his bounty, some language indicating such an intention would have been used. If, in.addition to this negative circumstance, we find that these persons in that capacity were present to the mind of the testator, and yet are not made objects of his bounty, it superadds a positive weight to the legal presumption that they were not designed to be so, and that their omission was not merely accidental. There being, then, no express words carrying the fee, let us examine those particular expressions which are relied upoh to show the actual intent that the fee should pass. These words are, (1.) " All the rest of my lands and tene-
ments ;" (2.) The words "reversion or remainder;" (3.) The words "freely to be possessed and enjoyed."
1. As to the wo-ds. " all the rest of my lands

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.215

and tenements." One of the earliest cases in 1825.
which the effect of similar words came under ', Wrig' ht consideration, was that of Wilkinson v. Mary- W. land.a There, A. being seised of divers lands Denn. in A., B. and C., the lands in C. being in him by mortgage forfeited, devised the lands in A. and B. to several persons, and then devised " all the rest of the goo'ds, chattels, leases, estates, and mortgages, whereof he was possessed,", to his wife, after his debts and legacies paid, mad6 his wife executrix, and died. The question was, whether the fee passed to tlfe wife by, this*devise ; and.it was .held, that an estate for life only passed, In that case, there were several circumstances rendering it stronger in favour of a fee than the pre-
sent. (L)There was a previous clause devising part of the properiy, and there was, therefore, an antecedent to which the word rest could relate. Here theie is no such prior clause, and. the word. rest is senseless, or the testator attaches to it his own pe.culiar signification. (2*) The devise of the real property is there in ,the same clause .which contains a bequest of the personalty; and, therefore, the inference as to the testator's intention was irresistible, that he designed to give the same interest, i. e. an absolute interest, in all the subjects of the devise. (3.) In the case cited, the word estate .is employed as the descriptive term, which is a word frequently held sufficient
of itself,prolrriovigare, to carry.a fee.

a Cro. Car. 447. 828,

216

tASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825
% Wright
V.
Denn.

Th6 case of Canning v. Canning,a is very similar to the present. There the words of the will were, " All the rest, residue,and remainder,
I of my messuages, lands, or hereditaments, &c. after my just debts, legacies, and funeral expenses first paid, I give to my executors in trust for my daughters." It was adjudged, that the executors took only an estate for life :and, notwithstanding the general character of vosely, as an inaocutate reporter, this case has been frequently recognised as law." This is evidently a much sironger -case than the one-now before the Court. (1.) It is properly a residuary devise; this is not. (2.) It
contained the term hereditaments, emphatically embracing-the inheritance, according to the opinion of many eminent lawyers. (3.) The estate was devised " after debts, legacies, and funeral
expenses- first paid." Yet, under all these circumstances, it was held, that the words " rest,
residue, ,and remainder of my messuages, lands, or hereditaments," so much stronger and more comprehensive that those of the present testator, were merely. descriptive. The ground of that determination was, that the words rest, residue, and remainder, being unaccompanied by any words of limitation, could not operate on the inheritance.c This applies, with at least equal force, to the present case. In Peiton v. "Banks$, where one devised to his wife for life, and the

a Mosely, 240. b 2 Bos.4.Pull. 251.
c 2 Bos. 4,Pull.251.' Per Macdonald, C. B.
d I'Vern. Rep. 65.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

V7

,reversionto A. and B., to be equally divided, &c.
it was decreed, that they were tenants i n corn-" mon for life only. That case, and the one referred to by Sergeant Maynard, were stronger than the present, since the freehold having been already disposed of, it might have"
been plausibly argued, that the term keversion there used, ex vi termini, necessarily included the inheritance. In this case no such argument would apply, the word rest being w.ithout an antecedent, and being a term more. appropriate, as
descriptive of the gubject than of the quantity.of interest. In Doe v. Richards,a where, after bequeathing a: c-rtain leasehold estate,, the testa-
tor devised "all the rest, residue, cnd remainder
of my messuages, lands, ·tenements, -hereditaments, goods, chattels, and personal est'ate whatsoeyer, the Court held, that these words were
not sufficient to carry the fee. The property thus devised being, however, made subject
to a charge; this circumstance was held sufficient, although the propriety of that part of the decision .seems to have been questioned.' But the authority of the case, so far as it determines that ibese words were insufficient, of themselves, to pass the fee, has never been controverted..- In that case, the clause was properly a reversipnary clause, a previous devise having been made, leaving a reversionary' interest to be disposed of. There also. the word hereditament was used; neither of which circumsta.ces exist'here.

1825.
Wright
T,

a 3 Term Rep. 356.
VOL. ?.2

b 5 Boa, t- Pull.34g.

182:4.
Wright
v. Penn.

-CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The next case is that of Den v. hIoor,- which
deserves the more weight as an authority, bcause a second action was afterwards brought on the same title; the judgment rendered in the
K. B. reversed in the Exchequer ;b and that judgment afterwards reversed in-the House of Lords, -and the original judgment in the K. B. affirmed." It may, therefore, be presumed to have been thoroughly examined and considered. In that case, the testator having first devised a life interest in a copyhold messuage, then uses these words: " all the rest of my lands, tenerments and hereditaments, eithe'r freehold or-copyhold, whaisoever and wheresoever, my goods, chattels, and personal estate, of what nature or kind soever, after payment of my just debts and funeral expenses, I give, devise, and bequeath the same unto my wife S. C., and I do hereby nominate and appoint her, my said wife, sole exectitrix of this my will." In delivering the opinion of the twelve judges, Macdonald, C. B. states the question arising under that will to be, " Whether the words are materially distinguishable from those used in -other wills, and which have been hield not to denote an intention so expressed by the testator, as to enlarge that which would, otherwise, be an estate for life only, into a fee ?" He then states- that this would depend upon the effedt of the word rest, of the word hereditaments, and of the provisibn "'-after payment of my just

a 5 TermRep. 558.

b I Sos. Sf Pull.,f58

c 2 Bos. 4, Pull. 247.

OF THE kNITE1) STATLS.

219

debts and funeral expenses." He considerp 1825.

Canningv. Canning,.as decisive of the question on the two first words. These two' cases must, therefore, be considdred as decisive intsettling the construction to be given to this part of the present will; in which the phraseology. used is still less indicative of an intent to pass the inhe"ritance. The word hereditagnents, f6und there, is wanting here; a word which, in Lydcottv. Willows, Powell, J. considerdd as sufficient to -carry the fee,; ind this opinion was- unanimously confirmed in he Exchequer Chamber.8 So, also, Lord Holt considered it as sufficient to pass the fee, in Smith v. Tindal;b and in .Frognbrtovv, . Wright, Lord C..J. De Grey held it might have

Wright v.
Den.

Ihat -operation.c Ndtwithstanding these decisions, however, the
law, as recognised in Canning v. Canning, is. considered as settled in Westminster Hall, and

the word hereditamcehtgis

hiewld insufficient

to.pass the fee. The case of AMarkant v. Twisden," is, in ma-
ny respects, analogou8 to that now be'f-o the Court. A., having settled all his freeholds on his wife for life, as a jointule, bequeathed several legacies, and then says, "all the.rest and residue of my estate, real and personal, I give to my wife, whom I make sole .executrix." Held, that the reversion of the jointure lands did pot pass, but the persertal estate only. The reason assigned

a 2 ;'entr.Rep. 28. r S Wils. Rep. 418.

b 11 Mod. Rep. 103. d Gilb.Eq. Rep. so.

20
15. W~bt
V. Denn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
appears decisive of the present question, " for,
as the testator devised no real estate, there could be no residue." So, in the present case, the whole effect of the words rest, remainder,and
reversi6n, (if it should be -thought that in them-selves they have any to denote an estate larger than one for life,) is destroyed : (1.) By the circumstance that there was no previous disposition of any real estate in the will, and therefore this is not a residuary 'clause. (2.) By the cirgunstance that the testator- was seized of no estate Tn reversion or rem aindei, which could pass under these words, and therefore they are wholly inoperative. (3.) It'is perfectly rnmiiifest, that the words in question were used simply ag descriptive of the subject matter, and not of the interest in that subject matter. In this view the case hds a strong resemblance to Pettiwardv. Prescotaswhere the testator devised as follows: "I give. to R. P. my copyhold estate at P.; consisting of three tenements, and now .under lease to A; B." The Master of the Rolls, after show-
ing, from a yariety of adjudged casesi that the word estate is sufficient to carry the fee in genexal, yet decides that the devisee took only a. life interest, on the 'ground that the testator, by the word in that case, did not mean to speak -of the quantity of the legal interest, but merely of the . rpus or subject in the dispositioh.
As corroborating the'construction of the words ieikersion.andremainder,now.insisted on, it may

a 7 Mew. Rep. 541

OF THE UNITED STATES.

221

be observed, in the Statute of Wills of the 32d Hen. VIII. c. 1. it was enacted, "that all and every person and persons having manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, may give and dispose of them," &c. Afterwards, the stat. 34 and 35 Hen. VIII. e. 5. entitled, "An act for the explanation of wills," was passed. This statute recites, that several doubts, questions, and ambiguities, had arisen upon the previous statute, and enacts, that " all and singular persons having a sole estate, or interest in fee simple, &c. of or in any manors, lands, tenements, rents, or other hereditaments, in possession, reversion, remainder, &c. shall have full and free liberty to give, dispose, will," &c. In the first statute, it seemed to be thought, that the languag6 implied a present vested estate in the devisor, in order to give validity to this. form of disposition. The ambi-. guity was removed by the second statute, which gave the right, whether the party was seised in possession or in expectancy, The statute' then, authorizes a testator to devise an estate ii which he has no. present, but .only a reversionary interest; but the same language must be used to carry the fee, as if the estate were in-possession. The subjects capable of being devised are en.larged but the .form of the instrument is not altered. A reversionary interest, like'a possessory interest, may- be for life, for years, in tail, or in fee; and it is equally important, that these different quantities. of interest should be designated by the will, in the one case, as in the other. The"

1825. WwrrIigbhtt
v.
Denn.

M22

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
'"
Wright
v.
Denn.

case of Ager v. Poole,a shows this construction to be correct; and Peiton v. Banksb is to the same effect. Both of these cases are stronger than.the present, for.in each of them the testa-

tor had such a future interest as he described.
As to the words " provided she has no lawful issue," the argument on the other side is, that they imply a condition precedent. To this it is answered, (1.) That if a condition precedent to the vesting of any estate in the wife, the proviso would be entirely at variance with the whole design of the testator. He evidently intended an immediate interest to pass to the wife, which could not take place, if the fact that she should have no lawful issue is to be a condition precedent., That could only be ascertained by her dying without issue. (2.) If it be a condition precedent, she took no estate, because she, in point of fact, had lawful -issue. To obviate these conclusions, an intetp&lation is made in the will, and'the testator is presumed to have 'said, lawful issue by himself. The answer' is; that -such a presumption is not, warranted by the language
employed. The case. of Norton v. Ladd, turns upon the extent to be given to the expression " whole remainder," after a disposition of a life estate in all the lands, and the interest of an heir at law was not involved. Iambert's lessee v. .Painet,urns upon the meaning to be atta*ched to -the word estate. Wheelerv. Waldronis deprived

a 3Dyer, 371.

b 1"',"ern. 05.

OF THE UNIrED STATES.

223

of much of its authority by a remark made in a note to Chesterv. Chester.0
As to the second clause of the will; which contains the words, " to be by her freely possessed and enjoyed," the legal signification of this phraseology has been frequently settled. In Loveacr-s v. Blight is a clause to this effect: " Item, to my two sons, T. M. and R. AI., whom I make and ordain my sole executors, all my lands and tenements freely to be possessed and enjoyed alike." In this case there were, (1.) Introductory words, which Lord Mansfield always considered as entitled to much weight. (2.) There was a charge, and he thought it but reasonable to infer an intention to pass a fee, fiecause that alone would enable the devisees to comply with the testator's directions fully and completely. '(3.) Freelyto beenjoyed,h6 considered, in that case, &s meaning absolutely, because, having charged the estate, it could not mean free from encumbrances. None of these circumstances exist here, and, therefore, the case is not analogous, and cannot warrant the. same construction. The ,case of Goodright v. Barron, more nearly resembles the case before the Court. There, after the introductory words "as touching my worldly estate," the testator devised to B., whom he made his executrix, " all and singular his lands, inessuages, an4 tenements, by her freely to be possessed and-enjoyed." These are the identical words here employed, and no other distinc-

1825.
%WWrrihitght
v. Dnn.

a liP ll11s.1..

h C'owp. 3.522,

f, I Last. 220

224 1825.
Wright
V. Deno

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
tion exists between the cases, than thas here arc no introductory words, (sometimes so important,) yet the Court held that the fee did not pass.
The only other ground on which it can be pre"
sumed that the testator intended a fee, is the circumstance that this devise is after certain legacies ; and it is said,'that " all the rest," &c. means, that the devisee was to take the real estate subject to the payment, of these legacies. Admitting, that -wherever the testator employs language of an indefinite kind, prescribing no limits to the. estate devised, and burthens the devisee with a gross, but certain charge, that the fee will pass, that rule of construction is inapplicable here, because, (1.) There is no disposition of the personal estate, the appropriate fhnd for 'the payment of legacies. (2.) There is, at most, only an implied charge upon the reaF estate; and it seems unreasonable to require the Court to imply a charge, for no other purpose than to furnish a ground for raising another implication still more serious.
Admitting the verbal construction of the opposite counsel to be correct, the case of fhackson v. Harrise.is decisive against the conclusion they would infer from it. If a charge at all, it is a contingent charge. The personal property is applicable in the first instance, and there is.only a possibility that it will prove insufficient. A contingent charge is not sufficient to carry a fee. Besides, supposing the whole of these legacies

a s Th*'s. Rep. 14t

OF THE UNITED STATES.

!225

.Q be payable out of the real estate, the co clusion contended for would not 'result. The rule of law is, that where the charge is upon the estate, and not upon the person of the devisee in respect of the estate, no fee passes by implication." So much of the estate as .issufficient to raise the sum required, is notgiv'eh to the devisee at all. The residue is devised perfectly unfettered. Canningv. Canniizg,-Denv. _ooi"e, and Den v. Allen, ,were all cases in which the real
estate was given after payment of debts, &d.and.
yet held not a fee.

1825.
Wright
DeVn.n'y-

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the AfarciL 41h. Court, and, after stating the case, proceeded as
follows :
The principal question arising in this catse is, what estate Mary, the wife of James Page, took under his wig ; whether an cstate for life, or in fee' -If the former, then the judgment of the Circuit Court is to be affirmed; if the latter,
then it is to be reversed.
Some reliance has been placed upon the will J.ohTnhe Pw.,illthoe f of John Page, the father, to show the predica-faiher, affords
no aid inthe
ment of the land in the possession of his son.constructionof
the will of
James, and thence to draw aid in the construe-.jme, p. tion of the will of the latter. Without doubt, James took a fee, in ihe moiety devised to him by his father, (which includes the land 'n.contro
versy,) for. it is given " to him, his heirs and as-

a Jackson v. Ball, 10 Johns. Rep. .i48. Den v. Ailen, S Tern. Rep. 497. Merson v. Blackmore, 2 Atk. S41.

Wr,.. X

2!

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. Wv right
V.
Denn.

signs." But, it is argued, that the land came into his hands charged with the legacies payable to his sisters Hannah and Abigail, and as these
legacies were not payable unti they came of age,

.theyremained a charge upon the land in the hands
of James at his death. Whether the sisters
were of age at his death or not, or had received their legacies or not, does not appear from the
statement of facts, and nothing can be presumed 'To make a either way. But what is there to show that
legacy chatge-
able upon land these legacies were a charge on the land ? The
devised, there
,must be e.-direction in the will is, that " James do pay ps roiri,_nHannah and Abigail the said sum of 50 pounds

tb!. termns 6 plitation from eacn when they come of age ;" but it is not said the ill,. or implied any where in the will, that these lega-

cies shall be a charge on the land. The direction is personal, and must be a charge on the person only, unless it can beshown, from other parts of the will, that the tes.tator intended a charge on the land. A testator may devise lands with a view to legacies, and make them a charge on the land, or on the person of the devisee, or on.
both ;a .and whether a particular legacy be in either predicament, must depend upon the language of the will. In the large class of-cases which have been decided on this subject, and which has principally arisen from questions respecting the quantity of the estate taken by the devisee, the ground assumed has been, that the will must speak expressly, or by fair implication,

a ee Roe, ex dem. Peter, v. Diy, 3 Al. & S. 518. 5 East's Rep. 87. 4 East's Rep. 495.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
that the testator in.tends the legacies to be a 1825. charge on -the land. When, therefore, the tes- Wright tator ordeis legacies to be paid out of his lands, V. or where, sulject to legacies, or after payment of Deni. legacies, he devises his lands, C'ourts have held the land charged with the legacies upon the.mainfest intention of the testator. But here there is no such language. There isno direction that the' devisee shall pay the legacies out of 'he land. The charge is personal; and the orse falls directly within the authority of Reeves v. Gower, in 11 Mod.. Rep. 208.
We may, then, proceed to the.consideration of the will of James Page, inasrhuch as that of his father affords no light to giilde us in the construction. The grounds mainly relied on to establish that Mary, the wife of the testator, took a .fee, are, thatthe legacies given to-his sisters are- a charge on his real. estate in the hands ofhis widow; that all the rest of his "ktnds and tenements," in possession, reversion, or- remainder, are given; that'the devise is subject to the proviso, that she has no lawful issue," which is not a condition merely, but a~substitution for an' estate *intendedfor his children; and, finally, that the lands, &c. are'devised to he'r " freely to be possessed and enjoyed," which wordq are best satisfied-upon- the supposition of a fee.
Before proceeding to the particulai examina"- asGetno.ralwrhialet tion of the. legal effect of these different clauses wordwili'car in the will, it. is*necessary to state. that, where 'Y- "e. there*are no words of limitatidn to a devise, the general ruleof law is. that the devisee takes an

-),!8

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURI

1825. estate for life only, unless, from the .language

'

'

Wright
V.

Denn.

there used, or from other parts of the will, there is a plain intention to give a larger estate. We say a plain intention, because, if it be doubtful

or conjectural upon the terms of the will, or if

full legal effect can be given to the language with-

out-such an estate, the general rule prevails. It

is not sufficient that the Court may entertain a

private belief that the testator intended a fee; it

must see that he hag expressed that intention

with reasonable certainty on the face of his will.

For the law will not suffer the heir to be disir.-

herited upon conjecture. He is favoured by its

policy; and though the testator may disinherit

him, yet the law will execute thaf intention only

when it is put in a clear and unambiguous shape. An intro- In the present case, there is no introductory

s a isnho-wcilnaguse in the will, expressing an intention to dis-

tention to 'dis-

pose or the pose of the whole of the testator's estate. Nor

whole of the.

t

testator's es- I it admitted, that such a clause, if it were in-

tate, will not serted, would so far attach itself to a subsequent

attach l 5 ls

7en ds

atchitself

ou

to a subse- devising quent derising afe

clausse, ,

as pe~rse to

eelnrelarge

the

lltaetter to

clause, so .'a fee where the words would not ordinarily

to enlarge thr

'atteto a fee import it. Such a doctrine would be repugnant

to the modern as well as ancient authorities. ThE cases of Frogmorton v. Wright, (2 -W. Bl. 889., Right v. Sidebottom, (Dougl. 759.) Child v. Wright, (8 D. Sr E. 64.) Denn v. Gaskin, (Cowper, 657.) Doe v. Allen, (8' D. 4- E. 497.) and Merson v. Blackm'or, (2 Atk. 341.) are full to the point. The. most that can be said is, that where the words of the devise admit of passing a greater interest than for life. Courts will lay

.)F THE UN1TED STATES.

229

hold of the introductory clause, to assist them 1825.

in ascertaining the intention. The case of Hogan v. Jackson, (Cowper, 297.) admits this doctrine. That case itself did not turn upon the

Wright
V.
Denn.

effect of the introductory clause, but upon the

other words of the will, which were thought suffi-

cient to carry the fee, particularly the words,

" all my effects,- both real and personal." -The

case of Grayson v. Atkinson, (1 Wils. Rep. 333.)

admits of the same explanation; and, besides,

the inheritance was there charged with debts and

legacies.

There is*no doubt, that a charge on lands may uoA charge
upon lands
be created by implication, as well as by an ex- cannot becr-
aled by iinpli-
press clause in a will. But then the implicatioSn ctiahetion,imUplnilceass-

must be clear upon the words. Where is there tion ispli,,.

any such implication in the present will? The

testator has..Dot disposed of the whole of his per-

sonal estate, which is the natural fund for the

payment of lagaci~s ; non constat, how much or

how little he left. For aught that appears, the

per.sonal estate may greatly haie ex'ceeded all

the legacies; and if it did not, that would be no

sufficient reason to charge them on the land. It

is not a sound interpretation of a will, io construe

charges which ordinarily belong to the person-

alty, to be charges on the realty, simply because

the original fund is insufficient. The charge

must be created by the words of the will. Now,

from what words are we to infer such a charge

in this case ? It is said, from the words " all the

rest;" but, " all the rest" of what ? Certainly

hot of the personal estate. because the words im-.

t.ASES IN THE SUPREIE COURT
1825. mediately following are, " of my lands and tene' ' ' ments," which exclude thie personalty. The
Wright
V. words, " all the rest," have then no appropriate Denn. meaning in reference to the personal estate, fo"
the connexion prohibits it. Can they then be supposed to import " all the rest ofmy lands, &c. after payment of the legacies," and so be a charge on them ? This would certainly be going much farther than' the words themselves au-thorize, and much farther than any preceding clause requires or justifies. A charge of legacies on land would not be a devise of the real estate in the ordinary understanding of men, nor in the contemplation of law. It would make tlein a lien on, and payable out of, the lknd ; but it would still be distinguishable from an estate in the land.. But it is sufficient for us to declare, that we cannot rake these legacies a charge on the land, except by going beyond; and not by following, the language of the will; we must create the charge, and not merely recognise it. The case-of Markant v. Twisden, (Gilb. Eq. Rep. 30.) was much stronger than the present. There, the testator had settled all his freeholds on his wife for life, as a jointure; and by his will he bequeathed several legacies, and then followed this clause, "all the rest and residue of my estate, .chattels, real and personal," I give to my wife, who I make sole executrix. But the Court held, that the wife did not take the reversion of the jointureby the devise, .for as the testator had not ip the preceding part of the will devised any

OF THE UNITED STATES.

real estate, there could be no residue of real 1825..

estate, on which the clause could operate.

"r"Wghright

But, admitting that the present legacies were v; a charge on the lands of the testator, this would De.

not be stufficient to change the wife's est 'te into

a fee. The clearly established doctrine on this

subject is, that if the charge be. merely on the

land, and not on" the pers6n of the devisee, then

the devisee, upon a general devise, takes an

estate for life only. The reason is obvious. If

the charge be merely on the estate, then the de-

visee (to whom the testator is always presumed

to intend a benefit) can sustain no loss or de-

triment in case the estate is construed bit a life

estate, silice the estate is taken subject to the

encumbrance. But if the charge- be personal on

the devisee, then if his estate be but for life, it

may determine before he is reimbursed for his

payments, and thui he may sustain a serious loss-..

All the cases turn up6n this distinction. Can-

ning v. Cqning, (7foseley's Rep. 240.) Love-

acresv. Blight,(Cow. Rep. 352.) Denn,ex dem:

Moor, v. Mellor, (5 D..4. E. 558. and 2 Bos. 4
Pull. 227.) Doe v. Holmes, (8 D. 4- E. 1.)

Goodtitle v.- Maddem, (4" East's Rep. 496.) all

recognise it. And Doe 4- Palmer v. Richardg,(3

D. 3"E. 356.) proceeds upon it, whtever excep-

tion may be thought to lie to the application of

it in that particular case. We are then of opinion,

that there is no charge of th* present legacies

on the land; and, if there were, no inference

could be drawn from this circumstance to en-

232

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
SaWreright v.
Denn.

large the estate of the wife to a fee, since they not made a personal charge upon her.
The next consideration is, whether the words. " all the rest of my lands and tenements," &c.

woErfdfesc,t o6f4tahlel i"m-- port a fee. In the first place, this clause is heo rmeysopen to the objection, that it is not a residuary
lands,",&C, clause in the will, for no estate in the lands is

previously given, and consequently, if it operates at all on the fee, it'gives the entire inheritance, and not a mere residuum of interest. And if a devise of " all the rest and residue of lands," in a clear residuary clause, was sufficient to carry a fee by their own import, it would follow, that almost every will containing a residuary clause, would be construed, without words of limitation, to pass a fee. - Yet, the contrary doctrine has most assuredly been maintained. In Canning v. Canning, (Moseley, 240.) the testator devised as
follows : " all the rest, residue and remainder of
my messuages, lands, &c. after my just debts, legacies; &c. are fully satisfied and paid, I give to my executors in trust for my daughters ;" and the question was, whether these words passed an 6state in fee, or for life, to the executors. The Court decided that they passed a life estate only. The authority of this case was fully established in Moor v. Denn, ex den. Mellor, (2 Bos. A- Pull.247.) in the House of Lords, where
words equally extensive occurred; and the -authority of this last case has never been broken
in upon. The cases which seem at first view to inter-
fare with and control this doctrine, will be

OF THE WJ'NITED 'TATd.

233

found upon close examination to turn on other points. Thus, in Palmer v. Richards,(3 D. 4 E. 356.) where there was a devise of" all the rest and residue of the testator's lands," &c. his legacies

1895.
Wright
v. Den .

and personal expenses being thereout,paid. Lord

Kenyon admitted, that the words " rest and residue," &c. were not sufficient to carry a fee; but he ielied on the subsequent words, " legacies, &c. being thereout paid," which he considered as creating a charge upon the lands in the hands of

the devisee, of such a nature as to carry a fee. In

this opirion the Court concurred; and, though this case has been since questioned, on its own

circumstances, its general doctrine remains un-

touched. So, in the case of Norton v. Ladd,

(1 Lutw. 735. 759.) where the. devise was to

A. C., his sister, for life, of all his lands, &c., af-

ter the decease of his mother; then to J. C., his

brother, "the whole remainderof all those lands

and tenements," given to A. C. for life, if he sur-

vived her; and if not, then " the whole remainder"

and reversion of all the said lands, &c. to his

sisters, C. E., and A., and to their heirs for ever ;" the Codrt held, that a fee passed to J. C.

under the devise, upon the ground,. that taking the whole will, the words " whole"remainder" properly referred to the estdte or interest of the

testator undisposed of to his sister, A. C. ; and that the words could not relate to the qua ntity

of lands, which the testator intended to devise to his brother, J. C., for he had plainly devised

all his linds to his sister, A. C., and all the lands

he haddpevsr'nd 1:i .. C. hf- had tvl :s. to .1, C.

V..L. Y

tSFS IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
Wright
v. Den .

so that ihe wNrds naturally and properly had relation to the quantity of estate which the testator intended to give J C., that is, all the remain.der, which is the same in effect as all his estate.

If the words were merely to be referred to the lands he intended to devise to J. C., they woilld be ineffectual, for it was impossible that he could have any remainder of lands, when he had devised all to A. C. ; so that they must refer to the estate in the lands. Such is the substance of the reasoning of the Court; upon which it is unnecessary to say more, than that the case turned npon the supposed incongruity of construing the testator's words otherwise than as importing the whole r4emaining interest in the lands, upon all of which lands a life estate was already attached. And the final devise over, which carried a plain fee to the sisters, being a substitution for the former estate to J. C., in the event of his death before the testator, greatly fortifies this interpretation. This case has been much relied on by the plaintiff in error upon the present argument; but it is very distinguishable from that before the Court. There, a life estate was given, and the terms, " whole remainder," had a natural meaning, as embracing the whole remaining interest. Here, on the contrary, there is no preceding interest given in the real estate, and therefore the terms, " all the rest," are not susceptible of that sense. There, a substituted estate, in fee, was clearly given; here no clause mcrurs, leading necessarily to such a conclusion. All that the case in Lutwyche, taken as the fullest autho-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

rity, establishes, is, that the words " rest and residue" may, in certain connexions, carry a fee.' This is not denied or doubted; but then the words attain their force from their juxta-position
with other words, which fix the sense in which the testator has used them. In Farmerv. Wise, (3.P. Wins. 294.) thd residuary clause was of" all the rest of his estate, real and personal," and the word " estate" has long been construed to convey a fee. This Court have carried the doctrine still farther, and adjudged a devise of " all the estate called Marrowbone," to be a devise of the
fee, construing the words, not as words merely of local description, but of the estate or interest also in the lan. Lambert's lessee. v. Paine,.(3 Craneh'sRep. 79.) Murray v. Wise, (2 Verv. Rep. 564.) S. C. (Prec. in Ch. 246.) contained a devise, after a legacy, of all the residue
of his real and personal estate, and rests on the same principle, as do Beacheroft v. Beachcroft. (2 Vern. Rep. 690.) and Ridartv. Paine,(3.Atk. Rep. 486.) In Willows v. Lydcott, (Carth.Rep. 50. ·2 Vent. 285.) the residuary devise was to A. and her assigns for ever, which latter words indicate a-clear intention to pass a fee. In Grayson v. Atkinson, (1 'Vils. Rep. 333.) there was
an introductory clause, purporting the intention of the testator to dispose of all his temporal estate, thei several legacies were given, and a direction to A. to sell any part of his real and

1825.
Wright
v.
Denn.

a See Lord Hardwicke's comments on this case, in Bailis v. Gale, (2 Vesey's "Rep.48.

1 4bES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. personal estate for payment of debts and legaWrightV~ cies: and then the will says, as to the rest " of
V. my goods and chattels, real and .personal, movenn. able and immoveable, as houses, gardens, tene-
ments, my share in the copperas.works, &c. 1 give to the said A." Lord Hardwick'e. after some hesitation, held it a fee in A., relying upo'n the introductory clause, .and the charge of the debts and legacies on the land, and upon the longuage of the residuary clause. Whatever may be the authority of this decision, it certainly does not pretend to rest solely on the residuary clause : and its containing a mixed devise of real and personal estate, was not insignificant in ascertaining the testator's intention.
It may also be admitted, that the words "lands and tenements," do sometimes carry a fee, and are not confined to a mere local description of the,property. But,.in their ordinary sense, they import the latter only; and when a more extensive signification is given to them in wills, it arises from the context, and is justified by the apparent intention of the testator to use them in such extensive signification. The cases cited at the bar reach to this extent, and no farther. Their authority is not denied ; but their application to the present case is not admitted.
W6 may, then, take it to be the general result of the authorities, that the words, " all te rest of my lands," do not, of themselves, import , devise of the fee; but, unless aided oy the context, the devisce. whether he be a sole or a re-.

OF THE UNITED STATEb.

siduary devisee, will, if there be no words of 1825.

limitation, take only a life estate. : We next come to the efflct of the words, "m
possession, reversion, or remainder," and, as in-

Wright v.
Denn.

cidental thereto, the effect of the Word " tenie· - woEdffse,ct ofctchihe

ments." That the terifi "remainder" may, inwpvosisosns, oo,r,ere-

some cases, connected with other clauses, carry mader,"'

a fee, has been already admitted, and was the

very point in 1 Lutw. 755. The same is true in

respect to the word "reversion." This is affirm-

ed in the case of Bailisv. Gale,(2 Ves. Rep. 48.)

where the devise was,""I giv'to my son, C. G., the

reversion of. the tenement my sister now lives in,

after her decease, and the reversionof those two.

tenements now in the possession of J. C." Lord

Hardwicke, in pronouncing judgment, relied on

the legal significiation of theword " reversion,"

and that its use by the testator was fairly to be

inferred to be in its legal sense, as the whole

right of revertor; and he adverted tb the circum-

stance, that the devise was to a child, to whom

it could scarcely be presumed.the parent intend-

ed to give merely a dry reversion, or to split up

his interest in it into parts. " But, in that case,

as in 1 Lutw. 755. there Were antecedent estates

created or existing in the land ; and the devise

was of a " .frersion,"and not, as in this case, of

" all the rest of my -lands, &c. in reversion," &c.

The land now in controversy was not held by the

testator as a reversionary estate, but as an estate

in possession; and in no way, therefore, cah the

doctrine help the present case. But there are cases, which are contrary to Bailis v. Gale, and some-

288

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
WWrirgighht
V.
Denn.

what clash with its authority. In Peiton v. Banks, (I Vern. Rep. 65.) the case was, that a man devised his lands to his wife for life, and he gave the reversion to A. and B., to be equally divided be-

twixt them. The Court decided, that A. and B. took an estate as tenants in common for life only. And Sergeant Maynard stated a similar decision to have been made about twenty years before that time. It is not material, however, to enter upon the delicate incjuity, which of these authorities is entitled to most weight, because the pre-
sent case does not require it. The word In respect to the word " tenements," itisonly
" tenements,"
daoesfeen,ot cinardrey- necessary to observe, that is has never been conpendent ofstrued in a will, independently of other circum-
other circumn-
stances, stances, to pass a fee. In Canning v. Canning, (Moseley's Rep. 240.) and Doe, ex dem, Palmer,v. Richards,(3 D. 4.E. 356.) and Denn, ex dem; Mloor, v. 31iller, (5 D. 8" E. 558.) S. C.
(2 Bos. 4 Pull. 247.) the same term occurred,
as well as the broader expression, " hereditaments ;" in neither case was the term "tenement," supposed to have any peculiar effect; and the argument, attempting to establish a fee upon the import of the' word "hereditaments," even in a residuary clause, was deliberately overruled by the Court. The same doctrine was held in Hopwell v. Ackland, (Salk. Rep. 239.)
If, then, it is asked, what interpretation the Coutt put upon the words " all the rest," in connexion with " lands and tenements ?" the answer is,that no definite meaning can, in this will, be

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'239

annexed to them. It -isour duty to give effect to 1825.

all the words of a will, if, by the rules of law, it Wright

can be done. And where words occur in a will, v. their plain arid ordinary sense is to be attached Denn.

to" them, unless the. testator manifestly applies Where words
are used by.a
them in some other sense. But, if words are testator,which

used by him, which are insensible in the placies i,heerteh'tohpeylaoceewhere they occur, or their common meaning iscur, or their

deserted, and no other is furnished by the wil, mi

de-

Courts

are

driven

to

the

necessity

of

deemingZ5soetrhteerd,

and no is fu r-

them as merely insignificant or surplusage, and nwiislhl,edthebyymtuhset

to find the true interpretaionr of the will without bee enrtdireedly dis. them. In the present case, the words, " all ther g .

rest of my lands and tenements," stand wholly

disconnected with any preceding clause. There

is nothing to which " the rest" has relation, for

no other devise of real estate is made. We have-

no certain guide to the testator's intention in

using them. We may indulge conjectures; but

the law does not decide upon conjectures, but

upon plain, reasonable, and certain expressions

of intention found on the face of the will.

The next clause is, "provided she has rio law-

ful issue." The probable intention of this pro-

viso was, " provided she has no lawful issue" by

me. Men do not, ordinarily, look to remote oc-

currences in the structure of their wills, and es-

pecially unlearned men. The testator was young,

and his wife young, and it wAs natural for them

not to despair of issue., although, at the time of

the will, he was in ill health. In case of leaving

children, posthumous or otherwise, he might

"240

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
' Wright
V.

think, that the gift to his wife of the whole of his
real estate, would be more than conjugal affec-
tipn could require, or parental prudence justify.
In that event, he might mean to displace the
whole estate of his wife, and to leave her to her dower at the common law, and thi children to their inheritance by descent. This interpretation would afford a rational exposition of .the clause, and, perhaps, ought not to be rejected, although there is no express limitation in the
words' In this view, it is not very material, whether it be considered as a condition precedent or subsequeht, though- the general analogies of
the law would certainly lead to the conclusion, that it was in the latter predicament. But even in this view, which is c6rtainly most favourable to the plaintiffs in error, it falls short of the pur-
poses of the argument. As a condition, in -the event proposed, the prior estate to the wife would be defeated; but. there would be no estate devised to the issue. They would take by de cent as heirs, and not by devise. It would be going
quite too far to construe mere words of condition
to include a contingent devise to the issue; to infer from words defeating the former estate, an intent to create a new estate in the issue, and that estate a fee, and a clear substitute for the former. .No Court would feel.justified, upon so slender a foundation, to establish so broad a superstructure. Nor can any intention fo give a fee to the wife be legally deduced friom'the proviso, in any way of,, interpreting the terms, because it isA as perfeetly consistent with the inten-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'241

tion to defeat a life estate, as a fee in the whole of the lands. The testator, with a limited property, might justly think it too much to take from his own issue the substance of their inheritance during a long minority, in favour of a wife, who might live many years, and form new connexions. In such an event, leaving her to the general provision of law, as to dower, would not be unkindness or injustice. But, it is sufficient to say,.that the words are too equivocal to enable the Court to ascertain from them the clear purpose of establishing a fee. And if the proviso refers to any lawful issue by any other husband, then it must be deemed a condition subsequent; and in the events which have happened, the estate of the wife, whether it be for life or in fee, has been defeated, and the plaintiffs in error are not entitled to reverse the present judgment. Qacunq9ue via data est, the proviso cannot help the case.
It remains now to consider the succeeding clause of the Will, in whichl the testator repeat' his devise, and gives to his wife " all his. lands," &c. dropping the words " the rest," and, therefore, showing that he did not understand them as having any other or stronger import than the will presented with6ut them. Then follow the words, " by her freely to be possessed and enjoyed ;" upon which great stress has been laid at the bar. If these words had occurred" in a will devising an estate for years, or for life, or in fee, in express terms, they would not, probably, have been thought to have any distinct auxiliary signification, but to be merely a more full annun-
r0L. X.

1825.
Wright
V.
Denn,

J42

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
W Wrri"gghhtt
V.
Denn.

ciation of what the law would imply. Occurring
in a clause where the estate is undefined, they are supposed to bave a peculiar force ; so that, " freely to possess and enjoy," must mean to

possess and enjoy without any limitation or restriction as to estate or right. The argument is, that a tenant for life is restricted in many respects. She can make no permanent improvements or alterations ; she is punishable for waste, and is subject to the inquisition of the reversion-
er. But, if this argument is admitted, it proves, not that a fee is necessarily intended, but that these restrictions on the life estate ought to be held to be done away by the words in question. They admit of quite as natural an interpretation. by being construed to mean, free of enczimbrances ; and, in this view, are just a's applicable to a life estate as a fee. Perhaps -the testator himself may have entertained the notion, that
the legacies in his will, or that of his. father, were encumbrances on the estate ; and if so, the words would ilicate an intention, that the wife should be disencumbered of the burthen. But in what way are we to reconcile the argument deduced from this clause, with that drawn on the same side from the preceding proviso? How could the testator intend, that the wife should " freely possess and enjoy" the lands in fee,
when, in one eveni, be had stripped.her of the whole estate, and that by a itondition inseparably annexed as an encumbrance to her estate ? We ought not to suppose. that he intendedto repeal the proviso under such a generd, phrase. The

tw rHE UNITED STATES.

24S

,:zsO of Loveacres v. Blight, (Cozo. Rep. 352;) hms been supposed to be a direct support of the argument in favour of a fee. In that case, the testator made the following devise : As touching such worldly estate wherewith it bath pleased God to bless me -ii this life, I give," &c. " in the following manner and form: First of all, I give and bequeath to E. M., my dearly beloved wife, the sum of five pounds, to be paid yearly out of my estate, called G., and also one part of the dwelling house, being the west side, with as much wood craft, home at'her,as she shall have need
of, by my executors hereafter named. I give," &c. " unto my son,. T. M., the sum of five pounds, to be paid in twelve months after my decease. I give unto my granddaughter E., the sum of five pounds, to be paid twelve months after my decease. Item, I give unto J. M.,and R. M., my two sons, whom I make my----- and ordain my sole executors," &c. "all and singular my lands and messuages, by them freely to be possessed and enjoyed alike." The question was, whether, by this clause, the sons took an estate for life, or in fee. The Court held, thatthey took a tenancy in common in fee. Lord Mansfield, in delivering the opimhion of the Couft, admitted, that if the intention were doubtful, the general rule of law must take place. But he laid stress upon the circumstance,. that the estate was charged with. an annuity to his wife, so that the testator could not mean by the word "freely," to give it free of encumbrances. He thought thefree enjoyment must. therefore. mean. free frord

1825.
Wright
V. Den.

244

U:ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. all limitations, that is, the absolute property of Sthe estate. He also thought the introductory
Wright
v. clause not unimportant; and that the blanlk after Denn. my was intended to be filled with " heirs ;" and

it can scarcely escape observation, that it was a case where the sons of the testator were the de-
visees. These considerations may well lead to a doubt, whether Lord'Mansfield intended to lay down any general principle of construction in relation to the words, "freely to be enjoyed," &c. But, if he did, the subsequent case of Goodright v. Barron, (11 East's Rep. 220.) has manifestly interfered with its authority. In that case, there was an introductory clause, " as touching such worldly estate wherewith it bath pleased God to bless me," &c.; and the testator then proceeded as follows: " I give and bequeath to my brothe' T. D., a cottage house, and all belonging to it, to him, and his heirs, for ever, W. C. tenant. Also, I give and bequeath to my wife E., whom I likewise make my...sole executrix, all and singular my lands, messuages, and tenements, by her freely to be possessed and enjoyed." The Court held, that ihe wife took an estate for life only; that the words, being ambiguous, did not pass a fee against the heir, but might mean free frofi encumbrances or charges, free from impeachmeit for waste; and that the introductory clause
could not be brought down into the latter distinct clause to aid it, though, if joined, it might have had that effect. The Court distingaished that case from the case before Lord Mansfield, because. in the latter, as the testator had already

OF THE UNITED STATES.

245

encumbered the estate, the words must have meant to pass a fee, or they would have no meaning at all. Mr. Justice Le Blanc added, that tle words used were not inconsistent with a life estate only; and he distinguished between them and the words, , freely to be disposed of," admitting that the latter would pass.a fee. So tlat, taking both these cases .together, the fair deduc-tion is, that the words, " freely to be possessed," &c. are too uncertain, of themselves, to raise a fee, but they may be aided by other circurm-
stances. The case before us is far less strong than
either of the foregoing cases,*for there is no introductory clause; showing an intention to dispose of the whole property,, as there was both in Goodright v. Barron, and Loveacros v. Bligiht; rior is there any encumbrance created by the tes.tator on the land, which was the decisive circum.stance that governed the latter.
Upon the whole, upon the most careful examination, we cannot find a sufficient warrant in the words of this will to pass a fee to the wife. The testator rpay have intended it, and probably'did, but the intention cannot be extracted from his words with reasonable certainty; and we have no right -toindulge ourselves in mere private con-
jectures.

1825.
Wright
v.
Denn.

.Fudgment affirined, with costs.

192

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. until Banks shall indemnify them f6r the under-

"taking

of their ancestor on his account.

M'Ccrm;ck Its unnecessary to proceed farther in the ex-

Sullivant. amination of this case, because the Court is of

opinion, that for the errors already stated, the decree of the Circuit Court ought to be reversed, and the bill be dismissed without prejudice.

Decree reversed.

[C AN'CEaY. RThs ADJUDICATA. LEx Loci.]
M'CORMICK and Wife and others, Appellants,
V.
SULLIVANT and others, Respondents.
The Courts of the United States are Courts of limited, but not of .izfer orjurisdicti6n. If the jurisdiction be not alleged in tilpero-
ceedings, their judgments and decrees nsay be reversed for that cause, on a writ of error and appeal ; but, until reversed, they are conclusive evidence between parties and privies. Th'title and disposition of real property is governed by the lex" loci roisite. The title to lands can only pass by devise, according to the laws of the State or country where the lands lie., The probate in one State, or country, is of no validity as affecting the title to lands in another.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Ohio. The appellants filed their bill in equity in the Court below, setting forth. that Willihm Craw-

OF TiE UNITED STATES.

IU16

ford, deceased, the father of the female appel- 1825. lants, being, in his lifetime, a colonel in the Vir- M'Cormick

ginia line, on continental establishment, and, as such, entitled to the quantity of 6,666 and 2-3d acres 'of land, to be laid offbetween the Scioto and Little Miami rivers, on the northwest side of the river Ohio, departed this life, having first duly

V. SuIlvant.

made and published his last will and: testament, bearing date the 16th of June, 1782, whereby he devised all his estate, not otherwise. disposed of 'by said will, to be equally divided between his three children, John Crawford, and the female complainants, and their heirs for ever, That this

will fas proved and recorded in Westmoreland county, in the State of Pennsylvania, 'on the 10th of September in the same year. That a warrant for the above quantity of land was afterwards issued in the name of the said John Crawford, as heir at law of hig father, under which the following entries were made: one for 800 acres, which was surveyed and patented to Lucas Sullivant, of which quantity 400 acres are claimed by Bernard Thompson; another for 95 2-3d acres, which was surveyed and patented to John Armat, but then claimed by William Winship; another for 956 acres, patented to some person unknowni but claimed by Samuel Finley; another for 955 acres, patented to some person unknown, but believed to be claimed and possessed

by Lucas Sullivant.

The bill then proceeds to interrogate the above parties, who are made defendants, severally, as to their knowledge of the above will, and of the

VOt. X

Of

kCASES IN TIHE SUPREME COUR'T

1825, title of the female complainants, and requires of

'
MICormick

them to set forth and describe the lands

severally

v. claimed by them, from whom they jlurchased, at

.M2Ilirant, what time, and for what price the same were

purchased, and when the purchase money was paid. The prayer is for a conveyance, by each defendant, of two thirds, of the land claimed by them respectively, and for possession.
The answer of the heirs of Winship states, that the land to which they claim title was purchased, for a valuable consideration, of Thomas Armat, by tleir father, to whom a conveyance was made in the year 1807. That a bill was filed by the'present complainants, against the said
Thomas Armat, in the District Court of Obio, exercising the powers and jurisdiction of a Ci'rcuit Court, for the land now in controversy, to
l.hich the said Armat filed his answer, asserting himself to be a bonafide purchaser of tle land, t'or a valuable consideration, and without notice, and that, the cause coming on to be heard, th6 -bill ivas dismissed without costs, after which detree, the purchase was made of Armat by the defendant's father. They insist upon, and pray to be prbtected by the said decree.
Finley answers, and, alleges himself to be a bonafidepurchaser, for a valuable consideration, of 5.00 acres, part of the 956,acres mentioned in the bill, from one Beauchamp, who claimed as assignee of Dyal, whe was assignee of John erawTord, forewhich he, paid,. and received a pa-
tent, before notice of the claim of the plaintiffs, or of the will of William Crawford.

OF THE UNITED STA'TES.

195

The heirs of Thompson filed a plea in bar, 1895,
alleging, that the complainants, in the year 1804, MCormick filed their bill in the District Court of Ohio Ta exercising the powers and jurisdiction of a Cir-- SuUfixat, cuit Court, against -B,.Thompson, their ancestor, under whom they claim, setting forth the same title, and, substantially, the same matters, as in their present .bill, to which the said.Thompson answered, and the complainants replied, and upon a hearing of the *cause the bill was dismissedwith costs, which decree is in full fbrce, &c.
Sullivant filed a similar plea, and the bill was
dismissed, as-to him, by agreement.. A general replication was put in to the answers
of Finley and. Winship's heirs,- and a spe.cial replication to the plea in bar5 setting forth the. record in the former suit, and alleging, that the pro'ceedings in that suit were coram non judice, the record not ;howing that the complainants and ..defendant in that suit, were citizens of different
States, Upon the hearing, .the bill-was dismissf 1, and
ai appeal taken .to this Court.

Mr. Doddridge,for the appellants, argued, that
the fqrmer proceedings in the District Court of -Ohio, pleaded in bar of the present suit, were absolutely null and voids th.. ,cord not showing
that the parties to that suit were citizens of different States and consequently, the suit was coram non jdice. The Courts of the United
States are all Courts of limiled jurisdiction, and the presumption is, that a case i.- without their

udrch th

( ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. jurisdiction until the contrary appears.' The MMCormiicjkurisdiction must appear on the record, either as
V. arising out of the character of the parties, or the oulivant. nature of the controversy. If it arises from the
character of the parties, as being citizens of diffbrent States, aliens, &c. the citizenship or alienage of the respective parties must be set forth.b He also contended, that the probate of the will of W. Crawford, in Westmoreland county, now a part of the State of Pennsylvania, but then claimed by Virginia, as being within its territorial limits, was sufficient to pass the title to the lands in question; but if this were not so, that the probate and record of the will was notic'e to all the world, and affected, in the view of a Court of equity, ',e consciences of the grantees, and all' those claiming under them. He, however, concluded by asking, that in ease the decree of the Court below should be affirmed, that it might be without prejudice.
Mr: Scott, contra, insisted, that the appellants had entirely failed in establishing any title .to the lands in question, under the will of W. Crawford, they not having exhibited a probate either in the State of Virginia, or of Ohio, which then constituted a part of Virginia. By the law of Virginia, then in force, it was necessdry that a will of lands should be duly proved, and admitted to
a Turner v. Bank of North America, 4 Dal. 8. b Bingham v. Cabot; 3 Dal. 282. Mossman v. liigginson, 4 Dali. 12. Abercrombie v. Dupuis, I-Cranch'sRep. 343. Wood v . Wagnon, 2 Cranch'sRep. 1.

'*F THE UNITED STATES.

record in the Court of the county where the tes- 1825. tator had his xe'idence at the time of his de- M'Cdrmiekcease; or, if he had no place of resideiice in the v. State, then in the County Court of the county where Sullivant. the landsdevised were situate; or, if the land was of a eertain value, it might be proved in the Gene-
ral Court.a The will of W. Crawford, whether executed in Virginia or elsewhere, could not have. the effect to pass his real estate, situate in that State, unless made and proved in conformity with its laws. It belongs to the sovereign power of every State, to prescribe the rules by which real property within its territory shall be transferred. No Courts but those of Virginia, or Ohio, could have jurisdiction of this will, because the probate must depend upon the legality of the execution, and that again must depend upon the lex loci. The probate of a Court. of competent jurisdiction s, by the local law, conclusive evidence of the due execution of a Wil of real as wdll as personal estate. But the Court of Westmoreland county could have no jurisdiction of the probate of this will, because that Court was not established under the authority of Virginia, and because the lands did not lie in that county, nor was the testator resident there. A mere contested claim to the territorial *jurisdictioncould never lay the foundation to establish the validity of this probate, which was, in fact, made in a foreign country. It is laid down, by the text writers on this subject, that " if a will be made in a foreign country, disposing of goods in Eng-

- . ,r:,i' Pr!' (~ode. '-.:') .'

.

C( XE- IN\ THE "- PR.'nE CUlI '
1825. land, it inozt be proved there."a A Jbrt-iort. AClCormick would it*be required to be proved there, (if by
V. the English law probate of a will of lands were Sullivant. conclusivb,) where it related to real property.' If
this will could not pass the legal title to the lands in controversy, nefther could the respondents be affected with- constructive notice by the probate in Pennsylvania. Had it been duly proved and recorded in the Stahte where the -lands are situate, it is so vaguely drawn as not to designate, with certainty, the particular lands in question.. The claim of the appellants would, therefore, still be but a latent equity, and the purchaser from the heir would be protected.c He also insisted, that the respondents were protected by the foriner decree in the District Court. Although the Courts ofthe United States are Courts of limited jurisdiction, so that their judgments will be reversed on error, unless the jurisdiction appears upon the face of the record, yet they are not inferior Courts in a technical sense ; and so long as their judgments~remain unreversed, they are conclusive. Their judgments may be reversed in an appellate Court for this cause; but they are not mere nullities.'
.farch 16th. Mr. Justice WASHINGTO'.N delivered the opinion of the Court, and, after stating the case' proceeded as follows:
a Toller's Exec. 72. b Robertson, Wills, 50. See also I1 Vin. Abr. 58, 59. 1 Vern·91. 1 Ld. Rayn. 251. 3 Mass. Rep. 518. 16 Mass. Rep. 441. K-err v.'Moo'n, 9 Whcat. Rep. 565. 570. c Lewis v. Madison, i Munf. 303. ,7Kempe Kennedy,-5 Cronch's Rep. "

)i, Till UNITED STATES.

199

The question which the plea of Thompson's 1825.

heirs, and the ahswer of W· inship's heirs, pre- bM'Cormick sents, is, whether the. general decree of dismis- ',.

sion of the bill in equity, filed by the present Howlanth

plaintiffsin the Fedienral District CoouurrtCoorftsO-ohfio,

Ho, far the
the

against the ancestor of these defendants, underVnaireteCdouSrttasteosf whom they respectively claim title, is a barofnimited juris. the remedy which is sou·gh·t to be enforced by the those. Courts present suit? 'The reason assigned by the repli- med yrbot wevaenrtsof-

cation, why that &eree cannot operate as a bar, juarpispdeiacr~intogn on

is,'that the proceedings in that'suit do not showlthprocfeaecdeionfgst;he

that the parties to it, plaintiffs and defendants, nt.eil n,
reversed, is
were citizens of different States, and that, con-conclusive as sequently, the suit was coram noi judice, and the' O s adjudi.

decree void.

But this reason proceeds upon an incorrect

view of the character and jurisdiction of the in-

ferior Courts of the United States. They are.

all of limited jurisdiction ; but they are not, on

that account, inferior Courts, - in -the technical

sense of those words, whose judgments, taken

alone, are to be disregarded. If the jurisdiction

be not alleged in the proceedings, their judg-

ments and decrees arc erroneous, and may, upon

a writ of error, or appeal, be reversed for that

cause. But they are not absolute nullities. This

opinion was strongly intimated, if not decided,

by this Court, in the case of Kempe's lessee v.

Kennedy, (5Cranch'sBep. 185.) and was, after-

wards, confirmed by the decision made in the

case of Skillern's executors v. Mays executors,

(6 Cranch's Rep. 267.) That suit came before this Court upon a writ of error. where th deeree

200

IASES IN THE SUPREME GOUIV

1825.
M Mo.i
Sullivant.

of the Court below was reversed, and the caus,
remanded for further proceedings to be had threin. After this, it was discovered by that Court, that the. jurisdiction was not stated in the
proceedings, and the question w.as made, whether that Court could dismiss the suit for that reason ? This point, on which the Judges were divided, was certified to the Supreme Court, where it was decided, that the merits of the cause having been. finally decided in this Court, and its mandate only requiring the execution of its decree, the Court below was bound to carry that decree into execution, notwithstanding the jurisdiction of that Court was not alleged in the pleadings. Now, it is very clear, that, if the decree had been considered, as a nullity, on the ground that jurisdiction was not stated in the proceedings, this Court could not have required
it to be executed by the inferior Court.. We are, therefore, of opinion, that the decree
of dismission relied upon in this case, whilst it remains unreversed, is a valid bar of the present
suit as to the above defendants. The next question is presented by the answer
of Finley. At the death of William Crawford, in the year 1782, be was entitled to a certain quantity of land to be laid off between the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, under a promise contained in an act of the legislature of Virginia. His interest in this land was purely an equitable one. After his death, a warrant to sutvey the same was granted to John Crawford, his only son and h.-ir at law. who assigned to mne Dval r.certain

OF THE UNITED STATE*

'itOl

tract which had been surveyed under the warrant, 1825. and the defendant claims a part of th(: tract so MCormick surveyed, under Beauchamp, who purchased from ,. Dyal. Ile alleges, in his answer, that he made Sullivant. the purchase bonafide, paid the purchase money. and obtained a grant for the land, befbre lie had notice of the will of7 William Crawford. or of the claim of his daughters under it.
Crawford's will, under which the female coniplainants claim title, was proved in some Court in the county of Westmoreland, in the State of Pennsylvania, and was there admitted to record; but it does not appear, nor is it even alleged, to have been at any time proved in the State of Virginia,. or in the State of Ohio, where the lands
in controversy lie. At te time of the death of William Craw-
ford .dnds lying in Virginia were transmissible by last will and testament, in writing, .the same being signed by the testator, or by some person in his presence, and. by Jbis direction, and if not wholly written by himself, being attested by two or more credible witnesses, in his presence. But to give validity and effect to such will, it was ne-
cessary that it should be duly proved, and admitted to record, in the Court of the cunty where the testator had his residence at the time of his decease, -or, if he had no place of residence in that State, then in the Court of the county where the land'devised lay, or it might be proved in the General Court, where the land was of a certain value. Subsequent to the death of William Crai for'd1.01ad(tllli.l~ a*,.~''tt, i " 5,,'-noObh a.-~ .~.s ,~,., ,.'.~: i,-

20?

LASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. mitted authenticated copies of wills, proved in C any other State of the Union, or abroad, to be ofArick fered for probate in the General Court, or in the
Snlli-vat. Circuit, County, or Corporation Court, where the
whole of the estate lies. By the law of the State of 'Ohio, lands lying
in that State may be devised by last will and testament, or writing; but, before such will can be considered as valid in law, it must be presented to the Court of Common P~leas of the county where the land lies for probate, and be proved by at least two of the subscribing witnesses. If the will be proved, and recorded, in another State, according to the laws of that State, an authenticated copy of the will may be offered for probate in the Court of the county where the land lies, without proof by the witnesses; but it is liable to be contested by the heir at law, as the oriainal
b might have been. 'will ofl',, It is an acknowledged principle 'of -law, that oes,,t srTOethe title and disposition of real property is exthe title tor elusively sbject to the laws oi die country where
property inan-
olothrei. r~eTihsioe,x,i,it issituated, which can alone prescribe the mode o ..sas toby which a title to it can pass from one person or iel pro-to the disposition another. For the establishment of this doelt~Y" trine, it will be sufficient to cite the cases of the
U.ntited States v. Crosby,(7 C'ranch'sRep. 115.) and Kerr v. Moon, (9 Wheat. Rep. 565..) It follows, therefore, that no estate could pass to the dlaughters of William Crawford, under his will, until the same should be duly provd according to the laws of Virginia, where the land to which he waku mtithl ks'. at-fth timie oif hi. dtath, or

uF THE UNITED STATE,.

203

of the territory of Ohio, after the cession by Virginia to the United States, under the ordinance of Congress of the 18th of July, 1787, or according to the law of that State, which has already been recited. The probate of the will in the State of Pennsylvania, gave it nio validity whateVer in respect to these lands, as to which this Court is bound to consider Cfawford as having died intestate, and, consequently, that they descended to John Crawford, his only son and heir at law, according to the law of Virginia, as it stood in .the year 1782. The Court below, then, could do no less than dismiss the bill as against this defendant, upon the ground, that the
complainants had shown no title whatever, legal Qr dquitable, to the land in controversy.
This Court might be induced to yield to the application of the counsel for the appellants, that' in case. of an affirmance, it- should, be Without prejudice, if we could perceive, from the recor(h thai the complainants could, in another suit, -present their case under -a more favourable aspect. But this the answer of Finley will not permit us
to anticipate; for, even if an authenticated copy of Crawfdrd's. will should hereafter be offered for probate, and admitted to record in the State of Ohio, still, the title to be- derived under it could not be permitted to overreach the legal title of this defendant, founded, as it is, upon an equitable title, acquired bonafide, and for..a valuable consideration paid, which purchase, payment,
and acquisition of legal title, were made bfore he had either legal nr (cn.ructive notice of the,

I825.
V.
Suffivant.

2-U4
18125. - Wright
V.
Denn.

CASEb EN THE :i.PREME COLRr
will, or of the claim of the daughters, Fbr we arti all of opinion, that the probate of the will in Pennsylvania cannot be considered as constructive notice to any person, of the devise of the lands in controversy. The decree of the Court below must, therefore, be affirmed generally, with costs.

DE'.'isE.

\VmRHT. Plaintiff in Error, v. DE PAGE, Defendant in Error.

u:.r dc/n.

-1.P., by his last will, after certain pecuniary leacies, devised as fullows : "Item, I give and bequeath unto my loving wife M., all the. rest of my lands and tenements whatsoever, whereof I shall die seised in possession, reversion, or remainder, provided she has no lawfulissue. Item, I give and bequeath unto M., my beloved wife, whom I likewise, constitute, make, and ordain, my sole executrix of this my last will and testament, al- andsingular my lands, messuages, and tenements, by herfreely to be possessed and enjoyed," &c. "and I make my loving friend, H. J., executor of this my will. to take care, and see the same performed, according to my true in-
tent and meaning," &c. The testator died seised without issue, and, after the death of the testator, his wife M. 'married one G. W.. by whom she had lawful issue. Held, that she took an estate for
life only under the will of her husband, J. P. Where there are no words of limitation to a devise, the general rule
of law is, that the devisee takes an estate for life only, unless, from the language there used, or from other parts of the will, there is a
plain intention to give a larger estate. To make a pecuniary legacy a charge upon lands devised, there must
be express words, or a plain implication from the words of tle vil

1825.
United States
V. Morris.

C ksES IN THE SIPREME (OURT
[REITfsSIoN OF FO RFFTURE. P1.EAVING.J

The UNITED STATES V. MORRIS, Marshal of
the Southern District of New-York.
The Secretary of the Treasury has authority, under the Remission Act of the Sd of March, 1797, c. 301. [lvii.1 to iernit a forfeiture or penalty accruing under the revenue la s, at any time, before or after a final sentence of rondemnatia,i,r jndgment for (lie penalty, until the money is .ictally 1,ad over to the Collector for distribution.
such remission , itends to the .hares of the fotfeitune or penalty to whc-b the officfm s of the customs are entitled, a- %,-lIas to the interest f the United States.
In a plea ofjustification by the Marshal, fit not levying an execution, etting forth a remiision by the Secretary of the Treasury, of the fokt.eiture or penalty on which the judgment was obtained, it is not necessary to set forth the statement of facts upon which the remis-ion was founded.

ERROR to the Circuit Court for the Southern
District of New-York.
This wat an action brought against the defendant, in the Court below, as Marshal of the Southern District of New-York, for a misfeasance in neglecting to proceed on a vcnditioni ex-
ponas issued out of the District Court of the United States for the District of Maine, requiring him to -eIl the goods and chattels of Andrew Ogden, Abraham K. Smedes, and Thomas C. Butler,which tie had levied upon by virtue of certain executions issued against them, in favour of the United States, on a judgment recovered in the said District Court of Maine, and which Voods and chattels refhained in his hands for want

OF THE UNITED STA I'ES.
of buyers, according to his return on said execu- 1825. tions. The misconduct, or neglect of duty, al-.United States leged against the Marshal, was, that he did not V. sell the property so levied upon, according to the Morris.
command of the Writ, but delivered the same up to the defendants, discharged from the execution. The declaration stated the judgment to have been recovered in the September term. of the Court, in the year 1817, for 22,361 dollars 75 cents, damages, and which, in part, to wit, in the sum of 11,180 dollars 87 cenis, remained in full force; not reversed, paid off, or satisfied, to the plaintiffs, and that execution to that amount remains to be done. The venditioni exponas, as was alleged, Was put into the hands of the Marshal on the lSth day of August, 1819.
The pleadings in the cause show, that Andrew Ogden, of the city of New-York, in or about the month of June, in the year 1813, imported into Portland, in the District of Maine, certain goods and mer handise qin the brig Hollen, which vessel, as well as the goods, belonged to him: These goods, together with the brig, -were thereupon seized as forfeited to the United States, on the ground that the goods had been imported in that vessel, in violation of the non4ntercourse acts, then in existence. The goods and vessel were libelled in the District Court of Maine, on the 6th ot July, 1813, and on the 19th of thc-same month were delivered up to Aridrew Ogden, after having been regularly aplpraised, upon his having executed, together with Abraham K. Smedes, and Thomas C. Butler. a bond for their appraised

N48

CASES IN TiHE SUPREME COURT

1825. value. The vessel and goods wprc, afterivards, U~nieteSdtoSntates the 27th of May, 1817, condemned as forfeit-
v. eo to the use of the United States. And such Morris. proceedings'were thereupor had, that, in the fol-
lowing Se')tember term of the Court, a judgment was entered upon the bond of appraisement for 22,361 dollars 75 cents, with costs.
The defendant, Morris, pleaded the general issue, and a special plea in justification, that the
forfeitures had been remitted by the Secretary of the Treasury, setting out in h.ec verba, two warrants of remission, which were duly served upon him before the return day of the venditioni cxponas, and averring a compliance on -the part of the*defendants, with all the terms and conditions required by the warrants of remission. All which were duly set forth in the return on the -renditioneixponas, before the commencement of
the present suit.
To this special plea, a replication was filed, stating, in substance, that at the time of the forfeiture, seizure, and condemnation, of the brig Hollen, and the goods imported in her; and, also, at the time of their condemnation, and the entering up of the judgment on the bond for their appraised value, and of the issuing of the several writs of execution, and at the time of the making and issuing the said warrants of remission, and of the service thereof on the defendant, &c. Isaac Ilsley, and James C. Jewett, were the co.llector and surveyor of the port of Portland, and, as such; entitled to one half of the said forfeiture; and that the said several executions

OF THE LN1TI'D STATE*.

were issued for their benefit, and solely to col- 1825.

lect the said sum of 11,180 dollars 87 cents, f.or UniteeSd States their own separate use, and that the defendant v.

had notice thereof when the said several writs of Morr

execution were delivered to him to be executed; setting out, also, two endorsements on the execu-

tion, one signed by -the District Attorney 6f Maine, notifying.the defendant, that' the execu-

tion was for the benefit of the said Collector an.d

Surveyor, hn'd directing the Marshalto collect the

same by their order. The other was-signed by

the Collector and Surveyor, requiring the Marshal

to collect the. executi6n .forthwith, and deposit the. money, agreeably .to the comimand of the

writ, and notifying him, that the. propertyin the.

executidn was in thein, arid directing him tO re-

ceive orders from them, and from no other per-

son. whatsoever, in Wihatever related "to the said

execution. . _nd it Was then averred, 'that the present suit was for the purpose-of.enabling the

Collector and Surveyor to recover their damages

for the injury they had sustained by reason of the'

misfeasance of 'the defendant, in the declaration

mentioned, and not for the benefit,. use, or be-

hoof, of the said plaintiffs.

To this replication the defendant demurred specially, and stated the following causes of de-

murrer : (1.) For that the replication is a depar-

-ture from the declaration, in this, that the decla-

ration proceeds upon a cause of action in favour 'of the' United States ; whereas the replication

pro.ceeds upon a cause of action in favour'of the

said Ilsley and Jewett, &c. (2.) For that the

Vol. -X.

-32

250

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURI

1825. replication discloses no lawful and sufficient au-
UnniteiSdtatees thority f.or the said I. and J., to prosecute the V. said action against the said T. M., &c., and in
Morris. the name of the United States. (3.) For that
the declaration proceeds upon the ground, that the several writs of execution therein respectively mentioned, were issued upon a judgment obtained for the use of the United States, and, therefore, according to the act in such case made, &c., might lawfully run and be executed in any other State or territory of the United States, than the Raid District of Maine, in which the said judgment was obtained. Whereas the replication discloses the fact, that the said judgm-n-tvas not obtained for the use of the said United States, bu for the use and benefit of the said I. and J., and therefore, could not run and be executed in any other State, &c. (4.) That the suit is prosecuted in.the name of the United States, by an attorney, on record, other than the District Attorney of the United States for the Southern District of New-York.
A joinder in demurrer having been filed, judgment was given for the defendant in the Co.urt below, and the cause brought by writ of. error to this Court.
On the part of the plaintiff in error, it was contended,' that the judgment ought to be reversed,
1. Because the -Secretary of the Tikeasury had no power to remit th. share of the forfeiture wlieh belonged to the ustom-house *officers.
2. Because the action was rightly brought in the name of the United States, 'by an attorney of

OF TH" UNITED STATES.

251

the Court below, specially authorized to prose- 1825.

cute the suit by an order of one of the Judges ofU"nitedd'S0tates

that Court.

v.

3. Because the replication is not a departure iIolr.

from the declaration, proceeding upon a different

cause of action from that stated in the declara-

tion.

Mr. hVeaton, for the plaintiffs in error, stated
the principal question in the cause to be, whether, after .a: definitive sentence of condemnation, in a revenue cause, the Secretary of the Treasury has a right, under the Remission Act of the 3d of March, 1797, c. 361. [1xvii.]" to remit the forfeiture so as

a Which -provides, (s. 1.) . That Wherever any person, or per-
sons, who shall have incurred any fine, penalty, forfeiture, dr disability, or shall have been interested in any vessel, goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall have been subject to any seizure, forfeiture, or disability, by force of any present or future law of the
United States, for the laying, levying, or collecting, any duties or
thxes, or by force of any present or future act, concerning the registering and recording of ships or vessels, or any act concerning the enrolling and licensing ships or vessels employed in the coast-
ing trade or fisheries, and for regulating the same, shall prefer his petition to the Judge of the District in which such fine, penalty, forfeiture, or disability shall have accrued, truly and paiticularly setting forth the circumstances of his case; first causing reasonable
notice to be given to the person or persons claiming such fine,
penalty, or forfeiture, and to the Attorney of the United Staies for such District, that each may have an opportunity ofshowing cause
against the remission or mitigation thereof; ant aall cause the facts which shall appear upon such .inqtiry, to be stated and an-
nexed to the pelition, and diredt their transmission to the Secretary of the Treasury of the United Stats, who shall thereupon have power to mitigate or remit such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, or remnve such disability, or any part thereof, if i.his opinion the

252

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. to affect the right of the officers of the customs,

UUnuitnedeSr tates

the Qollection Act of 1799, c. 128. [cxxvii.i.]

MoVrr.is. ss. 89. and 91.," to a moiety of the fines, penal-

same shall have been incurred without wilful negRgence, or any
inrtentiorf of fraud in the person or. persons incurring' the same;.
and to direct the progecution, if any shall have een instituted ror
the recovery thereof, to cease and' 'be discontinued, uppn such terms or conditions as he may deem reasonable and just.", (S. 3.) " That nothing herein contained shall be construed to affect the 'right or claim of any person to that part of any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, incuri'ed by the brea.ch of any of the laws aforesaid, whihh such person shall or may be entitled to, by virtue of the said laws, in cases where a prosecution has been commenced, or
information has been given before the passing of this act, or any other act relative to the. mitigation, o r remission of such fines,.
penalties, or forfeitures; the amouit -of which right and claim shall be'assessed and valued by the proper Judge or Cburt in a summary way."
a Which provides,. (s. 89.) " That all penalties accruing' by. any breach .f this act, shall be sued for and recovered, with costs of suit, in the name of the .United States of America, in any. Court
competent to try the same; and the trial of any fact which may be put in issue, shall be within the judicial District in which any sudh penalty shall have accrued; and the Collector within whose Dis-" trict ihe seizure shall have been made, or forfeiture incurred, is hereby enjoined to cause suits for the same to be commenced without delay, and prosecuted to effect; and is, moreover, auth'orizid to receive from theCourt, within'whiich s.uch.trial is had,
or from the propet, officer thereof, the sum or su's so recovered, after deducting proper charges,.to be allowed by, the said Court; and on receipt thereof the said Collector shall pay and distribute the same, without delay, according to law," &c.. (s. 91.) " That' all fin es, penalties and forfeitures; recovered by virtue of this act, and not otherwise approp.riatek], shall, after deducting all proper costs and charkes, be disposed of.as-follows: one moiety shall be ifor the us of the United States, and .be paid into the Treasury thereof by the Collector receiving the same i the other moiety shall
.h. aiv.ided between, and paid in equal proportions to, the Collector

OF T-HE UNITED STATES.

253

ties, and forfeitures, recovered under tho act. 1825. He Insisted, that the right of the Collector, &c. United States accruing by the seizure, wa! consummated by I.
the final sentence.of- condemnation, and became an absolutely vested right, which could not be devested~by the remission after such sentence. This had been expressly determined in the.Circuit Court for'the First Circuit ;a and though tle ..ase had -not hitherto been pro.sented to this Court,.there were other analogous cases which' settled the doctrine, that, as between the representatives of a deceased Collector, and his successor in office, or as betwe.en a removed Collec-' tor and. such successor, the share of the forfeiture to which be is entitled attaches, and is consummated by the sentence of "condemnation.' This went upon the principle, that it became an absolutely vested right, by relation back to thetime of' seizure. If it were an absolutely vested right, it must be vested as against the government. .It .is not vested, even as against the government, at the time. of the seizure.. That only gives an inchoate right, which may never become absolute for want of a condemnation, or 'may be intercept-
ed by. a remission before condemnation. The

and Naval Officer of the District and Surveyor of the port, whereto the same. shall have been incurred, or to such of the said officers as there may be in the said Dihstrict; and in districts where only one of the aforesaid officers shall havw been established, the-said moiety shiall be given to such officer." &c.
a The Margaretta, 1 Gallis. Rep. 515. 522. The.Hollen, I
Mason'sRep. 431. b Jones v. Shore , IWhat. Rep. 462. Van Ness -v. Buel. 4
it heat. Rep: 74.

254

(ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. forfeiture has, for certain purposes, relation back
Uniteed"Sttaftees t'o the commission of the offence. As between v. the offender and all persons claiming as pur-
Morris. chasers of the property, and the government, the

forfeiture attaches- at the -moment of delictunt. But this proceeds from the necessary strictness of all fiscal regulations, and does not prevent a remission before condemnation. The delicturn does, indeed, devest the proprietary interest from the owner, so as to overreach th6 claims of -subsequent purchasers ; but it .does not, therefore, follow, that the share to which the officers of the customs may become entitled, vests in them eo instanti. Their title may never vest, -by reason of three contingencies: (I.) There may be no seizite. (2.) There may be a remission after .theoffence, and before cofidemnation. "3.) There may be no condemnation. Jfthere be no seizure, of course no title vests.. If there be a remission before condemnation, as no title'has yet vested except against subsequent purchasers, it purges the offence entirely, by relation back to the ddicturn. If there be no cdndemnatiori, the inchoate
title is never ripened into maturity. But if there be a remission after condemnation, the rights of the. seizing officers have become Absolute, and the remission purges the offence (if it has any -eff&et at all) only so far as the government is con-
cerned.. This .would appear from the plain reading of
the Collection Act of 1799, 6. 128. [cxxviii.]

,z C-anch's R p. C95. 41.-

OF TiE UNITED STATES.

255

ss. 89,90, 91. which directs the Collector to prose-
cute for breaches of the revenue laws, and to receive the sqms recovered, and to pay and distribute the same among the different persons entitled. It must be admitted, on all hands, that
the 'right must absolutely vest at some period. The Court have already rejected the notion that it does not vest until the actual receipt, and payment over of the money.a There could, therefore, be no other epoch but that of the sentence of condeinnation,- which, if definitive, or unappealed from, fixes and ascertain' the rights.of all parties. Admitting, f6r the sake of the argu; ment, that the government may aftdrwards remit, so far as its own rights are exclusively concerned; it cannot certainly be concluded, from* the
terms of the Remission Act, that the government iritended to revoke its bounty, conferred absolutely upon its officeis by a solemn statute for
great purposes of public policy. "Itis immaterial what the Secretary of the Treasury intended to do. The question is, what was he authorized to do by the law under .which he acted.
All the analogies of the common law would be
found to repel the idea that the remission could devest the rights which had become ascertained and fixed by the sentence of condemnation. Pardon and remission are synonymous terms, and their legal effect upon the rights of parties must be the same. ." Pardon" is defined to be " a work of mercy, whereby the king forgiveth any

1825.
V.
Morris.

,. Jones v. Shore. 1 Wheat. Rep. 470.

UASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. offence, &c. right, title, debt, or duty." ,, ThiUniteodtatespower which 'is given to the President by'the
V. constitution, of granting pardons for offences may, or may not, extend to revenue cases; but whether the pardon is granted by the President,,
or by his minister, is immaterial. It is still the act of the governfment, and it can have no greater effect in the one case than in the other. It is laid down that'a pardon does not discharge the thing-in which the subject has a property or interest.; as if a suit be in the Spiritual. Court for. tithes, d legacy- contract, or matrimony, &c. " or for dilapidation. So, if an incumbent accepts a plurality, the interest of the patron to present is not discharged by a general pardon.' A penalty, upon a, conviction for deer stealing, is not discharged by a pardon-; for it'is a forfeifure to the party grieved.' 'The king cannot, by his pardon,
discharge an action comtnenced qui tam upon a penal. statute, except for the king's moiety or partl Nor penialties to be divided between the
informer and the poor of the parish.9 So a pardon does not dischlarge a thing conseqienit or iftcident in which the subject has an interest vested
in -him; as costs taxed in the- Spiritual- Court, a pardon of the offence does not discharge ihe costs." And this, though the party appeals after the taxation of costs, so that the sentence is-suspended. by the appeal.: So, if the party appeals

a '3 Inst. 233.' b 5 Co. 51. a. c -s Mod. Rep. 56.. d.Cro. CRa.r. 3"57. 358. e 1 Salk. Rep. 233, 23-4.

f 3 Inst. 238. g Str.-Rep. 1272. h 5 Co. 51. b. Cro. iac.
159. "Cro.Car. 199..a 5 Co. Lit. 51. b.

OF THE UNITED STAT.ES.

after costs taxed, and then the pardon comes, 1825. and upon the appeal the former sentence is a.n- U\-nvite-S'tato nulled, and costs given to the appellant; these i V. costs are not dischargedby the pardon: for the Morris: costs being taxed in the original suit, the party had a right -ofappeal, which was not taken away by the pardon;.and, consequently, has a right to' th costs.- So, on a proceeding.. in- rem, ii the Exchequer, the crown's share only of a forfeiture is pardoned, by an act of genei'al pardon, .but not the informer'i" on an information previously filed.b And in prize proceedings, the condemnation is held to. vest the right in .the captors so absolutely, that the government cannot release.: Thus, in the case of'the Elsebe; (one of the fa.moius
Swedish convoys) Sir.. W. Scott determined, thit the crown might interp6se to release -the captured vessels before, but not after, a final
aajudication.c
As to the technical questioiis which had been
raised by the special deinurrer upon the plead-. ings, they were allinvolved-in the questi.oi upon the merits. If the remission was ·void as to the custdm-house .officers,-they had a. right to sue in the nameof the United' States ;. or, rather, the latter are suing in their own name, to give effect to their own bounty granted to those officers,who are pro~sicutors. from the beginning ifi the name of the United States. They are not bnly privies, but.parties, and are concluded by a son-

a Cro. Car. 47.

· c 5 Rob. 173.

VoL. X.

33

b Pa'rk&r, 20.

( ASES IN TIlE SUPREME CQURT

185. tence of acquittal as well as of condemnation." Spited States But they may also be considered as the assignees
v. of the United States, and then the question whether .-fo~rns. they are'to sue in their own name, or in that of
the United States, will depend upon the forms of proceeding in analogous cases. By the civil law, op. the cession of a debt, tho assignor impliedly ceded to the. assignee all his rights of action as incidental to the cession. The assignee became what was called procuratorin rem suam, and sued in the name of his assignor. So, in Efngland, and in this country, it has long since been settled, that the assignee of a chose in ac-
tion may-sue in the name of the assignor, who has no right to interfere *With the suit.' By the ancient common law, the king could assign a chose in action, though a subject could not. But the assignee of the king took it with all the high prerogative remedies. Thus, it is laid down, that the king's grantee may sue an obligation, &c. granted to him, Int his own name, or may prosecute in the king's nam.e; " for the grant of the statute, or debt, is a warrant to him to prosecute process in the king's name."O Thus, where a debt due to an outlawed person was granted by the king; held, that the grantee might levy it in his own name, or, by extent, in the king's name. " although he hath not any words in his

a H~oyt y. Gelston, 3 Wheat. Rep. 319. b 1 Johns. eas. 411. 2 Johns. Cas. 121. 425. Bottoiley v. BrDoke, 2 B1. Re "1271.
23. 1 Term Rep. 619. 621, 622. c Cro. Jac. 82.

S Johns. Rep. 1 Wheat. Rep.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1159

grant to sue it in the name of the king, as is 1825.

usual in such cases.

Uniteed States

As to the alleged departure in pleading, which V.

-isrelied on as one of the causes of demurrer,

the objection-is, that the replication sets up a

cause of action in the -custom-house officers,

whi lst the declaration proceeds on a cause of ac--

tion for the-United States. The answer is, that

the suit being herebrought in the niame of the

United States, whose duty and interest it is to

prosecute fok the benefit of the officers, (who are

their grantees,) notwithstanding the remission,

the cause of action stated in the replication is

just as much'iii favour of the" United Stated as

that.set.up int.he deolaration. How,'then; stand

.the.pleadings.? (1.) The declaration settiifi up

a cause of action in favour of.the United States.

(2.) A plea 'of remission by the United-States.

(3.) A replication, 6dmitting the fact'of remis-

sion, aid airming.the cause of .4.tiQn in fayvour

of the United States, as.46t 915 ib'the"ddcaration,

with dt new. ciicumstance, viz. a right: of third

persons, which invalidates the remisgion so far

as. they are concerned. Tilis new matter is as

serted, not by the .officers, but by the United

States theinselves, "who sue precisely as -if the

parties had not performed the c.onditibns on

which the remission.was granted; and it had be-

come totally vbid. Ai .was not. necessary that

.this new matter'should have been stated in the

a .Cro: Jac. 179, 10. Com. Dig.tit. Assignment, (D.'

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. declaration. In declaring, it is only necessary UniiteeadtoStates set out enough to naintain the action. In an
V. action fbr not executing a writ of execution, it is Morris. sufficient to set out the judgment, execution, and
facts of neglect or misfeasance. Even stating the judgment is merely inducement. It is sufficient to state concisely the circumstances which give rise to the defendant's particular duty 6r liability." The remission was a matter of defence which it was incumbefit 6n the defendant to set forth. Successive pleadings are designed for this verypurpose. The offiee of the declarationisto set forth. the cause of action merely, of the plea to avoid itand of the replication to avoid the plea. Thus, in debt on bond for the performance of' covenants, the plaintiff declared for the penalty. The' defendant craved oyer, and pleade'd general performance. The plaintiff replied, setting forth particular breaches, and it was held good? The .declaratioi in the present ease pursues the most approved forms, and with more circum~tantiality than usual.: Departure is where the plea contains subsequent matter, which does not maintain or fortify the matter in the declaration." But here it does maintain it, and, at the same time, avoids the bar. The bar is remission; the replication shows, that it is no answer to the declara-
a 1 Chitty's Plead..369. b Post Master General v. Cochran, 2 Johns. Rep. 4i"t. c See 2 Chitty's Plead. 203-,206, d Co. Lift. 304. a.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

261

tion. In Winch v. Keeley, in assumpsit, defendant pleaded, that plaintiff had become a bankrupt, and assigned all his effects, under the sta-. tute, to his legal assignees ; plaintiff replied, that the suit was brought by him for the use of another' party, to whom he had transferred the debt before the bankruptcy. Tho replicatidn was held good, and.the objection of departure was'not even mentioned at the bar.

1825. " V.
Moris

On the part of the defeii.ant; it was insisted, that the judgment ought -to be affirmed, for the following reasons:
1. Because the Secretary of the Treasury had a right to remit the forfeiture in question, not-. withstanding the judgment of condeinnation previously rendered, as stated in the pleadings.
2. Because, the whole. case, on the part of the Collector and Surveydr of Portland, proceeds on the gr6und; that the remission by the Secretary is binding upon the United States, and discharges their moiety of the forfeiture ; bui bas not that effect on the other moiety claimed.by tiem ;.thus giving a construction to the remission, inconsist-. ent with its"own terms, and the act .under which it was granted. According to that act, the remission must b6 valid to the whole extent of the power exercised under it, or not at all; as it is, admitted, therefore, to be good in part, it follows that it is good for the whole.
S. Because such a remission is not like a pardon, nor is it to be governed b1.the same rules;

I Term Rev.':,1o.

'162

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. but is equivalent to the judgment or decree of a
UniiSted States competent tribunal, that no forfeiture should be v. enforced, inasmuch as it was without wilful negli-
Morris. gence, or any intention of fraud, in the persoil

or persons incurring the same. 4. Because, as far at least as it relates to the
act of Congress, vesting in the Secretary of the Treasury the remitting power, as therein mentioned, the custom-house officers have no vested rights in any forfeiture, until not only condemnation, but the receipt of the money produced by a sale of the forfeiture, or collection of the bond substituted for it, before which time the Secretary has full power to remit; and, having exercised it in.this case, the Collector and Surveyor of Portland' are equally bound by it as the United States.
5. Because, if the said Collector and Surveyor of Portland had any vested rights in the forfeiture in question, notwithstanding the remission, then they ought to have enforced them by an action in their own name, and not in that of the United States.
6. Because, the condemnation of the brig and goods being to the use of the United States, and the recovery in the bond being also in the name of the United States, they became trustees for the Collector and Surveyor of Portland, for whatever rights or interest they had therein; and these, whateveri.they were, were discharged by the remission of the Secretary, inasmuch as the release of a trustee is, at

OF THE UNITED STATES.

263

law, a bar of the rights or interest of his cestui 1825.

que trust,and especially in a case where fraud Un-"i'itae' d -tates

is neither charged nor pretended.

V.

7. Because, this being an action to recover Morris.

damages for a misfeasance, if the United States

themselves could sustain it, yet, it- being, in its

nature, incapable of assignment, they c5uld not

transfer to the said Collector and Surveyor such

right of action, and authorize its prosecudtion in

their name; much less can it be prosecuted with-

out any such assignment or authority.

8. Because, if the United States. could them-

selves sustain such an action, the said Collector

and Surveyor would be entitled to no part of the

damages recovered; for suchi damages would

not be the forfeiture, nor the proceeds of the

-bond which was substituted for it; to a share of

which only they are by law entitled. Of coiirse.

therefore, they cannot sustain the present action

to recoverdramages foi their own private benefit,

in the name of the*United States, which, .ifre-

covered by the United States, they would be en-

titled to no share of.

M r. Emmett and Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the
defendant, stated, upon the first point, that it was
remarkable, and might be useful for interpreting the law, that the question as to the power of the Secretary to remit, after sentence, was never
raised until subsequently to the judgment of this Court in JoneR. v. Shore,a and more especially

,1 j Wheat. Rep. 46,'

264

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. until 4 Ler what fell from Story, J. in the MargaUnited States retta., That no such doubt was conceived to
v. exist at the bar before the case of Jones v. Morris. Shore, al pears from the arguments of all thb
counsel i; that case, which admit, that the right was hiot so vested as not to be defeated by a remission. An expression there attributed -o Mr. Pinkney ' as to the President's power of pardoning, leacts to an examination of the distin,'t:on be-
tween this power of remission and the pardoning power. The power of pardoning isa pre-, rogative given to the President by the constitation, analogous to that exercised by the British,
and other sovereigns. It is an act of grace and mercy; founded on the fact of guilt and crime, but exercised from other considerations than those which govern a remission by the .reasury. It is laid down, that " the king, by his -lprerogative, may grant his pardon to all offenders at-
tainted or convicted of a crime, where he has hope of their amendment.' 'c The remission proceeds
on the ground of moral innocence, and is to be only a consequeice of it. The Secretary of the Treasury has no power whatever, except where, in- his opinion, from the judicial' statement of facts, the forfeiture " shall have been incurred without wilful negligence, or any intention of
fraud in the person or persons incurring the same." A pardon being an act of grace and mercy to an acknowledged criminal, it is but just

a 2 Gallis. Rep. 316. r Conkyn's Dig. Pardon,(A.)

b 1 WhAeat. Rep. 462.

OF THE UNITED STATI

that it should not disturb the rights of others, 1825.

founded on the fact of that guilt, and their indus- t Un'ite¢d Seta"tes try in detecting it; but where the remission is v. fbunded on moral innocence, the justice of the Morris. case is the other way. In this respect, there ought to be no difference whether a condemnation was had or not; for, although a sentence of condemnation may establish a violation of the letter of the revenue laws,.the remission proceeds on the ground, that it establishes no guilt, and the petition for the .emission must admit all the facts on which conviction could be founded. The -remission is intended to be,ard is, in fact, a judi-
cial decision. It is the policy of the revenue laws to make certain acts subject to forfeiture

and penalties. It adopts this course, in'order to

relieve the government from the onus of proving, that those, acts were coupled with a crimir~al in-
tent; and to oblige the party suffering to prove the innocence of his mim, by such evidence as
would satisfy the proper officer of the government itself. Ih analogy to the jurisdiction of a
Court of equity to take cognisarme of a judg-
ment at law, and relieve against it on principles
which the" Courts of law could not have taken into consideration, the Secretary of tfie Treasury

is empowered lo administer equitable relief, on principles which -the revenue Courts could not

apply; but which go to the entire *destruction of. all guilt, and ought, therefore, to go to the enitire
remission of all punishment. The preliminary proceedings are all judicial, by petition to the District Judge. and by examinations before him

V'OL. X.

34

'266

(66.k IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. and, like an analogous suit in equity, all parties United aStates interested are brought before the Court to assert
V. their rights, and contest the justice of the applica-
Morris. tion. The officers of the customs, having notice,
and the liberty of contesting the matter, are parties to the suit or application, and can no more complain that they are deprived of vested rights, than they could where a Court of equity decreed a perpetual injunction on a judgment at law.
The statute, having thus provided for making all persons interested parties to the suit, uses the most general language possible to cover the entire remission of the forfeiture. The prayer of the petition extends to the remission of the whole, and the power given to the Secretary is to remit "such fines," &c. The proviso in the d section shows the extent to which it was intended .to protect vested interests, or to consider them as vested, viz. where a prosecution had been commenced, or information given, before the passing of the act. Every information, seizure, or prosecution, subsequent.to the passing of the act, was followed up, sibject to the provisions of that act. It formed a limitation upon the extent of ve.sting the interests of the prosecutors, or, to use the expression of one of the counsel, in Jones v. Shore,. "it is a condition originally attached by the law," and attached, whether the interest became originally vested by the seizure, the condemnation, or the recovery. and receipt of the money.

z I 17ihent Rep. 467

OF THE UNITED STATES.

2671

To what extent is the vesting? It is decided 1825.
in Van Ness v. Buel,a that the Collector acquires Uniteed States an inchoate right by the seizure, which, by the v. subsequent decree of condemnation, gives him Morris. an absolute vested title to his share in the forfeiture; and it *is also determined, in Jones v. iSthore," that the right to share in the forfeitures and penalties is given to the Collector who made the seizure, and not to him in office on the re-
ceipt of the money. These adjudications were as between officers' themselves, and not between an officer and the owner of the thing seized. But they establish the principle, that the right made. absolute by condemnation was- that, and only that, which had become inchoate by seizure. That inchoate right was, under the statute, subject to be destroyed by remission according to its provisions, and therefore that made absolute must be subject to the same provisions.
But the vesting' of the right, as laid down -iii the*case of the Afargaretta,edoes not take place before a final judgment or sentence; and the same epoch is assigned in the case of the Elsebe,' for the vesting of prize interests in cases of captur'e. Now, prize Courts can take notice of all
equitable co nsiderations, but a revenue Court cannot. Notwithstanding condemnation, then, it remains to be inquired,- whether there was any
criminal intent. If innocence. be allged, and the proper proceedings founded on it be insti-

a 4 Wheat. Rep. 74. c 2 Gallis.Rep. 522.

b 1 Wheat. Rep. 467. d 5 Rob. Rep. 155. .4m. ed.

"68

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. tuted, until those proceedings are decided upon,
U.nit ed SStatesIthere is no final adjudication, within the spirii V. and meaning of the act.
Morris. Another consideration shows that the remis-
sion must operate to extinguish the rights of the officers of the customs.. They puld maintain no action for the forfeiture as in their own names, The forfeiting party has nothing to do with them : ho forfeits only to the United States, and it is only as between the United States and the officers, that the latter have any claim. In this respect there is a material difference between our act .and the British revenue laws. Bxthe British statute, one half is forfeited to the use .of the crown, and the other to the use of the informer. tn the IExchequer, the form of proceeding~to adjudge a moiety of fhe forfeiture to the seizors, or informer, by the sentence itself. and it becomes a vested right in them, by relation back to the filing the information." But in this country, the utmost that can be said is, that the United States are, pro tanto, trustees for them; but as to the forfeiting party, the government is the only legal actor. There must be a right of releasing some where. A release by the officers of the customs wbuld nut prevent the United States from recovering the whole penalty. Thus, in debt on a. single- bond made to A., to the use of him and 1., the defendant pleaded a release made to him by B.:; on which the plaintiff demurred; and without difficulty, it was ad-

a Weddel v. Thirlow. Parker. 280.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

269

judged for the plaintiff: for B. is no party to the 1825. deed, and ther·efore can neither sue nor release UnitedStates it. But it is an equitable trust for him, and suable v. in the Chancery, if A. 'will-not let him have part Aforris. of the money: and the book of Edw. III. cited, that he might release in suc]h case, was denied to be law.a Sifice there. must be a power of releasing somewhere, .and the officers could not do it, the power must reside in the United States, and the remission is such a release.'
Cases have been cited on the. other side, iw which Courts of law hae taken notice of equita-. ble interests, and have permitted them to be pleaded or replied, so as to protect them. All these cases proceed on the ground *offriaud andcollusion, which cannot be charged here. *Asto Bottomley v. Brook, and Rudge v. Birch; they are said by.Mr. Maryatt, in Schooley v. Mears, to have been overruled in the Exchequer, in the case of Lanev. Chandler: and in Wake v. Tinker,.Lord Ellenborough says, " I am much more inclined to restrain than to extend the doctrine *of.these cases," And Bailey, J. says, "we have nothing to do in this case with any other than legal rights." So in Bakerman v. Radenius, Mr.. Erskine (arguendo) states a cage before Lord M~nsfield, where an action was brought in the name of a nominal piaintiff by persons benefi-

a Ofly v. Warde, 1 Lev. 235. S. C. I Keb. 3SS.b Bayley v. Lloyd, 7 Mod. Rep. 25". c Cited in 1 Term Rep. 621, 622.. d 7 East. Rep. 153. e 7 Term Rep. 662.

270

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. cially interested, for whom he was a trustee. At
Gniteed&tates the trial, the defendant produced, a release from V.. the plaintiff, which Lord Mansfield held to be
Morris. conclusive; but said the Court of Chancery,
upon application, would make the trustee pay the principal, the debt, if well founded, and the' costs of suit. And Lawrence, J. cites a ease from Sa.lkeld,° where Lord Holt -said, that if the plaintiff in ejectment, who is considered only -as a ,trustee for the lessor, released the action, he might be committed for a contempt of the Court : " but he did not say the release would not defeat the action." So, in Paine v. Rogers,' where the tenant, .a nominal plaintiff, haying-given a release to the plaintiff, the Court, on application of the landlord, ordered it to be givEn up; clearly, because if used it would defeat the action. And in Legh v' Legh, the obligor of a bond, after notice of its being assigned, took a release from the obligee, and pleaded it to an action brought by the assignee, i.n tihe-name of the obligee. The Court, on motion, set the plera aside, Eyre, C. J. saying, ". the only question is., whether- the assignee must not seek relief in a Court. of equity." Clearly showing, as the whole case does, that the plea could not be replied to at la.w.
But why should .the custom-house officers be ·entitled to maintain this- actiQn in the name of the United States, notwithstanding their release, and having no possible interest in the- esUlt ?

a Anony, Salk: 260.

b Dougl. 407.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

271

Why should they have the benefit of not being 1825. liable to costs for a false action? They are not UnitedStates assignees of the United States,. if that would pro- V. tect them. There can be no assignment of a test. Morris.
The injury by the Marshal's return is directly to themselves, and the United States have barred -themselves from regarding it as an injury to t:hem by the remission. The right to sde in the name of another onl;" existed where the action would not lie in the name of the party actually interested.. But, in every case where the-unlawful act of one person does an injury to another, an action-on the case lies for the injury. Can the Ui;.ted States, who are not injured, sustain"this action ? If they could, is such a right of action assignable ? Here, however, is no actua.l assignment; and it can only be considered as analogous to 'the assignment of a chose in.action. But how can the real plaintiffs entitle themselves to the damages recovered in the name of the United States, without. such assignment?. The law 9rly gives them half the forfeiiure or'proceeds. How, then) .'anthey, notwithstanding the release or remission by the United States, recover, in their name, damageswhich they are not legally entitled to participate in? and do.so for their, own bendfit, -when, if they.have sustained damages, they may sue in their own name?
And this brings us to consider some of the sp!ecial- causes of demurrer. The replication is a departure from the declaration, nlot only by notbringing forward matter pursuant to it; and forti-
:fying it, but by bringing forward matter showing.

272

CASES IN THE SUPREME'COURT

1825. no right of action in the plaintiffs, and showing, " " that if it exists any where, it exists in third per-
'United States
V. sons; and that this matter was known, and might Morri. be made available, before action brought. De-
parture is defined to be, " when the second plea containeth matter not pursuant t6 his f6rmer, and which fortifieth not the same, and,therefore, it is called decessus, beca,se he departeth from his former plea."" Thus, where the defendant pleads in bar a lease for fifty years made by a corporation ; plaintiff replies, that it was made while a former lease was in existence, and shows the statute 21 H-en.. VIII., and that the lease for fifty yeaTh was void ; not setting forth the proviso making such leases good for twenty-one years. Defendant, in his rejoinder, pleads the proviso of the statute 21 Hen. VIII., which makes such leases good for twenty-one years. Held, that this pleading of the proviso was a departure, because it neither goes with, nor enforces the bar before. So, in a przecipequqd reddat,the tenant pleads, that the land was devised to him, and the plaintiff replies, that the devisor was.an, infant ; to this the d~fendant says, that, by the custom, infants may-devise.; and, per Curian, this is a departure, for he ought to have pleaded the special matter first.c So, in Docir. Plac. 124. per Keble, nota, where general matter is pleaded, and where the special matter might have beei

a Co. Litt. '304. a. Doctr. Plac. tit. Departure,(119.) b Fuhnarston v. StuArd, Dyer, 102. b. 1.013a.. u.'Doctr.'Plae.1'23. 37 H. VI. 5.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

,)73

pleaded at the commencemefit, the party, after- 1825.

wards, sh'all not maintain the general mattbr with United States

the special matters.

And if the defendant justi-

VMorris.

fies by distress for rent, and the plaintiff replies,

that he used and sold them, to which the defend-

art rejoins, -that he sold the distress pursuant to

the statute 2 If. 4- Of., it will be a departure ;

for it should have been alleged so at first." De-

fendant, in a plea, justified taking cattle damage

fea.ant, and afterwards rejoined, that they were

taken sufcharging tke common; held to be a do-

partui; *andone of the reasons was, that the'

surcharge might have been pleaded -first, because

the defendant then knew the plaintiff's right.. So,

when a nman, in his former plea, pleadeth an es-

tate made by the common law, in the-second plea,.

regularly, he shall not make it good by an act of

.parliainent." So, when, in his'former plea, lie

ejititeth himself, generally,.by the common law,

in his second plea lie shall not enable'himself

by a custom, but should have pleaded it at first"

As to the third cause of demurrer, the statute

only enables th6 issui~fg of a writ of execution to:

another District; upon' judlgments i, obtained for

the .use of the United States." Tie presdnt

judgmenlt was.obtained in their niame;-but for the

use of other pdrties. It is contended, that if the

judgment was for. the -use of the United States,

the execution nieed not be 'so. But the privilege

& -do,. Dig. Peqde5,(s. 8.)
b Ellis 1. Rowles, W4lkes, 638.
c Co. Litt. 304. a..

VOL. X.

Z5

.74

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. obviously attaches to the execution, and not to

"i ae the judgment.

Unitedl States

t

It was for the benefit of the go-

v. vernment, and was not intended to be communiMorris. cable to citizens in cases where the United States

have no interest. All the rules for construing statutes will bear out this interpretation.a

Mr. Webster, for the plaintiffs, in reply, insisted, that the authority to sue in the name of the United States could not be disputed by the de-
fendant in this Court. The government was here represented by the Attorney General, and if he did not interfere with the suit, it might well be maintained. It was novel doctrine, that an appearance by a wrong attorney was a ground of demurrer. If it had keen intended to take advantage of that objection, a summary application should have been made to the- Court below, by whom the attorney on the record had been appointed to prosecute this suit, the District Attorney having refused to prosecute it. The discretionary power exercised by the Court below in this instance, was essential to the administration
of justice, whenever the District Attorney refuses to act, or is interested, or in case of his death.
But, even if this Court should be of opinion, that the order made in the present case was irregular, it would not, on that account, give judginent against the sufficiency of the plaintiff's re-
plication as pleaded. It would merely direct the pleadings to be -mended by inserting the name

,', Rr,. M.i,, i;.. thtltr. J." r., Pnird. i,

OF THE UNITED ST.\'rE..

275

of the District Attorney in the place of the pre- 1825.
sent attorney on the record. The plaintiff's de- United States claration is admitted to be good, and it is unne- V. cessary to consider the replication, since the plea Morris. contains the first fault (if any) in the pleadings.. It cannot be pretended that it is a good plea, because the plaintiff has declared by 6 wrong attorney. If this judgment be affirmed, it is a perpetual bar as against the United States, and all others interested. While the cause is allowed to stand on the calendar, the rights of the parties, as stated in the pleadings, must alone be regarded. .But the officers of the customs have a right to use the name of the United States. *The cases cited in the opening sufficiently show it. Wherever the subject has an interest in a. prosecution in which the king's naine is necessary as a-formal party, the subject has a legal right' to use-it. All cases of information, not ex officio, are of.this sort, such as those by the Master of the-Crown Office, in quo warranto, of intrusion to office, &c. The prerogative of the supreme magistrate is held, not for purposes of ostentation, .but for- the substantial benefit of society,' and, its aid may be invoked as often as necessity
requires it.
The plea is bad, because the Marshal, who is a mere ministerial officer, was not a ctmpetent judge of the validity or effect of the. remission. He :is the officer of the Court, and not of the treasury., He is to collect the money, and bring it into Court. When it is received in the registry., disfributiofi is to be made' of it aecor~ling to

CASES 1NTTlE SUPREME COURT
1823. law ; or if' the forfeiture has been remitted, the "kU.nititeeddStatattees conditions of the remission are to be complied
v. with under the directions of' the Court. If the M'orris. Marshal had levied the money upon the execu-
lion, and no remission had been obtained, be could only be compelled to pay it over by a motion to compel him to return the process. If the remission had been unconditional, and could devest the share of the custom-house officers, he had nothing to do with carlying it into effect. It isby the Court only that the rights of the parties are to. be ascertained,. and their respective claims to be satisfied.
.The plea' is also bad, because it does not set forth, with prope" averments, thefacts and circumstances stated in the petition to the Secretary of the Treasury, upon which the remission of the .forfeiture was granted. It is an inflexible rule of pleading, that whenever a justification is set.up under a special or limited authority, every thing should be set forth to show the case to b6 within the protection of the authority xelied on. The statement of facts on which the remission was grounded, is -essential to be known, in. order. to see whether the Secretary of the Treasury, who also acts merely as a ministerial officer, has pursued his authority. It has, indeed, been argued, that the Secretary acts judicially in those cases, and that his decision is an adjudication binding on all the world, and.especially on the officers of the customs, who are both parties and privies. But, how, can that be a judicial power, which is merely of executive discretion? The

OF THE UNITED STATES.

277

Secretary may remit under the statute, whenever 1825. it is proved to his satisfaction that the offenqeUnitedStates was committed " without wilful hiegligence, or v. an intention of fraud ;" but he is not boicnd to Morris. re'mit even in-.ase of innocence ever so clearly -proved. 'All-jhidicial" pow4er, under the constitution, is vested in'one Supreme Court, and such "ihferior tribunals as -Congress shall establish. 11ow, fhen, can any portion of that power be vest-
ed in the treasu'ry department, or in any other 'executive department ?
The plea is bad, because it alleges the 'remission after a final sentence of condemnation, and a summary judgmenit upon the appraisement
boncL The Remission Act of Congress was evidently copied from the British statute of the 27th Geo. III. c-. 27.; and under that statute the Commissioners of the Customs have never exercised the power of remitting a forfeiture after judgment.!. This defect of authority haying been found, in some xespects, inconvenient, the power of remitting.after judgment was expressly given (not to the Commissioners -of the Cpstoms, but to a highet authority,) the Lords of the Treasury, by the 54th of Geo. III, c. 171. When it is said, .that the, rights of the custom-house officers. are
vested from the time of the judgment or sentence, it is not meant that they are. vested independent of the act of Congress, but under the act, -and according to-the act. If thelhwauthdrizes a remission after judgment, ft is idle to speak of

a Citty'4 Crim. Law, 798.

'278

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. rights being vested by the judgment. The quesU Untiteed.tSetates tion is, what does the act mean ? And it is con-
V. tended, that it limits the power to cases before Morris. condemnation. Every clause and phrase of the

act is applicable, and alone applicable, to such cases. The persons entitled to the benefit of the act, are those who "ishall have incurred,any
fine, forfeiture, or disability, or shall have been interested in any vessel, goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall have been subject to any seizure,foifciture, or disability," &c. This can-
not refer to things already forfeited. Goods forfeited and condemned, are not subject to forfeiture ; they ai'e actually forfeited. So, the words, "incurred any forfeiture." No man incurs a
forfeiture by a judgment against him. It is the offence by which the forfeiture is incurred. So, also, the summary inquiry which is to be made by the District Judge, into the facts and circumstarices of the case, shows, that the law supposes that no trial had yet been had. It would be an absurd provision, upon any other supposition. The act
authorizes the Secretary to direct the prosecution, if any shall have been instituted, for the recovery of the forfeiture, to cease, and be discontinued. It supposes a prosecution either pending, or not yet-brought. The prosecution cannot
be said to be pending, in a general sense, after judgment. There is not a single expression in the act applicable to a judgmeit. But here are two successive judgments, one against the goods, and the other against the claimants, upon the appraisement bond. How-cai the remission dis-

OF I'HE LN1TED SrTrEs.

9-79

charge this s(-cond judgment - Why was not tI~e remission shown when the application was made for that judgment, so as to prevent its being entered? There is nothing in the act to authorize the remission of a judgment. The subjects to be remitted are, " fines, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities." Besides, the phraseology applicable to judgments would be, released, or vacated ; not remitted or mitigated, There must be some limit in point of time, and in the order of the proceedings,. to the exercise of this power of remission. If the rights of- all parties are not fixed and ascertained by the judgment, it will be difficult to discover when they are consummated. The receipt of the money by the officers may change. the possession, but it cannot alter the right. That idea .is expressly rejected by the Court in Jones v. Shore.,
The argument on the other side, that there must be a power of releasing somewhere, and since the Custom House officers cannot do it' the power must reside in the United States, and may, therefore, be exercised by the Secretary of the Treasury, is founded upon an entire misapprehension of the distinct powers of the different
branches of the government. There is no authority given by law to any department or officer of the .executive government to release a debt due by judgment. The Secretary of the Treasury may remit a forfeiturie -or penalty before judgment, or may discharge the debtor a-s to his

1825.
. ntdStates
v.
Morris.

,a I 7 heat. Rep. 470.

280
1825.
te S
- V.
Morris.

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
person, but nothing short of the legislative power
of Congress, specially exercised, can discharge the debt. The usual course of the Treasury has been, to refuse to remit after judgment, and to
refer to the President for the exercise of the pardoning power. It may well be doubted, whether that power extends, unde'r the constitution, to cases arising under the revenue laws. But the practice shows the .sense entertained by the Treasury of the limitation to its authority. Whether the President's pardoning power extends to such cases or not, there is a close analogy be: tween a pardon and a remission; and there is no more reason why one should affect private rights and interests actually vested more than the other. Both suppose legal guilt, and some consideration which makes it consisterit with the publiic good that it should be forgiven. A pardon, as well as a remission, often suppos.es moral in-
nocence. As to the execution running out of the District
of Maine, not only was the judgment " for the use of the United States," but the execution was for their use.) 'If the forfeiture coulM not be remitted after judgment, the whole debt is still
due, and the United States have a direct interest in a moiety of it. If the forfeiture might be remitted, so far &;the share of the United States is concerned, they have still an interest in efiforcing the demand, since it is intended to secure to their officers a part of their legal compensation. But this question cannot ari'se upbn the pleadings. The defendant admits that he.has

OF THE UNITED STATES.

81

executed the process, so far as the remission did 1825. not prohibit it, and he is therefore estopped bybyU UnnitedisStates his plea from insisting that it is a void process., v

Mr. Justice THOMiPSON delivered, the opinion March 15h. of the Court, and after stating the case, pro-

ceeded as follows:

The judgment of this Court being -placed upon, theqructrhee wehxe-e-

the validity of the plea, and the merits of the cu on upon

defence therein set up, it is unnecessary. paroth judiet

cUlarly to

notice

any

other bar.

questions To guard,

that have however,

o
could run

,
into

the

been discussed at

band be exeeu-

against an inference, not intended by the Courtt'seotherInn Dtih--

to be admitted,

that the

execution,

in

this case,tuict of Newof ork

was properly issued from the District Court

Maine to the Marshal of New-York, .it is proper,

to observe, that this must depend on the con-

struction to be given to the act of Congress.of

the 3d of March, 1797, entitled, "' an act to pro-

vide more effectually for the settlement of ac-

counts between the United States and the re-

ceivers of public money." Independent of this

act, it has not, and certainly' cannot be~pretend-

ed, that an execution from the District Court of

Maine could run into any other State. The sixth

section of that act declares, ' that all writs of ex-

ecution upon any judgments obtained for the use

of the United States, .in .any of the Courts of the

United States, in one State, may run aid be ex-

ecuted in any other State, but shall be issued

from, and made returnable to, the Court where

the judgment -was obained. The. pleadings in

this case show conclisively, that although the

'VTn. X

SG

282
1825. ,
I. MOS

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
judgment is nominally in favour of the United States, yet it is substantially and beneficially for the use of the custom-house officers of Tortland; And that the execution was issued solely mic exclusively for their benefit, and not for the use of the United States. If it was necessary to decide this point, it might be difficult to maintain, that this case came within th'e true iateni and meaning of the act; but as the decision of the cause is put uqpon a-point more extensive in its practical application, this is- passed by without the expression of any opinion upon it. Nor is it deemed necessary to notice any objections taken to the replication. The argument has been confined principally to the plea, as being the first error on the record.
The plaintiff having replied, without taking any exceptions to thd plea, he cann6t now.,avail himself of any defect, that would not have been fetal on a general. demurrer.
The objections to the plea-may be considered under the following heads :
1. That it does not set forth, with proper ayerments, the facts and circumstaqces stated in the petition to the -Secretary -of the' Treasury, and upon which .the.remission of the forfeiture was
granted. 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury had no
power to remit after condemnation. The -first objection .supposes the'case to fall
withiA the rule, that 'Where- a justification is. set up under, a'special or limited authority, every thing should be set out to show the case'to be

OF THE UNITED -STATES.

M.

within the jurisdiction of the authority whose 1825.

protection is claimed and relied upon.

u\Mted s t

It may be observed, preliminarily, that this V.

objection, coming so late, and at.tfis stage of the Morrit.

cause, is not entitled to much indulgence.. If

Well founded, and it had been made at an earlier

day, .the plea could have been amended, and

much expense and litigation prevented. Evry

reasonable intendment, therefore, in favour of the

plea, -ought now to be made. It by no means follows, that in order to sus-
tain this plea, it is necessary to show that it would have been held good on general demurrer; For it is a rule, founded in good sense, ahd supported by the settled doctrines of pleading, that" many defects are- waived and cured, by pleading over, that might have been fatal on demurrer.
But it is far from being admitted that this plea

To remissetforth in-

would not have stood the test of a general. de-j-stifcato riaurrer. The.defendant was a ministerial officer, ti6 Marand placed in a situation, in which -he was obliged to jidge and- determine, whether to obey the command of the execution, or that bf the warrant of remission from the Secretary of theTreasury. The latter is set out in A&ec verba in the plea, and upon its -face refers to the law under which it was issued, which was a public aci; and in which warrant, the Secretary of the Treasury sets forth, that a statemeni of facts, with the petition of Andrew Ogden, touching the forfeiture, had been tansmitted to.him by the Diatrict Judge of the -Distfict of 'Maine,:pursuant, t6 th" statute of the Unit~d States, entitled. " an

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1825. act to provide for mitigating or remitting the for" feitures, penalties, and disabilities, accruing in
United States
v. certain cases therein mentioned," as by the said Morris. statement of facts, and petitions remaining in
the Tieasury Department of the United States may fully appear; and that he having maturely considered said statement of facts, -it appeared to his satisfaction, that the said forfeitures were incurred, without wilful uegligenco or avy tntention offraud,and thereupon remifted all the right, claim and demand ofthe United States, and6f all otherswhomsoever,upon certain conditions therein specified. This warrant, therefore, upon its face, contained every thing required by the law, and which was necessary to bring the case within the .cognisance of the Secretary of the Treasury; and to.require any thing more from a ministerial officer for his justification, would be imposing upon him great hardship.
This plea, by setting out the warrant at large, adopts and asserts all the facts therein set forth, and must be taken as alleging, that a statement of facts had been made by the proper officer, and transmitted to the Secretary of the Treasuryj and is, therefore, an avetment- of that fact. It is not, to be sure' a -formal, but is a substantial. 'averment; which is nothing more than a positive statement.of facts, in opposition to argument or.
inferen.ce. It would be altogether useless, and mere sur-
plusage, to set forth sich statement of fadts in the plea; they would not be traversable. It is not competent for any other tribunal, collaterally, to call in question the competency of the evi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

85Z

dence, or its sufficiency, to procure the remission. 1825. The Secretary of the Treasury is, by the law, %. Sta% made the exclusive judge ofthese facts, and there V. is no appeal from his decision. The law de- Morem 6lares, that on receiving such statement, he shall have power to mitigate, or remif, such fine, forfeiture, or penalty, or remove such disability, or any part.thereof, if, in his opinion, the same shall have been incurred without wilful negligence, or any intentionof fraud,iWthe person or. persons incurring thesamie. The facts are submitted to the Secretary, for the sole purpos'e of enabling him to form an opinion, whether there was wilful negligence, or 'intentional fraud, in. the trahsac-: tion; and the correctness of his conclusion therefrom no one can question. It is a subject submitted to his sound discretion. It would be a singular issue to present to a jury for -trial, whether the facts contained in such statement were sufficient 'or not to satisfy the Secretary of the Treasury, that there was no wilful negligence, or intentional fraud. If the plea, by setting out the warrant at large, contains, as I have endeavoured to show, an averment, that a statement of facts
had been transmitted to the Secretary by the proper officer, as required by the law, it was all that was necessary. This gave the Secretary cognisance of the case, and which was sufficient to give bii- jurisdiction. But what effect that statement of facts would, or ought to have, upon his opiv-ion, whether the forfeiture was incurred
Ivithout wilful -negligence, or any intention of fraud, is a matter that could not be inquired into.
But, should any doubt remain on this point, it

,86

CASES IN THE $UPREME COURT

1825 _' v.
Moris.

is removed by the admissions in the replication; which begins by saying, that although true it is that-the said William H. Crawford, as such Secretary of the Treasury. of the United States,

did make- and issue the said warrants of remis-

sion, as in the said plea of the said defendant.is

alleged, yet, &c. proceeding to set out facts and

circumstances, to show that the legal effect and

operation of such kemission cannot take away

the moiety of the custom-house officers, but af-

firping its validity as to -the moiety of the Uni-

ted .States, and thereby admitting the authority

' andA.. jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Trea-

sury, -and placing the avoidance of the operation

of the remission- on the rights of the custom-

house officer";on'a totally distinct ground. The

only purpose.for which the statement of facts

upon which the Secretary acted, could be-required

to be set out in the plea, would be .to show his

jurisdiction; and if the replication admits this; i.

must .certainly work a cure, 6r waiver of the de:A:la'dreatfleocntivmeadye-fect. It is laid down by' Chitty, (Chitty on

beaidedbythe.Plad. 547.) and for which he cites adjudged

dbyretthliveel plea, pclaea- and a cases w"hih support him, that,. as a defective

tr.

deelaration may be aided at.common law by the

plea, so a defective plea may be aided, in some cases, by the replication. As if,in debt on bondi
.to make an estate to A., the defendant pleads, that he enfeoffed another to the use of A., (which
is not sufficient, without- showing that A. was a pagy, or had-the deed,) yet, if the plaintif-reply that he-did not enfeoff, this aids the -bar. So-, if tfie defendant pltad an award without sufficient

OF THE UNITED STATES.

"A87

certainty, and the plaintiff makes a replication 18. which imports the award to have been made, i,fUnitedSwes aids the uncertainty of the bar. And this rule is V. not confined t6 matters of form merely, but ex- Morris. tends to matters of substance. Thus, in an action of trespass for taking goods, not stating them to be the property of the plaintiff; this defect will be aided, -ifthe defendant, by his plea, admits the plaintiff's property. So, where several acts are to be performed by the plaintiff, as a
condition precedent, and he does not aver performance of all, if it appear by the plea, that the
act omitted to be stated was, in fact, performed; the defect is cured. (6 Binny, 24. Chitty, 402.) We may, then, conclude, that the plea is not, in. the present stage of the cause, to be
deemed defective on account-of the first exeep-
ion taken to it. And the remaining, and more important inquiry The Secre-
is, whether the Secretary · of" the -Trea. su,r, y. ha. d.pTowreearsutoryrehmist
authority to remit the share of the forfeiture-.aanfyofetiimtuere baet.
claimed 'by the custom-house officers. And this.cofonrdeem'antatiaofnt.er nust depend oi the construction to be given to until the mo the act under which the power wasW~~et~x'e~rtcM iseUdp.. aniedy isaovceturalltyo The authority of the Secretary to retmreitI;a at any for Cdoilslteicbtourtime before condemnation of the property seized, tio. is not denied on the part of the plaintiff; and it cannot be maintained, that Congress has not the power to vest in this officer authority to remit
after condemnation ; and the only inquiry would seem to be, whether this -has been done by the act referred to. (2 L U. S. 585.). The pre-
sent case ought not, perhaps, to be considered

288

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. altogether as a remission after condemnation.
Unted S~tate For, it appears, by the warrant of remission, that V. the statemnut of facts, by the District Judge,
Morris. upon which the remission is founded, bears date
on the 13th of June, 1814, and the condemnation did not take place until May, r817; and although the remission was not -actuallygranted until January, 1819, yet, as the facts on which it was founded were judidialy ascertained three years before the condemnation, there would be some
plausibility in maintaining that the remission should relate back to. the time whpn the application was made to the Secretary. Bit, we think, a broader ground may be taken, and that.the authority to remit is limited only by the payment of
the money. to the Collector for distribution. It may safely 4e affirmed, that the question now
presented, has never received any judioial decision in this Court. Nor has any case been cited at the bar, or recollected, by the Court to have beqn decided here, containing any principle at variance with the construction of the "act now
adopted. In the case of Jones v. Shore's executors,
(1 Wheat. Rep. 462.) no such question was involved. The United States there asserted no claim. Norliad the Secretary of the Treasury exercised any authority under the ac in question.
The nfoney was in Court fordistribution, and the -ole question before this Courtwas, whether the then Collector and Surveyor were the actual incumbents in. office, or -the representatives: of the late Collector and Surveyor, in right of their tes-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

289

tator, and intestate, were entitled to the money, 1825.

and it was decided in favour of the latter. The United States

same principle governed the case of Van Ness V.

v. Buel, (4 Wheat. Rep. 75.) But these cases

decide no more, than that the right of the cus-

tom-house officers to forfeitures, in rem, attaches

on seizure, and to personal penalties on suits

brought; and in each case this right is ascertain-

ed and consummated bythe judgment, as between such officers and the party wh& has incurred the-

forfeiture or penalty. But they decide nothing

with respect to the right, or the control of the

United States, over such penalties and forfeit-

ures. The rights and interests of these officers

must nece~sarily be held subordinate to the au-*

thority of the United States over the subject.

And that such is the light in which they are view-

ed, is evident from what fell from the Court in

the case of Gelston v. Hoyt, (3 .Wheat. Rep. 319;)

It is there sAid, the.seizing officeris the agent of'

the government from the moment of the seizure

up to the termination of the suit. His own will

is bound up in the acis of the government in re-

ference to the suit. By the very'act of seizure,

he agrees to become a party to the suit under the

government; for, in no other manner, can .he

show an authority to make the seizure, or to en-

force the forfeiture. If the government refuse

to adopt his acts, or waive the forfeiture, there is

an end to his claim; he cannot procee d to enforce

that which the government.repudiates.

It is not denied but that the custom-house offi-

cers have an inchoate interest upon the seizure.

VOL. X.

37

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825.
'"'
unfia
V1.

and it is admitted that this may be defeated by a renission at-any time before condemnation. But,
.atesa
if this is not the limitation put upon the authority to remit; by the act giving the power, it is ,difficult to discover-any solid ground upon which
such limitation can be assumed. If the interest of the custom-house officers, before condemna-
tion, is conditional, and subject to the power of remission, the judgment of condemnation can .have no other effect than to fix and determine that interest as against the claimant. Those officers, although they may be considered parties in interest, are not parties on the record; and it cannot with propriety be said they have a vesied right,
in the sense in which the law considers such rights. Their interest still continues conditional, and thq condemnation only ascertains and deter-
mines the fact on which the right is consummated, should no remission take place. This is. evidently the scope and policy of the laws on this subject. The forfeiture i to the United States;
and must be sued fo'r in the name of the 'United States.. (3 L. U. S. 221. s.. 89.) It is jnade the duty of the Collector to prosecute, and heis authorized to receive- the money, and on re. £ pi therebf,.is required to distribute the same according to law. In all this, however, he acts as the.agent of the government, and subject td tie authority. Of the Secretary of the Treasury, whb may direct the prosecution to cease. And the act creating the right of the custom-house
oftriers to a pottion of the forfeiture, does. not

OF TAE UNr£ED STATES.

vest any absolute right'in them until the money 1825.

is received. (s. 91.) It declares, that all finesU

s

penalties, and forfeitures, recovered by virtue of v. this act, shall, after deducting all proper costs br1L

and charges, be paid, one moiety into the trea-

sury, and the other moiety divided -between the

Collector, Naval Officer, and Surveyor. No part

of the act warrants the conclusion, that the right

of these officers becomes absolute by the eon--

demnation. But, on the contrary; the plain and

obvious interpretation is, that the right does. not

become fixed until the.receipt of the money by

the Collector. Unless, therefore; the act under

which -the remission is allowed (2 L. U. ,S. 585.)

limits -the authoiiy of the Secretary of the Trea-

sury to the time of condemnation, the custom-

house officers have no right to question the re-

missi6n. That the act does not, in terms, so

limit the power, is very certain; nor is such a con-

struction warranted by the general object aind

policy of the law, whicho i"intended t6 provide

equitable relief.where the forfeiture has been in-

curred Without wilful negligence or. mteiationAl

fraud. It presupposes, that the offence has beev

committed, and the forfeiture attached accord-

ing to the. letter of the law, and affords relief for

inadvertencies, and unintentional- error. And

why should, such relief be foreclosed 1y the con-

demnation ?- The law was made for .the benefit

of those who had innoeently incurred the penalty,

and"not foi the benefit of the custom-house offi-

cers. If any prosecution has. been instituted,

the Secretary has authority to direct it to cease

292

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. and be discontinued, upon such terms or condi-

UUntiitoendsStates

as he Inay deem reagonable and just. This

IV. enables him to do ample justice to the customMorris. house officers, not only by reimbursing all costs

and expenses incur-ed, but rewarding them for their vigilance, and encouraging them in the ac-
tive and diligent discharge of their duty in the execution of the revenue laws. But, to consider their right to a moiety of the forfeiture as absolute, and beyond the reach of the law, after condemnation, would be subjecting the innocent to great and inequitable losses, contrary to the manifest spirit and intention of the law.. The Secretary is authorized to direct the prosecution to cease and be discontinued. This, undoubtedly, gives him a control over the execution. The suit, or prosecution, does not end with the judgment, but -embraces the execution, and it has so been considered by this Court at the present term. And that such is the sense in which the term prosecution is used in these laws, is evi-
dent from the 89th section of the Collection Act, where the Collector is required to cause suits to be-commenced and prosecuted to effect. But the
prosecution would be to Very little effect, unless it extended to and included the execution. The provision in the third section of the act under which the remission is allowed, affords -a very strong inference, thfit the rights of -the customhoWse officers are conditional, and subordinate to the authority-to remit. It deelares, that nothing. herein contained shall be construed to affect the right or claim of any person, to- that part of any

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'20

fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to which he may be 1825-. entitled, when a prosecution has beeni corn- Unied Sta6 menced, or ipformation has been given, before the V. passing of this act, or any other act relative to Morris. the.mitigation or remission of such fines, penalties; or forfeitures; thereby clearly showing, that before such power to remit was given, the right of the custom-house officers attached upon the commencement of the prosecution, and could not be devested; but that such right was now
modified, and made conditional. This provision is contained in the first law which passed in the
year 1790, (2 L. U. S. 103.) giving authority'to
the Secretary .of the Treasury to remit penalties and forfeiures. This act 'was temporary, but continued from time to time until the 8th of May, 1795, when it expired, and was not revived until March, 1797, leaving a peiod of two years, when the. power to remit was not vested in the Secretary of the treasury, and to which period the provision in the third section of the act of 1797
probably refers.
The powers of the Secretary of the Treasury have been supposed analogous to those of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, under the statute 27 Geo. III. c. 32. s. 15. But it is very obvious, on reference to that statute, that the authority of the Commissioners to remit, was limited to the condemnation. These powers were afterwards, by statute 51 Geo. IL c. 96. extended, but still limited to remissions before condemnation. It was probably not deemed advisable to confer more enlarged powers

294

CASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1825. upon the Commissioners of Customs, but that a

United Stapteoswer

somewhere to remit after judgment of

V. condemnation was proper and necessary; and, Harris. accordingly, by statute 54 Geo. III. c. 171. this

power is transferred to the Commissioners of.the Treasury. The two former acts are recited, and the recital then proceeds thus: "Whereas it is expedient, that the provisions of -the said acts should be further extended, and that the Commissioners of his Majest3's Treasury should be empowered to restore, remit, or mitigate any forfeiture, or penalty, incurred under any laws relating to the revenue, or customs, or excise, or navigation, or trade, either before or after the same shall have been adjudged ia any Court of law, or by or before any C6mmissioner of Excise; or Justice of the Peace ;" and it is then enacted, that the Commissioners of the Treasury may order any goods seized as forfeited, to be restored, on the terms and conditions mentioned in the order, and may mitigate or remit any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred under the reve-
nue laws, and upon. such terms and conditions, as to costs, or otherwise, as under the circumstances of the case shall appear reasonable. The. en*acting clause in this statute is general, like our act. It does not, in terms, give the power to the Commissioners of the Treasury to remit after condemiation,, and yet thero can be, no doub.t- the power extends to such cases; and, if this be so, what becomes ofthe rights ofinformers, which have ben supposed to become, by the judgment of con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'295

demnation, so vested, as not to be devested"even 1825.

by a pardon.

unitedState

The powers given by this statute to the Com V.

missioners of the Treasury, are very analogous IfTrri,.

to those given by our act to the Secretary of the

Treasury, and the phraseology employed to con-

fer such powers is aearly the same in both.

Neither the one ror tnle other, in terms, extends

the power to-remission after condemnation; and

there can be. no reason why the same construe-

fjon should not be given to both.' No vested'

rights of informers, or custom-house officers, are

violated in eithercase. These rights are condi-

tionial, And subordinate to the.power of remission,

and ta be provided for in the terms and condi-

tions upon which the remission is granted.

The practical construction given at the Trea-

sury department to our aet, has not been parti-

cularly inquired into. It is understood, however,

that until within a few years, rem'hissions were

granted as well after as before. condemnation,

but that latterly this power is not exercised after

nondemnatibn, nor will the remission be .granted

before condemnation, unless the petitioner will

admit the forfeiture has been incurred. This

practice is. probably founded- on the impression,

that the equitable powers of the Secretary ought

not to. be interposed, until the legal guilt .of

the petitioner is ascertained. But the rights of-

the custom-house officers would seem to be as

much affected under such a practice, as to remit

after cofidemnation. Those rights are said to be

inchoate by the seizuie, and'to be consummated

296

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. by the condemnation. The confession of the
UUnitned"SSta'tte"Fforfeiture before condemnation, remaining on the V. record of the Treasury department, although not a judicial condemnation, might well be said tb consummate the rights of the custom-house officers, if they are to be considered as becoming absolute when the forfeiture is ascertained. The condemnation does no more than to determine that question, so Par as respects the rights of those officers; for the condemnation is not to them, but to the United. States; they are no parties to the judgment; and their rights must depend upon, and be governed and controlled by, the acts of Congress, which create and regulate such rights; and by these acts, those rights, in the opinion of the Court, do not become fixed and absolute by the condemnation, btit are subject to the power of remission by the Secretary of the Treasury, until the money arising from the forfeiture is. received by the Collector for distribution. The warrant of remission, therefore, in this case, when served upon the Marshal, operated as a supersedeas to the execution, and justified a discharge and restoration of the property levied upon, and exonerates him from all claim to :damages by the custom-house officers.

Mr. Justice JOHNSON. I *entirely'concur 'vith my brethren in ,the opinion, that the power of the Secretary to remit extends as well to cases after as before judgment rendered. The question is one which I have had to consider repeatedly in my circuit, and which I so decided more than

OF THE UNITED STATES.

.2.97

twelve years ago. "rhe reasons on which I then 1825.

founded, and still adhere to this opinion, were unitedStates

briefly these :V. I consider the contrary doctrine as neither
consistent with the words nor the spirit of the

Morris.

act of 1797. The unavoidable consequence of it would be, that the suitor for grace is. hut out of every legal defence; and it would be difficult to

assign a reason why justice should be refused by

the hand that tenders mercy. Many defences are

not only consistent with the claim for remission,

but furnish in themselves the best ground for extending the benefit of the act to the party defendant. He who supposes his case not to

come within the construction of a law, or that

the law is repealed, expired, or unconstitutional,

cannot be visited with moral offence, either in the act charged or the defence of it. Yet, how

is the question of right ever to be decided, unless he is permitted to try the question before a Court

of law ? In such a caso, pertinacious adherence, to his offence cannot be imputed to him, since resisting the suit on the one hand, while he sues

for remission on the other, amount to no more than this,-that he denies having violated the law ; but if the Court thinks otherwise; lie then peti-

tions for grace,-on the ground of unaffected mistake; a point on which, of'course, he must satis-

fy the Secretary, before he can obtain a remis-

sion.

If the question be tested by the letter of the

law, it .vill be found, I think, to lead to the same

conelusion. The words are, " whenever any

VOL. X.

38

298

CASES IN THE SUPRtEME COURT

1825.
e S
V. Morri.

person, who shall have incurred any fine, penalty,
forfeiture, or disability, or shall have been interested in any vessel, goods, wares, or merchandise, which shall have been subject to any sei-

zure, forfeiture, or disability, by force of any present or future law of the United States, for laying or collecting any duties or taxes, or by force .of any present or futrre act concerning the registering and recording-of ships or vessels, &c. shall prefer his petition to the Judge of the District in which such fine, penalty, forfeiture, or disability, shall, have accrued, truly and particularly setting forth," &c. then, &c. the power of remission may be exercised by the Secretary, and the prosecution if any, ordered to be staid.
On perusing this act, it must be conceded, that the terms are sufficiently general to extend the
powers of the Secretary, without limit, to the cases of fine, forleiture, or disability, occurring under the several laws specified. The limitation, therefore, nmst be sought for either in some principle of construction, or in some principle aliunde, which is competent to impose'such limitation.
But, with a view to construction,, there will be found several considerations calculated to extend the power granted to cases wherein judgimbnts have been obtained, rather than to restrain it tO any pre-existing state of things. If the question be tested by the technical "significttiQn of the terms, in strictness the power would be confined to cases in which judgment had been obtained, rathor-titn to those of a contrary' description.

OF THE UNITED bTAL'I:.

9

Fines, penalties, and disabilitids, are notincur- 1825. red, and do not accrue, in thc technical sense OfUnited State! the terms, until judgment. With regard to disa- V. bilities particularly, (and there is no discrimination made between the cases,) I would notice that disqualification to' hold any office under the United States, which 1s imposed upon a smuggler for seven years. Who can question that it must be counted from the day of judgment, and not from the day of the offence or infor:mation ? Or-who can suppose that it could be made a plea to the authority of a public officer at any
time before conviction? But, with regard to fines and forfeitures, also,
there are various provisions of the United States lawjs, which'look positively to a trial as necessary to det6rmining whether such fines and forfeitures have been incurred. I would notice "particularly the 29th section of the Collection Law of 1799, under which, incurring the penalty for the offence there stated, is made* to depend upon tle master's not being able to satisfy the Court, by his own oath, or other sufficient testimony, of certain facts, which, in the given case, prevent his incur-
ring the fine. "Po, alsQ, of the 67th section -of: tlfe same law,
in which a forfeiture is made to accrue upon a state of facts which positively requires tlhe intervention of a Court of justice, and which, of consequence, cannot be said to have been incurred
or accrued until j.dgment. But bther consideiations present themselves
upon this law, which lead to the same conclusion.

,l0tu

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. The words are, " shall prefer his petition to the

Uilteed StaJutedsge

of the District in which such fine, penalty,

V. forfeiture, or disability, shall have accrued." That Morris. this word accrued meant something more than

the terr incurred, used in the previous part of the section, is obvious from this consideration'.
that an offence might be co amitted in one District, and the offender prosecuted in another; but
it never was imagined, that the suit for remission could be going on in the District where the'.penalty was incurred, in one sense of the term, and the prosecution in another. The term accrued; therefore, has been universally held to be here used with relation to the seizure, information, or
suit for the penalty; and so far from its being held to have any effect in confining the time of prosecuting this claim for remission to the ihterval between information and judgment, that,
practically, we know, in some of the most commercial Districts, the construction adopted was, that the .penalty did not accrue until conviction ;
and, hence, suffering a decree or judgment to pass, was considered as essential to making up the ease in which the suit for remission might be preferred. And there was some- reason for this
practice, since the necessary meaning of the term, as distinguished from the word incurred,
shows; that there could hardly ever occur a case in which the suit for remission was not preceded by the suit for the penalty. But, if the -defendant was compelled to confess that he had violated the law, and so the act requires, what reason
could exist why judgment should not forthwith

OF THE UNITED STATES.

pass against him ? And if, under such circum- 1825.

stances,

the

judgment was
ZD

a

bar to

the

remission,

.1 United States

the boon held out to them was all a fallacy; nay, v. more, it was a lure to ensnare him; for the law Morris.

imposes no obligation on the Judge to stay pro-

ceedings ; and whetherlie would or not, rested

with him, or with the District Attorney, until the

Secretary should have time to act upon the ap-

plicaiion for remission.

The replication, however, exhibits the true ground on which the real plaintiff in this suit is

compelled to rest his case: which is, that by

virtue of the .judgment, certain rights were vested in him, over which the remitting power of the

Secretary does not extend. In making up this

replication, the party ought to have felt the real

difficulties of his case. It is generally true, that

the rules of pleading furnish the best test of a right of action. The effect, in this case, Was to

introduce a new personage into the cause; and if

I were disposed to get rid of the question, on a

technical ground, I should find no difficulty in

coming to the conclusion, that there is a departure in this plea, and he has abated his writ.

How, in fact, the name of the United States

comes at all to be used in this cauise, is to me a

mystery; The very policy of the law in this part of its revenue system is avoided by it, and

would be frustrated, if the practice could be

countenanced.- That the name of the United

States should be used against its will, and an at-

torney for the United States nominated by a

Judge, to act where the attorney of the United

302

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. States refuses to act, and that without any UnnitieedStataetes authority by statute, I acknowledge has excited
V. Pny surprise. Morris. The principles asserted are, that an absolute
interest is vested by law in the Collector; that the United States are the trusteeg to their use; that the act of the trustee shall not defeat the interests of the cestui que use, and that be- shall have the use of the trustee's name to vindicate his rights, that too in an action for damages.
The whole of this thing appears to me to be wrong. If the right was an .absolute, substantive, individual right, why was not the suit brought in the name of the Collector? 'If his interest is only an equitable interest, by what known rules of pleading dan he avail himself of his, mere equitable interest in a suit at law? or rather, -can he make his appearance as party in the suit instituted by his trustee ? ard that too, a suit for damages ? It all results in a strong attempt to modify the operation of our laws, and to regulate the rights and powers of -our officers, by some fancied analogy With the British laws of trade, and British revenue officers.
Our system is a peculiar system; and nothing. is clearer to my mind, than that, in many particulars, it is constructed with a view to avoid that very analogy which is here set up, and those consequences and embarrassments which might grow out of it. In the instance before us, relief was to be provided for a case of misfortune and of innocence, and nothing could have been more absurd, than to suffer the vested rights of informers

OF THE UNITED STATES.

303

and seizing officers to embarras the government 1825. in its benevolent and just .v.iews. tow..ards the ob-· U U niiteed¢Sateates jects of this law. Mercy and justice could only v. have been administered by hklves, if Collectors Morris.
could have hurried causes to judglnent, and then clung to the one half oT the fortleiture, in .contempt ofthe cries of distress, or the mandates of the Secretary. Hencre, according to our system,
all the suits to be instituted under the laws over which the Secretary's power extends, are commenced in -the name of the United States. No
other party is permitted to sue ; they are all made national- prosecutions; all the legal ac.tors are those who are bound in obedience to the government that prosecutes. Nothing is more untenable than the idea' that at any one stage of the prosecution, the government assumes the character of a trustee ; an idea so abhorrent to the principles of the "common law, *thatto make the king a trustee, was to. make hbim absolute proprietor. Nor is it until the character of prosecutor for offences against itself is put off, that the law raises a state of things, in which the relation of trustee and .cestui que use actually can arise. This is
when the money is paid into the hands of -the Collector. To him the law directs that it shall be paid; in order that it may be distributed. What right, I would ask, would any one 6f the dis-
tributees here have to move the Court, that the.money be paid to him, and not'to the Collector? There are cases in which other persons than a Collector may be entitled -in ihe cap'acity of informers, and it may then be necessary for the

3U4

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1825. Court to decide on individual rights. But in no
UnitedeStates caaese, that I am aware of, arising under the colV. lection law, can the Court be called upon to pay
Morris. the money in any 6ther way than to the Collector,
to be by him distributed; and this distribution I consi'der as a mere boon from the government, which they may justly, and do practically, reserve a sovereign control over, until so paid under their laws. The gift is from them, of a thing perfected to them, and they may modify and withdraw thal
gift, ad libitum. When once paid away, according to legislative will,. their control is at an end.
and the right then, and not till then, becomes vested and absolute, as between them and their officers, whom, to the last, the law regards as absolute donees. That such is the view of the Legislature, and'that in the exercise of that discretion, they still meant to be reasonable and just, and not to exercise an expostfacto power in such case, is all conclusively proved in the third section of this act, as has been very justly insisted on in argument. During two years, this power of the Secretary had remaiied suspended, and with regard to rights accruing during that time, the Legislature declares, that as the modification imposed upon the grant to the informer, or siezing officer,- by virtue of that dispensing power, did not then exist,. their proportions should not afterwards be subjected to it, but the Court may assess their proportions in a summary manner. There cannot be a more explicit declaration of legislative understanding than this clause presents, inasmuch as it tnakes no dis-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

305

crimination between the cases of judgment and 1825.

other cases, but considers the right accruing to United States

them the same before judgment as it is after.

v.

There is one peculiarity in this case, which, in Morri-.

my opinion, precludes the possibility of recovery,

independently of the general principle ; which

is, that this action is brought against the Marshal

for not executing process issuing from another

State. It certainly presents a dilemma from

which I think it impossible for th party plaintiff

to escape. The right to issue such pro-

cess originates 'inthe 6th section of the " act more effectually to provide for the settlement of

accounts between the United States and receivers

of public, money," by the words of which the

power is explicitly confined to the case of executions on judgments obtained for'the use of the

United States.
The real plaintiff.here, then, is reduced to this alternative: Either the judgment was for his use -or it was not.. If not for his use, then he cannot be damnified by the defendant in refusing to execute it. But if for his use, it cannot be for the use of the United States, and then the execution -issued wrongfully, and was rightfully
disobeyed. If it be replied, that tht judgment, in the first place, was obtained for the .use of the United States, it-only brings us back to what I before observed, that so entirely is this trdfe, as to raise no vested right in any one on the solitary ground of. an eventual contingent interest.

'OL. X

Judgment affirmed.
39

