304 1826.
Finley
V.
BankofU.S.

CASES 1N THE SUPREME COURT
[PRACTICE. CHANCERY. MORTGAOE.J

FINLEY, Appellant, against THE PRESIDENT, DIRECTORS, and COMPANY, OF THE BANK OF THE UNITED STATES, Respondents.

Although, in general, all encumbranders must be made parties to a bill of foreclosure, yet where a decree of foreclosure and sale was made and executed, at the suit of a subsequent mortgagee, and with the consent of the mortgagorit not appearing to the Court
that there was any prior'encumbrance, the proceedings will not be set aside upon the application of the mortgagor, in order to let in the prior mortgagee, who ought regularly to have been made a party, unless it be necessary to prevent irremediable mischief. qucere, .Whether such a practice be admissible in any case ? But in such a case, the. prior encumbrancers are not bound by the decree -in a suit to which they are not made parties ; and the purchasers under the sale take subject to the prior liens.

1eb. 24th. This cause was argued by Mr. Bibb for the appellant,a and by Mr. Webster for the respondents.

Feb. 25th. Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.

a He cited the following authorities, to show that all encumbrancers, or persons having an interest existing at the commencement of the suit, must be made parties to a bill of foreclosure, or they will not be bouud by the decree. Haines v. Beach, S Johns. Ch. Rep: 459. 466. Ensworth v. Lambert, 4 Johns. Ch. Rep. 605. AF'Gown v. Gerks, 6 Johns. Rep. 450. and the authorities collected in those cases.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

305

This is a bill in Chancery brought by the Bank 1826. of the United States against James Finley, to Finley obtain a decree for the sale of property mort- v. gaged for the security of a debt due to the bank. BankofU.S.
The mortgage deed was executed on the 28th of September, 1822, and contains a recital of debts due to the bank to the amount of 6,240 dollars, on account of which a note was executed on that day to the bank for that sum, payable sixty days after date. At the November term of the Circuit Court of the United States for the
District of Kentucky, the bill was filed, stating the consent of the mortgagor to an immediate sale of the mortgaged property, although the day of payment was not arrived; and, on the same day, an answer was filed consenting to a decree for the sale. A decree was immediately entered, by consent of parties, directing the Marshal to sell the property. The Court then proceeds to direct the Marshal, after deducting the expenses of sale, his commission, and the costs, to pay to the bank the sum of 6,240 dollars, with interest from the date of the note. The sale was made in pursuance of the decree, and the report thereof was returned to the Court by the Marshal.
At the sueceeding term, William Coleman filed his petition, stating, among other things, that he held a prior mortgage on the same lands, and praying that he might be made a party defendant to the suit. His petition was rejecte, and he prayed an appeal to thisCourt, whidh
V1 oJ,. XI

CASES 1N THE SUPREME COURT

1826. has been dismissed as irregularly granted. After

\

dismissing this petition, the Circuit Court pro-

Finley

v. nounced a decree affirming the sale made by the

afU. S.Marshal, and directing the credit to which Finley

should be entitled for the money paid out of its

proceeds to the bank. This decree also con-

siders the. debt due to the bank as amounting to

6,240 dollars,'with interest from the date of the

note.

The mortgage to Coleman is filed, and appears

to be dated three days anterior to that made -to

the bank. , A suit to obtain a sale of the pre-

mises was instituted in the State Court in March,

1823, 'and was depending when the final decree

was pronounced at the suit of the bank. After

the final decree had been pronounced, Finley filed

a petition, praying that the sale and decree might

be set aside, alleging, among other reasons there-

for, that Coleman, the prior mortgagee, had not

been made a party, althbugh the existence of his

mortgage was known to the bank.

The prayer of the petition was rejected, and

Finley has appealed to this Court. The counsel

for the plaintiff in error insists, that this decree

ought to be reversed, because it was pronounced

in a case in which prQper parties were not be-

fore the Court.

It cannot be doubted that Coleman ought re-

gularly to have been a party defendant, and that

had the existence of his mortgage been known

to the Court, no decree ought -to have been pro-

nounced in the cause until he was introduced

into it. But this fact was kept out of view until

OF THE UNITED STATES.

307

the decree was pronounced, the sale made, the 1826. money paid to the creditor, and the report of his Finley proceedings returned by the Marshal. If the V. manner in which the sale was made, and the BankofU.S. money directed to be paid, be unusual and exceptionable, it was done by consent, and-the error is not imputable to the Court. The only question presented to the Judges bythis petition, was, whether a decree, completely executed by a sale of the property, and payment of the purchase money, should be set aside, and the suit reinstated for the purpose of introducing a party who ought regularly to have b6en an original defendant, but-who was not shown, by any proceed-
ings in the cause, to be concerned in interest until the decree was made and executed. There would certainly be great inconvenience in such a practice; and, if it he admissible in any case, on which the court gives no opinion, it must be where the mischief resulting from a rejection of the petition would be irremediable. This is not shown to be a case of that description. Coleman's mortgage canpot be Wffected by this decree. His rights cannot be extinguished byit. His suit in the State Court will proceed as if this decree had never been pronounced. The purchasers under the decree of the Circuit Court, take the land subject to prior encumbrances, and have, probably, taken this encumbrance into consideration in the. price given for the land. But, be this as it may, they do not complain, or qbject to their purchase, in coirsequence of the aloud hanging over the title. Coleman'srightS can-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUM'f
1826. not be affected; and if Finley has suffered by sellv. Sing his land subject to a lien, it is an injury which he has knowingly brought upon himself.
BankofU.S. This is not, then, a case for such an extraordi-
nary measure as opening a decree made by consent, after it has been carried into execution, on the petition of the party who has given that consent. We do not think the decree is erroneous because the prior mortgagee was not made a defendant, that fact not having appeared to the Court until the ifecree was completely executed.
But, in the disposition of the money produced by the sale, a small mistake appears to have been made. There were some previous debts due from Finley to the bank, amounting to 6,240 dollars, which appear to have been absorbed in the note given for that sum on the 28th of September, 1822, payable sixty days after date, to secure the payment of which the mortgage deed was executed. If this note carried interest from its date, that fact does not appear, and cannot be presumed. The mortgage deed does not purport to secure the payment of such interest. Yet the decree of the Circuit Court subjects the mortgaged property to its payment. This error ought to be corrected, and may yet be corrected in the Circuit Court. It does not affect the sale. In all other respects, the decree is to be affirmed.
DECrEE. - This cause came on -to be argued, &c. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that. there is no error in the decree for the sal-e of the mortgaged premises in the bill

OF THE UNITED STATES.

215

tended, showed a fraudulent intention in the
grantor, in conveying the lot in question to .his son. And the evidence of the father's being indebted to the son, was to meet, and repel, the
presumption of fraud which was attempted to be raised against the deed by reason of such extrinsic circumstances. The evidence which has been admitted to show the. fraud, and that which was'offered to rebut it, related to collateraland independent facts unconnected with the deed, and could not, therefore, in any manner, vary or alter its terms.
The third exception was, accordingly, well taken. The judgment of the Court below must, therefore, be reversed, and'the cause remanded, with directions to issue a venire de novo.

1826.
Littlepage
v..
Fowler.

[LoCAL LAW.J"
LITTLEPAGE against FOWLER and Others.
The following entry is invalid, for want of that certainty and precision which the local laws and decisions require: "January 27 1783. J. C. L. enters 20,000 acres of landon twenty treasury war-, rants, No. 8,859, &c. beginning at the mouth of a cre-ek falling into the mainfork of Licking, on the north side, below some cedar clIfls, and about 55 miles above the Upper Blue Licks, and running from said beginning up the north side of Licking, and bc-anding with the same as far as will amount to ten miles when reduced to a straight line, thence extending from each end of said reduced line, a noetherly coinrse at-ight angles to the same for quantity."

216

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. '
Littlepage V.
Fowler. Feb. 14th. Feb. Zud
Entry.

THIS cause was argued by Mr. Bibb, for the appellant,a and by Mr. Talbot, for the respondent.5
Mr. Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court.
This cause comes up by appeal from the Circuit Court of Kentucky, in which the appellant filed his bill to compel the defendants to convey to him 20,000 acres of land in'right of a prior entry. The defendants, having obtained the prior patent, relied upon their prior legal rights; and, on the hearing below, the bill was dismissed. The entry on which the complainants relied was in these words:
" January 27, 1783. John Cart~r Littlepage enters 20,000 acres of land on twenty treasury warrants, No. 8,859, &c. beginning at the mouth of a creek falling into the main fork of Licking, on the north side below some cedar cliffs, and

a He cited Pannel v. Johnson, 2 Wheat. Rep 211. Hite v. Graham, 2 Bibb. Rep. 143. White v. Wilson, 3 Bibb. Rep. 542. Whitaker v. Hall, 1 Bibb. Rep. 79. Bodley v. Taylor, 5 Cranci's Rep. 224. M'Gee v. Thompson, 1 Bibb. Rep. 132. Marshall v. Currie, 4 Cranch's Rep. 176, 177. Bush v. Todd, 1 Bibb.
Rep.64. Whitaker v. Hale, Id 73. Roberts v. Huff, Hardin's Rep. 382. Taylor v. Kincaid, Id. 82. Bowman v. Alellin, 3 Bibb. Rep, 153.
b He cited Hite v. Graham, 2 Bibb, Rep. 144. M'Kee v. Bodley, 2 Bibb. Rep. 482. Whitaker v. Hale, 1 Bibb. Rep 79. Craig v. Hawkins, 1 Bibb. Rep. 53.. Smith v. Walton, 3 Bibb. Rep. 153. Carland v." Rowland, Id. 127. Webb v. Bedford, 2 Bibb. Rep. 259. Greenup v. Lyne, Id. 37. Mercer v. Irvins, Id. 471. Landrum v. Hite, 1 Marsh. Kentuck. Rep. 419. BartaF
CA houn. 9 Mar.sh. Kentuck. Rep. 16n.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

9 17

about thirty-five miles above the Upper Blue Lick, 1826.

and running from said beginning up the north '" '
Littlepage
side of Licking, and bending with the same, as v. far as will amount to ten miles when reduced to Powler.

a straight line, thence extending from each end

of said reduced line in. a northwardly course at

right angles to the same for quantity."

The

only question

in

the

cause

is, whether this quertio, on
tihevalidity of

entry contains that legal precision which the this entry.

land laws of Kentucky require to make an en-.

try a valid appropriation of the land. For the

defendants, it is contended, that it is vague, and

calculated either to mislead a subsequent loca-

ter, or impose upon him an unreasonable labour

in the effort to identify it.

On this subject, the rule of the law of that a,Getonetrha,lvrlliel-

State, and the rule of reason, is, that the objects dity of entries

called for to designate the land appropriated,

should be specific; and, if not notorious in them-

selves, that they should be so indicated with re-

ferenc3 to those which are notorious, as to ena-

ble a subsequent locater to discover and identify

them by using ordinary diligence.

The locative calls in this cause are, a creek

emptying into the main fork of Licking on the

north side, below---some cedar cliffs. It is not

pretended, that these objects have the attribute

of notoriety, and, in order to lead to their disco-

very, the subsequent locater is referred to the

main branch- of Licking river, and the Upper

Blue Lick, which are notorious, and t6 the posi-

tion and distance of the beginning point of the

entry, with reference to the lick and the river.

218

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. A subsequent locater, then, having this entry

Lttlepage Sin his hand, and proposing to appropriate the ad-

FowFl.er.

Jinacgenptoirnets;idwuuhmen, proceeds to the lick as his startthere,

he knows that the land

lies above him with reference to the river, upon

the river bank, and, in the language of the entry,

"about thirty-five miles above the.Upper Blue

Lick."

cOipnlewhisatthepdriin--. The first question which then occurs to him,

ftoarncteo beccaloleind.-js that which has constituted the principal subputd:? Ject of argument in this cause. Upon what prin-

ciple is the distance here called for to be com-

puted ? For the appellant, it is contended, that

he should pursue the meanders of the river, or

1the most practicable route by land; for the ap-

p'ellee, that he must apply the mathematical prin-

ciple to the entry, and take the shortest line that

can be drawn between the tw9 points; and both

contend, that they are sustained by adjudicated

cases. E.arn:natio,. We have examined those cases, and are satis-
of the cases on
this subject. fled, that neither party is supported in his doc-

trine as a universal principle; but that the

Courts of Kentucky, with that good sense which

uniformly distinguishes their efforts to extricate

themselves from that chaos of rights in which

political relations, and inveterate practice, had

involved them, have left each case to be governed

by its own merits, wherever distance has been

resorted to as the means of identifying a loca-

tive call. And certainly the sense in which the

enterer uses the reference to distance, is the

only general rule that can govern a Court in con-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
struing'an entry. That. sense may be gathered 1826. from his language, or inferred from the habits of Littlepa'ge men, and the state of the country; but, as lie is . v. responsible for the sufficiency of his entry, it Fowler. would be unfair to impose an arbitrary and unusual meaning upon the language of unlettered men, exploring a country covered with thickets. and replete with dangers.
For these reasons, the straight line, as the. ineans of ascertaining a locative call, has certainly been rejected as a general rule. Such was the case in Hite v. Graham et al. (2 Bibb. Rep. 144, 145.) M7'Kfee v. Bodley, (2 Bibb. Rep. 482.) Whitaker v. h1'ale et al. (1 Bibb. Rtep. 79.) As the .nethod of surveying an entry, however, the meanders of a river are always reduced to a straight line, and to this class of cases are all those quoted for the appellee to be refered. (Craig v. Hawkins' Heirs, 1 Bibb. Rep). 53. and many others.) Yet, in the case of 1'ICee v. Bodley, before cited, both the direction and admeasurement of a straight line are resorted to for the purpose of verifying a call lying on the side of a road. And the reason is obvious ; in that case, the shortness of the line, as well as the phraseology of the entry, rendered it admissible that the enterer referred to distance as ascertained by direct measurement.
One general rule is never departed from, to D·cisttdancebyindiawit, that when distance is indicated by a road, it roZ" . shall be held to mean, by the meanders of a road. (Whitaker v. Hale, snpra, and passim.) So, also, where there is no road or trace, the most

20

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. usual route, ifthere be proved such a route to exist, Littlepage seems to be the rule. So it is laid down in Hite
V. v. Graham et al. in which, also, the general rule Fowler. as to the sense in which the language of entries
is to be received, is explicitly declared to.be "according to the popular acceptation at the time when the entry was made." And, although, in the case of White v. Wilson, (3 Bibb. Rep. 542.) a learned Judge is reported to have said, " that there seenis to be a diversity of opinion as to the most natural construction of a locative call in an entry where a given distance, up or down a waterDciifsitt-dancoens swpae-- course, is specified," we cannot but think, that ,eolUIECS. the same rules which govern the cases on the subject of distances by land, have been distinctly and rationally applied to distances called for with reference to water courses.
Distances on the Ohio are invariably measured according to its meanders. (Hite v. Graham, 2 Bibb. Rep. 143. Johnson v. Pannel's Heirs, 2 Wheat. Rep. 207.) Nor is there any thing arbitrary in the rule, nor leading to a result so indefinite as the supposed distinction between great and small water courses. Their navigable character furnishes the rule by identifying them.with highways, and thus the popular acceptation of terms still furnishes the distinction. This is very obvious from the case of Hite v. Graham,in which the Coart say, "As the Ohio is the usual way of passing from one point on it to another, and was, at an early day, the great highway of coming to that part of this country," &c. And, in the same case, speaking of the Little

S)Tk HE UNITED STATE*,2

221

Sandy,,the Court observes, "This call, like that 1826.

for distance

on

the

Ohio, is not

explicit

as

to

"
Litflepage

computing it. But this stream, though like the V.

Ohio navigable, is not like it impassable, except Fowler.

occasionally; and a person, in passing from one

point of it to another, is not necessarily confined

to the winding of the stream. A direct line,

however, would be impracticable to travel and

use, put it out of the question as being a way in

which a call -of this kind would ever be under-

stood by any one-" And thus, in the case of

Bowman,v. Melton, (2 Bibb. Rep. 153.) where

the call was for thirteen or fourteen miles up a

small stream, the Court observed, " It, indeed,

is not probable, that the distance along the mean-

ders of the water course was intended, because,

it is believed, that it never was usual to travel

with the meanders of a small stream to ascertain

the distance of one object from another; nor

is it probable that the distance by a direct line

was intended, because it would extend beyond

the head of the water course. But, it is rather

to be presumed, that reputed distance was

1neant."

Since, then, all the testimony goes to esta-

Hil3ih, that Licking, above the Upper Blue Lick,

is not a navigable stream, at least not so as to

be resorted to as a highway, especially for as-

cending navigation, it follows, that the inquiries

of a subsequent locater, who wished to appro-

priate the residuum adjacent to this entry, or of

the surveyor who had a warrant to survey it,

would be for a creek entering into Licking on the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. north side, at a distance from the lick of about. , thirty-five miles, by some practicable route. The
Littlepage
v. answer to this inquiry, as appears from the eviFowler. dence, would direct him immediate to the fork
of Licking. For Morrow, one of the witnesses, swears, that he could reach that point by travelling in a practicable route about thirty-five or forty miles, (p. 486. of the record) and in a direct line it is ascertained to be about thirty miles. Nor would the call for the cedar cliffs be wanting here, for, it is worthy of remark, that the call is not for a cliff adjodining, or near~to, or in sight of, the mouth of the c reek, but merely. for a cliff at an indefinite distance above the mouth )f the creek. Whereas all the witnesses who are examined to identify the mouth of Foxe's creek, where this entry is claimed to lie, answer under the impression, that the clff is to be immediately above or adjoining th" mouth of the creek. 1xi this particular, there is much reason to believe, that Foxe's creek stands alone on the north side of Licking; but the call is vague and indefinite on this point, since it is answered, -if the creek is below the cliffs at any reasonable distance.
We will now- suppose the locater dissatisfied, or in doubt, with regard to the object thus found, and, returning to the lick, resolved to renew his researches. The idea of fifiding the mouth of Foxe's creek, by following a direct line, is out of the case, since no course is furnished him by the entry, on which to pursue his researches for this object. He must, then, either renew his in-

uF THE UNITED STATES.

!123

quiries for some other creek of the description 1826. called for; or, adopting the meanders of the Littlepage river as his g·uide, pursue his way up its mar- FowVle.r.
gin.
In answer to his inquiries, it -iosbvious, that any creek lying between the north fork of Licking and Foxe's creek, would be recommended to his examination in preference to Foxe's; because the latter must be farther removed from the distance *of thirty-five miles than any one lying above it. If, then, the enterer intended to appropriate his land at the mouth of Foxe's creek, it is obvious, that his call for distance is calculated to mislead, not to direct, a subsequent locater.
But, as there is no evidence in the cause, of any road, trace, or explored route, leading from the lick to the mouth-of any of these creeks, let us suppose the explorer at liberty to take the' course contended for in behalf of the appellant, and to thread his way up the meanders of the river. When he reaches the mouth of Foxe's creek, he finds himself short of-the distance called for by more than one third of the whole, that is to say, by eleven miles. Does the cause afford any ground, or the cases any principle, which will authorize his stopping there ?
The call is for a creek " about thirty-five miles" above the lick. We are not disposed to restrict the appellant to the rigid rule formerly laid down by the Courts, by which the word " about" was rejected, and the entry limited to the number called for. In surveying entries, Ihere is little doubt that this is the rule ; but, in

CASES IN 'IIIE SUPREME COURT
1826. measuring distance , a more liberal rule is laid Littlepage Sdown in the more modern case of Jones v. Plum-
v. mer, of which we are disposed to allow the party iowler. the full benefit. (2 Littel. 162.) It is in these
words, " According to repeated decisions of this Court under the word ' about,' the subsequent adventurer might be required to stop a little short of, or extend the search a little beyond the distance called for."
But, according to the principle of this rule, if he might stop eleven miles short, he may advance eleven miles beyond the distance called for; and two and twenty miles search, or even the half of it, on the margin of such a stream, or any stream, would be too much to require of a subsequent locater.
Had the object called for had any claim to the attribute of notoriety, it might have had some greater claim to indulgence, on the principle of' Taylor v. Kincaid,(Hardin.Rep. 82.) or, had there been proved a known and received computation o'f distance attributed to the object, it might have been considered with reference to the principle in Bowman v. Mellin, (3 Bibb. Rep. 153.)
But there is no evidence of any received estimation of distance from the lick to the mouth of this creek; nor is there the least evidence that it took the naine of Foxe's prior to the entry. On the contrary, and this furnishes another legal objection to this entry, there is evidence, that at that time, and a year before," it bore the name
a John M'Intire's deposition.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

225

of Indian creek, and there is on the record a copy of an entrya made upon it by that name, in the same year, and only seven months junior to the entry of the appellants. Indeed, the time and incident that gave it the name it now bears, are positively proven to be cotemporaneous with the survey.
And, finally, if resort be had to the means of testing the identity of the call admitted in M'Kee
v. Bodley, to wit, course and distance in a right line, we find the test entirely fatal to the call in this instance. The course is not given, and the distance is not one third of that called for. And we farther find, that there are at least two streams on the same river which answer the call, when subjected to this test, infinitely better; to wit, that now called the north fork, but which was formerly known as an undistinguished creek, and Warwick's creek or run, the former near thirtyfive miles, and the latter twenty-seven and a half on a direct line from the lick.
On no prihciple, therefore, can this entry be supported, and the decree below must be affirmed, with costs.

1826.
Littlepage
v. Fowler.

Decree accordingly.

a Shephard's entry.

VOL. XL

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Patterson
v.
Winn;

Circuit Court is erroneous, insomuch as it directs the, said property to be divided among the said children per capitai and not per stirpes, and ought to be REVERSE D; and this Court doth so far

REVERSE the same; and in all things else it is AFFIRMIED. And the cause is remanded to the said Circuit Court, that farther proceedings may be had therein according to law.

[LOCAL LAW.1
DoE, ex dem. PATTERSON, against WINN and Others.
Ifi general, the validity of a patent for lands can only be impeachedfor causes anterior to its being issued, in a Court of equity. But where the grant is absolutely void, as where the State has no title, or the officer has no authority to issue the grant, the validity of the grant may be contested at law.
The laws of Georgia, in the year 1787, did not prohibit the issuing of a patent to any one person for more than 1,000 acres of land. The proviso in the act of Assembly of the 17th of February, 1783, limiting the quantity to that number, is exclusively confined to head-rights.
Feb. 24th. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Berrien and Mr. Wilde, for the plaintiff, and by Mr. White, for the defendant.
Jarch8th. , Mr. Justice THomPso-N delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up from the Circuit Court for

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the District of Georgia. And the question pre- 1826. sented for decision appears by a certificate of di- *P-at*ter-so-n. vision of opinion in that Court, as to the admissi- V. bility of the grant offered in evidence on the pa'rt Winn. of the plaintiff.
The certificate states, that the plaintiff, to maintain his action, offeyed in evidence a patent, purporting to be a grant, in due form of law, from the State of Georgia to one Basil Jones, for seven thousand three hundred acres of land, including the premises in question. And, also, the warrant of survey upon which the said tract of land was laid off and surveyed, and the minutes of the Court which- granted the warrant. The-defe.ndant's counsel objected to the grant's going to the jury, affirming the same to be void in law,-inasmueh as no grant could issue under the laws of the State for so great a number of acres as are comprised in the said grant. On which questiop so made the Court was divided in opinion.
The-broad ground assumed in the objection is, that the patent was absolutely void, and not 'even primafacie evidence of title. The question, as stated, does not distinctly present to the Court the point that was probably intended to be submitted. The objection alleges the patent to be void, because, by the laws of Georgia, no grant
could issue for so great a number of acres as seven thousand threehundred,without stating the limitation as to the number of acres. But, from the argument, it is understood, that the limitation contended for on the part of the defendant.

1826. - t.o Winn.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
is to one thousand acres, and that all, grants fibr a greater quantity are absolutely*void. law'Hotow efanrteirttaisinwiinthqiuniritehse tpernodviinngce toofiamCpeoaucrht oaf

How far the po
validity of patent, is a question

upon

which

conflicting opi-

pnmaatyentboefnidns]-jnions have been held ; particularly in the diffe-

quired into
law.

atrent State

Courts

in

this

country.

By Some, the

patent is considered only primafacie evidence of

titkl, and open to extrinsic evidence to impeach its

validity. By others, that the defect must appear

upon theface of the patent, to authorize a Court

of law to pronounce it invalid ; and that unless

the defect does so appear, the patent is only void-

able, and recourse must be had to a Court of

Chancery to vacate it. By others it has been

considered, that the- powers of a Court of law

were not so broad as laid dowi in the former of

these opinions, nor so limited as in the latter,

but that a Court of law may inquire whether the

patent was issued without authority, or against

the prohibition of a statute, or whether the Sta tq

had title to the land granted. It is unnecessary,
In general, the
validity ofa if not improper, at this time, to enter into an ex-
patent can
only be n-ammination which of these opinions is best found-

,leached foreulsofrath
cesanteri- 'nftiprinciple. For, so far as thequestion ap-

t to its bein

i-

,ssued, in ap les to the present case, ithas been settled by

ctyo.u.Btut wwe'-t.hlis Court in the case of Polk's Lessee v. Wen-

the grant is dell et al. (9 Cranch'sRep.87.) In that part of

absolutely

void, as being the case to
issued without

which

I refer, the

exceptions

under

authority, orconsideration
against thle. ..

w-e-re

for

caus-e-s, no"t

a:pparent on

positive probi- the face of the pp atent; and the pproposion sstaaeted

bitions of sto-

tute, itsvalidi- for decision is, whether in any, and in what cases,

tv may be con-

-std,atlaw. it is allowable, in an action of ejectment, to ira-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

383

peach a grant from the State for causes anterior 1826.

to its being

issued.

It
0

is

said,

that

the

laws

for

Patterson

the sale of public lands provide many guards to V. secure the regularity of grants, to protect the in- Winn.

cipient rights of individuals, and, also, to protect

the State fr'...i imposition. Officers are appoint-

ed to superintend the business, and rules are

framed prescribing their duty. These rules are,

in general, directory, and when all the proceed-

ings are completed by a patent, issued by. the

authority of the State, a compliance with these

rules is presupposed. That every prerequisite

has been performed, is an inference properly de-

ducible, and which every man has a right to

draw, from the existence of the grant itself.

It would be extremely unreasonable to avoid a

grant in any Court for irregularities in the con-

duet of those who are appointed by the govern-

ment to supervise the progressive course of a

-title, from its commencement to its consumma-

tion in a patent. But, in order to guard against

the conclusion that this doctrine would lead to,

closing the door against all inquiry into any mat-

ter whatever beyond the grant for the purpose

of avoiding it, the Court adds, that the great

principls of justice and of law would be violated,

if there did not exist some tribunal to which an

injured party might appeal, and in which the

means by which an elder title was acquired

might be examined, if it had been acquired by

the violation of principles essential to the validity

of a contract; but that a Court of equity is the

more eligible tribunal, in general, for these ques-

384

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. -tions, and they ought to -be excluded from a

:Pattersonu Court of law. But the Court say, there are cases

T. in which a grant is absolutely void, (or inoperaWinn. tive,) as where the State has no title to the thing

granted, or where the ofcer had no authority to

issue the grant. In such cases, the validity of the

grant is necessarily examinable at law.

This doctrine was again recognised and sanc-

tioned by this Court five years afterwards, when

the same cause (5 Wheat. Rep. 293.) was a se-

cond time under consideration; and it is in coin-

cidence with the rule settled in the Supreme

Court of New-York in the case of Jackson v.

Lawton, (10 Johns. Rep. 23.) We may, there-

fore, assume as the settled doctrine of this Court,

that if a patent is absolutely void upon its face,

or the issuing thereof was without authority, or

was prohibited by statute, or the State had no

title, it may be impeached collaterally in a Court

of law, in an action of ejectment. But, in ge-

neral, other objections and defects complained

of must be put in issue, in a regular course of

pleadings, on a direct proceeding to avoid the

patent; and we are not aware of any contrary

rule prevailing in the State Courts of Georgia.

But, so 'far as we have any information on the'

subject, the practice there is in aczordance with

the rule laid down by this Court.

grWanht etihnerthies-, The objection in this case to the admissibility

cast i,,isof the grant in exidence, is, that it was issued

aainst the without the authority of law, ana in violation of

provisions

a o

the ?aws of certain statutes of the State of Georgia, which, Georgia. it is alleged, prohibit the issuing of a grant to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

385

any one person for moire than one thousand acres
of land; and if the statutes referred to will warrant this construction, the objection was well taken, and can be sustained in a Court of law. And this leads to an examination of those sta-

tutes as applicable to the grant in question. The grant bears date on the 24th of May, 1787,
and is for 7,300 acres of land in the county of Franklin, described by metes and bounds, and

refering to a plat of the same thereuntu annexed. No consideration is expressed in the grant, or any designation of the nature of the rights which made up the quantity of land mentioned in the grant, but it is in the common form prescribed by statute. The proceedings of the Court of Franklin county, on the application of Basil Jones, accompany the grant, by which it is ordered that he have 7,300 acres in lieu of part of old war-

rants of John Peter Wagnor-Bounty reserved. This, shows that the aggregate quantity of land

mentioned in the grant was made up. of sundry old warrants, and affords also an inference of Abe existence of a practice of consolidating a

number of warrants in one grant; and there is nothing in the land laws of Georgia prior to the year 1794, at variance with such a practice, The limitation as to quantity will be found to relate-to

warrants for head-rights, and not to grants; and, as warrants were transferable, no objection

existed to their being united in one grant.

The land law of Georgia is comprised under several statutes, passed at different periods, va-

XOL. X-1.

'19

1826.
Ptrson
v.

3836

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. rying and modifying the system occasionally, as

P~attoerson policy required. But all being in pari materia, Y. are to be looked to as one statute, in explaining
The severaltheir meaning and import. Under these laws,

statutes ofthere were various ways'in which persons be-

Georgia orn-

po-siig the land came
law, being ill

entitled

to

rights,

and

could

obtain war-

par vzat-rants for land; such as head-rights, according
r1, are to be
construed asto the number of a family; bounties to soldiers oe statute. and to citizens, and likewise for the encourage-

ment of certain manufactures, &c. And for the purpose of ascertaining and determining whether applicants were entitled to warrants, a land Court was instituted in each county, to receive applications for lands, and grant warrants for surveys to such as should show themselves entitled to land, according'to the provisions of the land laws. A county surveyor was required to be appointed by each county, who was authorized to lay out and survey, to any person who should apply to him, the land for which a warrant had been obtained. And he was required to record, in an office to be kept for that purpose, all surveys by him made, so as to enable those who had any objections to make to the passing of the grant, to enter a caveat, which was to be tried by a jury of twelve men, sworn to try the matter according to law and equity. And under the act of July 17th, 1783, (Prince's Dig. 266. sec. 36.) this was declared to be final and conclusive. An appeal was afterwards given to the Governor and Executive Council, (sec. 56. of the Dig.) who were required, and empowered to proceed to decide such caveats, in man-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ner and form as they should think most condu- 1826. cive to justice; a'nd expressly declaring, that Pattersoni from their decision there should be no appeal. v., And this 'was the existing law at the time the Win. grant in question issued. By a subsequent statute, (Dig. see. 83.) the power of hearing and determining such appeals, and signing grants, was vested in the Governor alone.
To permit an inquiry whether a warrant, obtained under such guards and checks, was authorized by law, would be opening the door to endless litigation, and against-the spirit and policy of the land laws in general, as well as the letter of the statute, which provides for caveats, and which declares the ultimate decision thereon to be final and conclusive. If the validity of the warrants cannot be called in question, the issuing of the grant follows, as matter of course, and cannot oe said 'to be without authority, unless the statute prohibits the issuing of' a grant for more than one thousand acres of land.
The act relied upon ,on the part of the de-r,bitTiohne opuitoabi,t-fendant, as containing such prohibition, -is that Ofed in theac the 17th of February, 1783, (Dig. sec. 32) anOdlt".ting17th3e3, quIiai-rt= is to. be found in the proviso io the first section. thie""grai/ed,,,nto,d, The enacting clause relates entirely to head-any one pp,rights, and declares, that each master or head ofned' to heada family, shall be allowed, as his own head-right, ri 'C" and without any other or further charges than the office and surveying fees, two hundred acres; and shall also be permitted to purchase, at the rates therein specified, a further quantity, according to the number of head-rights in such fahily.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Patsterson
v. Wfinn.

Providedthe quantity of land grantedand sold
to any or person shall not exceed one thousand acres, and that such person do live on and cultivate a part of the said land twelve months, be-
fore he shall be entitled to a grant for the same. The word grantedis said to be used here in
its technical sense, as synonymous with patent, and to imply a general prohibition to issue a grant to any one person for more than one thousand acres. Admitting this to be the sense in which the term is used, the consequence would not follow that is contended for. The term is here used in the proviso; the office of which is. to limit and restrict the operation of the enacting clause. The enacting clause relates entirely to Iiead-rights,and is without limitation as to qtrantitv; that depended on the number of the fhmily. The master or bead of the family is allowed 200 acres as his own head-right, on paying office and surveying fees, and- is permitted to purchase, at the, rate therein mentioned, aiv further quantity, according to the number of head-rights in his family. The proviso, however, limits the quantity to one thousand acres; but the limitation is upon the stibject matter of the enacting clause, to wit, bead-rights. The enacting clause speaks of two modes of acquiring these head-rights. One, a gratuity allowed to the head of the family; the other, apurchase. And the words granted and sold, as used in the proviso, may wAll be construed in reference to these two modes of acquiring land. And the proviso is equivalent to saying, that no one per-

OF TIlE UNITED STATIri.

:389

oii shall be allowed, on his own.head-right, and 1826. on the purchase of head-rights in his family, more Patterson than one thousand acres. But this does not pro- V. hibit him from purchasixig other- warrants, and Winn. including all in one grant when it is issued.
That the word grainted,-as here used, has re-, ference to the warrant or incipient step towards acquiring the title, and not to the consummation of it by grant, is evident both from the subsequent part of the proviso, and from the use of the same word, as synonymous with warrant in other parts of the land laws. By tlhe proviso, the person to whom land is grantedand sold, is required to live on, and cultivate a part of the said land twelve months, before he shall be entitled to agrantfor the same. To give tothe word granted,in the former part of the sentence, the same meaning as to the word grant in the latter part, would involve gross incolsistency.
This constructiofi is corroborated by the enacting clause in the third section of the same act, containing, substantially, a like provision, that every person 3pplying by head-rights as aforesaid, shall, previous to his obtaining agrant for his land, or having it in his power to dispose of the same, (otherwise than by will ) settle and improve a part of such tract or tracts as he may obtain a warrant and survey of, &c.
And, in a subsequent act, passed the 23d of December, 1789, (Dig. s-ec. 85:) the very word granted is us-d as the act of the land Court, whose authority extended only to the issuing of warrants, and not grants. The enacting clause

S90

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. P-atterson
V. win.

gives to three or more Justices of the Peace, in their respective counties, the same powers that had been exercised by four Justices, and an Assistant Justice, under a former act; provided that

the said three or more Justices shall each of them sign all warrants for land by them granted.
Other parts of these land laws might be referred to, to show that this word is not always used in'a technical sense as synonymous with patent. And that it is not so used in the proviso to the
act of 1783, we think is very evident; and throughou't all these laws, so far as we have been able to discover, whenever there is a limitation to
one thousand acres, it is applicable to the warrant, and not to the grant.
It is clearly to be inferred, from various parts of these land laws, that warrants were transferable. Thus, in one of the earliest acts passed'on the subject in the year 1777, (Dig. '261.) it is provided, that all persons who have had lands ordered them, and have not taken out grants for ihe.same, or sold their warrants or rights, or, are either dead, or left the State, such person or persons as have bought such warrants, or rights and
titles, and continued in this State, shall have 'such lands granted them,, agreeably to such order
or warrant so purchased. And, the lrohibition -afterwards in the year 1794, (Dig..280.) to survey or renew transferred warrants, necessarily implies,-that, previous to that time, such traisfers were sanctioned by the land laws ; and, if,so, fiere could be no reason wliy a number of-such

OF THE UNITED STATES.

591

warrants should not be consolidated, and included under one grant, although the aggregate quantity might exceed one thousand acres. There might be very good reason for putting this
limitationupon warrants for head-rights, as the settlement and improvement of the country might be thereby promoted.
That grants for more than one- thousand acres were sanctioned, is evident from the act of the 23d of December, 1789, (exemplification produced,) fixing the fees of the officers of the-State;
by which the Governor is allowed six dollars for signing a grant of land exceeding one thousand acres. So, also, in the act to revise and amend the above act, passed the 18th of December, 1792, (Dig. 173.) the Governor is allowed, on all grants above one thousand acres, at and after the rate of two dollars for every thousand acres therein contained. (Dig. 173.)
Upon the whole, therefore, without pursuing
this examination further, we are satisfied, that, in the year 1787, when the grant in question was issued, the land laws of Georgia. did not prohibit the issuing of a patent to any one person for more than a thousand acres ; and that the grant' offered on the trial is not, therefore, void in law, and should have been admitt6d in evidence.

1826.
Patterson
V. Winn.

CERTIFICATE. This case came on, &c. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, and directs it to be certified to the said Circuit Coirt, that the evidence offered in the Court be-

692

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
STwhehiUc.hS. V.
Amedy.

low by the plaintiff, and to the competency of objection was made, and upon which ques-
tion the- opinions of the Judges of said Court were opposed, was competent evidence, on the

part of the plaintiff, to sustain the issue on his part, &c.

jCONSTRUC'rIoN OF STATUTE. EYVDBNCE.j
The UNITED STATEs against AMED1.
Under the act of the 26th of May, 1790, c. S3. [xi.] copies of the legislative acts of the sexeral States, authenticated by having tile seal of the State affixed thereto, are conclusive evidence of such acts in the Courts of other States, and of the Union. No other formality is required than the annexation of the seal ; and, in the absence of all contrary proof, it must be presumed to have been done by an officer having the custody thereof, and competent authority to do the act.
Under the Crimes Act of the 26th of March, 1804, c. S93. [xl.] s. 2. on an indictment for destroying a vessel with intent to prejudice the underwriters, it is sufficient to show the existence of an association actually carrying on the business of insurance, by whose known officers defacto the policy was executed, and to prejudice whom the vessel insured was destroyed; witlout proving the existence of a legal corporation authorized to insure, or a compliance on the part of such corporation with the terms of its charter, or the validity of the policy of insurance.
The terms " any person or persons," in the act, extend to corporations, and bodies politic, as well as to natural persons.
TnE prisoner, John B. Amedy, was indicted tn the Circuit Court of Virginia, under the act

OF THE UNITED STATES. LSTATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. PLEADING. LOCAL LAW.]

361
1826.
Shelby
', V.
Guy.

SHELBY and Others, Executors of SHELBY, Plaintiffsin Error, against
Guy, Defendant in Error.

The terms " beyond seas," in the saving .clause of a statute of limitations, are to be construed as equivalent to without the limits of the State wheie the statute is epacted.
Quicre, How far this construction has been adopted by the Courts of
Tennessee ? Five years bona fide possession of a slave constitftes a title, by the
laws of Virginia, upon which the possessor may recover in detinue; and this title may be set up by the vendee of.such possessor in the Courts of Tennessee, as a defence to a suit brought by a third party in those Courts.

THIS cause was argued by Mr. Jones, for the Feb. 8WL. plaintiffs in error, and by the Attorney General and Mr. White, for the defendant in error.

Mr. Justice JOHNSOrs delivered the opinion of March 10tI.

the.Court. The plaintiffs here, were- defendants in the
Vourt below, in an action of detinue brought by Thomas Guy, to recover sundry slaves.
The defendants below plead non detinet, and the act of limitations of the State of Tennessee, which bars the action of detinue in three years.
The plaintiff joins issue upon the plea of non detinet, and files a special replication to the plea

VnL. XL

46

362

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. of.the statute, the objdct of which is to bring

'""-'-himself
Shelby

within

the

saving

in

favour

of

absentees.

GV. The defendants demurred to this replication, - Uy. but the demurrer being overruled, the parties

went to trial on the general issue, and a verdict

was rendered for the plaintiff in the form now

usual in the action of detinue.

To revise the judgment of the Court in over-

ruling the demurrer, and its decisions upon va-

rious points of law raised in the progress of the

trial, this writ of error is brought.

The case-was this. One Dickerson, a citizen

of Virginia, the father of the plaintiff's mother,

was owner of a female slave named Amy, from

whom te slave claimed had descended. Upon

the marriage of Thomas Terry Guy with the

plaintiff's mother, or soon after, and prior to the

year 1778, the slave Amy pa~sed into the posses-

sion of T. T. G., but whether by loan, or parol

gift, is a point litigated, and upon which some of

the principal questions in the cause arise.

From the year 1778 to 1794, the slaves re-

mained in Virginia, in the possession of the

plaintiff's father T. T. G., when he sold her and

her increase to David Shelby, who trereupon re-

moved with the slaves to' Tennessee, where he

and they have ever since resided.

In the year 1788, Dickerson made his will and

died; and the will was proved and'recorded in

'July, 1788. In this will he says, "1 lend to my

son-in-law T. T. G., the negroes which. he now

has in his possession, that I lent him in the life-

time of his wife, during hi§ ,nattiral life, viz.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

363

Cuffee,, Gilbert, and Amy; and at his death 1 1826.

give the afortel said slaves, with their increase, to Shelby

my grandsons John and Thomas Guy, and their Y.

heirs, for ever."

Guy.

Thomas Guy, here named, is the plaintiff in

this action; the executory devise to him and

John, took effect by the death of their father in

1795. John died unmarried, under age, and in-

testate, after his father, but before the action

brought, and neither of the brothers had been

in the State of Tennessee until within th' ee

years prior to the institution of the suit, but had

resided in the State of Virginia.

These are the material facts in the cause.

The Alleged
fecs ill

(I(,-
the

points argued have been very numerous; but ifiloadings.

the plaintiff has tripped in pleading, by a vicious

replication, the questions on the merits.are put

out of the case. The points arising on the de-

murrer, therefore, must first be considered.

The replication demurred to, states, in sub-

stance, the right of Dickerson to the negro Amy,

and the continuance of that right up to his death ;

the bequest to the father of the plaintiff foi- life,

and to the plaintiff and John after his deith ; the

death of the father, and of John;. the qualifying

of the executors on the will, and their assent to

the legacy; the sale by the father to Shelby in

1794; Shelby's removal with the slaves to Ten-

nessee, and subsequent residence there, and the

residence of John up to his death, and of the

plaintiff, to within three years of the bringing of'

this suit. in the State of Virginia.

364
1826.
SShceilably,
V.
Guy.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
The demurrer filed to this replication is spe-
and asigns for cause, 1. That it states thie evidence of title, and does not allege a fact.
2. That it is double, in relying on the facts both of title and of non-residence.
But, claiming the right of looking back to the first fault, and other benefits appertaining to a general demurrer, to which, no doubt, he is entitled, the counsel for the defendant have raised a variety of other questions in the cause, of more interest than those specified.
As,first, that the counts in the declaration are repugnant, the one being essentially a count in trover, the other in detinue ; and,
Secondly, that the replication involves a depar.ture, inasmuch as the writ claims the whole prdperty, and the replication shows him to be entitled to 'no more than a moiety.
That the replication is more characterized by prolixity, than by science, the Court will readily admit; but that. it is essentially vicious, cannot be maintained.
The general object of the plaintiff is to fortii his title or demand, and this is a legitimate object. Nor ian we perceive, that in doing this, he has either stated evidence where he ought to allege facts, or tendered to the defendant a double answer to his plea, or, rather, " distinct matttrs to one and the same thing, whereunto several answers are required." That it is redundant, and abounds in surplusage, with reference to the issue tendered, is obvious; but it prefers only one

OF THE UNITED STATES.

365

answer that will fit the plea, which is, absence from the State of Tennessee during the term when the statute would bar him.
Yet, as he has thought proper to amplify upon the nature of his demand, if he had prostrated his own action, the law would visit him with the consequences.
The argument on this point is, that having set out a joint devise to himself and his brother, he is incapable of maintaining alone a suit for the entirety of the thing devised. But, in this, we are of opinion, that the law is with him.
It is true, that tenants in common must ordinarily join in an action, and that the laws of Virginia produce a severance upon the death of a joint tenant, so that the right of survivorship is abolished. But, it is also true, that in suits for an indivisible thing, a right of action survives to a tenant in common; and this, from the necessity of the case, as we conceive the authorities sufficiently maintain. (Co. Litt. 198 a. Bro. Abr. tit. Tenant in Common, pl. 18.)
The exceptions to the counts clearly cannot be sustained. They are consubstantial, and the same plea and judgment proper to both: Averring that the defendant came to the possession of the chattel by finding, does not constitute a count in trover; an alleged conversion characterizes that form of action. Nor is it any objection to the counts, that one of them states a right to recovery founded ina possession merely, without the direct allegation of property, since a tortious letention may well be of that which another has

1826.
Shelby
v.
Guy.

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COURT

1826.
SShheellbbyy
V.
Guy.

no iiLatrest in, but to the temporary us6 or cus-
tody. (Co. Litt.286. Roll. Abr. 575.) Thus, a bailee, or common carrier, or sheriff, may maintain this' action, and expressly against one

who has them by delivery or finding. (2 Saund.

Question upon A

C'/ T . 773 et passim. We

the statute of

c. 3. e

come,

limitations, then, to the question raised by the demurrer

upon the statute of limitations of Tennessee;
and here we are met by 6ne of those embarrassments which necessarily grow out of our peculiar system.
North Carolina, in common with most of the old States, adopted the language of the statute of James in its act of limitations. This was the law of Tennessee before its separation from that State, and continues so to this day. The persons excepted from its operation, are infants,
femes covert, &c. and " persons beyond seas." During a century nearly that this law has been
the local law of that country, we cannot ascertain that the Courts of either of those States have been called on to decide whether it shall be construed according to its literal meaning. In the meantime, solemn adjudications have taken place in several of the States, to the purport, that persons without the jurisdiction of the country, though not actually beyond seas, are within the equity, if not within the actual meaning, of the statutes containing the same words, Murray v.Ba-and borrowed from the same source. And in a
ker, 3 Wf"heal.
np.54 . case which came up to this Court from Georgia, in thd year 1818, it was solemnly decided, that it was impossible to give a sensible and r(-as6nabl(,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

367

construction 'to those words according to their 1826. literal signification. But, we are now informed, Shelby and, as it is admitted by the opposite counsel, we V. cannot question it, that a contrary adjudication Guy.
has taken place in the Courts of Tennessee
within the last year, for the first time. It is obvious, that without a more particular report of that, adjudication, this -Court could not now act finally upon its authority. But if the majority of the Court were of opinion, that an insulated decision on a point thus circumstanced. ought to control the previous decision of this Court, the course would undoubtedly be, to hold up this cause 'for advisement.
That the statute law of the States must far- ofColnosctarluctsitoannish the rule of decision to this Court, as far as tdtes. they comport with the constitution of the United States, in all cases arising within the respective States, is a position that no one doubts. Nor is it questionable, that a 'fix'ed and received construction of their respective statute laws in their owni Courts, makes, in fact, a part of the statute law of the country, however we may doubt the propriety of that construction. It is obvious, that this admission may, at timos, involve us in
seeming inconsistencies; as, where, States have adopted the same statutes, and their Courts differ in the construction. Yet that course is necessarily indicated by the duty imp9sed on us, to administer, as between certain individuals, the laws .)f the respective States, according to the best !ights we possess of what those laws are. This
ourt has uniformly manifested its respect for

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. ' Shelby
.

the adjudications of tie State tribunals, and will be yery moderate in those claims which may be preferred on the ground of comity. Yet, in a
case like the one now occurring, it cannot ac-
knowledge the objection to go farther, at present, than to examine the decision formerly rendered, on the construction of these words.
We have reflected, and heard arguments on our former decision, and not a doubt has been entertained, except on the question how far we were bound to surrender an opinion, under the actual state of difference existing between our construction, and that of the State from which this cause comes.
It is true, that the words, " beyond seas," considered abstractedly, must, in every State in this Union, mean something more than "without the lijmits of the Commonwealth ;" which words, thd State of Virginia has very properly"
added to the statute Df James. But, it is also true, that if the words " beyond seas" be considered with reference to the insular situation of the cauntry from which we adopted the law, they mean exactly the same as the words superadded in the Virginia law. And it was this consideration, as well as the obvious absurdity of applying the terms "beyond seas," in their literal signification, that induced this Court, and has induced so many State Courts, to give it the meaning. of beyond the Commonwealth.
If equity, as applied to the construction of statutes by an eminent writer, means, " the porrection of that wherein the law, by reason of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

369

its universality, is deficient ;" or, as another de-

fines it, " interpreting statutes by the reason of

them," may be applied' to any case, we think it may to one, which, while it, operates in restraint

of common right, would, by a literal construc-

tion, make no saving in favour of persons resi-

ding in the most distant and unfrequented parts

of this extensive continent.

Nevertheless, as this cause must go back .upon

other grounds, we will, for the present, waive a

positive decision on this point as applied to the

State of Tennessee, trusting that the Courts of

the State from which this cause comes will, in

due time, furnish such lights upon the fixed law

of that State on this subject, as will enable the

Courts' of the United States to come to a satis-

factory conclusion upon the question.

The next class of questions in the cause arise

under bills of exception. The object of the de-

fendants, in the several prayers for instructions

propounded to the Court, was to be let into proof

of a title, without will or deed, in the father of

T. T. G., from whom they purchased, and to

maintain, that although that title was only de-

rived to him by implication under the limitation

acts of Virginia, it was sufficient, not only to

make out a defence by pleading, but by giving

such facts in evidence as would be a good de- -

fence on a plea of the statute of limitations, if

the suit were instituted in the State of Virginia,

or to maintain detinue in a suit to recover in right

of a possession under the statute in that State.

VOL. XI.

4-

1826.
Shelby
v.
Guy.

370

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. With this view, he proposed to rely on the follow-

Slb
Shelby

ing propositions:

v.

1. That the proof that Dickerson, on the mar-

Guy. riage of Guy with his daughter, had sent the

slave in question with them, or to them, upon

their going to house-keeping, and permitted her

to remain there ever after as their property, with-

out any specific declaration of the interest vest-

ed in them, other than the will of 1783, with a

variety of corroborating facts, was sufficient to

sustain an inference of a gift or transfer by pa-

rol, and of such an adverse possession as might

constitute a bar under the act of limitations of

Virginia of 1705.

This the Court refused, on the ground that a

parol gift of slaves in Virginia was, at the date

of that transaction, absolutely void.

In this, it is contended, the Court erred, both

as to the law, and as to its application to the

case.

Whether a As to%the law, we are of opinion, that the

parol gift of

slaves wasva- question is not now to be stirred. We do not

lid by the laws

of Virginia mean to intimate an opinion on the construction

previous to the

s j

act of 1787. of the acts of 1757 and 1758, on this subject;

but only to treat it as a decided point upon the

construction of those statutes, that a parol gift

of slaves made in Virginia, even where the pos-

session passed, between the years 1757 and

1787, was void, or voidable; for, as to all the

purposes of this case, it is immaterial which.

The declaratory act of December 31, 1787, we

regard as a new enactment, taking effect from

its date. as a repeal of the prior acts in those

OF THE UNIrED STATES.

cases in which the possession passed with the 1826.

gift. The possession here relied on was from 1775 to 1788, at which time the will was recorded. And here, the material question arises,

Shelby
v.
Guy.

whether,

if void or voidable, it

does not

creaS te

Howfarhe Court below

such an adverse interest in the donee, as the sta-rrjeec°tding i. rthe-e

tute of 1795 may attach upon, so as to vest aproof.

complete interest. And, on this point, we think

the Court erred in rejecting the proof. For, al-

though the gift may have been void or voidable,

the fact of delivery of possession attended it,

and this must have put the party to his action to

reinstate himself in the enjoyment of the pro-

perty. The limitation to the action of detinue in

Virginia, is five years; and here the supposed

donee proves a possession of ten years.

There can, then, be but one doubt raised on

the right of the defendant to the instruction here

prayed, and to the admission of the evidence of-

fered to the fact of a parol gift, and that is,

whether lie could avail himself of this defence

in this mode.

In the case of Newby v. Blakky, (3 Hen. 4i-nposFseivsseionyears
of
Munf. 57.) a case strikingly resembling this inslav obn.t,-

its circumstances, it was adjudged; that a plain-te lase of

tiff, in Virginia, may recover in detiInue upoIo~rn' five bwehsiceht up maisgaht years peaceable possession of a e acqire- defenet by th

without force, or fraud. And, four months after defendant in

that decision, and obviously without being ap-Tennesser,.

,prised of itthis Court, in the case of Brent v.

Chapman, maintained the same doctrine.- (5

Crdnch'sRep. 358.)

It follows,'we think, that, on the same princi-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
'r--'
Shelby
V. Guy.

ple, such a possession must constitute a good defence in Tennessee. To preclude the defendant from availing himself of the benefit of that evidence which would have sustained an action

for the same property by the person from whom he purchased it, would be to convert a good and
valid title in Virginia, into a defeasible title in Tennessee; a sufficient title in a vendor, into a defeasible title in his vendee; and, by an indirect operation, to make the seller liable, where a direct action could not have been maintained against him to recover the property sold. Second xcep- The second prayer is calculated to obtain of the Court an instruction, that, after an indefinite

loan to Guy the father, a subsequent devise to his children, if intended to save the slaves from his creditors, was inoperative as to Guy, and purchasers for valuable consideration claiming under him, unless with actual notice of the will.
On this, it is sufficient to remark, that as there were no creditors before the Court, the Court was under no obligation to speculate upon the possible effect of their interests upon the case. And this gets rid of Lhe influence of the decision in Fitzhugh v. Anderson, on the cause, as will be more particularly shown in a subsequent part of this opinion. The defendant here, was a purchaser from T. T. G. at the time when the will of the grandfather was of record. How far purchasers are affected with record notice, is obviously a point of local law. And, we understand, that much importance is attached to it in the jurisprudence of Virginia. Certainly, in or-

OF THE UMTED STATES.

373

dinary cases, where such a source of information 1826.

is open to all, t·hose who do not avail themselves SShelby

of it come with an ill grace before a Court to v.

complain of imposition.

Guy.

The third prayer was intended to maintain, Third excepthat, on the circumstances of the case, the jury

might infer both a deed, and the recording of

that deed. Broad as this claim was, it is obvious,

that the Court was not bound to give the instruc-

tion, since it would have availed the party nothing,

without the additional fact of the loss or extinc-

tion of the record also.

The fourth prayer had relation to the question, Fourth eep-

whether the right of action survived to the tenant

in common, which has been already answered.

As Thomas Terry Guy died before his son John,

the executory devise to John and the plaintiff be-

came vested "- possession. Their right of ac-

tion then accrued, and that right §urvived to this

plaintiff, whatever may be the ultimate distribu-

tion of the slaves when recovered. This also

was rightfully refused.

And the same remark answers many of the

exceptions taken to the charge which the Court

below did give, upon the sufficiency of the plain-

tiff's cause of action, and the form of laying it.

Other exceptions are taken to the legal doc-

trines of that charge; one of which is, that, un-

der the Virginia statute of frauds of 1785, the

loan, with five years possession, became a vested

title in T. T. G. ; another, that upon the general

doctrines of Courts of law, on the subject of

frauds imputable where the possession remains

374

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
' Shelby. VI Guy.

in one, and the right in another, this will should be adjudged a mere cover and evasion, or a new
devise for the perpetratioh of fraud. But, on these subjects, we think it unnecessary

to. remark at any length; the dates and facts do not bring the case within the operation of the statute of frauds of 1785; and, with regard to the general doctrine, it never has been supposed to extend to a purchaser with notice, much less to a purchaser whom the local law affects with notice of the highest order. Had the defendant, in this instance, been a creditor of T. T. G., who had trusted him on the faith of this property, and now sought relief under the principle in Twyne's case, the decision in Fitzhugh "v. Anderson, (2 Hen. 4- Muf. 2M9.) might have applied. That case was expressly decided upon the principle in Twyne's case. The complainants were legatees of their grandfather, under a will that was not recorded until three years after the creditors (who were defendants) had sold the son's
slaves under execution; slaves which he had held in possession for fifteen years, under a loan, which was never avowed until the slaves were set up for sal' , and which there was obviously much cause for bringing into serious suspicion.

Judgment reversed, and a venirefaciasde nova awarded.

REPORTS
OF
THE DECISIONS
IN THE
SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES.
FEBRUARY TERM, 1826.
[PR&IZE.]
The MARIANNA FLORA. The Vice Consul of Portugal, Claimant.
In Admiralty proceedings,'amendments are made in the appellate Court, not only as to form, but as to matter of substance, as by the filing a new count to the libel ; the parties being permitted, whenever public justice, and the substantial merits require it, to introduce new allegations and new proofs; non allegataallegare,et non probata probare.
If the amendment is made in the Circuit Court, the cause is heard and adjudicated by that Court and (upon appeal) by this Court onthe new allegation; but ifthe amendment is allowed by this Court, the cause is remanded to the Circuit Court, with directions to permit the amendment to be made.
An attack made upon a vessel of the United States, by an armed vessel, with the avowed intention of repelling the approach of .the former, or of crippling or destroying her, upon a mistaken supposition that she was a piratical cruizer, and without a piratical or felonious intent, or for the purpose of wanton plunder, or malicious destruction of property, is not a piraticalaggressionunder the act of the 5d of March, 1819, c. 75.
Nor is an armed vessel, captured under such circumstances, liable to confiscation as for a hostile aggression, under the general law of nations. Vov;. T

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. The act extends to foreign vessels committing a piratical aggression ;
. "w and whatever responsibility the nation may incur towards foreign The Marian- states, by executing its provisions, the tribunals of the United
na Flora. States are bound to carry them into effect.
Pirates may be lawfully captured by the public or private ships of any nation, in peace or in war; for they are hoaes humani geneis.
American ships offending against our own laws, may be seized upon the ocean, and foreign ships thus offending within our territorial jurisdiction, may be pursued and seized upon the. ocean, and brought into our ports for adjudication.
But, in such cases, the party ieizes at his peril, and is liable to costs and damages if he fails to establish the forfeiture.
Ships of war sailing under the authority of their government, in time of peace, have a right to approach other vessels at sea for the purpose of ascertaining their real characters, so far as the same can be done without the exercise of the right of visitation and search, which does not exist in time of peace.
No vessel is bound to await the approach of armed ships under such circumstances; but such vessel cannot lawfully prevent their approach by the use of force, upon the mere suspicion of danger.
Where an aggression was committed by a foreign armed merchant vessel, on a public armed ship of the United States, under these circumstances, and a combat ensued upon mutpal misapprehension and mistake, the commander of the public ship was held exempt from costs and damages for subduing, seizing, and bringing into a port of this country for adjudicatiop, the offending vessel.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Massachusetts.
The original libel filed in the District Court against the Portuguese ship Marianna Flora, and cargo, was for an alleged piratical aggression attempted or committed by the ship on the United Statesd armed schooner Alligator, Lieutenant Stockton commander, against the act of Congress of the 3d of March, 1819, c. 75. entitled, " An act to protect the commerce of the United States, and punish the crime of piracy.""d
a Which provides, (sec. 1.) that the President of the United States be auttorized and requested to emplo, so many of the public

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Upon the hearing of the cause in the District 1826.
Court, the Judge pronounced an interlocutoryTheMariansentence of restitution, and subsequently pro- na Flora. nounced a further decree for damages, amounting to 19,675 dollars, for the act of sending in the ship for adjudication, and the consequent detention. An appeal was taken by the libellants from both decrees to the Circuit Court; and, afterwards, before the hearing of the appeal, by request of the government of the United States, and with the consent of the libellants, the ship and cargo were restored to the claimants, and fur-
armed vessels as in his judgment the service may require, with suitable instructions to the commanders thereof, in .protecting the merchant vessels of the United States, and their crews, from piratical aggressions and depredations. (Sec. 2.) "1he President of the United States is authorized to instruct the commanders of the public armed vessels, of the United States, to subdue, seize, take, and send into any port of the United States, any armed vessel or boat, or any vessel or boat, the crew whereof shall be armed, and which shall have attempted or committed any piratical aggression, search, restraint, depredation, or seizure, upon any vessel of the United States, or of the citizens thereof, or upon any other vessel ; and also to retake any vessel of the United States, or its citizens, which may have been unlawfully captured upon the high seas. (Sec. 3.) Authorizes the merchant vessels of the United States to defend themselves against any piratical aggressions, &c. and to capture the assailant. (Sec. 4.) Whenever any vessel or boat, from which any piratical aggression, search, restraint, depredation, )r seizure, shall have been first attempted or made, shall be captured and brought into any port of the United States, the same shall andl may be adjudged and condemned to their use, and that of the captors- after due process and trial, in any Court having ad'miralty jurisdiction, and which shall be holden for the district into which such captured vessel shall be brought; and the same Court shall thereupon order a sale and distribution thereof accordingly, and at their discretion.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. ther proceedings respecting the same were abanThe rMarian- doned. The only question, therefore, litigated
na Flora. in the Circuit Court, was upon the point of damages, and, ultimately, a decree was there pronounced reversing the decree for damages; and this constituted the matter of the present appeal. . Pending ihe proceedings in the Circuit Court, leave was granted to the libellants to file a new count or allegation, in which the aggression was stated to be hostile, and with intent to sink and destroy the Alligator, and in violation of the law of nations. The facts which were given in evidence, and relied on: to support the allegations in the libel, were substantially as follows: On the morning of the 5th of November, 1821, the Alligator and the Marianna Flora, were mutually descried by each other on the ocean, at the distance of about nine miles, the Alligator being on a cruize against pirates and slave traders, under the instructions of the President, and the Portuguese vessel being bound on a voyage from Bahia to Lisbon, with a valuable cargo on board. The two vesselswere then steering on courses nearly at right angles with each other, the Marianna Flora being under the lee bow of the Alligator. A squall soon afterwards came on, which occasioned an obscuration for some time. Upon the clearing up of the weather, it appeared that the Marianna Flora had crossed the point of inteisection of the courses of the two vessels, and was about four miles distant on the weather bow of the Alligator. Soon afterwards she shortened sail and

OF THE UNITED STATES.
hove to, having at this time a vane or flag on her 1826. mast, somewhat below the head, which, together T -with her other manceuvres, induced Lieutenant na Flora. Stockton to suppose she was in distress, or wished for- information. Accordingly, he deemed it his duty, upon this apparent invitation, to approach her, and immediately changed his course towards her. When the Alligator was within long shot of the Portuguese ship, the latter fired a cannon shot ahead of the Alligator, and exhibited the appearance and -equipments of an armed vessel. Lieutenanc Stockton immediately hoisted the United States' flag and pendant. The Marianna Flora then fired two more guns, one loaded with grape, which fell short, the other loaded with. round shot, which passed over and beyond the Alligator. This conduct induced Lieutenant Stockton to believe the ship to be a piratical or a slave vessel, and he directed his own guns to be fired in return; but as they were only carronades, they did not reach her. The Alligator continued to approach, and the Marianna Flora continued firing at her at times, until she came within musket shot, and then a broadside from the Alligator produced such intimidation that the Portuguese ship almost immediately ceased firing. At that time, and not before, the Portuguese ship hoisted her national flag. Lieutenant Stockton ordered the ship to surrender, and send her boat on board, which was accordingly done. He demanded an explanation; and the statement made to him by the Portuguese master, and other officers, was, that they did not

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. know him to be an American ship of war, but T"he rMiaarnian- took him to be a piratical cruizer. Under these na Flora. circumstances, without much examination of the
papers, .or the voyage of the ship, Lieutenant Stockton determined to send her into the United States, on account of this, which he deemed a piratical aggression. She was, accordingly, manned, and sent, with her officers and. crew, under the orders of Lieutenant Abbot, into Boston.

Feb.ebth.

Mr. .1. Knapp, for the appellants, argued,
(1) upon the facts, to show that the visitation of the Marianna Flora, and her detention for examination and search, were unlawful and unjustifiable. He insisted, that the Portuguese master was deceived by the omission of the Alligator to affirm her flag with a gun, according to the law and usage of the nations on the European continent.a, He had a lawful right to resist the approach of the other vessel, until assured, beyond all reasonable doubt, of her true national character.' A remark of Lord Ellenborough, in an analogous case, recognises such nmanceuvres as were used by the Marianna Flora, as coming within the legitimate acts of defensive resistance. He says, "aefence might happen in virious ways, as by making a show of confidence in the face of an enemy, with a view to deter him from an attack.'" Upon the topics of the nature or

a 2 Azuni, 203. 2 Wheat. Rep. .4ppendix, 10. 1 Code des
Prises,parLe Beau, 223. b Puffend. 1. 2. c. S. sec. 8. 2 Ruthlerf. 493. 2 Azuni, 207. c 6 East's Rep. 202.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
character of unblameable defence, and the time 1826. when forcible resistance may lawfully begin, and TTeheaaMarianthe extent to which it may be carried, particularly na Flora. between persons belonging to different civil socidties, or between vessels of different nations, on the ocean, authorities were cited from various text writers, as applicable to the situation of the Portuguese master, and justifying his conduct.' It was asked, if it be lawful for private ships to arm, in time of peace, for the purposes of selfprotection, whether that libert did not comprehend the right to do with force whatever, under existing circumstances of apparent peril, human instinct and natural prudence -would dictate ? Could the maxim that we must so use what belongs to us as not to infringe the rights of others, be inconsistent -with this principle ? Could it be the duty of the master of a merchant vessel arihed for such a purpose, when his nation was at peace with all the world, and when the seEis were infested with pirates, to suffer another armed vessel to approach him without first being satisfied of her pacific intentions? .Still less was it his duty to submit to the exercise of the right of visitation and search, (a right which has no existence in time of peace,) in the unlawful manner in which it was 'attempted to. be exercised.
2. It was insistedthat if the search and examinationt had been made in a lawful and deliberate manner, it must have resulted in a conviction
a lRuther.372-377. 398. 180. Pufend.1. 2. c. 5. G6. 8. 6 2,4zuni, 205. 1 Iason'sRep. 24. -The George.

CASE'S ]N THE SUPREME COURT
1826.: of the innocence of the Portuguese ship, and Thle Marian- her dons equent immediate liberation. As, in na Flora. this case, simple reparation only was sought,
and not vindictive damages, it was considered sufficient to refer to the case of the Appollon, where it was laid down by this Court, that, except in cases of captures jure belli, or on exemption expressly created by statute, even probable cause will not excuse from simple reparation.' But, there must, in every case, be probable cause to justify the seizure.6
3. But, it was further contended, that the subsequent detention and sending in of the ship for adjudication, was wholly unjustifiable, and subjected the seizor to damages. Even the harsh and unbending rules of prize law render the captors liable to costs and damages whenever the evidence of the neutrality of the ship and cargo exists on board, unless it is afterwards shown to be enemy's property, or to have bedn guilty of some unneutral conduct, rendering it liable to confiscation.' But yet there was a distinction between a right to seize and examine, and a right to capture. The right to detain and send in for adjudication, did not necessarily follow from a seizure and examination, which might have been warranted by the circumstances, but which had not resulted in showing that, there was any rea-
a 9 Wheat. Rep. 374. b 2 Cranch'sRep. 64. 170. 3 Cranch'sRep. 458. c Wheat. Capt.312. Apx. Croke. Repiy to Schlegal 62. 2 Azuni, 212. 1 Dall. Rep. 183. 2 .Wheat. Rep. 333. The Anna Maria.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
son to doubt the true character of the Portuguese 1826. vessel, and the innocence of her conduct. But, The Marianat all events, the misconduct of the master, sup- na Flora. posing it to be ever so aggravated, could not affect the owners of the ship and cargo, whose agent he was, for ordinary civil. purposes, but not so as to subject their property to l6ss or injury by his unlawful acts. And for the losses accruing by the detention of the ship and cargo in port, after it was satisfactorily ascertained that they could not be proceeded against by the seizors, there was still less reason to doubt the right of the claimants to recover damages.,
4. The charge that the Portuguese ship had attempted, or committed, a piratical aggression or restraint, within the act ofCongress, was considered as negatived by the restitution, with the consent of the captors, in the Court below. Whatever might be the nature or degree of the offence meant to be defined by the act, it-must be piratical;and all the authorities define piracy to be a robbery, or forcible depredation on the high seas; and they all concur, that a bare assault, without taking or pillaging something, does not constitute this crime.' If the act of Congress goes beyond this definition, it is not war-
a 2 Bro. Civ: 4 Adm. Law, 210. 5 Rob. 40. The St. Juan Baptista. 4 Rob. 58. The Zee Star. 3 Daff. Rep. 333. 2 Wheat. Rep. .4ppr. 12.
b 2 Woodes. 140. 2 .,zuni, 351. .Bynk. Q. J. Pub. Duponceau's trans. 127. note. 2 Bro. Civ. ,k Adm. Law, 462. 1 Sir L. Jenkins' Life, &c. 91. 5 Wheat. Rep. 161. 3 Wheat. Rep. 641.
VnT TT

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. ranted by the law of nations, and cannot give 4 a jurisdiction to. the tribunals of this country over na Flora. the persons and property of foreigners.
Mr. Blake, for the respondents, made three points:
(1.) The captors were justifiable, under all the circumstances of the case, in subduing and taking possession of the Portuguese ship.
.(2.) They were justifiable in sending her in fo adjudication.
(3.) There was probable cause of seizure and sending in for adjudicati on.
1. Even the sentence of the District Court admits that Captain Stockton was not liable to damages for the mere act of subduing and seizing thd ship. She had committed a hostile and piratical aggression on a public vessel of the Uniteil States in time of peace. The learned counsel here entered into an able and elaborate argument upon the evidence, to show that the first aggression was committed by the Portuguese ship, and that it was not justified or excused by the conduct of the Alligator. It was a predetermined, deliberate, and wanton attack; not an accidental rencounter, nor the -result of any mistake. It was an act of private war, and the onus probandi is on the claimant to show that it was authorized by the law of nations. Admitting even that the Alligator pursued the Portuguese vessel, she had an unquestionable right to approach her' in time'of peace ; and an attempt to exercise the right could not be construed into

OF THE UNITED STATES.
an act of hostility, or warrant the use of force to 1826. prevent it. As the ocean i the common pro- The an perty of all nations, every nation has a right to na Flora. its free use, and no one can claim the exclusive control of a larger portion than is sufficient for the purposes of its own movements. -The regulations as to keeping out of cannon shot, and sending a boat on board, are applicable only to a state of war, and to the exercise of the belligerent right of search, which, it is admitted, does not exist in time of peace. Indeed, these regulations are the creatures of conventional law, and bind those nations only between whom they are established by special treaty. But the Alligator was a .public armed ship, belonging to the navy of the United States, and sent out to cruize against pirates and slave traders, under the different acts of Congress passed for the suppression of these offenders. Captain Stockton was authorized by these laws, and his instructions under them, to seize and subdue all vessels and persons offending against them, wherever they might be found. If every-vessel on the ocean has a right to draw around her a magic circle, and to prevent by force the approach of all others, it is obvikus that the acts of Congress must remain a dead letter, since their could not be executed without approaching sufficiently near to ascertain the probable character of the vessel. The act
of heaving to, on the part of the Marianna Flora, indicated either a desire to speak the Alligator, or to get the weather gage for the purposes of annoyance; and, in either case, it was the duty

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. of Captain Stockton to change his course, and The Marian- overhaul the Portuguese ship. But the circum-
na Flora. stance of the hostile guns which were soon afterwards fired from the Marianna Flora, without hoisting any national flag, made it still more imperatively his. duty to approach her; and had he avoided the rencounter, he could not have justified his conduct to his government and his country. He had a right, then, to pursue and capture, founded upon the act of Congress, and his instructions. He was justified in considering the ship as having not only attempted, but as having actually committed, a piratical restraint and aggression, within the meaning of the act. But, independent of the authority derived from this statute, he was justified in pursuing and subduing the aggressor, upon the more general grounds of natural and public law. The right of freely navigating the ocean, and of self-defence, of repelling force by force, was common to both vessels. The Alligator was not bound to decline the combat by flight. In the expressive words of Baron Puffendorf, " in a state of nature,* the aggressor hath no right, by which the other party is bound to decline his violence, rather than oppose it; and the reason why a man, under his natural condition, sometimes chooses rather to fly than fight, is not out of any favour to him who sets upon him, but because he thinks it more convenient for his own affairs to fly, like hares,whose armouris in therfeet."a
a U 2.,c. 13. s. 14.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
This doctrine has reference to the condition of 1826. man in a state of nature; and such was the con- T'aandition of the parties. now before the Court, when na Flora. upon the ocean, and waging war with each other. The vindices injuriarumrt were not there, and each party became of necessity his own avenger and judge. As to the Alligator not firing a gun in affirmance of her flag, it cannot surely be pretended that such an idle ceremony could give any additional assurance that she was what she pretended to be, or that the general law of maritime states requires any such ceremony. It may be the particular usage of Spain and Portugal, and it may have been adopted between some other nations as a part of the conventional law; but it has reference exclusively to a state of war, and is a mere regulation of the exercise of the belligerant right of visitation and search.
Still less can it be maintained that the Portuguese had reasonable grounds to suspect that the Alligator was a pirate, and had hostile designs. upon his ship, and, therefore, he had a right to attack and destroy her. The analogies of. the municipal law may assist to illustrate this branch of the inquiry., What degree, or what grounds of fear of bodily harm, will justify an act that may result in the destruction of human"life, is, in some cases, a question of great delicacy and difficulty. By the rules of the common law, the rights of the party assailed are confined within very narrow limits. The danger must.be manifest, impending, and almost unavoidable. But the writers bn natural law may, perhaps, on this

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. occasion, be more properly cited ; and the fol-
TThhee Marieh- lowing passage from Puffendorf affords the fullnaFlora. est illustration of the principles applicable to this subject. "Sometimes," says he, " a doubt has arisen whether, if one assault me, by mistake, without any evil design, but with intent to employ his force against another, I may kill him in my own defence. Grotius makes this clear in the affirmative. (De J. B. acP. lib. 11. c. 1. s. 2.) Inasmuch as nature obliges us to maintain peace with others, it may, and ought to be presumed, that every one will fulfil this obligation, unless he give manifest evidence of contrary designs." "But now, (speaking of timely preparations for self-defence,), though my providing thus far for my security can be injurious to none, yet, before I can actually assault another under colour of my own defence, I must have lokens and arguments amounting to a moral certainty that he entertains a grudge against me, and has a full design of doing me a mischief, so that, unless I prevent him, 1 shall immediately feel his stroke. Among these tokens and signs giving me a right to make a violent assault upon another man., I must by no means reckon his bare superiority to me in strength and power. 'Tis a very gross way of philosophizing which some men have got, when they tell us, by way of advice, ' He that is able to hurt you, undoubtedly is willing, and, therefore, without further warning, down with him.' This kind of doctrine is manifestly destructive of all social commerce nmong men, and the authors. commonly cited in

OF THE UNITED STATES.

defelce of it, either are such whose character 1826.

prevents their authority, or else, in the passages T

a-

alleged from them, they speak only of precau- na Flota.

tion in our dealing with those who have given us

sufficient tokens of their resolution to hurt us."'

The application of these principles to the case

now in judgment, is too plain to require illustra-

tion, and seems to leave no doubt that the re-

spondents are fully justified as to the act of sub-

duing and capturing the appellant's ship.

The bounsel also commented upon a passage

from Albericus Gentilis, which had been relied

on by the learned Judge of the District Court as

supporting his decree, but which, it was contend-

ed, had been misunderstood; and, at all events,

was but the opinion of a private individual against

the solemn judgment of a Court of justice in a

case analogous to that now in discussion.'

a Puqfend.1.2. c. 5. s. 6. b Albericus Gentilis.HispaniceAdvocationis, c. 27. Albericus Gentilis is justly regarded as one of the founders of the modern law of-nations. He was born.in the March of Ancona, in the year 1550, and left Italy with his father, an eminent physician, who was obliged to fly from that country on account of his religious opinions. The son afterwards established himself in England, where he obtained a chair of professor of the civil law at Oxford, in 1582, and died at London in 1608. His works are,
De Jure Belli, in three books; De Crimince Leswe Majestatis; De Nuptiis; Comment. ad. L. 3. Cod. de Professoribuset Medicis; and the work above referred to, Hipanice, Advocationis, which is a collection of opinions given by him as the counsel of Spanish claimants in the English Courts of prize, and may be considered as the earliest reports of adjudged cases of maritime law (Moreri, Dict.) "Albericus Gentilis," says Sir James Mackintosh, "was certainly the forerunner of Grotius. The opinion enter-

CASES IN THE SUPREME. COUIRT
1826. 2. The captors were equally justifiable in send'arian-ing her in for adjudication. It was the exercise
na Flora. tained, at the time, of the difference between them, willbe seen in the following words of Zouch, the pupil and successor of Gentilis at Oxford. ' He chiefly followed Albericus Gentilis, and Hugo Grotius, of whom the former justifies all his positions by authorities of law, the latter tried his doctrines by the test of reason.'" Edinb. Rev. vol. 27. No. 53. art. 9. Singular mutability of human opinions! Nearly all the writers cited by Gentilis are now forgotten; he himself is hardly known except by name; even Grotius is little readand, however extensive the effects of his great work on his own age, it is now considered as resting more on the authority of the innumerable writers of every age and nation cited by him, than on original principles, or the deductions of reason. The editor has supposed, that the following translation of the passage from Gentilis, above referred to, would not be uhacceptable to the reader. " Concerningan English vessel whichfought with a Tuscar, andwag taken. "An English ship was captured by a Tuscan, after an engagement, and confiscated. The Florentine Judges state, as the ground of this decree, that the English ship was the aggressor, and that the Florentine acted only in necessary defence. With submission, your honours, I will reply, that your premises Are void of probability, your conclusion ;f truth. Por instance; he ispresumed the aggressor,who supposed himself injured; in such a case, where it is a question of intention, opinion is sufficient. The Tuscan may have supposed himself injured by the commerce of the English with the Turks. [Therefore, the Tuscan, not the Englishman, was the aggressor.] 4gain; he is presumed the aggressorwho lies in wait, in arms. Such was the case of the Tuscan, who (as appears from what he had done to other vessels of ours) was cruizing for our merchantmen in that trade. Again; he is presumedthe aggressor,who is superiorin strength. And who does not see the Tuscan vessel of war was stronger than our merchantman ? Agai ; he is presumed the aggressor, who, being armed, is accustomed to conflicts. Does this character also suit the merchantman, or, rather, the cruizer ? Finally; he is pre-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

both of a right and a duty. Taking it for grant- 1826-

ed, that there was a right to subdue, and to cap- T'he Mar nan-

na Flora.

sumed the aggressor, who, under the circumstances already

stated,conquers. And which is he? Why dd we ask; the de-

cree of condemnation declares that the Tuscan first fired twice on

the Englishman.

".4gain ; did not the Tuscan begin the battle? He is consi-

dered as beginning who has provoked to the battle, to hostility ;

and he is considered principal in the crime, with whom the malice

began, and to him, as the aggressor, are justly imputed the conse-

quences. And will those Judgestell me, thatit is apractce and

sign of amity tofire once and again? It is the custom of a ship

of war hailing another vessel, and assuming this authority. The

Tuscan vessels practised this at that time, and in other cases.

Then, the defence of the English was againsta claim of autho-

rity, againstthreats. The object of the Tuscans 'was to search

our ship, as' appears from their transactions with others; they

came, therefore, to interrupt our navigation, to intercept our com-

merce, as appears from what they did with others. Deeds declare

the intention. The deed of the Tuscans was unlawful, if a hunts-

man cannot lawfully enter another man's farm without the owner's

permission; if it is unlawful to injure an enemy, in a neutral terri-

tory, and if territory in this respect differ not from jurisdiction.

Neither shall the custom above alluded to (if ever any where so

received) be now obtruded upon me as a law of the sea relative to

the power of ships of war; for, although the custom may be ad-

mitted on the shores of the prince to whom the vessel belongs, it

cannot in other seas. Nor let us regard1 the opinion of those cus-

tomaryjuristi, but adhere to those who proceed on general princi-

ples. [ZWey teach that] The defence of the Englishwasjustfear-

ing an attack. And the bare preparationof anotheragainst

onegiving me a right to assaultandslay hiF. Infact, amnot

obliged to wait till I am assailed. I have a right to commence.

This is the opinion more favourable to humanity, and proved from

facts on trial, and is also confirmed by all the writers. ' We -must

go to meet the assault,[say they,] not only that which actually

exists, but that which may takeplace.'

VOL. XI.

3

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
na Flora.

ture, the right to send in for adjudication follows as a corollary. The right to seize depended upon
" The defence of the English was justifiable even on the behalf of the Turks, who were to suffer injury from the Tuscans in our ship. For, an injury is done to us,-which is done to another in our house; and a ship is compared to a house. So, an injury done to a fellow traveller, is done to us. It was, therefore, commendable for us to defend those whom we had undertaken to carry. -Nay, we ourselves were entitled to be spared, although carriers [of enemy's property, simply as such] should not be so entitled. It was still necessary for us to defend ourselves, through fear lest we should suffer, by being confounded with the Turks, and by a wish to save our own property. Thus, in a case still harder to defend, Cravetta held, when a city shut its gates on its lord, through fear of being ravaged, and for the sake of preserving its property, and in order that, with a few guilty, the remaining innocent might not be confounded.
"If, then, it was a defence of ourselves, and a just defence, the attack of the Tuscans must have been unjust. But, grant that their attack was just. Certainly, in the doubtful conflict of just attack, and just defence, every one will think the defence entitled to favour. There are all degrees of just, equitable, and favoured, and that which is more just, is to be preferred to that which is less so. But, grantthat the assaultwas on our side,and thatit was unjust. Shall a stipulated surrenderavailus nothing? 7YTey arenot regardedas captured,who have surrendered,even frqm extreme necessity.
-" But, grant that they were captured, are persons and property captured the perquisites of the captor? On this supposition, there is a kind of war between us and the Tuscans, and this a battle between enemies, which, therefore, must be adjudged by the public rules of war, and not those of pirates and murderers. The most learned Alciati is to the contrary, and the plainest law teaches that neither captured persons. nor goads' accrue to the captor.
" But, grant that captured goods do accrue to the captor; tie goods, in this case, did not belong to the combatants; and the deed, of these mariners must not prejudice the owners. The mariners

OF THE UNI T ED STATES.
the fact of the offence committedby the captured 1826. vessel. The captors had no authority to applyThe Marianthe law to the fact, to sit in judgment upon the naFlora. case, and to inflict summary justice on the offender. Still less could the commander of a public ship be expected to assume the responsibility of suffering the offender td- escape. It was apparently a piratical, or, at least, a hiostile aggression against the law of nations, which had been committed upon a public vessel of the United States. It is not essential to constitute the piratical restraint and depredation, which is meant to be punished by the act of Congress, that there should be an intent to rob or plunder. Any wanton attack on a vessel, on the high seas, and especially an attack with an intent to sink the vessel, and destroy the lives of the officers and crew, is clearly within the letter and the spirit of the act. If a homicide had been occasioned by this aggression, it could not be considered as justifiable or excusable, upon the principles of the criminal code of this, or any other civilized country; and not being justifiable or excusable, it would be a
are not to be understood to have done wrong by the order of the owners ; nor the latter to have given orders otherv -ethan according to mercantile usage. I The owners must not suffer, although the mariners should say they had acted according to orders.'
It See how, even in the liberal concessions I have made in the defence, the mariners would hardly be responsible, the owners not at all. But, since the defence of the mariners was on every principle just, what follows but that the Tuscans should restore to us, as to persons plundered, every thing taken away, with damages, eostq, interest, profits. &c. to the last farthing."

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. case of murder, and if a case of murder, of piThe Mariaanr-atical murder. Now, if the act attempted to be na Flora. done would have been piratical, the attempt also
was piratical. It may, indeed, be said, that the act of Congress is broader than the rule of international law on this subject; that, by the law of nations, an attempt to commit a7 piracy is not a piracy; and, therefore, the detention and sending in for adjudication was unlawful., Supposing this to be so, argumenti gratia,still the judicial tribunals of this country are bound to protect the officer who acts under it, and in obedience to it. This very question of an apparent collision between the law of nations and a municipal ordinance, was presented to the mind of that great man who presides in the British High Court of Admiralty, in the memorable case of the orders in council, and disposed of without hesitation or difficulty, upon the plain and intelligible ground, that he could not presume the prize ordinances of his own country to be repugnant to the law of nations.2
But, supposing it not to be a piratical aggressaicotn, or an attempt to commit one, still it was an
of deliberate, wanton, flagrant hostility, committed against the law of nations, and the rights of this country as one of the community of nations. For such an offence there must be some punishment, and the appropriate penalty inflicted in analogous cases, is that of confiscation. Thus, in the case of the Anne, this Court con-
a Edw. dm. Rep. 311. The Fox. b 3 Wheat. Rep. 435.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
demned, as prize of war, enemy's property taken 1826. within neutral jurisdiction, upon the ground, that TThh.eM· drianlthe captured vessel had made the first attack na Flora. upon the captor, and, by this act of aggression on the other belligerant, had disturbed the state of peace which is always supposed to exist in a neutral port.
3. There was probable cause, such as will exempt the captors from damages. Probable cause is, where a seizure is made under circumstances which warrant suspicion, and upon evidence less than that which would justify condemnation." No case can be shown~where a Court of the law of nations has decreed damages merely for bringing in for adjudication, if the original seizure was justifiable, unless under peculiar circumstances not affecting the principle, or its application to the present case. The learned counsel here cited and classified all the cases to be found in the English books, where damages had been given or refused; and deduced from them the general inference, that wherever there is probable cause for the original seizure, the captors are only liable to make simple restitution, even if upon adjudication it turns out that their suspicions were groundless.
a 7 Cranch'sRep. 348. Locke v. United States. b The three classes of cases affecting this question, are, (t.) Where damsages have been given or refused on restitution. (2.) Where compensation has been given, or refused, the prize being lost in the hands of the captors. (3.) Where, although restitution was decreed, the captors have been allowed theircosts and expenses. I. In the CorierMaritime,(1 Rob. 287.) demtirrage was'given

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'T
1826. As to the decision of this Court in Murray v. The Marian- The Charming-Betseyait is affirmed by Mr.
na Flora. for unnecessary detention, and unjustifiable delay in proceeding to adjudication.. In the Zee Star,(4 Rob. 71.) demurrage was given to the claimants, and costs and expenses refused to the captors, (which are usually allowed even on restitution,) for improper delay in proceeding to adjudication. In the Triton, (4 Rob. 78.) costs and damages were given to the claimant of the goods, and demurrage for the ship, for seizure on an insufficient ground. In the .11adonna del Burso, (4 Rob. 169.) all the circumstances concurred of a seizure originally unjustifiable, protracted detention, and improper delay in proceeding to adjudication : costs and damages were given. The Peac-ock, (4 Rob. 185.) was the case of an unj ustifiable detention of the .prize vessel, carried into Lisbon, and delay in bringing her home to England for adjudication. The Witlilmsburg, (5 Rob. 143.) demurrage allowed, and the expenses of the application given against the captors, for loss arising from his not bringing the captured vessel to thw most convenient port for adjudication,within the meaning of the prize act. In the Zacheman,(5 Rob. 152.) which was a mistake as to the law of contrabano under the Swedish treaty, and the seizure was pronotinced perfectly justifiable, demurrage was allowed for unreasonable delay. The Adina, (5 Rob. 332.) was a case of restitution, with costs and damages, for a violation of the neutral territbry of the United States. The seizure itself wai pronounced to be unjustifiable, and costs and damages were given, because the prize ship was improperly brought from the mouth of the Mississippi to England for adjudication, instead of being carried into one of the' Vest India islands. In the Washington, (6 Rob. 275.) damages were given for bringing the vessel to an inconvenient port. The Acteon (2 Dods.48.) was an American ship sailing under a license, unlawfully seized and burnt. The St. Antonio (Acton, 113.) was sailing under a license to enter the port of Holland, but was seized under suspicion of an intention to go to a French port. On bringing in, the captors offered to liberate on payment of their expenses, but afterwards retracted, and went on to adjudication. a 2 Cranch'sRep.116. 122.

OFl'THE INITED STATEb.
Dallas, arguendo, as a general principle of ma- 1826.
ratime law, that probable cause will justify a ma- The Marianrine seizure, is not denied by the opposite coun- na Flora.
sel, and is impliedly conceded by the Court in its judgment, the whole scope of which goes upon
There was a decree of restitution, and the claimants appealed to the Lords for, costs and damages; the appeal was rejected, and the claimants condemned to pay the costs of the appeal. In the Cat, arinaElizabeth,(Acton, 309.) costs and damages were given by the Lords for carrying the captured vessel to an inconvenient port. In the Louis, (2 Dods. 210.) damages were refused by Sir V. Scott, although he held the seizure clearly illegal, it being a case of the first impression.
IL The rule on the subject of compelling the captors to proceed to adjudication, where the property is lost in their hands, is, that where the seizure is unjustifiable, the captor is answerable for every loss or damage. In cases ofjustifiable seizure, he is responsible for due diligence only, and is held to simple restitution in value.
The Carolina, (4 Rob. 255:) was a neutral ship which had been employed incarrying French troops to Egypt, dud was taken coming away. Had she been taken in actual delicto, she would have been liable to 'condemnation. The captors iwere held exempt, not only from costs and damages, but from restitution in value, the ship having been lost while in their possession by stress of weather. In the Williamz, (6 Rob. 316.) the original seizure was held justifiable, but restitution in value was decreed ior a loss occasioned by not taking a pilot on board, but no damages were given. Inthe" Der Mohr, (3 Rob. 129.) the original seizure was considered as justifiable, but the captor. were l.d responsible to make restitution in value (not for c),ots and dama.2es) on account of the loss of the vessel by the ignorant.e ,ad wilfiaoess of the prize master.
III: In g.neral, the captors are allowed the"i" exppnses and costs on restitution, whenever there is probable cause of capture. The Inmina, (3 Rob. 167.) The Princpe, (Ediv. 70.) Th& only exceptions to this rule are where theri has been some negligence or misconduct on the part of the captors. "There are a great number ,ifcases on this head, which.it was deemed unnecessary to cite.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. all inference of fact from the evidence, that there The Mlarian- was not probable cause of seizure, showing, that
nu Flora. if there had been, damages would -not have been given. In Little v. Bareme,a the Court did not deem it necessary to determine whether the probable cause afforded by the conduct of the captured vessel to suspect her of being an American, would exempt the captors from damages, because it was of opinion that had she been so, the seizure would still not have been warranted by the law. And the case of Maley v. Shattuck",' was the application of the ordinary principle of the Prize Court, that if the seizure is without probable cause, the captors are liable to make restitution, with costs and damages, even if the property be lost without their fault; .evidently implying, that if there had been probable cause for the original seizure, they would not have been so liable.

Mr. Webster, on tle same side, entered into a minute examination of the evidence, in order to show that the party, who was in fact the wrong doer, and the aggressor, now appeared before the Court in the character of a plaintiff, seeking redress for a supposed injury done to himself. It had been said, that the owners of the ship, and of the cargo, were not to be held responsible for the misconduct of the ma'ster. There were two answers to this objection; (1.) That it was not the captors who were seek-

' 2 Gran'"s Rep. 169.

b 3 CranchlsRe. 458,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ing to punish the owners, but the owners who 1826. were seeking compensation against the capSto. rs Thie Marian-for the consequences of the misconduct of their na Floa. own agent. (2.) That the universal principle, applied by Courts administering the law of nations, was to consider the thing taken in dlicto, as'responsible, whether it was the property of the master, or .of others. In cases of blockade, of contraband, of carrying enemy's property with false papers, of resistance to visitation and search, he is considered as the agent of the owner both of ship and cargo. So, also, the revenue laws, from the necessity of the case, regard him in that character, and subject the vessel and goods under his control to confiscation for his unlawful acts. In every case, until the innocent are separated from the guilty, until examination and regular adjudication canhe had, the law is compelled to regard the ship, and every thing on board, as belonging to the master.
It had also been contended, that though the original seizure might be justifiable, the captors were liable in costs and damages for not releasing the vessel after she was subdued and seized. But it was not pretended that Captain Stockton had authority to punish her himself; and, therefore, unless the Portuguese ship had, notwithstanding all that had happened, a clearright to go off with impunity, he had an unquestionable right to send her in for adjudication. If she had a right to pursue her voyage, she would have had the same right if the consequences of her aggression had been ever so calamitous; if she had

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR[
1826. crippled the Alligator, and destroyed half her'
The ,a'larian-c- rew. The actual consequences being less sena Flora. rious, do not affect the right, though they may the exercise of discretion. But we have nothing to do here with the question of military discretion. The captured vessel had made war. She had committed wfat was, primafacie, a piratical restraint and depredation. If unexplained, it was piracy. Whether it could be satisfactorily explained, or excused, was a question to be decided by the civil tribunals. It was nottoo much to say, that the captors had here something of a belligerant right. The act of Congress was not a mere municipal law; it was a prize ordinance. The seizure was not a mere municipal seizure. War against pirates existed, and the act was intended to define who should be treated as pirates. And, even if the Court should now be of opinion, that the captured vessel ought not, under all the circumstances, to be sent in, still the quesLion recurs, whether Captain Stockton might not. at that time, have thought otherwise. He was called on, suddenly, to decide and act on a question full of difficulties, and which has occasioned no little embarrassment to the civil tribunals, with all the advantages of a deliberate examination. Even with these advantages, the learned Judges of the Courts below have differed in their judgments upon it; and yet, it is now contended, that this naval commander was bound to be better instructed in the laws than those whose peculiar duty it is to study and expound them. Upon these grounds it was,. that Sir W. Scott

01' THE UNITED STATES.
,determined, in the case of the Louis," that it 1826. being a case primte impressionis, the captors The Marianwere exempt from costs and damages, although na Flora. the Court was clearly of opinion, that the seizure itself was unjustifiable, a right of search not existing in time of peace. A doubt respecting the true constructioh of the law, is as reasonable a ground for seizure, as a doubt respecting the facta But, here was doubt respecting both fact and law, and that doubt is not yet cleared up. The capture was made in repelling what appeared, at the time, to be-an act of piratical aggression. It has turned out not to be so, after a judicial examination. But, the question is, what it appeared to be recentifacto. It cannot be maintained, that an habitual course of piratical depredation is necessary to constitute the offence of piracy A single act of piratical aggression, -stimulated by revenge, or national prejudice, or wanton cruelty, would be sufficient. The act of Congress evidently supposes it, and is in conformity with the public law.
It had also been argued, that this was a municipal seizure, and that the vessel having been re.stored without a certificate of probable cause, costs and damages followed as a matter of course. But, it was insisted, that municipal seizures are for offences within our own territorial jurisdiction, or by our own citizens elsewhere. Here, the proceedings are under the law of nations; and, if found guilty, the property would be con-

.9 2 Dods. Rep. 210. 26,1.

b 5 Cranch'sRep. 311.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. demned, not for a municipal offence, but as prize, The -Ma~riafn- .and distributed as prize. And, even if it had
na Floxa. been a municipal seizure, it could not be admitted that such consequences would necessarily follow in every case, without regard to its circumstances. The true principle applicable to seizures of every kind was, that the party having a right to cruize, and bring in some vessels, if others so conduct as to give themselves the character of those who are liable to capture, they would be entitled to nothing but simple restitution. This is laid down in clear and satisfactory terms by Sir W. Scott. "The natural rule is, that if the party has been unjustly deprived of his property, he ougbt to be put as nearly as possible in the same state as he was before deprivation took place; technically speaking, he is entitled to restitution with costs and damage:,. This is the general rule; but, like all other general rules, it must be subject to modifications. If, for instance, any circumstances appear, which show'that the suffering ,party has himself furnished occasion for the capture; if he has, by his own conduct, in some degree contributed to the loss; then he is entitled to a somewhat less degree of compensation, to what is technically called simple restitution.",
Mr. Emmett, for the appellants, in reply, argued, that the second count in the libel filed in the Circuit Court, charging a hostile aggression, was inadmissible, as the original subject matter
a The Acteon, 2 ]?ode. Rep. 48.

OF THE UNITED STATEs.
of the suit was originally cognizable in the Dis- 1826. trict Court, (where the ship and cargo had been Th£'e Marianlacquitted from the original charge of a piratical na Flora. aggression,) And to allow such an amendment would be to institute an original, and *notan appellate proceeding, in the Circuit Court.
The appellants were entitled to damages as claimed. The capturing vessel derived her right under the municipal law. The piracy alluded to in the act of Congress is sea robbery. It is an act to protect commerce ; and the history of the times shows, that the great evil to be remedied was the. system of depredations on the ocean. They were, indebd, frequently accompanied with murder, and various other enormities. But these
were only subservient to the system of plunder, and intended only to facilitate or conceal the crimes of the offenders. The piracy referred to is, that by the law of nations, and not by any peculiar law of the United States.a And, even if our statutory piracy had been contemplated in this act, it would not apply to the present case. The Crimes Act of 1790, defines the piracy created by that statute to be " murder, or -robbery, gr any other offence, which, if committed within the body of a county, would, by the laws of the United States, be punishable with death." Now, as the firing by the Portuguese did no mischief,no offence *as committed, which, if committed on land, would be punishable with

a United States v. Smith, 5 Wheat. Rep. 153. United States

v. The Pirates, 5 Wheat. Rep. 184.

-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'1
1826. death. Besides, it has been determined, that The'M-ia-rian,- this section of the Crimes Act does not extend naFlora. to foreign vessels.a For the purposes of this
case, then, if not for the purposes of every case, it may be assumed, that the piratical aggression mentioned in the act of the 3d of March, 1819, c. 76. must be with intent to rob or plunder. Nor can the act affect the antecedent rights of other nations. It did not, and could not, create a state of war. Pirates are, indeed, called hostes humani generis; but the use of such metaphorical language is, often calculated to mislead, and to confound our ideas of legal rights. They are, indeed, public offenders, like the highway rob-. ber, but they are not public enemies so as to give those who cruize against them any of the rights of wai in respect to the subjects of friendly states who are not involved in their guilt. The act could not give to our own ships the-right of visitation and search, or any other belligerant rights, so far as respects foreign nations. It could not affect the pre-existing right of Portuguese subjects to maintain for themselves the privileges of a state of peace. Its utmost effect would be to impose on vessels of this country the obligation to submit *toexamination, and the seizures it authorizes must be regarded as strictly municipal. The commissioned vessel must, therefore, act on credible information, or on evidence it has of acts of piracy. A claim to exa-
a United States v. Palmer, 3 Wheat. Rep.610. United States v. Clintock, 5 Wheat. Rep. 144.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
mine or detain vessels of another nation on sus- 1826. picion, without information or evidence, would Te be as large as the belligerant right of search, na Flora. though under another name. If the commissioned vessel acts against a foreign vessel, it acts at its own peril, and (more especially when it-acts without information or evidence) must abide the consequences as to damages if it has acted erroneously. In captures jure belli, if there be probable cause, the captors are entitled, as of right, to an exemption from damages; but, in case of a municipal seizure, there must be some provision of positive law creating and defining the exemption. The party who seizes does it at his peril; ifcondemnation follows, he is justified ; if an acquittal, then he must make compensation,' unless he can protect himself under some statute.a
It has been said, that under this construction, the act would become a dead letter. The same was said in the case of the Louis, and the answer of Sir W. Scott to the objection is conclusive and pertinent to the present case.
But the objection is unfounded. The dangerous pirates are, for the most part, not difficult to distinguish. Their haunts, their iabits, their appearance, point them out; and though the commissioned officer acts at his own risk, yet if he act on those indicia, and on information and evidence, and stays his hand where he can find no trace or evidence of guilt, he 'incurs no real dan-
The Apollon, 9 1lheat. Rep. 372.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURI
1826. ger of being liable to damages; and, in any event, The Ma arian- may rely on the justice and liberality of his own naFlora. government for protection. This is also the
doctrine of the municipal law in analogous cases on land, both criminal and revenue proceedings.
One of the privileges of a state of peace, which the Portuguese have still a right to maintain for themselves, is the benefit of the principle, that on the high seas the merchantman is equal to the man-of-war. Each may protect itself according to its sense of expediency and necessity, and resist the doing of any thing by the other, as a right, which is not a right. If the man-of-war has no right to examine, the merchantman has a right to resist that examination. Even in war, a vessel navigating the ocean may, to a certain extent, draw a line of jurisdiction around itself. This is proved by the restrictions put on the right of search. It is said, indeed, that these are the result of treaty stipulations. But they -arethe result of a true interpretation of the law of nations, and have been recognised in treaties, because England had practically violated the right. A fortiori,in time of peace may every vessel draw a circle of jurisdiction around itself, and resist the exercise of that search and visitation which is not lawful in time of peace. It is upon this ground that Sir W. Scott held the doctrine, that if a neutral resist search, not knowing of the existence of a war, it isno ground of condemnation i and that still more recently he has
a The St; Juan Baptista, 5 Rob. Rep. 36.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
determined that the right of vigitation and 1826. search does not exist, and cannot be exercised The M/arianin time of peace.a Every ship navigating the na Flora.. ocean in time of peace may appropriate to her temporary use so much of it as is*necessary to her protection, consulting the equal rights of others. It is a right that will lie dormant, and never be exercised except upon real apprehension. When there is no apprehension of danger, the consent to approach will never be withheld. But the right to approach in invitum can never exist; and, both parties being independent and equal, each party is to judge for himself as to the extent "andreality of that danger. Unless this exclusive right of judgment is maintained, the approach of pirates could never be prevented, who frequently assume the flag of public ships, and fall upon their victims under this disguise.
The learned pounsel here argued upon the evidence to show, that upon a just application of these principles, the conduct of the Marianna Flora was perfectly justifiable. The first fault was committed by the Alligator in chasing, and not affirming her flag with a gun. This is the law of nations, and recognised as such by every naritime nation on the continent of Europe. The language of Azuni'on this subject is peculiarly appropriate to the present case. He says, "the fear of meeting with a pirate, andbeing the dupe of deceitful appearances, is the reason why

'Vo..XT.

a The Louis, 2 Dods. Rep. 210. 5

(ASES IN THE SUPRE41E COURT
1896. no credit is given to theflag of a vessel, though The Marian- a ship of war."a Had the flag been affirmed, in
na Flora, this instance, in the manner to which the Portuguese are accustomed, they would not have resisted the attempt to approach their vessel, and all the present consequences would have been avoided. They might also have been .avoided, by that deliberate and impartial examination, which it was Captain Stockton's duty to make, before he decided on sending in the ship for adjudication. It would have been his duty, even in war, to examine faithfully the ship's papers, and pay dtie respect to the evidence producecT.b But, it is said, that the usual documentary evidence would prove nothing, since it was not a question of proprietary interest or neutral character. TI e answer is, that the ship's papers would have Ehown, that the vessel, whom he treated as a pirate, Was an innocent merchantman; and that the cargo was not liable, by the act, to confiscation, even if the-vessel had been guilty of a piratical aggression. The 4th section of the act only subjects the vessel or boat to confiscation, and even that must be understood with the implication that they are the property of the wrong doers; for the master can never be considered as the owner even of the ship, so as to subject it to forfeiture for-his criminal acts, much less can he be considered as the owner of the cargo for such a pur-
a 2 Azud, 204. 602. c. 3. § S. b The Anna Maria, 2 Wheat. Rep. S27. 2 Azuni, 212. § S.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

pose. In the words of this Court, it may be said, that, "however general and comprehensive the
phrases used in our municipal laws may be, they must always be restricted in constructionto places and persons upon whom the legislature has authority and jurisdiction.Ila
Nor can it be maintained that here was an act of private unauthorized war committed by the Portuguese, which, being a violation of the law of nations, would subject the vessel, if taken in delicto, to confiscation. Private war .never gives the right of capture and confiscatio." That belongs to public war alone. In time of war, every violation of belligerant rights is followed by condemnation, because it is considered as evidence of enemy's property, which, by the laws of war, is transferred to the capturing power. But, in time of peace, to make every violation of the law of nations, however slight, produce the condemnation of property, however valuable, and belonging to innocent persons, would reduce the law of nations to the sweeping severity of Draco's code.
In this case, the sending in for adjudication has been- sought to be justified by hypothetical reasoning, grounded upon the supposition that lives might have been lost; and a learntb, discussion of the municipal law of homicide was entered into, to show, that if any of the Alligator's crew

1826.
na Flora

a The Apollon, 9 Wheat. Rep. 37. h Stewart's Vice 4dm. Rep. 301.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. had been killed, it would have been murder; T"h'e aMa~rian- and, then it is asked, whether it would not have na Flora. been Captain Stockton's duty to send in for trial,
for what would have been clearly piracy. But we are to deal with the case as we find it. No lives were, in fact, lost; no injury done to the vessel. It was nothing but the offence of firing, and in self-defence, against a vessel that turned out to be a public ship of war, but which did not at first manifest her character in the mode to which the Portuguese had been accustomed. Was it possible to suppose that such an act could produce the confiscation of the cargo belonging to innocent owners, or of the ship, the owner of which was equally innocent? It was at most a marine trespass, cognizable in the Courts of the offender, because it was not a case of war, nor to be determined by the law of war; or if there were a doubt whether there was any thing of national. insult in it, it might be a fit subject to be represented to this government for diplomatic discussion. But, after the ship and cargo were brought in; and it was ascertained that she could not be subjected to confiscation, why were they detained and proceeded against as if captured jure belli? Here are a series of wrongs, for which they who suffer damage must look for compensation to him whom the law considers as the wrong doer, although many of them were the acts of his agents, and done in his absence. They do not seek vindictive damages, but simple compensation only. The long list of cases which

OF THE UNITED STATEt.
has been arrayed against us cannot furnish a rule 1826. for a seizure, which was not made jure belli, but The Mtarianwhich (ifto be justified at all) must be considered na Flora. as having been made in.execution of a municipal statute. Will probable cause, even if it existed, furnish a defence in such a case ? That is not the law of Hoyt v. Gelston,a which was a seizure under an act of Congress, and where there was probable cause, though it was not certified by the Court according to the statute. Is it the law of any case where the wrong doer acts under municipal laws on his own responsibility? Is it the law to be collected from the cases of the Acteon,b of Murray v. The Charming Betsey,° of Little v. Bareme,d of the Jeune JEugenie,eor even of the Louis P In fhe last case, indeed, damages were refused, because it was prime impressionis -a case ofs(,ne doubt and difficulty as to the new construction of the law of nations, and the application of the French decree respecting the slave trade, and the parties seeking damaigseosld,waenrde" stained with crime. But here the law well settled; and nothing but the ofince is of novel impression. The parties are innocent; and the very. novelty of the offence ought more certainly to secure its punishment.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the March 2oth.

a 13 Johns. Rep. 141. 561. b 2 Dods. Rep, 48. 52. d 2 Cranch'sRep. 170.
f 2 Dods. Rep. uo.

3 Wheat. Rep. 246. c 2 Cranch'sRep. 125. e 2 111ason's Rep. 409. 439.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. Court, and after stating the pleadings, proceeded

The aMnarian- as follows:

naFlora. An objection, which is preliminary in its na-

Amendm. ent ture, has been taken to the admissibility of this

the pleadings new count to the libel, filed in the Circuit Court,

by adding a

new count
tim libel.

to upon

the

ground,

that the

original

subject

matter

was exclusively cognizable in the District Court;

and to allow this amendment would be to insti-

tute an original, and not an appellate inquiry il the Circuit Court. But the objection itself is

founded on a mistaken view of the rights and authorities of appellate Courts of admiralty. It

is the common usage, and admitted doctrine of such Courts, to permit the parties, upon the ap-

peal, to introduce new allegations, and new

proofs, non allegata allegare, et non probata

probare. The Courts of the United States, in the exercise of appellate jurisdiction in admiralty

causes, are, by law, authorized to proceed accord-

ing to the course of proceedings in Admiralty

Courts. It has been the constant habit of the

Circuit Courts, to allow amendments of this na-

tare in cases where public justice, and the sub-

stantial merits; required them ; and this practice

has not only been incidentally sanctionpd in this Court; but on various occasions in the exercise

of its own final appellate jurisdiction, it has re-

manded causes to the Circuit Court, with direc-

tions to allow new counts to be filed. We may, then, dismiss any farther discussion- of this ob-

jection, and proceed to the main questions in

controversy. [Here the learned judge recqapitu-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

lated the facts of the case as they have been be-' 1826.

fore stated.]

The Marian-

In considering the circumstances, the Court naFlora,

has no difficulty in deciding, that this is not aNot acW Of case of a piratical aggression, in the sense of t-he-- pgrireastsiicoanl un-dger-

act of Congress. The Portuguese ship,· thou.ogTh tghreesasc.tofCanz armed, was so for a purely defensive mercantile

purpose. She was bound homewards with a va-

luable cargo on board, and could have no motive

to engage in any piratical act or enterprise. It

is true, that she made a meditated, and, in a sense,

a hostile attack, upon the Alligator, with the

avowed intention of repelling her approach, or

of crippling or destroying her. But, there is no

reason to doubt, that *this attack was not made

with a piratical or felonious intent, or for the pur-

pose of wanton plunder, or malicious destruction

of property. It was done upon a mistake of the

facts, under the notion of just self-defence,

against what the master very imprudently deem-

ed a piratical cruizer. The combat was, there-

fore, a combat on mutual misapprehension; and

it ended without any of those calamitous conse-

quences to life which might have brought very

painful considerations before the Court.

It has, indeed, been argued at the bar, thatTtheneds actto feo. .

even if this attack had been a piratical aggres-re vese

sion, it would not have justified the capture and

sending in of the ship for adjudice ion, because

foreign ships are not to be governed by our mu-

nicipal regulations. But the act of Corgress is decisive on this subject. It not only authorizes a

capture, but a condemnation in our Courts, for

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. such aggressions; and whatever may be the re-

The M~aarian- sponsibility incurred by the nation to foreign

na Flora. powers, in executing such laws, there can be no

doubt that Courts of justice are bound to obey

and administer them.

Not a case of The other count, which seeks condemnation

hostile aggtes-
,ion for which On the ground of an asserted

hostile

aggression,

ntphreoperty admits of a similar answer. It proeeeds upon

to is subject to the principle, that, for gross violations of the

confiscation by

the law of ns- law of nations on the high seas, the penalty of

tions.

confiscation may be properly inflicted upon'the

offending property. Supposing the general rule to be so in ordinary cases of property taken in
delicto, it is not, therefore, to be admitted, that every offence, however small, however done under a mistake of rights, or for purposes wholly defensive, is to be visited with such harsh punishments. Whatever 'may be the case, where a gross, fraudulent, and unprovoked attack, is made by one vessel upon another upon the sea, which is attended with grievous loss or injury, such effects are not to be attributed to lighter faults, or common negligence. It may be just, in such cases, to award to the injured party full compensation for his actual loss and damage ; but the infliction of any forfeiture beyond this does not seem to be pressed by any considerations de-
rived from public law. Pirates may, without doubt, be lawfully cap-
tured on the ocean by the public or private ships of every nation; for they are, in truth, the common enemjies of all mankind, and, as such, are
liable to the extreme rights of war. And apira-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tical aggression by an armed vessel sailing un- 1826,

der the regular flag of any nation, may be justlyT a

1..'2

Th6 arian

subjected to the penalty of confiscation for such na Flora,.

a gross breach of the law of nations. But .every

hostile attack, in a time of peace, is not neces-

sarily piratical. It may be by mistake, or in ne-

cessary self-defence, or to repel a supposed medi-

tated attack by pirates. It may be justifiable,

and then no blame attaches to the act; or, it may

be without just excuse, and then it carries re-

sponsibility in damages. *If it proceed farther,

if it be an attack from revenge and malignity,

from gross abuse of power, and a settled purpose

of mischief, it then assumes the character of a

private unauthorized war, and may be pdnished

by all the penalties which the law of nations can

properly administer.

These latter ingredients are entirely 'vanting

in.the case before us ; and, therefore, if the ques-

tion of forfeiture were now in judgment, we

should have no doubt, either upon the act of Con-

gress, or the general law, thaf it ought.not to be

enforced.

But, in the present posture of this cause, the

libellants are no longer plaintiffs. The claim-

ants interpose for damages in their turn, and have

assumed the character of actors. They qontend

thatthey are entitled to damages, first, because the

conduct of Lieutenant Stockton, in the approach

and seizure of the'Marianna Flora, was unjusti-

fiable ; and, secondly, because, at all events, the

subsequent sending her in for adjudication was

without any reasonable cause.

VOL. XI.

6

(ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. In considering these points, it is necessary to

T\i.he

iaMarian-

ascertain

what

are

the

rights

and

duties

of

arm-

ra Flora. ed, and other ships, navigating the ocean in time

Rights and d.- of peace. It is admitted, that the right of visita-

ties of arme, tion

and

other .

and

search

does not,

under

such

circum-

ships, naviga- stances, belong to the public ships of any nation.

ting the ocean

in time of This right is strictly a belligerant right, allowed

Peace.

by the general consent of nations in time of war,

and limited to those occasions. It is true, that it

has bEen held in the Courts of this country, that

American ships, offeiding against our laws, and

foreign ships, in like manner, offending within

our jurisdiction, may, afterwards, be pursued and

seized upon the ocean, and rightfully brought

into our ports for adjudication. This, however,

has never been supposed to draw after it any

right of visitation or search. The party, in such

case, seizes at his peril. If he establishes the

forfeiture, he is justified. If he fails, he must

make full compensation in damages.

Upon the ocean, then, in time of peace, all

possess afi entire equality. It is the common

highway of all, appropriated to the use of all;

and no one can vindicate to* himself a superior

or exclusive prerogative there. Every ship sails

there with the unquestionable right of pursuing

her own lawful business without interruption;

but, whatever may be that business, she is bound

to pursue it in such a manner as not to violate

the rights of others. The general 'Maxim in

such cases is, sic utere tuo, ut non alienum

icedas.

It has been argued, that no ship has a right to

OF THE UNITED STATES.
approach another at sea; and that every ship 1826. has a right to draw round her a line of jurisdic-,rao tion, within which no other is at liberty to intrude. na Flora. In short, that she may appropriate so much of the ocean asshe may deem necessary for her protection, and prevent any nearer approach.
This doctrine appears to us novel, and is'not supported by any authority. It goes to establish upon the ocean a territorial jurisdiction, like that which is claimed by all nations within cannon shot of their shores, in virtue of their general sovereignty. But the latter right is founded upon the principle o" sovereign and permanent appropriation, and has never been successfully asserted' beyond it. Every vessel undoubtedly has a right to the use of so much of the ocean as she occupies, and as is essential to her own movements. Beyond this, no exclusive right has ever yet been recognised, and we see no reason for admitting its existence. Merchant ships are in the constant habit of approaching each other on the ocean, either to relieve their own distress, to procure information, or to ascertain the character of strangers; and, hitherto, there has never been supposed in such conduct any breach of the customary observances, or of the strictest principles of the law of nations. In respect to ships of war sailing, as in the present case, under the authority of their government, to arrest pirates, and other public offenders, there is no reason why they may not approach any vessels descried at sea, for the purpose of.ascertaining their real characters. Such a right seems

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. indispensable for the fair and discreet exercise

T"he.Ma-ria-n- of their authority; and the use of it cannot be na Flora. justly deemed indicative of any design to insult or

injure those they approach, or to impede them in theii lawful' commerce. On the other hand, it is as clear, that no ship is, under such circumstances, bound to lie by, or wait the approach of any other ship. She is at full liberty to pursue her voyage in her own way, and to use all necessary precautions to avoid any suspected sinister enterprise or hostile attack. She has a right to colisult her own safety; but, at the same time, she must take care not to violate the rights of others. She may use any .precautions dictated by the prudence *or fears of her officers; either as to delay, or the progress or course of her voyage; but she is not at liberty to inflict injuries upon

other innocent parties, simply because of conjec. tural dangers. These principles seem to us the natural result of the common duties and rights of nations navigating the ocean in time of peace. Such a state of things carries with it very different obligations and responsibilities from those which b'elong to public war, and is not to be con-

founded with it. Wconhdeuthcetrof tthiehe The first inquirer, then, isw, hether the conduct captor was of Lieutenant Stockton was, under all the cir-

sesiiuzbidnugilutghevaeusd-.cumstances preceding and attending the combat,

Ade

justifiable. There is no pretence to say that be

coriimitted the first aggression. That, beyond

'all question, was on the part of the Marianna

Flora-; and her firing was persisted in after the

Alligator had hoisted her national flag, and, of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

course, held out a signal of her real pacific character. What, then, is the excuse for this hostile attack? Was it occasioned by any default or misconduct on the part of the Alligator ? It is said, that the Alligator had no right to approach the Marianna. Flora, and that the mere fact of approach authorized the attack. This is what the Court feels itself bound to deny. Lieutenant Stockton, with a view to the objects of his cruize, had just as unquestionable a right to use the ocean, as the Portuguese ship had; and his right of approach was just as perfect as her right of flight. But, in point of fact, Lieut6nant Stockton's approach was not from mere motives of public service, but was occasioned by the acts of the Marianna Flora. He was steering on a course which must, in a short time, have carried him far away from her. She lay to, and showed a signal ordinarily indicative of distress. It was so understood, and, from motives of humanity, the course was changed, in order to afford the necessary relief. There is not a pretence in the whole evidence, that the lying to was not voluntary, and was not an invitation of some sort. The whole reasoning on the part of the'claimants is, that it was for the purpose of meeting a supposed enemy by day light, and, in this way, to avoid the difficulties of an engagement in the night. But how was this to be known on board of the Alligator ? How was it to be known that she was a Portuguese ship, or that she took the Alligator for a pirate, or that her object in'laying to was a defensive operation? When the vessels

1826.
na Flora.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. were within reach of each other, the first salutaT%heaMa1-arian- tion from the ship was a shot fired ahead, and, at na Flora. the sa.me time, no national flag appeared at the
mast-head. The ship was armed, appeared full of men, and, from her manoeuvres, almost necessarily led to the supposition, that her previous conduct was a decoy, and that she was either a piratical vessel, or, at least, in possession of pirates. Under such circumstances, with hostilities already proclaimed, Lieutenant Stockton was certainly not bound to retreat; and, upoln his advance, other guns, loaded with shot, were fired, for the express purpose of destruction. It was, theh, a case of open, meditated hos ility, and this, too, without any national flag displayed by the Portuguese ship, which might tend to correct the error, for she never hoisted her flag until the surrender. What, then, was Lieutenant Stockton's duty? In our view it was plain, it was to oppose force to force; to attack and to subdue the vessel thus prosecuting unauthorized warfare upon his schooner and crew. In taking, therefore, the readiest means to accomplish the object, he acted, in our opinion, with entire legal propriety. He was not bound to fly, or to wait until he was crippled. His was not a case of mere remote danger, but of imminent, pressing, and present danger. He had the flag of his country to maintain, and the rights of his cruizer to vindicate. To have hesitated in what his duty to his government called for on such an occasion, would have been to betray (what no honourable

OF THE UNITED STATES.

officer could be supposed to indulge) an indiffe.- 1826.

rence to its dignity and sovereignty.

The Mlarian-

But, it is argued, that Lieutenant Stockton na Flora..

was bound to have affirmed his national flag by

an appropriate gun; that this is a customary ob-

servance at sea, and is universally understood as

indispensable to prevent mistakes and misadven-

tures ; and that the omission was such a default

on his part, as places him in delicto as to all the

subsequent transactions. This imputation cer-

tainly comes with no extraordinary grace from

the party by whom it is now asserted. If such

an observance be usual and necessary, why was

it not complied with on the part of the Marianna

Flora ? Her commander asserts, that by the

laws of his own country, as well as those of

France and Spain, this is a known and positive

obligation on all armed vessels, which they are

not at liberty to disregard. Upon what ground,

then, can he claim an exemption from perform-

ing it? Upon what ground can he set up as a

default in another, that which he has wholly

omitted to do on his own part? His own duty

was clear, and pointed out; and yet he makes

that a matter of complaint against the other side,

which was confessedly a primary default in him-

self. He not only did not hoist or affirm his flag

in the first instance, but repeatedly fired at his

adversary with hostile intentions, without exhi-

biting his own national character at all. He

left, therefore, according to his own view of the

law, his own duty"unperformed, and fortified, as

against himself, the very inference, that his ship

48

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. might properly be deemed, under such eircuni\." '- stances, a piratical cruizer.
The Marian-
na Flora. But, we are not disposed to admit, that there

How far the exists any such universal rule or obligation of an

ride or prag- gnchsbena-h
tice of affirm affirmi gun, as has been suggested at thebar.

It

ing the flg may be the law of-the maritime states of the Euro-

with a gun, is .

a part of the pean continent already alluded to, founded in their

awofnations.

own usages or positive regulations. But, it does

not hence follow, that it is binding upon all other

nations. It was admitted, at the argument, that the English practice is otherwise; and, surely, as a maritime power, England deserves to be lis-

tened to with as much respect, on such a point, as any bther nation.. It was justly inferred, that the practice of America is conformable to that

of England; and the- absence of any counter proof on the record, is almost of itself decisive.

Such, however, as the practice is, even among the

continental nations of Europe, it is a practice

adopted with reference to a state of war, rather

than peace. It may be a useful precaution to

prevent conflicts between neutrals, and allies, and

belligerants, and even between armed ships of the same nation. But the very necessity of the

precaution in time of war arises from circumstances, which -do not ordinarily occur in time of

general peace. Assuming, therefore, that the

ceremony might be salutary and proper in periods of war, and suitable to its exigencies, it by

no means follows, that it is justly to be insisted

on at the peril. of costs and damages in peace. In any view, therefore, we do not think this omis-

-ion can avail the claimants.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Again; it is argued, that there is a general 1826. obligation upon armed ships, in exercising the Tihe Marianright of visitation and search, to keep at a dis' naFlora.

tance, out of cannon shot, id to 3 nean them- inow frthe selves in such a manner as not to enuanger neu--lcaownv, einntiroesnpaelct

trals. And this objection, itis added, has been spe- tothe manoner

cially provided for, and enforced by the stipula- the right ofvi-

tions

of many

of our

own

treatie· s

with

foreign

paow-sepalriccahb,le

is to

apthis

ers. It might be a decisive answer to this argu- cas..

ment, that, here, no right of visitation and soarch

was attempted to be exercised. Lieutenant

Stockton did not claim to be a belligerant, enti-

tled to search neutrals on the ocean. -His com-

mission was for other oLjects." He did not ap-

proach or subdue the Marianna Flora, in order

to compel her to submit to his search, but with

other motives. He took possession of her, not because she resisted the right of search, but be-

cause she attacked him in a hostile manner, with-

out any reasonable cause or provocation. Doubtless, the obligation of treaties is to be

observed with entire good faith, and scrupulous

care. But, stipulations in treaties having sole

reference to the exercise of the rights of bellige-

rants in time of war, cannot, upon any reasona-

ble principles of construction, be applied to go-

vern cases exclusively of another natur6, and be-

longing to a state of peace. Another considera-.

tion, quite sufficient to establish that such stipu-

lations cannot be applied in aid of the present

case, is, that whatever may be our duties to other

nations, we have no such treaty subsisting with

VOL. XI.

7

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT'
1826. Portugal. It will scarcely be pretended, that we The Marian- are bound to Portugal by stipulations to which
na Flora. she is no party, and by which she incurs no correspondent obligation. Upon the whole, we are of opinion, that the conduct of Lieutenant Stockton, in approaching, and, ultimately, in subduing the Marianna Flora, was entirely justifiable. The first wrong was done by her, and his own subsequent acts were a just defence and vindication of the rights and honour of his country.
Whether the The next in.quiry is, whether the act of send-
act of sending
in for acjudi-ig in the Marianna Flora for adjudication, was,
cation subject-
c,' the captorunder all the circumstances, unjustifiable, so as
to costs and
damages. to carry with it responsibility in damages. It is argued, that, upon examination of the
ship's papers, the crew, and the cargo, it must clearly have appeared, that the ship was a merchant ship bound on a lawful voyage, and not a piratical cruizer. This state of the case must be admitted to have been apparent. But the real difficulty is of another sort. Her papers, and cargo, and destination, could give no information of the nature of the attack made upon the Alligator. However hostile, malignant, or even piratical, the aggression might be, the papers could shed no light upon the subject. The owners of the cargo, and the owners of the ship, (so far at least as their duties and responsibilities were not bound up by the acts of the master, as their agent,) might be innocent; the voyage might be of a purely mercantile character, and yet, acts of aggression might be committed,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
which might bring the case completely within 1826. the act of Congress, or of the general ·law of The Marian, nations, as a gross and violent injury, calling for na Flora. ample redress. The real duty imposed upon Lieutenant Stockton was, not to examine the papers, unless so far as they might explain doubtful circumstances, but to ascertain the nature, object, and intent, of the attack upon his vessel.
He was bound to exercise an honest and fair discretion on the subject, and to obtain such explanations as might guide his judgment. What was the excuse offered for the attack upon him ? It was not that the guns were fired by*mistake or accident. They were admitted to have been by authority and design. They were fired after his own flag was displayed, and With the express intention of disabling the vessel and destroying the -rew. The only excuse offered for this unjustifiable act was, that the commander entertained a fear that the Alligator was a pirate. But, such a fear, unauthorized by any acts on ,the other side, was no excuse for a wrong which might have led to the rhosf fatal consequences. If the Alligator had been seriously injured, or any of her crew had been killed, no doubt could exist, that, under such circumstances, the ship ought to have been sent in for adjudication, to enforce redress, and, also, to administer, 'if necessary, punishment. The attack was not the less inexcusable because the comequenees were not as injurious as the master intended.
It is a different thing to sit in judgment upon A is case, after full legal investigations, aided by

52

CAS .. IN THE SUPREME COUR'I

1826. the regular evidence of all parties, and to draw
The rM~arian- conclusions at sea, with very imperfect means of na Flora. ascertaining facts and principles, which ought to direct the judgment. It would be a harsh judgment to declare, that an officer charged with high and responsible duties on the part of his government, should exercise the discretion intrusted to him at the peril of damages, because a Court of law might ultimately decide, that he might well have exercised that discretion another way. If Lieutenant Stockton had acted with gross negligence or malignity, and with. a wan-
ton abuse of power, there might be strong grounds on which to rest this claim of damages. But, it is conceded on all sides, and in this opinion the Court concurs, that he acted with honourable motives, and from a sense of duty to his govern-
ment. He thought theaggression was piratical, and that it was an indignity to the national flag, utterly inexcusable. The view now taken by this Court, in respect to the whole case, upon a full examination of all the, facts, is certainly somewhat different. It leads us to say, that Lieutenant Stockton might, without justly incurring the. displeasure of his government, have released the ship, not because she had done no wrong, but because the wrong was not of such a
nature as called for vindictive redress. But, tho question upon which damages must
depend, is not whether he might not have released the ship, but, whether he was, at all events, bound so to do; and whether that obligation

OF THE UNITED STATES.

was so imperative, that the omission ought to be 1826.

visited with damages.

The Marian-

We are, then, to consider the real difficulties naFlora.

of Lieutenant Stockton's situation. An attack

had been made upon a national ship under his

command without cause. It was a hostile act, an

indignity to the nation, and a trespass upon its

rights and sovereignty. It was not an acciden-

tal, but a meditated act; not necessarily carrying

own excuse along with it, but susceptible of

dilferent interpretations. It was not.-an affair in

which lie was .at liberty to consult his own wishes

or honour merely, although a brave and distin-

guished officer might naturally feel some solici-

tude to preserve his high reputation untarnished

in the eyes of his government. He was bound

to look to the rights of his country. He might

well hesitate in assuming the arbitration of na-

tional wrongs. He might well feel a scrupulous

delicacy in undertaking to waive any claim which

the government had authority to enforce, or to

defeat any redress which it might choose to seek,

or to prevent any inquiries which, through its

established tribunals, it might think fit to insti-

tute,'in respect to his conduct, or that of the of-

fending vessel. Considerations of this natiure

could not but weigh heavily upon th mind of a

gallant officer; and they are not unfit to be enter-

tained by this Court in forming its own judg-

ment.

It is, also, farther to be observed, that the case

was confessedly new in its character and circum-

.stances. The researches of counsel throughout

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUR'I
1826. the progress of this protracted controversy, have °.Thne M~aiian- not discovered any case, which, iii point of law, na .lora. can govern this. If it is new here, it may well be
deemed to have been new and embarrassing to Lieutenant Stockton. In such a case, it is not matter of surprise, that he should come to the conclusion that it was not proper to take upon himself the responsibility of a final decision; but to confide the honour of the nation, as well as the rights of the other party, to judicial decision. No inference is attempted to be drawn, that his acts were intentionally oppressive and harsh ; and it would be going a great way to declare, that an exercise of honest discretion, in a case of wrong on the other side, ought to draw after it the penalty of damages. Amangaelosgyogfidvaen- There is another more general consideration, for detentionwhllh is entitled to great weight in this case. In
on captures
urwc belli. cases of capture, strictly so called, no decision has been cited, in which, if the capture itself was justifiablej the subsequent detention foF adjudication has ever been punished by damages. As far as counsel have examined, or our own researches extend, no such principle has ever been established. The present case stands upon a strong analogy, and to inflict damages would be to desert that analogy. Even in cases of marine torts, independent of prize, Courts of admiralty are in the habit of giving or withholding damages upon 6nlarged principles. of justice and equity, and have not circumscribed themselves within the positive boundaries of mere municipal law. They have exercised. a conscientious discretion

OF THE UNITED STATES.

upon the subject. A pdrty, v*ho is in delicto, 1826.

ought

to

make

a
t3

strong

case,

to

entitle

himself

to The Mr ian-

general relief.

na Flora.

The case of the Louis, (2 Dodson's Rep. 210.) co of the

is a striking example in illustration of these re-sons qd, marks. There, a French slave ship' was, in a Rep. 210.)

time of peace, taken possession of by an English

armed cutter, after a sharp engagement, in which

several men were killed on both sides. The ship

was carried into Sierra Leone for adjudication,

and, subsequently, the cause came before the

High Court of Admiralty upon appeal. The de.-

cision pronounced by Lord Stowell appears to

have been made after very full consideration,

and is exlrunded in his most elaborate manner.

He decid.'d, that the original seizure was totally

unjustifiable; and that, even if the slave trade

was prohibited by the French laws, (which, he

thought, it was not,) still, it was not for English

cruizers to claim a right of search, or to seize

such vessels to enforce those laws. He, there-

fore pronounced a decree of restitution. But

he denied damages and costs to the claimant. -His

language on that occasion was, " Upon the mat-

ter of costs and damages, that have been pray-

ed, I must observe, that it is the first case of the

kind, and that the question itself is prine im-

pressionis; and that, upon both grounds, it is not

the inclination of the Court to inflict such a cen-

sure." Here, then, we have a case of an ac-

knowledged .maritime trespass, accompanied with

circumstances of immediate and fatal injury, in

which the original wrong travelled along with.

tASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. and infected the whole'subsequent proceedings; The Mrarian- and yet the Court, on account of its being the first
naFlora. instance, and of the novelty of the question, deemed it a conscientious exercise of its discretion not to award damages. The case before this Court is also of the first occurrence, and the question is entirely new in its presentation. It has this striking fact, in which it is most favourably distinguished from the' Louis, that the original seizure was justifiable, and if the intent of piratical aggression had been established, condemnation must have ensued. If, then, this Court should, under these circum-
stances, award damages, it would take a new step, never known to have been taken before by a Court of admiralty. It would desert the analogy of-cases of justifiable capture in matters of prize, and introdude a rule harsh and severe in a case- of first impression, whose bearing and character have engaged the bar and bench in several most laborious discussions, and inflict upon an honest. exercise of discretion, a punishment which has been denied, in the Louis, to an inexcusable wrong,Oa:suesivenlyot ex- There are one or two other suggestions which
co-
nizable in the were urged in the argument, that ought not to
tribunals of
Pobtugal. e passed over in silence. It is said, that the tort, if it ,ought to be redressed at all by a proceeding in rem, was exclusively cognizable in the Courts of Portugal. We are not aware of any principle upon which this pooition can be legally maintained. There is no more reason why the Courts of Portugal should bold exclu..

OF THE UNITED STATES.

sive jurisdiction upon this case, than the Courts 1826. of this country. We see no difficulty in support- The.Alarimning the jurisdiction as concurrent in both nations. na Flora.

But, if there be any choice, it seems more properly to belong to the country of the injured,

than of the offending, party.

It is also said, that, at all events, the argo

x'as not liable to coiademnation, even if the offending vessel was liable- under the act of Con-

gress.. Probably this is true in respect to that act. But tlie second count embraces -a wider

range ; and if it had been proved in its aggravated 3xtent, -it does not necessarily follow, that the

cargo ought to be exempted. That is a ques-. tion which would require grave deliberation. Iotf actHoofwthfeamr athseis, in general, true, that the act of the master Oter binds the the vessel does not bind the innocent owner of v of the the cargo ; but the rule is not- of universal appli-

cation. And where the master is also agent of

the owner of the cargo, or both ship and cargo belong to the same person, a distinction may,

perhaps, arise, in the principle of decision. But,

however this may be, in the present case, if the vessel was sent in for adjudication, the cargo must, of necessity, accompany her; nor could

its particular ownership be fully ascertained,

until the examinations of the crew were, regularly taken. There is no evidence in this case

to show, that at any subsequent period it was desirable, or could have been advantageous to the claimants, to have separated the ship and

VOL. XF.

8

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. cargo, and to have instituted a new voyage for T,i,le -3v1a-iian.- the latter under other auspices.
na Flora. In the Dist. ict Court, an allowance was made daQmtatgesetsion foorfof five hundred dollars, distributable among the po j- crew, on account of their confinement on the pasris to tho caP- sage to Boston, upon the ground, that the send-
tircd crew.
ing in of the vessel was wrongful. That award was reversed in the Circuit Court; and no appeal was taken by the crew, as, indeed, none could be, on account of the insufficiency of the sum to entitle the parties in interest to appeal. It is only necessary, therefore, to state, that that matter is not now before this Court; and, it. is to be presumed, that the confinement was such only as was indispensable for the safety of the seizors.
Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the Court, that the decree of the Circuit Court ought to be affirmed, and it is, accordingly, affirmed, without costs to either party.
Decree accordingly.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. grant, which interferes with that of the plainGoverneur's tiffs. His third possession is contained within
Heirs Rowan's first grant, which interferes with the Robertson. plaintiff's grant as has already been stated. All
these possessions, being founded on glants, are protected by.the act of limitations, the provisions of which are too plain to be misunderstood.
On this point, the opinion of the Circuit Court is reversed, and a venirefaciasde novo awarded."
[ALimi. LocAL LAW.]
DoE, ec dem. GOVERNEUR'S Heirs, against Ro.BERTSON and Others.
An alien may lake real property, by grant, whether from the State or a private citizen, aind may hold the same until his title is devested by an inquest of office, or some equivalent proceeding.
The act of Assembly of Virginia of 1779, c. 15. s. S. secured from jescheat all the interest acquired by aliens in real property, previous to the issuing of the patent, and left the rights acquired by them under the patent, to be determined by the general principles of the common law.
The title of an alien thus acquired by patent in 1734, under the laws of Virginia, and subsequently confirmed to him by a legislative act of Kentucky in 1796, and to his heirs, and their grantees, by an act of the same State in 1799, will overreach a grant made by Virginia to a citizen in 1785, and defeat the claim 'of all persons holding under such grant.
These legislative acts were valid, under the compact of 1789, between the States of Virginia and Kentucky.
a Vide agte, Somerville v. Hamilton, Vol. IV. p. 230. Jatton v. Eaton, Vol. 1. p. 476. M'Iver v. Ragan, Vol. I. p. 25. M'lung v. Ross, Vol. V. p. 116. Walker Y. Turner, Vol. IX. P. 541.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
THIS was an action of ejeetment brought in 1826. the Circuit Court of Kentucky, in which the les- Governeur'ssors of. the plaintiff gave in evidence a .patent Heirs from the Commonwealth of Virginia, for the Robertsdn. lands in controversy, lying in Kentucky, to Robertus S. Brantz, then an alien, bearing date the l1th of October, 1784, founded on a landoffice treasury warrant. They also gave in evidence a certificate of naturalization of the said Brantz, in the State of Maryland, on the 8th of November, 1784, and an act-of the legislature of Kentucky, passed in 1796, entitled, "An act for the relief of Robertus Samuel Brantz," which recited that he was an alien when the patent issued ; confirmed his estate as fully as if he had been a citizen at the time -of the grant, with a proviso, that nothing in the act should affect the right or title of any other person or persons, but only " the right which this Commonwealth may have itt,he said lands." The said Robertus S. Brantz died in 1797, leaving a 'son, Johannes Brantz, an alien, incapable of inheriting the lands. An act of the legislature of Kentucky, passed December 9th, 1799, reciting that Robertus S. Brandtz had departed this life indebted to Isaac and Nicholas Governeur; that Johannes Brantz, his son and executor, and an alien, made a power of attorney to the said N. G. to sell the lands of the said R. S. B., for the payment of the debt, which sale had been made; therefore, " all the right which the said R. S. B. had, before, ,andat his death," and the right of the said Johannes B. was declared to be vested in

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. the said I. and N. Governeur, " as fully as if t",e Govnerneur's said Robertus S. B. had done in his lifetime, or
Heirs as if the said Johannes B. had been a naturalized
V.
Robertson. citizen when he executed the power of attorney for the sale and conveyance of the said lands." The defendants claimed title under a grant of the Commonwealth of Virginia, dated the 2d of December, 1785, to one Duncan Rose, and proved a regular derivation of title from him. The plaintiffs thereupon moved the Court to instruct the jury, that if they found that the grants to R. S. Brantz covered the lands in controversy, that the lessors of the plaintiff duly derive title under N. and I. Governeur, and that R. S. Brantz neither conveyed nor devised those lands, and left no heirs capable of inheriting them, and that the defendants were in possession at the commencement of this suit, that the verdict should be for the plaintiff. The defendants moved the following i!,structions : 1. That if the jury find, from the evidence, that Rob6rtus S. Brantz was an alien at the time when the patent given in evidence was procured by him, that nothing passed to him by said grant, but that it was void. 2. That if Robertus S. Brantz died, leaving his son an alien, and having no relations who were citizens of the United States, or of any of the States, then, upon his death without heirs, the title, if ithad passed .out of the Commonwealth by the patent, was immediately vested in the Commonwealth ; and if the grant to Duncgn

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Rose, from the Commonwealth of Virginia, in- 1826. cludes the land in controversy, then the -act of oeneur's Kentucky, granting the land to N. and I. Gover- Heirs
V.
neur, cannot, under the articles of the compact Robertson. between Virginia and Kentucky, overreach the grant to Duncan Rose from the Commonwealth of Virginia; and they ought to find for the defendants.
3. That the plaintiff, showing no title or connexion with Rob~rtus S. Brantz, but through and by virtue of the act of Kentucky, given in evidence by plaintiff, such grant from Kentucky is, by virtue of the 3d and 5th articles of the compact with Virginia, of inferior dignity, and inoperative to overreach the grant by the State of Virginia to Duncan Rose.
4. That the acts of Kentucky of 1796 and 1799, given in evidence by the plaintiff, being in pari inatcria,are to be taken together ; that the latter act is explained by the former, and by operation of said two acts, and of the said compact between Virginia and Kentucky, the title of the plaintiff, as offered in evidence by him, is younger in date, and inferior in dignity, and cannot overreachthe grant to Duncan Rose, so far as those grants conflict.
5. That if they find that the grant to'Duncan Rose, given in evidence, includes the land held thereundeit, by the defendants, then the grant of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, in the act given in evidence by the plaintiff, is the junior and inferior claim of title, and the jury ought to find for the defendants.

336

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. The Judges of the Circuit Court being divided
(Goyeerneur's..in opinion upon the instructions moved, the diHeirs vision was certified to this Court.
V.
Robertson.
Feb. Md. The counsel for the plaintiff made the following points: 1. That Robertus S. Brantz, both at common law, and by the special provisions of the act of Virginia of 1779, c. 13. s. 3. upon his naturalization, took and held an indefeasible title to the lands in question, under his grant. 2. That, consequently, the junior grant to Duncan Rose was void, and conferred no title; and, of course, could not have estopped Virginia if no s'toaration had taken place; and, therefore, could not estop Kentucky, by the articles of compact between the two States, from vesting the title to those lands, by the legislative act of 1799, in I. and N. Governeur.

The .defendants' counsel insisted, 1. That R. S. Brantz being an alien when the grant of Virginia issued to him, the title did not pass out of the Commonwealth ; therefore, the grant to Duncan Rose must be considered as the prior legal title. 2. That under the compact of 1789, between Virginia and Kentucky, the legislative acts of
Kentucky of 1796 and 1799, under which the plaintiff claims, cannot overreach the prior grant from Virginia to Rose.

Mr. Sawmpson.tbrthe plaintiff, argued. (1.) That

OF THE UNITED STATES.
it had been conclusively settled by a uniform se- 1826. ries of decisions in this Court, that an alien can Govern'eur's take, and hold, real property, either by grant or Heirs devise, until office found.a The grantee of the Robertson. State takes by purchase as much as a private grantee.' In Craig v. Radfordo the alienage of a grantee from the State was presented distinctly as a positive- bar to his taking, but the Court determined the grant to be good, and the decision of that point was inevitably involved in the determination of the cause. And there was no reason, either of policy or law, for making a distinction between a public and a private grant. The title of the government being- devested by the grant, which is matter of record, it could not be revested again but by an inquest of office, by which alone the fact of alienage can be determined. Every person resident in the country is presumed to be a citizen until the contrary is shown by a judicial proceedingd The government, having once invested its grantee with a title, cannot deprive him of it but in due course of law; and the inquest of office is the appropriate process, where the title to lands is in controversy. But, it might be contended, that the grant of the State io an alien is absolutely void, and not voida-

a Fairfax v. Hunter, 7 Cranch'sRep. 603. Craig v. Radford,

3 Wheat. Rep. 594. Craig v. Leslie, 3 Wheat. Rep. 563. Orr v. Hodgson, 4 Wheat. Rep. 453.

b Co. Litt. 18 b.

c 3 Wheat. Rep. 594.

d I Bac. Abr. Alien. C. 133.

VOL, XI

42

CASES IN -THE SUPREME COURi
1826. ble merely; and a passage in Vin. Abr. might. Goveernleur'$ perhaps, be relied on for that purpose. But this
Heirs wbuld be found to be a mere insulated dictum, Robertson. unsupported by any other authority, or by any
adjudged case. In Page's casea it was "resolved, that in the case of au alieu," &c. " the inheritance, or freehold of the land, is not vested in the king till office found under the great seal; for that is an office of intitling." The grants of the king are not void, unless the defect for which they are sought to be avoided appear on the face of the grant. So, here, the fact of alienage not appearing in the grant to B., is sufficient to show that it was not void. If it were contended that an alien could not take, because he could not hold, the answer would be, that he shall take and hold, until it shall appear, in the manner the law requires, that he cannot hold. The subsequent naturalization of R. S. Brantz had a retrospective effect, and confirmed and rendered valid his title, which was before subject to be defeated by an inquest of office.' So, also, the act of 1796 would have ,had the effect of confirming his titlP, even if he had never been naturalized. But his naturalization in Maryland was sufficient to give him all the privileges of a citiien in Kentucky, and, among others, that of holding lands, under the articles of confederation before the establishment of the present constitution. And, even supposing his

a 5 Co. Rep. 52. h 2 B1.Comm. 250

1 Johns. Cas. 1,,

OF IHE UNITED STATES.

339

title as an alien to be defective at common law, 1826. that defect was completely cured by the statute GGoverneurr's of Virginia of 1779, c. 13. s. 3. which provides, Heirs that " All persons,- as well foreigners as others, lHobertson. shall have a right to assign or transfer warrants, or certificates of survey for lands; and any foreigner purchasing lands, may locate and have the same surveyed, and after returning the certificate of survey to the land office, shall be allowed the term of eighteen months, either to become a citizen, or to transfer his right in such certificate of survey to some citizen of this, or any other of the United States of America."
2. As to the defendant's claim under a junior grant, it must be regarded as entirely void, since the State of Virginia had already parted with all
its title .to Brantz, who (it had already been shown) was capable of taking and holding until office found. The grant to Rose was, there-
fore, absolutely void; the State having no title to the thing granted.a If, then, the junior grant was void, it could not be contended, that if any title was again cast upon the Commonwealth by the death of R. S. Brantz, without heirs capable of inheriting, it enured to the benefit of the defendant,.and operated as a retroactive confirmation of his title. His patent only authorized him to survey waste and unappropriated lands; he undertook to find lands of that de-

a Polk's Lessee v. Wendell, 5 Whteat. Rep. 303. Alton Wood's case, I Co. Rep. 5o. Dyer, 77. Green v. Watkins, 7 Wheat. Tep. 27.

340

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Governueur's
Heirs
V.
Robertson.

scription ; and it is not for him to say that he mis-
informed the government, and having surveyed not vacant, but lands already appropriated, had
thereby entitled himself to-be considered a purchaser without notice a There is a difference,in this respect, between grants by the government, and mere private conveyances.' The grantee having failed to comply with the condition of the grant, the State could not be bound by it, or estopped by it from again asserting dominion over the lands, and re-granting them to another. The grantee takes an immediate title, -or none at all. ° Even a grant made expressly to commence in futhuro would be void.,

Mr. Bibb, for the defendant, argued, (1.) That R. S. Brantz, being an alien when the original grant from the State issued to him, took nothing thereby, but the title remained in the government. He admitted the general rule, that an alien may take by purchase, and hold until office found; but he insisted that the principle applied only Ito a private grant or devise by a citizen. 'At
common law, a grant from the sovereign to an alien passes no title.c The grant of lands to an alien by the king, operates nothing; it shall not

a 5 Crancli'sRep. 253. b Legat's case, 10 Co. Rep. 1]3. Rep. 51. c Noy's Mai. tO. 4 Co. Rep. 61. 62. d Berwik's case, 5 Jo. Rep. 94.
e T'h Abr. tit.PVe ogative, (G. 6.

Alton Wood's case, I Co. Flowd. 432. 10 Co. Rep.
2.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
make him a denizen, so that he may take.a A 1826. grant from a private citizen to an alien takes Governeur's effect by act of the parties; a grant from the Heirs government takes effect by act of law. An alien Robertson. may take by purchase from an individual, because it is for the benefit of the government that he should be allowed to take, in order that the title may pass to the government by escheat. But if the same effect were allowed to a grant from the government to an alien, it would be for the mere vain ptirpose of devesting the title of the government, and vesting it in a party incapable of holding it, in order to revest the very same title, by means of an inquest of office. Such a proceeding ' ould be contrary to all the analogies of the law. An alien cannot take by act of law. An alien cannot, therefore, take as heir, or tenant in dower, or by the curtesy.b The reason why an alien cannot take in this manner is, because the law does nothing in vain; and it will not, therefore, confer by grant an estate on the alien which he cannot hold, for the nugatory purpose of taking it back again by an inquest of office. This is the reason assigned by Lord Chief Baron Hale, and by Mr. Chancellor Kent.: The incapacity of ali6ns to take, is founded on
a 2 Bl. Comm. 351. Tucker's ed. 844. b Calvin's case, 7 Co. Rep. 25. Co. Litt. 2 b. 3. a. 31. a. Plowd. 229. $ BL Comm. 252.' Tucker's ed. 249. Hunter v. Fairfax, 7 Cranch's Rep. .619. Orr v. Hodgson, 4 Whedt. Rep. 460. c Collingwoud v. Pace, 1 Ventr. Rep. 417. Mooers v. White, 6 Johns. Ch. Rep. 365.

342

CASES IN THE SUPREME, COURT

1826. reasons of national or civil polity, rather than on

Governeeur's principlcs strictly feudal.-

HeV.irs

The principles and policy of the common law

Robertson. in this respect, have not been changed by the local laws of Virginia. The act of 1779, c. 13.

under which the grant to Brantz purports to

have been issued, manifests clearly the legislative intention not to permit aliens to take by

grant, since it provides that they may purchase

warrants, assign them, have them located and surveyed, return the plats and certificates to the

Register's office, and then shall be allowed the

term of eighteen months either to become citi-

zens, " or to transfer such plat, and certificate

of survey, to some citizen of this, or any other of the United States of America." Expressio

unius est exclusio alterius: and this enumeration

of privileges to aliens, all of which are in dero-

gation of the common law, excludes that of obtaining a grant to himself whilst he continues an

alien. Brantz, then, having procured this grant to himself whilst an alien, contrary both to the

common and statute law, as well as the rules of the land office, the act of the Register, and of

the Governor, in so issuing the letters patent,

was unauthorized, and, as such, was absolutely void-' All the requisite- to a valid grant were

wanting in this case.c The public officers were

d 1 B1. Comm. 392. 2 Bi. Comm. 258. 2 Bi. Comm. 278. b King v. Clarke, Freeman'sRe. -I72 2 Bt Comm. 352. Earl of Devonshire's case, 11 Co. Rep. 90. Colt v. Glover, 1 Roll. Rep. 451. c Shep. Touchst. 229.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
restrained and disabled from granting to an 1q26. alien ; he was incapable of receiving it; the Gbrverneur''s grant was not made in the order and manner re- Heirs quired by law. The title of the public demesne Robertson. lands in England is vested in "the crown.; the king has, by the constitution, the sole power of granting them. But the king cannot, by his grant to an alien, render him capable of taking. In Virginia the title was in the people, or Commonwealth; not in the Governor, Register, or other public officer. They could only grant the land in pursuance of the express provisions of law.
2. That, under the compact of 1789, the legislative acts of Kentucky of 1796 and 1799, under which the plaintiff claims, cannot overreach the priol' grant from Virginia to Rose. Supposing that Rose's was not the prior legal title, in consequence of the alienage of Brantz when he obtained his grant, yet Rose, under his warrant, survey, and grant, had a vested interest in the land by the laves of Virginia, originating before the grant to Brantz. The compact provides, (art. 3. s. 7.) "that all private rights and interests of land, within the said district, derived from the laws of Virginia, prior to such operation, shall remain valid and secure under the laws of the proposed State, and shall be determined by ,the laws now existing in this State."
*Art. 5. s. 9. provides,." That no grant, 6f land, or land warrant, to be issued by the proposed State, shall interfere with any Warrant heretofore issued from the ldnd office of Virginia.

344

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826'.
Govrerneur's HeVi.rs
Robertson.

which shall be located on land within the said
District, on or before the first day of September, 1791." So that the stipulations of the com-
pact of 1789, secure all vested as well as contingent claims and titles to land, and provide for their determination by the then existing laws of Virginia. By the laws of that State then in force, the title of Brantz (supposing him to have had any) was cast upon the Commonwealth, by his death without heirs capable of taking by descent.a The interest of Rose under his patent became valid and secure by the third article of-the compact, and, under the fifth article, it could not be interfered with by any grant from the State of Kentucky.' Every political society or government is bound by the ties of justice and morality, and to the observance of good faith in its contracts with individuals. The grant of 1785 to Rose, was a contract between the Wtate of Virginia and the grantee." If a private individual sells land without title, and subsequently
acquires a title, it enures to the benefit of his grantee.d A vendor, purchasing in an outstanding title, cannot use it against his vendee. The same rules which are just and equitable as beween individuals, are binding on governments.

a Hunter v. Fairfax, 7 Cianch's Rep. 603. Orr v. Hodgson, WYheat, Rep. 460.. Mooers v. White, 6 Johns. Ch. Rep. 365. b Green v. Biddle, 8 Wheat. Rep. 1. 1 Marsh. Kentuck. ,p. 199. 3 Alarsh. Rep. 219. 1 Monr. Kentuck Rep. 60.
LitteL Rep. 364. c Fletcher v. Peck, 6 Granch'sRep. 87. d Barr v. GratZ; 4 Wheat. Rep. 222.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

345

The legal maxim, that the king, or the commonwealth, can do no wrong, implies the highest degree of moral excellence in the collective body of society, and those who represent it. Every
prerogative being created for the benefit of the citizen, none of the powers of the government can be exerted to his prejudice.a Hence the maxims, that the prerogative of the king is no warrant to do wrong; the king is estopped, and by his prerogative can do no wrong." Virginia, therefore, could not violate the obligation of her contract with Rose, by using the interest of Brantz when it lapsed in 1797, by his death, without heirs capable of inheriting. A legislative act of Virginia, (had she retained her sove-
reignty over the territory of Kentucky,) passed in 1799, to grant the land to Governeur, without regard to. the vested interest of Rose, and those claiming under his grant, would have been a law impairing the obligation of contracts within the prohibition in the .constitution of the United .States. Such a law, made by Kentucky, is equally prohibited by her treaty -with Virginia. But the acts of 1796 and 1799, (which, being in .parimateria,are to be construed together,) do not constitute such a law. The former act confirms the title of Brantz, with the proviso, " that nothing in the said act should affect the right or title of any other person or persons." The sub-

1826.
Governeur's
Heirs
V.
Robertson.

a Magdalen College case, 11 Co. Rep. 72. b Plowd.Rep. 246-248, 249.

VOL XI.

44

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. 'G-orv*er-nueu'r's
Heirs
Robertson.

sequent act transfers the estate to Governeur, as
Brantz held it, subject .to the proviso. It was not necessary, in the act of 1799, to repeat the
proviso in that of 1796, It was sufficient to do what the act does, transfer the estate, after thp death of Brantz, to Governeur, " as if the said Brantz had done (it) in his lifetime." This construction makes the acts consistent with good faith, with the compact with Virginia, and with the eternal principles of justice.
But, it had been argued, that the king's grants are not void, unless the fact of alienage appears on the face of the grant itself. It had, at the same time, been asserted, that Rose's grant was absolutely void, although the fact of the patent previously issued for the same land, does not appear on the face of his grant, but is to be proved by other evidence. But, when the authorities speak of a grant as void, all that is meant is, that it shall be held inoperative, and of no legal effect, whenever.the facts which invalidate it shall appear. Whenever, by the pleadings between other parties, the facts show the king's title, judgment shall be given for. him, although he is not a party:a A great variety of cases might be
mentioned, where a resort to evidence in pais would be necessary to deermine the validity of
the grant. That the grant to Rose was not void,
in the sense supposed, but that it was evidence of a contract between Virginia and the grantefc

a Plowd. Rep. 24.3,

OF THE UNITED STATES,

347

that it passed a vested interest capable of being 1826. transmitted from one to another by deed or will; rneur's that such interests of the junior patentee are Heirs
V.
treated as-legal, and not mere equitable interests, obcrvtson. and still less as non-entities, a number of cases from the local decisions were cited.a
As to the case of .Elmendorfv. Carmichael,b which had been cited as determining the questions in this cause; it could have no weight as authority in this Court, because it did not decide the point as to the construction of the compact of 1789; a subject peculiarly of federal jurisdiction, which was involved in several other cases, all of which would be brought before this Court for revision. The opinions, therefore, of the State Judges, in that case, could be entitled to no more respect than the judgments of any tribunal, State or national, which this Court might be called on to revise on error.
The case of Craig v. .Radford had been cited as determining the question, that an alien can take by direct grant from the government. But, it would be found, upon examination, that Sutherland, under whom the respondent claimed in that case, was entitled to a bounty in land under the proclamation of 1783, for military services during the preceding war, and that he obtained his warrant and survey in 1774, at which time he was not an alien. He did not obtain a

a I Marsh. Kentuck. Rep. 525. 3 Bibb's Rep. 535. 4 Bibb's Rep. 225. 1 Mlonr. Rep. 48. 189. 138.
b 3 Littel. Rep. 473. c 3 arheat: Rep. 594.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. patent until 1788, and it is not, therefore, of this Govenrneur's that the Court speak, when they say that he took
HeVi.rs the estate " during the war," and was not devestRobertson. ed by any act of Virginia before the treaty of
1794, by which his title was confirmed. But the Court meant to refer to the act of Virginia of 1779, (passed during the war,) by which the legislature declared, that the surveys under the proclamation of 1763 were valid. All the other cases cited to show that an alien can take by grant, and hold, until office found, are cases of grants, or devises, from private individuals to an alien. The distinction between such conveyances and grants 'from the crown, is to be found in all the authorities, from the year books down to the latest elementary writers.

.MIarch I7.

Mr. Justice JoHNso.N delivered the opinion of the Court.
This cause comes up from the Circuit Court of Kentucky, upon a difference of opinion certified from that Court.
The case was this: Robertus S. Brantz, through whom the plaintiffs make .title, obtained, on the 11th of October, 1784, two grants from the Commonwealth of Virginia, comprising, together, ten thousand acres of land lying in Kentucky.
OneDuncan Rose, through whom the defendants make title, obtained a similar grant, of the date of December 2d, 1785, covering a part of the same land.
Robertus Brantz, at the date of his patent,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

349.

was analien, but became naturalized in Mary- 1826. land on the 8th of November, 1784,'less than Governieur's one month after the date of his patent, and near Heirs a year before that of the defendant was obtained. Robertson.
Some doubts appear to have been raised on the validity of Brantz's patent at an early period, and, in the year 1796, the legislature of Kentucky passed an act, reciting that B. was an alien when the patent issued, and affirming his estate as against the rights of the Commonwealth, leaving it to operate as to all other persons as if that act had not passed.
B. died in 1797, leaving a son, J. B., an alien, incapable of inheriting, and owing debts to a considerable amount to the Governeurs. The son, unaware of his disability, executed a letter of attorney, under which the land was sold, and the purchasers, the Governeurs, subsequently discovering this defect, obtained another act from that State affirming their estate.
And this makes out the plaintiffs' title. The defendant's title is regularly deduced through the paterit to Duncan Rose. The record presents, first, a general instruction prayed for in behalf of the plaintiffs on their
right to recover, And of this there can be no question independently of the points made in the instructions moved for by the defendant, having regard to the effects, .st. of his alien character; 2d. that of his son; and, 3d. of the compact between Virginia and Kentucky on the rights of the parties.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. These will. be considered in their own lan-
Governeur's guage, and in their order. - The first is, Heirs "That if the jury find that R. S. B. was an
V.
Robertson. alien at the time when the patents given in evidence-were procured by him, nothing passed to him by the said patent, but that it was void." - Although this, as well as the subsequent prayers of the defendant, purport to present distinct propositions, it will be unavoidable that they should be considered in connexion with each other, and with reference to the general prayer of the plaintiff for a charge in his favour. The defendant's object in propounding them, is to repel the prayer of the plaintiff, and to obiain a charge that the jury should find in his favour. They are introduced, in fact, as grounds upon which the prayer of the plaintiff should be rejected. And, in this view of the subject, the proposition stated draws after it the consideration of another, to wit: Whether, although the patent to Brantz should be pronounced void, in consideration of his incapacity to take at the time of its emanation, his subsequent naturalization did not relate back so as to obviate every consequence of this alien disability. On this subject of relation, the authorities are so ancient, so uniform and universal, that nothing can raise a dpubt that it has a material bearing on this cause, but the question whether naturalization in Maryland 'was equivalent to naturalization in Kentucky. To this the articles of Con-
federation furnish an affirmative answer, and the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

351

defendant has not made it a question. Nor, in- 1826.

deed, has he made a question on the subject of Governeur's

relation back; yet it is not easy to see how he He"iVr.s

could claim the benefit of an affirmative answer Robertson.

on the question he has raised, without first ex-

tricating his cause from the effects of the subse-

quent naturalization, upon the rights derived to

Brantz through his patent.

The question argued, and intended to be ex- Agrantofland

to an alien, by

elusively presented here, is, whether a patent for the State, is

not absolutely

land to an alien, be not an absolute nullity,

void.

The argument is, that. it was so at common

law, and that the Virginia land laws, in some of

their provisions, affirm the common law on this

subject.

We think, the doctrine of the defendant is not

to be. sustained on either ground. It is true, Sir William Blackstone has express- Examination

ed

himself on

this

subject

with

less

than

his doctrin ° on
-this subject.

usual precision and circumspection; but, whe- t

ther the context be considered, or his authorities

examined, we"shall find that this doctrine cannot

be maintained. 'The passage relied on is found

in his second volume, (p. 347, 348. of Christian,)

in these words, " If the king grants lands to an'

alien, it operates' nothing." But itw, ould be

doing injustice to the writer not to weigh his

meaning by the words preceding and following

this sentence. His language is this, ".But the

king's grant shall not enure to any other intent

than. that which is precisely expressed in the

grant. As, if he grants laids to an alien, it ope.-

rates nothing; for such grant shall not also

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. enure to make him a denizen, that so he may be
Govereneur's capable of taking by grant." And the authority HeVi.rs referred to is Brooke's Abr. Patent, 62. and
Robertson. Finch's Law, 110. (It ought to be 111.) If we could admit that this learned writer
could have committed so egregious a blunder as to suppose that an alien must be made denizen before he could take by grant, as a general proposition, he might stand charged with having greatly transcended his authorities. But when it is consideredl, that the effect of an alien's being made denizen, is not to enable him to take lands, but to enable him to hold them against
the king, we at once see, that his language is to be limited to the proposition laid down in the previous sentence, to wit: that the king's grants shall not enure to the double intent, when made to an alien, of vesting in him the thing granted, and then, by implication, constituting him a denizen, so as to enable him to hold an indefeasible estate. Ancient au- In the case referred to as abridged by Brooke,
thorities of the
common law. the latter proposition alone is laid down; and
the case in the Year Books, which the author cites, affirms nothing more. This was Bagot's case, (7 Edw. IV. p. 29.) which appears to have occasioned a vast deal of discussion for several terms inthe British Courts, and in which Bagot, and another grantee of an office by the crown, brought assize, and the defendant pleaded, as to Bagot, alien nee. In that cause there was no office found, and the question on this part of the case distinctly was,. whether the grant did not both vest the right to the office, and create a c,&-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1353

pacity to maintain assize to recover it. So, in a 1826. case in 4 Leon. 82. the same question was raised, Governeur's where there had been an inquest of office; and HoIrs in both, the decision distinctly was, that the Robevrtson. king's grant did not enure to an intent not expressed distinctly as its object; or, in other words, to a double intent, one direct, the other incidental. In the latter case, the alien's right

had been affirmed by a patent from the queen, and the point argued was, that the right of the party was piotected by the act of the queen against the effect of the office found. But, in both these cases, the decision was no more than

this, that the act of the crown did not incidentally make the party a denizen; and while an alien, he could not be enabled, by any act of the crown, to exercise rights which appertained only

to denizens, or to persons naturalized, or natural born subjects.

The other authority to which Blackstone refers, to wit, Finch, imports no more than that, an alien shall not maintain an'aztion' real or mixed, but has no direct bearing upon the doctrine for which it seems to have been cited by

the author.

The words, in the passage in Blackstone,more immediately relied on by the. defendant, to wit,

" If he grants to an alien, it operates nothing," are obviously taken from another passage in

Brooke's Abr. Patent,44. which 'article gives those words as a dictum of Keble,. one of the Judges. And by referring to the authority in

V01. X1.

45

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

11826. the Year Book, on which the author relies, to

GGovetneu'r's wit, 9Hen. VII." 3. 'the dictum is there found at-

Heirs tributed. to Keble'. But, in that case, as in

V.argued

Robertson. Ba'ot's case, there is

more

than

that the king's grant shall n6t enure to the double

purpose. And the observation of Keble is only

made by way of illustration, accompanied by se-

veral others of a similar character, such as that

a grant of land to a felon shall not operate as a

pardon; or a grant to a company not corporate,

carry with it a grant of incorporation. It is clear, therefore, that this doctrine has no

sufficient sanction in authority; and it will be

found 6qually unsupported by principle or ana-

logy.

The general rule is positively against it, for

the books; old and new, uniformly represent the

king as a competent grantor in all cases in which

an individual may grant, and any person in

esse, and not civiliter mortuus, as a competent

grantee. Femes covert, infants, aliens, persons

attainted of treason or felony, clerks, convicts,

and many others, are expressly '(numerated as

competent grantees. (Perkins, trant, 47, 48.

51. &c. Comyn's Dig. r'ant, B. 1.) It be-

h6oves those, therefore, who would except aliens,

when the immediate object of the king's grant,

.to maintain the exception.

- It is argued, that there is an analogy between

this case and that of the heir, or the widow, or

the husband, alien; no one of whom can take,

but the king shall enter upon them without office

found. Whereas, an alien -maytake by purchase,

OF -THE, UNITED STATES.

355

aid hold untii devested by office found. It is 1826. argued, that the reason usually*assigCn)e" d for this Governeur'-
distinction, to wit, ,7Nil frustraggit lex," may, Heirs with the same correctness, be' applied to the Rolertson.
case of a grant by the king to an alien, as to one taking by descent, dower, or curtesy: That the alien only takes from the king to return the subject of the grant back again to the king by escheat. But, this reasoning obviously assumes as law the very, principle it is introduced to support; since, unless the grant be void, it cannot
be predicated of it that it was executed in vain. It is also inconsistent with a known and familiar principle in law, and one lying at the very root of the distinction between taking by purchase
and taking by descent. It implies, in fact, a repugnancy in language. Since the very reason of the distinction between aliens taking by purchase5 and by descent, ig, that one takes by deed, the other by act of law; whereas a grantee cx vi termini, takes by deed, and not by act of law. If there is any. view of the subject in which an alien, taking under grant, may be considered as taking by operation of law, it is because the grant issues, and takes effect, un-
der a law of the State. But this is by no means the sense of the rule, since attaching to it this idea would be to declhre the legislative power of the State incompetent to vest in an alien even a defeasible estate.
That an alien can take by deed, and can hold until office found, must now be regarded as a positive rale,of law, so well established, that the

(GASES IN THE SUREME COURT

1826. reason of the rule is little more than a subject for

Governeur't'she antiquary. It no doubt owes its present au-

Heirs thority, if not its origin, to a regard to the peace

v. R~obertson.

of society, and a desire

to protect the individual

Well esta- from arbitrary aggression. Hence itis usually blshed rule said, that it has regard to the sofemnity of the
that an alien
tpuapy-chatasek,e anbdy livery of seisin, which ought not to be' devested
hold,,,unil of-without some corresponding solemnity. But ce foud. there is one reason assigned by a very judicious

compiler, which, from its good sense and appli-

cability to the nature of our government, makes

it proper to introduce it here. I copy it from Ba-

con, not having had leisure to examine the autho-

rity which he cites for it. " Every person," says

he, " is supposed a natural born subject, that is

resident in the kingdom, and that owes a local

allegiance to the king, till the contrary be found

by office." This reason, it will be perceived, ap-

plies with double force to the resident who has

acquired of the sovereign himself, whether by

purchase or by favour, a grant of freehold.

SViTrghienialawpsreo-f, It remains to examine the effect of the Virginia vious to helaws upon grants made to aliens. Those laws

compact of

im

1789, respect- provie that aliens may purchase warrants for

ing the issuig land, and pass them throuh all the stages neces-

of grants to

te sru~

~ sae

aliens.

sary to obtain a patent, and may exercise every

power over the inchoate interest thus acquired,

in the same manner with citizens, and after re-

turning the plat and survey to the Register's

office, shall be allowed eighteen months to be-

come a citizen, or transfer their interests to those

who are citizens.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

357

These provisions, it is contended, import a 1826.

prohibition to issue a grant to an alien.

Governeur's

But we think the inference by no means un- Heirs

avoidable'; and, in addition to the general and Rbvertson.

strong objections to raising an enactment by in--

ference, consider it as unsupported either by the

policy or the provision of the act.

It is well known that the purchaser of a war'-

rant, under the laws of Virginia, acquired a be-

neficial interest in the soil, that the survey 16-

cated that interest upon a particular portion of

soil by metes and bounds, and the interest thus

acquired was devisable, assignable, descendible,

and wanted, in fact, nothing but a mere forma-

lity to give it all the attributes of a freehold:

Hence a doubt arose, not whether an alien could

acquire an interest under a warrant and survey,

but whether that interest might not be subjeqt to

escheat. The object of the law was to encou-

rage aliens to purchase, and to settle the country ;

and all its provisions on this subject were intend-

,ed to enlarge his rights,, not to restrict them.

Aliens arriving in the country, could not imme-

diately be naturalized, but they might, imme-

diately enter upon -those arrangements for esta-

blishing themselves when naturalized, .which

were necessary to precede a grant. HIence, the

only' true construction of' the Virginia hiw is,

that as to all the interest acquired in land pre-

vious to grant, it'was intended to enlarge their

rights, and secure'them from escheat; while, a's,

to the rights which they might acquire by pa-

tent, they were to be left under the ordinary

CASES JN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. alien disabilities, whatever those were, which the

·

law imposed.

Governeurns

HeVirs The Virginia act, therefore, has no influence

Robertson. upon the rights of the parties in this cause.

The act o The object of the next four prayers for instruc-

Kentucky otion in behalf of the defendant, is, to maintain

1799, confirm-
ofthe proposition, that the act of Kentucky of 1799,

Ing the titi Brantz.

which confirmed the interest of the purchasers

under the letter of attorney of the son of Brantz,
was in derogation of the rights of Duncan Rose,
the subsequent grantee. Whether the The argument is, that on the deceaseof the
junior patent
attached tothe fathek, without an heir that could take, the land
land, upon the-. ,
dBercaenatsze witho-fin. controversy reverted to the State, and the juouthirspa-ior patent then fastened-upon it in the ordinary ble of taking. manrner in which it attaches to the soil when a

prior grant is removed from before it. That the
act of 1799 was nothing more than a junior grant for the same land, and a grant which the State was estopped from making to the prejudice of the prior patentee, as well upon general principles, as under the provisions of the compact be-
tween the two State2. It is obvious, that in considering this argument,
the Court cannot place the defendant on more favourable ground than by substituting Vifginia for Kentucky, and allowing him all the rights that he might have set up dgainst the former State. And it is equally -obvious, that to admit of the iight set up in .favour of the junior patent's attaching as a patent upon the escheat, it must be affirmed that escheated land was liable to be taken up by patent; whereas the act authorizes pa-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

359

tents to issue upon waste and unappropriated 1826. lands exclusively, and not-upon escheated pro- Govel'neur"s perty. And so it has been settled by adjudica- Heirs ions both in Kentucky and Virginia. (Elmen- Robertson. dorf v. Carmichael, 3 Littel. Rep. 484.)
It is further obvious, that as to the claim set up by the defendant on the ground of moral right and estoppel, the Court will concede much more than he has a right to assume, if it allows him the benefit of his argument to the wholeextent in which it may be applied to the rights and obligations of individuals., Assuming, argumenti gratia,that the State could not supersede the right of the defendant derived under his patent, in any case in which an individual would be estopped, or might be decreed to convey: But it is only on the ground of fraud or contract, that the law acts upon individuals in either of the supposed cases. Fraud is not imptitable to a government; but if it were, where is there scope. found*for the imputation of it in the relation between a State and the patentee of its vacant lands ? In selling the warrant, the State enters into contract no farther than that the purchaser shall have that quantity of vacant land if he can find it. And when the patent-issues, it iq to the patentee, if to ahy one, that the fraud is imputable, if the land be not vacant. The State never intends to grant the lands of another; and where the grantee is ignorant of the previous patent, the maxim, caveat emptor, is emphatically applicable to this species of contract.
But to what result would this doctrine lead.

360

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. us ? A junior grant is to be vested with the at,

1Go-vner-neur''s tribute of hanging over a valid and indefeasible Heirs appropriation of soil, waiting to vest upon the

Robertson. occurrence of the casualty of an escheat or an indefinite failure of heirs ? This may not hap-

pen in a hundred years; it may not occur upon one life as in this case, but may occur after the lapse of one hundred lives. It is impossible

that such a claim can be countenanced. Neither principle nor. policy sustains it. And, in fact,

the decision upon'the first ground is fatal to the cause of the defendant upon the last; for, upon
no principle but the assumed nullity of the pa-

tent to Brantz, could any contract be imputed to the State to make good the junior patent, under which the defendant deduces his title. In t. at

case, the land would still have remained vacadt land, and, as such, the junior patent would, of course, have taken effect' upon it as a patent, and by the immediate opef'ation of the land law, without reference to the supposed incidental

rights here set up. So far this Court has

ionsidered the cause as

one of a new impression; but, on examining the
adjudications quoted, they are satisfied, that in every point material to the plaintiffs, the case

has been solemnly adjudicated in the Courts of

Kentucky.

They. will, therefore, direct an opinion to be certified in favoui of the plaintiff.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

103

1826.

[CHANCERY. FRADVX.ZEWT DErD.]
STEPHEN HARDING and Others, Appellants,
V.
AsA HANDY and CALEB WHEATON, Respondents.

Harding
V.
Randy.
Randy Harding.

AsA HANDY and CALEB WHEATON, Appellants, V.
STEPHEN HARDING and Others, Respondents.

There must be sufficient equity apparent on the face of the bill to warrant the Court in granting the relief prayed; and the material facts on which the plaintiff relies must be so distinctly alleged as to put them in issue.
A Court of equity has juisdiction of a suit brought by heirs at law to set aside a conveyance of lands obtained from their ancestor by undue influence, he being so infirm, in body and mind, from old age, and other circumstances, as to be liable to imposition, although
his weakness does not amount to insanity. The same jurisdiction may be exercised where one of the heirs at law
has, with the consent of the others, taken such a deed, upon an agreement to consider it as a trust for the maintenance of the grantor, and, after his death, for the benefit of his heirs, and the
grantee refuses to perform the trust. Under what circumstances such a conveyance may be allowed to
stand as security for actual advances and charges, and et aside for
all other purposes. In such a case, not depending on the absolute insanity of the grantor at
the time Of executing the conveyance, the Court may determine the question of capacity without directing.an issue. The verdict of a jury as to the sanity of the grantor at the time of executing such a conveyance, would not be conclusive, the Court being competent to determine for itself the degree of weakness, or of imposition, which will induce it to set aside the instrument. Exceptions to the report of a Master are to be regarded by the Court only so far as they are supported by the special statements of the

104

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Harding V.
Handy.
Handy
V.
Harding.

Master, or by a distinct reference to the particular portions of testzSmaony on which the party excepting relies. The Court due, not
investigate the items of an ace, tint, nor review the whole mass of testimony taken before the 1%laster. Rules of practice in accounting before a Master.
In a suit in equity brought by heirs at law to set aside a conveyance obtained from their ancestor by fraud and imposition, a final decree
for the sale of the property cannot he pronounced, until all the heirs are brought before the Court as parties, if they are within the jurisdiction. If all the heirs cannot be brought before the Court, the undivided interest of those who are made parties may be sold.

THESE were cross appeals from the decrees of the Circuit Court of Rhode Island.
The bill filed in the Court below by the appellants, Harding, and Nancy his wife, and Sterling Wheaton, alleged, that they, with four others not made parties to the suit, together with Caleb Wheaton, one of the defendants, were entitled, as heirs at law of Comfort Wheaton, deceased, to the real property mentioned in the bill, and situate in the State of Rhode Island. That Comfort W., about the year 1802, began to exhibit symptoms indicating a loss of intellect, and soon became, from various causes mentioned in the bill, incompetent to the management of his estate, and died in 1810. That, under these circumstances, the defendant. Caleb W., (his son,) and who acted as well for himself, as in behalf of the plaintiffs, and the defendant ttandy, (the son-inlaw of Comfort W., entered into an agreement to endeavour to take his estate out of his hands, and to preserve it for the benefit of his heirs at law. That it was agreed that Comfort W. should be prevailed on to convey his real property to

OF THE UNITED STATES.

105

Handy, for a nominal consideration, who should tbrthwith execute an. instrument of writing, deelaring that he took and held the same in trust; first, to provide for the decent support of the grantor, during his life; and, after a full remunerati6n for his expenses and trouble in that respect, to hold the residue of the estate for the benefit of the heirs at law. That, on the 9th of May, 1805, Handy did procure such conveyance, for the nominal consideration of 2,178 dollars, from Comfort W., and entered upon, possessed, and enjoyed, the property in question ; but that he refused to execute any declaration of trust as he had agreed, but held the property, claiming it as his own. The bill then alleged, that the defendant, Caleb W., after the death of his father, Comfort W., acting on behalf, and for the benefit of, the heirs, procured letters of administration of the personal estate of Comfort W. to be issued by the proper Court, and caused such further proceedings to be had, as that the administrator exposed to sale the real property before mentioned, which had been conveyed to Handy, and that Caleb W. became the purchaser thereof, for the general benefit of the heirs. That various suits at law had resulted from these transactions, (and-, among others, an -jectment brought

by the defendant, Handy, against the defendant,

Caleb W.,) by which the value of the property

had been much deteriorated. The bill ihen prayed for an account respecting the,propert3 ;

that a decree might be rendered, exonerating it

VO,. X[.

14

1826.
HHaarddning
V Handy.
handy
Hardin.

CASES IN THE SUPREI.IE COURT

1826.
" Harding
v.
Handy.
Handy
v* g

friom the deeds to the defendant, Handy, after satisfying his just claims, and ordering one fifth part of the real estate to be, sot off to the plaiptiff, Nancy H., and one fifth to the plaintiff, Ster-
ling.W. ; and for general relief. thaTt hCeoamnfsowrterWo.f wthaes idnecfaepnadbalnet,ofHcaonndvye,yidnegniheids

property when the deeds of the 9th of May, 1805, were executed; and insisted that his intellect was perfectly sound at that time. It also denied, that he, the defendant, purchased as a trustee, and averred, tfiat he was a purchaser for a valuable and full considuration. The answer of the other defendant, Caleb W., admitted the allegations of the bill, and submitted to any de-
cree the Court might think equitable. A great mass of testimony taken in the
Court below, appeared in the record, which was very contradictory, as to the capacity of Comfort W. to make the conveyance in question.
The Circuit Court, by its interlocutory decree, directed that the deeds of the 9th of May, 1805, should be set aside, as having been obtained -by false impressions made on a mind enfeebled by old age, and various other causes; and that an account of the receipts and disbursements of the defendant, Handy, should be taken, and that
lie should be credited for all advances made, and charges incurred, for the maintenance of Comfort W. during his lifetime, and for repairs and improvements made on the real estate. Excep'ions were filed by both parties to the report.

OF, THE UNITED STATES.

107

which was confirmed by the Court below. The final decree declared, that the real estates conveyed to the defendant, Randy, should stand charged with the amount of the balance. of the
account due to him; that the same should be sold, and the proceeds brought into Court; that the said balance should be paid to him, deducting his proportion of the charges, &c. and the residue, deducting their proportions, &c. should be paid over, and distributed among the heirs at law of Comfort W. If there be any such heirs, not made parties, they to be at liberty to come in under the decree, and receive their share., paying their proportions of costs and expenses, otherwise to be excluded. That each party before the Court should pay his own costs, excepting the fees of the officers of the Court, which should be a charge on the property, and borne by the parties according to their respective proportions of interest in the proceeds of the sale.
From this decree both parties appealed.

1826.
Harding
V. Handy.
Handy
Harding.

Mr. Wheaton, for the original plaintiffs, made the following points:
1. That the decree 6ught to be reversed, so far as it declared, that the real property should stand charged with the advances made by the defendant, Handy.
2. That it ought, in all Qther respects, to be affirmed.
On the. first point, he contended, that the deeds having been obtained by the iinposition of the grantee on the grantor, 'the property ought not

Feb.,.ld.

108

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Harding
Vn Handy.

to stand charged with the expenses incurred by the former. That, even supposing him to have held as a trustee during the lifetime of the plaintiff's ancestor; after that period he ceased to hold

Handy
V.
Harding.

in that capacity, and became a maltefidei posses-
sor, who was not entitled to be allowed for improvements made on the land.,
On the second point, he argued, (1.) as to the objection made in the Court below, of the defect of juiisdiction in that Court ; that the words of the Judiciary Act of 1789, c. 20. s. 16. providing that suits in equity should not'be sustained in the Courts of the Union, " in any case where plain, adequate, and complete remedy, can be had at law," were not intended to abridge the equity jurisdiction of those Courts ; that it had been frequently determined, that the proceedings in those Courts were to be according to the English system ,of equity, both as to principles, practice, and jurisdiction;.'that fraud and trust were familiar subjects of cognizance in the Court of Chancery; and that equity often interfered to redress fraud, even after a-verdict and judgment -at.law.c That this.was not d case analogous to that which had been cited in the proceedings below, where the only ground of equitable interference was a discovery sought to establish the

q Oreen v. Biddle, 8 #heat. Rep. 77-83. 2 Ves. sen. Rep. 516. 2 Ves. Rep. 281. Belt's Supplement, 345. 396. 1 Bro. Ch. Rep. 420.
b Robinsos) v. Campbeil, 3 Wheat. Rep. 221. Unitbd States .e. Howland, 4 Wheat. Rep. 108.
2 P. Wn. 425. 2 Vern. Rep. 146. 2 Ves. sen. Rep. 62&

OF THE UNITED STATES.

109

fraud, and the plaintiff having failed in the disooverv, and having a complete remedUyiya.t law, should not be allowed to proceed in equity
2. Another objection was, that th.is was an attempt to establish a trust by parol evidence, contrary to the statute of frauds. The Court below did not consider it necessary to determine this point, because, at all events, there wa§ a resulting trust for the heirs, (after allowing for advances, &c.) which, even in England, might, unquestionably, be established by parol. But a comparison of the English statute of frauds, 29 Charles II. c. 3. with the provisions of the local statute of Rhode Island on the same subject, would show, that the latter did not extend to trusts, and, therefore there could be no question of the admissibility of parol evidence in this case.
3. It was' a case of imposition practised by a son-in-law upon his father-in-law, an old man, inflrm in body and mind, morally and physically ncapable of managing his own affairs, and of esisting the influence and importunities of the )ther party, standing in that intimate relation. It was analogous to other cases of fraudulent and bard bargains made with expectant heirs, and
other persons stanli,)g in peculiar relations, rendering them liable to imposition. The great ieading case on the general analogy, was that of Chesterfield v. Jansen,' which was not cited

1826.
Harding
.
Handy.
Handy Harding.

a Clarke v. Russell, 7 Cranch'sRep. 89. ?2 Yet. ?en. Rep. 157.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
'V' Harding
v.
Randy.

as a direct authority, but as illustrating the general principle. Lord Hardwicke there lays
down the rule on which the Court of Chancery proceeds, and classifies the cases in which it will

Handy interfere. These are, 1. Actual fraud. 2. Such Haring. as is apparent, from the nature of the bargain
itself, as being fragrantly unequal.* 3. A kind

of fraud which may be presumed from the circumstances and condition of the parties contracting. 4. Which may be inferred from the nature and circumstances of the transaction, as being an imposition and deceit on other persons not parties to the fraudulent agreement. 5. Fraud, infecting catching bargains with heirs, -ever-
sioners, expectants, &c. There are to be found in the, books a great variety of applications of these principles. Thus, in Clarkson v. Hanway,s the suit was brought by an heir at law to set aside a conveyance by his ancestor, who is
described as a " weak man," 72 years old, who had conveyed his estate for a small annuity. The conveyance was set aside on those circumstances alone, by the Master of the Rolls, -and decree confirmed, on'appeal, by Lord iviacclesfield. In Bates v. Graves,' the bill was filed by a son, to set apide a conveyance, (which was confirmed by a will,) by his father, to a son-in-law, under circum-
stances of fraud, and undue practices, upon the weakness of the grantor. Lord Thurlow and Lord Rosslyn concurred in holding, these circumstances to be sufficient to annul the convey-

U 2 P. WM. 203.

b 2 Ves.jr. Rep. 287.

OF TH!E UNITED STATES.

ane, though the party was not a lunatic. In a still more recent case,a Lord Eldon relieved against a bargain with .n expectant heir, where there was no fraud or imposition, upon the ground of inadequacy of consideration, where

1826. '
Harding
V.
Handy.
Handy,

thei e was an inequality of condition in the par- Harding. ties. Mere inadequacy of consideration was

held insufficient, but, coupled with the other circumstance, was deemed a sufficient ground ta

annul the contract. In Hugueninv. Baseley,b a settlement by a widow, upon a clergynian and

his family, was set aside, as having been obtain-

ed by undue influence, ana abused confidence in the party; as the agent of the grantor's affairs,

upon the principle of public p*licy and utility,

applicable to the analogous cases of guardian and ward, attorney and client, &c. It was there

earnestly contended, that the law of England does "not prevent a prodigal disposition by a person, of sound mind." But the argument

was overruled by Lord Eldon; and the words of Sir S. Romilly, arguendo, in that case, are re-

markably pertinent to the present: " Though no direct authority is produced, your lordship,

dispensing justice by the same rules as your pre-

decessors, upon such a subject, not confined within the narrow limits of precedent, will, as a

,new relation appears,- look into the principles thai govern the human heart, and decide accord-

a 16 Ves. Rep. 512. See also Oliver v. Court, 3 Price'sExcheq. Rep. 12r.
b 14 Ves..Rep.. 273. Griffiths v. Robins, 3Aladd. Rep. 191.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUItT

1826.
Harding
v Handy.
Handy
V.
Sarding.

ingly." The same principles and authorities had Sbeen applied, by a Court of justice of our own.
country, to a case almost the same with the present in all its material circumstances.a They are applied in every system of jurisprudence
having a due regard to the protection of the weak from' the artifices of those who have the means of unduly influencing or controlling their conduct. Thus, in the countries governed by the Roman law, the provisions of positive law prohibiting donations intervivos,between persons staiding in certain peculiar relations of mutual confidence and dependence, are extended by equity to other relations of a similar character, and falling within the reason of the prohibition.' The Court below seems to have considered, that it might have been justified, on these principles,
in declaring the deeds in question utterly void, though, in framing its decree, it thoughf proper to take a more mitigated view of the defendant's
conduct.

Mr. Coxe, (with whom was Mr. Webster,) for the defendant, Handy, argued, (1.) That there was a defect of jurisdiction in the Court below, proceeding as a Court of equity. A complete and adequate remedy at law existed. If the deeds were invalid on the ground of fraud and imposition, that question might be tried in an

a Whelan v. Whelan,3 Cowen's Rep. 53To b Pothier,Traitg de Donations,s. I.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

113

action at law. It had been so tried and deter- 1826.

mined.

Harding

2. It appeared, on the face of the bill itselfi v.

that there were other children of Comfort W. Handy.

who are his heirs at law, but who had not been Handy

joined in the present suit. They were equally naiding.

interested with the other plainiiffs, and should,

therefore, have been join'd. Their interests are

also affected by the decree. It is not too late to

take advantage of this objection."

3. The bill contained multifarious matters

which ought not to be joined. Eachofthe defend-

ants claimed to have the legal estate in him, in

opposition to each other. There was no privity

between them as to their respective interests;

and before the plaintiffs could have any interest

in vacating the deeds of the defendant, Handy,

the deed of the defendant, Caleb W., must be

removed. The establishment of their right

against one defendant was a prerequisite to their

calling upon the other to answer.

4. The main object of the bill, and that attain-

ed by the decree, was to enforce specifically a

parol agreement, alleged to have been made be-

tween the two defendants, denied by the defend-

ant, Handy, and not proved by any competent

testimony. The contract proved is wholly dif-

ferent from that alleged. Such a contract as is

a Smith v. M'l-er, 9 Whe,7t. Rep. 532. b C ,p. Eq. P1. 33. Pr. Reg. 299. Bart. E!. 31. n. 1.

Hinde's Ch. 2. 1 Vern. Rep. 10. 5 Wheat. Rep. 313. 9 Whea..

Rep. 842.

VoL.XI

i

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
v Harding
V.
Handy.

alleged, and now attempted to be enforced, is deficient in mutuahty.a It, also, virtually admits
the sanity and competency of the grantor, Comfort W., which is now made the ground for set-

H.aVn. dy Harding.

ting aside the deeds.
5. If, however, he was in the state of mind in which the bill represents him, the plaintiffs, by their agent, participated in the fraud, and, therefore, have no right to call upon a Court of equity to interfere, to relieve them from the web in which they have entangled themselves."
6. The plaintiffs are barred by lapse of time. 7. The decree sanctions an attempt to establish a contract concerning lands, and a trust in real estate, by parol evidence. The proof of a trust lies on the party who alleges it.c In this case, the conveyances are absolute on the face of them, and the evidence of a trust is wholly aliunde. To warrant the Court in decreeing the execution of a parol declaration of trust, the evidence should be plain and unambiguous.- The taking the conveyance was not in part performance. The. act of part performance- must be such as the party would not have done with any .other view than in execution of the alleged agreement.e This secret trust, and the allegation of part performance, are both denied by the an-

a Newl. Contr. 152. b 14 Ves.-Rep. 288. c Prevost v. Gratz, 1 Peters. Rep. C. C. s64. Rep. 494. d Wharton'sDig. 580. e 4 Ves.jr. Rep. 108.

S. C. 6 Wheat.

OF TIlE UNITED STATES.

3wer, avd this settles the question.a The secret trust cailnot be proved by parol testimony, especially where it is made with a stranger to the estate without consideration.
8. The bill does not distinctly allege the incompetency of Comfort W., and the imposition said to have been practised on him, so as to put these facts in issue. The decree must conform to the allegata. Some substantial ground must be stated. Old .age alone is not sufficient.0
9. If these facts had been ever so distinctly put in issue, they have not been proved. Where fraud is alleged, it must be fully proved, and will not be presumed I The presumption of law is in favour of a party executing an instrument.e The question is confined to the state of mind at. the time of executing the instrument! Two witnesses'deposing sane menti, are to be credited before a hundred proving insanity.5 The law will not measure a man's understanding, and a partial diminution of intellect is not .sufficient to invalidate the deeds; nor is there any such thing as an equitable incapacity, where there is a

1826.
Harding
v.
Handy.
Handy Harding.

a 6 res. Rep. 39. b 2 Johns. Ch. 405. 7 Ci'anch'sRep. 176. 11 Mass. Rep. 342. 13 Mass. Rep. 443. 4 East's Rep. 577. n. 1 -Eden's
Rep. 515. 1 Cox's Rep. 15.
c 1 Ves.jr. 19,20. 4 Desauss.518. d Cas. temp. Talb. 116. I Mad. ch. 208. e 5 Johns. ftqf. 158. 3 Bac. Abr. 527. 540. f 13 Ves. Rep. 88. 8 Mass. Rep. 371. q Co. Litt. 246. b. note (1.)

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1826. legal capacity.a Fraud of this description is ;HaWrdfinrgWnequally cognizable at law, and in equity; and the
v. Court of Chancery will not set aside a will of uandy. lands on that ground, without directing an is-
HaVn.dy SUC.5
Harding ' 10. The decree is inconsistent both with the
allegations in the bill, and with itself. It is a bill with a double aspect. It charges incompetency in the grantor, and prays that the estate may be exonerated; it also charges a trust, and prays an account, and general relief. The decree declares that the grantor was incompetent, and his conveyance invalid, anti yet does not exonerate the estate from them. A deed cannot be set aside partially on the ground of fraud. If set aside at all, it must be in toto.c The decree proceeds on the ground of imposition, and grants a relief which.could only apply to the pretended trust, which necessarily implies capacity in the grantor. It does not pass on the conveyance from the administrator of Comfort W., to the defendant, Caleb W. So long as the legal estate remains in him under that deed, the right of the plaintiffs is a nonentity.
11. The Master's report is erroneous on seve-
ral grounds, and ought to have been set aside. (1.) Because, in taking the account, he refused to receive the testimony of the defendant, Handy, when it was competent and credible. (2.) The

a 1 Madd. Ch. 223, 224. 6 3 Bac. Abr. 321. 2 Atk. Rep. 424. 2 Ves.jr. 287. 1 Madd. Ch. 206. 4 2 Ves.jr. Rtp. 408. 8 Ak. Rep. 281.

3 Atk. Rep. 17.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

117

Master required evidence of the consideration of a promissory note, when the signature was sUfficiently proved.a (3.) He held, also, that where a party charges himself with a certain sum, and
at the same time discharges himself, it shall be evidence against him, but not for him., The other exceptions to the Master's report were also minutely di-4cussed ; but it is not thought necessary to state then, as they are enumerated, and
fully examined, in the judgment of this Court. 12. The final decree is erroneous in several
particulars. (I.) In directing a sale of the property under the circumstances. (2.) Because it purports to bind, and does affect the interest of those who are not parties. (3.) Because it
wholly omits to provide for the defendant, Handy, as tenant by the curtesy (4.) Because it does not, unless by implication, determine all the matters in issue, and which ought to have been decided.

1826. IH=arding
r. Handy.
Handy Harding.

Mr. Wheaton, for the plaintiff below, in reply, as to the want of proper parties, argued, that, as Uy the local law, one coparcener could maintain an action at law for his share of. the real estate, the same rule of proceeding would b, -idopted in
equity. Under the peculiar circumstances of the case, the Court below had considered the defendant, Caleb W., as legal owner under the administration sale, sufficiently representing all

a Mandeville v. Welch, 5 Wheat. Rep. 282. b Ambl. Rep. 589. 1 Ves. jr.Rep. 546.

GASES IN TIE SUPREME COURT

1826. the parties who could claim any beneficial inte-
Harding Srest; and he (as in eff ct a plaintiff) submitted V. to any decree the Court could make in favour of
Handy., the plaintiffs. Besides, the nature of tile jurist

Handy H"aing.

diction of the Courts of the Union, which was derived from the character of the parties as citizens. of-different States, wQuld prevent their insisting upon parties who were not absolutely necessary to the determination of the mrits of the cause as between the parti 's before the Court., But, in this case, the Court might apply the analogous rule, as to next of kin suing for distributive shares of personal property, one of whom may sue, and the rest may come in under the de-
cree.b Upon the merits, he insisted, that the question
as to the capacity of the grantor was not a question of absolute insanity. All the cases show, that the Court will interfere wherever a peculiar relation has been abused to influence or impose upon a person of weak mind. A commission of lunacy is not, by the modern practice of the Court of Chancery, confined to cases of strict insanity, but is applied to cases of imbecility of mind, to the extent if rncapac'tq, from any cause, as disease, age, or habitwd irtoxication.c This principle is fully developed by Lord Erskine in Ex parte Craminer.d It was not, therefore, ne-

a Russell v. Clark, 7 Cra,ch' Rep. 98. b Coop. Eq. 39, 4". c Ridgway v. Darwin, 8 Ves: Rep. 65. d 12 Fes. Rep. 445.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

119

cessary to show that the grantor was absolutely non com os nentis in a strict legal sense, still less was it necessary to prove that he was incapable at the precise moment the deeds were executed.
As to the defects in the pleadings, and the other infornialities in the proceedings, it was said that the Court would look with an indulgent eye upon the pleadings and practice in equity causes in those States, where, no State Court of Chancery existing, the forms of proceeding were less familiar to practitioners. But, it was insisted, that the bill contained a sufficient allegation of the incapacity of Comfort W. to execute the deeds in question, to put that fact.distinctly in issue, and it had been met responsively by the answer of the defendant, Handy, explicitly denying it.

1826. -
Harding
v. Handy.
HaVn.dy H.ding.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the March sLr.

opinion of the Court, and, after stating the case,

proceeded as follows:

The counsel for Asa Handy contend, that the

bill seeks to set up a parol trust, which is denied

in the answer, and that the de'ree is founded on

a supposed incompetency (if Comfort Wheaton

to convey his property. The decree, therefore,

is not supported by the allegations of the bill. cDodeicnrgeeto athce-

They, also, contend, that the decree is not sus- awecliligasaprobaa-

tained by the probfs in the cause.

Ia. Factofthe

That the bill alleges the conveyances of the oncfor~et.c

9th of May to have been received for the benefit to putit of the family, is unquestionable; but this is no0ti%.dictly in,

120

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. 'v%.
Havding
v. Hsdy
u dt Hardvg.

incompatible with the incompetency of Comfort Wheaton to execute them. Deeds may be oh-
lained from a weak man for the purpose of preserving his estate for himself and family, and of
protecting him from the impositions to which he
might be exposed; and there is nothing to restrain one of the heirs, who may think himself
aggrieved, from bringing the whole case before a Court of equity. If, indeed, it were true in fact, that the bill does not allege this incompetency so as to put it in issue, the objection would be conclusive; for, it is well settled, that the decree must conform to the allegations of the parties. But, we think, this bill is not justly exposed to this objection. It states the general correct conduct of C. W. during the life of his wife; that, soon after her decease, he was visited by a paralytic stroke, which was followed by a total change in his conduct. He was addicted to intoxication, and to many vicious habits, in the course of which, fears were excited in his flmily that he would waste all his property, or convey it to his profligate companions. They consulted together, and with their friends; and the first proposition was, to apply to the Court for a guardian to manage his affairs, according to the law of Rhode Island in such cases. It was, however, finally agreed, that Asa Handy should obtain deeds for his property, and hold it for the use of C. W. during his life, and of his heirs after his death. The bill then proceeds to state, that the said Asa Handy, knowing the premises, did induce the said Comfort, " he being in the state and condi-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

tion of body and mind aforesaid," for the nominal

consideration of 2,178 dollars, to make the con-

veyances in the bill mentioned.

Although a more direct and positive allegation

that C. W. was incapable of transacting busi-

ness, would have been more satisfactory than

the detail of circumstances from which the con-

clusion is drawn, yet,f we think, that the'aver-

ment 'of his incompetency is sufficiently explicit

to make it a question in the cause. The de-

fendant has met this charge, and we cannot

doubt that his answer is sufficiently responsive

to the bill, to give him all the benefit which the

rules of equity allow to an answer in such cir-

cumstances.

We proceed, then, to look into the proofs in the cause, and to inquire whether the testirpony

establishes the incompetency of C. W. -whenthese

deeds were executed.

We have examined with attention the immense

mass of contradictory evidence which the record

contains. A number of persons, and, among

others, the witnesses to the deeds, express the

opinion that he was capable of managing his af-

fairs, and of disposing of his property. This

evidence, however, is met by such a mass of op-

posing testimony as can scarcely be resisted.

Among the numerous witnesses who testify to

the imbecility, of his mind, are many who had,

been long and intimate acquaintances. All his

physicians concur in stating, in strong and de-

cided terms, the weakness of his mind, as well as

VoL.,XI.

16

1826.
HaIgrding
V.
HaVn. dy Harding.
Proofsofthe oteno

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Harding
T.
Handy.

his body, which they ascribe chiefly to the character of his disease. One of them, Doctor
Barrows, attended him about the time these deeds were executed. He says, " with regard to the

Handy Harding.

state of his mind, at all times when I saw him
within the said period, (from the 1st of March to the 25th of November, 1809,) 1 can say, that he appeared to me wholly incapacitated to transact any money business, or to have the care jf any concerns whatever. It is my opinion, that the decay of his mental faculties was such as to induce that state of fatuity which would unfit hini for all the purposes relative to the affairs of life, except obeying the various calls of nature." Some of the witnesses add to their opinion of his imbecility, some circumstances on which the opinion is founded, which cannot fail to make a
deep impression on the mind. Ziba Olney says, that he was acquainted with C. W. for the last five years of his life, who, for the last fifteen months of them, resided in his family. "That during the whole of .these times he appeared to be childish, and incapable of transacting any business. The reasons of this opinion are, that he would frequently repeat the same questions, and would, several times in the same day, ask what day of the week it was. At short intervals, he would talk rationally, and then would. break off from conversation to singing, and from that to
crying. That he would frequently go out in the night and day, naked except his shirt. That he would frequently break out in profane language, and, at other times, preach." Several other

OF THE UNITED STATES.

123

witnesses describe the situation and conduct of this afflicted old gentleman, in a manner to add great weight to their opinion, tlmt his faculties were prostrated. Many even of those witnesses who depose to his competency, declare, that the public opinion and language of his neighbourhood was, that his mind was deplorably impaired ;. and the conduct and declarations of his family, including the defendant, Asa Handy himself, show a settled conviction that C. W. was incapable of managing his affairs.
There is evidence of the consultations in which Handy participated, previous to the deeds of the 9th of May, for putting the old gentleman and his estate under guardianship ; and there is, also, evidence of similar Consultation respecting the propriety of procuring a conveyance of his property, in order to-save it for himself and his family. This may niot be admissible as proof of a trust ; but it is strong evidence of a conviction, that the person from whom the deed was to be obtained was unfit for the management of his own affairs. Among other testimony to this poini, Abner Daggett deposes, that Asa Handy asked him if he had a notion of buying his father Wheaton's lot-? The witness answered, that he had had some conversation with Wheaton about it; upon which Handy said, Wheaton was no more capable of selling his estate than a child. The witness was deterred from purchasing, though he wished to acquire the lot, by the fear of subsequent controversy.
The great and sudden revolution in the whole

1826. O
Harding
V.
Handy.
Handy
HarVifg.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
',nHgarding
V. Handy.

conduct of C. W., immediately after the first paralytic stroke, viewed in connexinn with his ad-
vanced age, is a strong circumstance in corroboration of the opinion that his mind was diseased.

HaVn.dy A sober, prudent, reflecting, and moral man, Harding. between seventy and eighty years of age, min-
gles with profligate people, to whom he devotes

himself, and becomes suddenly intemperate, immoral, and childishly whimsical and indiscreet, so that his nearest friends think it necessary to put it out of his power to ruin himself.
The terms on which this old gentleman stood with his family, are not entirely unworthy of consideration. But two of his children, Caleb, and Mary, the wife of the defendant Asa, lived near
him. From causes, some of which may be discerned in the record, he was on ill terms with Caleb. One of the witnesses deposes, that he said, on one occasion, "You know; AsaJI made you.the deeds to spite Caleb." There is other testimony to the same effect. The necessary consequence of this quarrel with Caleb, was, to subject him, in an increased degree, to the influence of Mary Handy and her husband, and exposes the deeds conveying all his property to them, to an increased degree of suspicion.
The inadequacy of the consideration, as stated in the bonds referred to in the answer, furnishes an additional argument against these deeds. It was chiefly the support. of C. W. for the residue of his life. This proved to be five years, which was a longer time than his age, and state of health, at the time of the transaction, rendered

OF THE UNITED STATES.

probable ; but which was certainly not a full con- 1826.

sideration for the property. These various circumstances add so much
weight to the opinions of those who depose to the

Harding
V.
Handy.

incompetence of C. W.,that the mind cannot Handy

withhold its assent from that conclusion. An Harding.

issue, indeed, might have been directed ; but we An issue unne-
do not think it a case in which this course ought cessary, and if to have been pursued. The degree of weakness, rected, the it had been di-
verdict would
or of imposition, which ought to induce a Courtnot have been of Chancery to set aside a conveyance, is proper cnclusiv.

for the consideration of the Court itself; and

there seems to be no reason for the intervention

of a jury, unless the case be one in which the

Court would be satisfied with the verdict, however

it might be found. A verdict affirming the capa-

city of C. W. to execute these deeds on the 9th

of May, 1805, could not, we think, have been

satisfactory to the Court; and it was, consequent-

ly, not necessary to refer the question of compe-

tency to a jury. If these deeds were obtained by the exercise Deeds set
aside, on ac-
of undue influence over a man whose mind hadcounudnute ofinftluh-e
ceased to be the safe guide of his actions, it is once exercised
upontlue-rant-
against conscience for him who has obtainedo..

them to derive any advantage' from them. It is

the peculiar province of a Court of conscience, to

set them aside. That a Court of equity will in-

terpose in such a case, is among its best settled

principles. The cases cited in the argument,

which we will not repeat, place this beyond the possibility of question. It was, therefore, pro-

per to set aside the deeds, and to direct the de-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
1aHradrdiinng V.
Handy.

fendant, Handy, to account for the money he had
received under them. But, although that defendant ought not to be
permitted to benefit himself by his own impro-

HaVn.dy per act, it is not reasonable that he should be

Harding. burthened with the debts of C. W., and the exEstate to stand penses of his maintenance. These are proper charged with charges on the estate itself. So are inprovements
advancesinade
bythe grantee. and repairs which eiihanced the rents, and the
value of the estate. As a defendant in equity, Asa Handy has certainly a right to retain them,
and to receive credit for them in the account which was directed by the Circuit Court.
There is, wve think, no error in the manner in which the account was directed to be taken.
The parties were heard before the Master, who, after a very laborious and comprehensive examination of their accounts, has made a voluminous report, to which both parties have excepted. The Court It maybe observed, generally, that it is not the
does not in-
vestigate the province of a Court to investigate items of an
items of an ac-
cvoieuwntt,hneurMarse--account. The report of the-master is received teexrc'espt aespo,tto,as true, when no exception is taken -'and the exsuch mtterceptions are to be regarded so far only as they

as arespecifd p'
itinontsh,eanedxe%he,are supported by the special statements of the

parts of theMaster, or by evidence, which ought to be brought

evidence par-before the Court by a reference to the particular

ticularly refer-

red to.

testimony on which the exceptot" relies. Were

it otherwise, were the Court to look into the immense mass of testimony laid before the Commissioner, the reference to him would be of little

OF THE UNITED STATES.

avail. Slich testimony, indeed, need not be re- 1826.

ported farther than it is relied on to support, ex- HHaarrdiinng

plain, or oppose, a p-nrticular exception.

I.

1. The first exception made by Handy is, that Handy.

only the sum of 5,448 dollars 26 cents, were al- Handy

lowed

him

by the

Commissioner,

instead of

hoisf

'r.

101,167 dollars, 60 cents, the amount

claim. This is a general exception, which com-

prehends, it is supposed, the particular alleged

errors enumerated in the subsequent excep-

tions.

2. The second exception is, that the Master

did not admit his whole account on his own

oath.

The conduct observed by the Master on this Rriucleeonofexpcreapc--

point, is thus specially stated by himself. "I uthoens mMaadsetert'so admitted said Asa to make 'oath to all charges,repat.

whether for money, specific articles, or services,

which, from the circumstances of the parties, or

the nature of the charge itself, could not, in my

opinion, be proved by vouchers, or other legal

evidence."

This rule, adopted by the Master, is, in our Testimony of
the party, how
opinion, one to which Handy could make no JSu.stfainr aacdcmouisnstiibnlge

objection There can be no propriety in admit-,betfor"e a Mating the party as a witness to support items ine

an account, which, from their character, admit

of full proof. Of this description are the items

which constitute his third exception. It is the

demand of testimony to support his charges for

repairs and improvements. These repairs and

improvements are susceptible of complete proof;

and, as there could be no difficulty.in procuring

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. ' Harding
V.
Handy.

it, the Commissioner did. right in requiring it. The fourth ex'eption is to the rejection of his oath to discharge himself from rents, which; as he alleged, he had not received.

Handy Harding.

The Commissioner has made considerable deductions from the total amount of rent, if calculated for the whole time, but has rejected the oath of Handy, because he admitted that he had kept legers in which his receipts of rents were regularly entered, which were still in his possession, but which he refused to produce. The decision of the Master on this point was so obviously right, that it need only be stated to be approved.
5. The fifth exception is, that the Master has not allowed for repairs and improvements ac-
cording to the measurement of Nathan Parks, which was on oath, but according to the estimate of John Newman, whi-ch was not founded on actual measurement, but made principally by the eye.
The Master reports, that, " in addition to the evidence produced by the parties, I appointed John Newman, an experienced and skilful measurer of carpenters' work, to go on the premises, together with the said IIandy and myself, and to measure afid estimate all such repairs, and alterations, and buildings, as said Handy, being under oath, should point out as being made and executed by him." The estimate of the said Newman, with his deposition, are referred to, and annexed to the report.
Newman deposes, that his estimate is founded

OF THE UNITED STATES.

129

on actual measurement, except parts of the roof 1826.

of one building, which he took from the measure-
ment of Nathan Parks, and of another, in which he was guided by the statement made by Handy

Harding
v.
Handy.

himself of-the length of the rafters, which ac- Handy

corded with his own estimate.

v.

That a measurement thus made and proved, Harding.

was entitled to more respect than the ex parte

measurement of Parks, cannot be doubted.

6. An exception is also taken to the report, be-

cause it disallows the charge made by Handy of

a note, which he says was proved.

This exception, it is presumed, was not taken

before the Master, as he does not notice it, and

it is too vague to be regarded. Neither the note,

nor the ground on which payment is claimed,

nor its amount, nor the reasons of its rejection,

are stated; nor is there any reference to the evi-

d&nce in support of it. Nothing is stated to in-

duce a suspicion, that the disallowance of it was

improper. Yet the Court, from its solicitude to

discover whatever the record might contain on

this subject, has looked through the report. No-

thing is said, so far as we can perceive, respect-

ing a note, except in the affidavit of Ziba Olney,

who states, that Asa Handy became the endorser

of some, note for Appleby, which was settled in

some way in the board of C. W., on which note,

he believes, Handy was sued. If this is the note

to which the exception alludes, the claim is ab-

sorbed in the allowance made him for the board

of C. W. But, whether it be the note or not.

VoL. Xr.

17

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. the exception is totally unsupported, and cannot

w3arding Sbe sustained.

V.

7. A seventh exception is, a charge of money

Handy. alleged to have been received of' Doctor Bowen,

Handy V.

although he discharged himself therefrom on oath, in payments of different sums under twenty dollars each.
This is the application to a particular item of the principle contained in the second excep-" tion, and is disposed of with that exception.
8, 9. The eighth exception is a repetition of the objection to the manner in which Handy is charged with repairs, the Master's report respecting which has been already stated to be satisfac-
tory; and the ninth is a repetition of the claim to sustain his accounts on his own oath.
10. The tenth exception is to the requisition made on him to produce his leger, in which entries had been made of the rents he had received ; a requisition to which he objects, because it contained transactions anterior to the entries of rent.
The validity of this objection cannot be admitted. The leger mighii be inspected in the presence of the defendant, Handy, and there could be no propriety in commencing the examination with prior transactions.
11. The eleventh exception respects the calculation of interest. The Commissioner had made what are denominated rests in the account, instead- of calculating interest on each minute item. This mode of calculating receipts and expenditures, in accounts consisting of numeroum

OF THE UNITED STATES.

small items, is recommended by convenience, and has been generally adopted. It seems to have been properly adopted in this case.
12. The twelfth and-last exception, is a repe-
tition of the often repeated, and .as often reject-
ed claim, to be admitted to swear to his whole account.
The original plaintiffs except (1.' to the allowance made to the said Asa Handy for buildings which were erected on the lot after the death of C. W., which are said to be no advantage to it.
But there is no proof, and no reason to believe, that these buildings were not a real advantage to the property, and did not increase the rent and the value. This exception, therefore. was properly overruled.
2. The second exception is to the admission of the said Handy's oath, in cases in which he refused to produce his books, and the books of C.W.
No example of this admission is given, nor is there any proof in support of the exception. The rule by which the Master was governed has been already stated and approved.
3. The third exception is a repetition of the objection to the admission of items in the account of Handy, on his own oath; and is answered by a reference to that part of the report which relates to this subject, and which has been already
stated.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh exceptions, are totally unsupported by evidence, and, oconsequently, cannot be sustained.

1826.
Harding
v.
Handy.
Handy
Havrding.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Flarding
V.
Handy.

We think the Circuit Court did right in con-

Sfirming

the report of the Commissioner.

Upon the return of this report, the Circuit Court directed the estates to be sold, and the

Handy money due to the said Asa Handy to be paid, in

Hi the first instance, and that one fifth of rue resi-

due should be paid to each of the plaintiffs, that

being the distributive share of each under the

law of Rhode Island. The decree proceeds to

authorize .the heirs who were not made parties

to come in and receive their distributive shares,

on paying their proportion of the costs and

charges of suit.

The objection to this decree is, that the chil-

dren of Mary Handy, and the children of Daniel

Wheaton, are not parties to the suit.

All tle lheis 0 It has been supposed, that it is not necessary, bemd pin Rhode Island, to make all the heirs parties,

the jurisdic-

l~so ht~

tion of the because, by the laws of that State, parceners

Court.

can sue separately for their respective portions

of the estate of their ancestor. This law would, undoubtedly, be regarded; in a suit brought on the common law side of the Circuit Court. Its influence on a suit in equity is not so certain. But, however this may be, we are satisfied that a sale ought not to have*been ordvred, unless all the heirs had been before the Court as plaintiffs
or defendants. Although the legal estate may be in Caleb Wheaton under the deed made by the administrator, yet he acknowledges himself, to be a trustee for the heirs, having purchased for their benefit. They have, therefore, a vested equitable interest in the property, of which they

OF THE UNITED STATES.

133

ought not to be deprived without being heard. They may choose to come to a partition, and to redeem their shares by paying their proportion of the money with which the estate is charged. The bill does not state, that the heirs who are not made parties are unwilling to become so, or cannot be made defendants by the service of process. We think, then, tiat there is error in pi-bceeding to decree a sale, without bringing all those heirs before the Court who can be brought before it ; and for this error, the decree must be reversed, and the cause sent back, with liberty to the plaintiffs o amend their bill by making proper parties. If all the heirs cannot be brought before the Court, the undivided interest of those who do appear, is to be sold, and the lien of Asa Handy is to remain on the part or parts unsold, to secure the payment of so much of the money due to him as those parts may be justly chargeable with.

1826.
Harding
v.
Handy.
Handy
V.
Harding.

DECREE. These causes came on to be heard, &c. on consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that there is no error in the interlocutory decree, nor in so much of the final decree as approves and confirms the report made by the Master; but there is error in so much thereof as directs a sale of the premises therein mentioned, all the heirs who are shown to be interested in the said premises not being made parties, and it not being shown or alleged that they could not be made parties. So much of the decree, therefore, as directed a sale of the premises in the

CASES TN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

bill mentioned, is REVERSI'D and ANNUl.LED, and the residue thereof is AFMIRMED ; O1Id the cause is remanded to the said Circuit Court, with liberty to the plaintiffs to make all proper parties,
that the whole may be sold if all the heirs can be made parties, otherwise the shares of such as are made parties. Each party to pay his own costs in this Court.

[FEUDAL AND CONSTITUTrONAL LAW. AsSIGNMENT 1Y THL HUSBAND, OF A CHOSE IN ACTION, -BELONOING TO THE WIFE.]
HENRY CASSELL, Adminis/rator of LOUISA
BROWNING,
V.
CHARLES CARROLL of Carrollton.
The title and claim of CharlesLord Baltimore, his heirs and representativesta the quit rents reserved by the Proprietary of the late Province (now State) of Maryland, was extinguished by the agreement between the heirs, devisees, and persona. representatives of the said Lord Baltimore, and of his son and heir, Frederick Lord Baltimore, made in 1780, and confirmed by an act of the Bitish Parliament in 1781.
R1seem, that a bonafide assignment, for a valuable consideration, made by a husband, of a debt actnmIly and piesently due to his wife, devestsrin equity, the title of the wife.
But, however this may be in general, the agreement made in 1780, including the quit-rents then aetmally due (if at all) to Louia Browning, the daughter of Charles Lord Baltimore, and assigning them to Henry Harford, the devisea of Frederick Lord Baltimore, having been entered into in Ergland, by the husband of Louisa Browning and net committee, (she being a luatie,) and the consideration having actually gone benficiaily for her use; and the

OF THE UNITED STATES;
[DEVISE.]
WA LKER and Wife, Appellanb. against
CYRUS GRIFFIN'S Heirs, Respondents.

375
1826.
Walker
V.
Griffins 'Heirs.

Devise' of the testator's estate, "One fourth part ta be given to xe families of G. Holloway, W. B. Blackbourn, and A. Bartlett, to those of their children that my wife shall think proper, but in a greater proportion to F. P. Holloway, than to any other of-G. Holloway's children ; to, E. P. Bartlett in a greater proportion than any of A. Bartlett's children. The balance to be given to thefamilies of C. and J. T. Griflim's children, in equal proportion." Hld,that the children of C. and J.T. Griffin tookper 8tirpe ,and notper capita,and that the property devised to them was to be divided into two equal parts, one moiety to be assigned7 to each fa-
mily.

THIS cause was submitted without argument.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the Marh'loth.
opinion of the Court. This case depends entirely on the will of
Francis Peart, deceased. The testator had de-
vised his estate to the County Court of Woodford, in trust for purposes therein mentioned; after which he adds, "Should the County Court of Woodford not have a right to take into possession this donation of the vithin will, I do request one fourth part to be given to the famnilies of G. ,Holloway, William B. Blackbourn, and A. Bart-
lett, to those of their children that my wife may think proper; but in a greater proportion to Fran-

376

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
%s%.
Walker
V.e
Grin's
Heirs.

cis P. Holloway than any other of G. Holloway,4 children; to Elizabeth P. Bartlett in a greater proportion than any of A. Bartlett's children. The balance to be given to the families of Cyrus
and John T. Griffin's children, in equal proportion."
The devise to the County Court of Woodford was held void; and thereupon the heirs of Cyrus Griffin, who was dead at the time the will was
made, brought a friendly suit against the heirs of John T. Griffin, whowas also dead, in the Circuit Court for the District of Kentucky, for a division of the property. The Circuit Court decided, that the children were entitled to it in exclusion of the grandchildren, whose parents were living, and that all the children should take in eqjual proportion. From this decree the heirs of John Taylor Griffin have appealed to this Court.
It is apparent, that in the devise of one fourth to the families of G. Holloway, William B. Blackbourn, and A. Bartlett, the testator intended to designate the children in exclusion of the grandchildren, because, he adds, "to those of their children that my wife may think proper :" obviously *having the children only in his mind, and not taking grandchildren into view. When, in the same paragraph, and in the suc-
ceeding sentence, he uses the same word in the devise to the families of Cyrus and John T. Griffin, he must be supposed to have used it in the same sense, unless the additional words, " children to take in equal proportion," should
Aow a change of intention, and that the property

OF THE UNITED STAITES.

was given to the children of the families, and

not to the families themselves.

The use of the words, families of Cyrus and

John T. Griffin's children, to designate the grand-

children of Cyrus and John T. Griffin, would

certainly be an unusual as well as awkward mode

of describing them, and we think there is no ne-

cessity for resorting to this construction. The

introduction of these words is to be readily ac-

counted for. In the preceding devise, the testa-

tor had directed the children of two of the fami-

lies to take unequally. In this he intended them

to take equally; and, therefore, makes that pro-

vision. ,

The more difficult inquiry is, whether the pro-

perty is to be divided into two equal parts, the

one to be assigned to the family of Cyrus,.and

the other to the family of John T. Griffin; or is

to be divided equally among all the children of

the two stocks.

In solving this difficulty, it becomes necessary

again to resort to the preceding sentence,.

The families of G. Holloway, Win. P. Black-

bourn, and A. Bartlett, take, each family, as asingle

delisee. Whatever may be the number of persons

composing the family, and however unequal may

be their number, they take, collectively, distinct

and equal shares by families; each family con-

stituting an individual devisee. This would be,

we think, the natural import of the words, if un-,

explained by others. But, we think, this con-

struction is strengthened by the :residue of the

VoL. Xr.

48

1826.
Walker
GrifVfin.'s
Heirs..

-78
.1826.
Walker
GrifVfin.'s Heirs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
sentence. The testator adds, " to those of their childUren that my wife may think Itroper, but in a greater proportion to F. P. H. than to any other of G. H.'s children, to E. P. -B. in a greater proportion than to any of A. B.'s children."
These words show, that the inequalities intended by the testator were between children of the same family, not between the families. Francis P. Holloway was to have more, not than any of those who took under the devise, but than any other of G. Holloway's children. So with respect to. Elizabeth P. Bartlett. In each case the share of the. family is to be distributed among the children of the family at the discretion of the wife ; that discretion being limited so far only that F.P. H. should have more than any other of G. H.'s children, and E. P. B. more than any of A. Bartlett's children.
We think it perfectly clear, that the families take in equal proportions.
It is reasonable to suppose, that the same intention was preserved with regaid to the families of Cyrus and John T. Griffin, and the words must receive the same construction if not controlled by those with which they are connected. Had the devise been to the families of Cyrus and John T. Griffin, the natural and obvious construction -would have been, that the families took equally. We are, then, to iifquire, what is the effect of the additional words, " children in 6qua proportioh2' Cyrus Griffin, and John T. .Giffin, Were both dead, Cyrus leaving four, aid John' T. Griffin two children, who were living at

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the death of the testator, and were the objects of this devise. Had he intended them to take equally, the natural mode of expressing that intention, would have been to devise the property to the children- of Cyrus and John T. Griffin. They would then have taken 'individually, and not by families ; but the testator directs them to take by families. Why,,then, are the words, "childrdn in equal proportion," added ? The testator had, in the preceding sentence, devised a part of the same property to three families, and had directed that the children of each should take unequally. Proceeding immediately to the two families of the Griffins, it was natural, though not necessary, to express his wish that'the children should take equally. But neither in this,nor in the preceding devise, does he mingle the children of the different families in one mass. He speaks of them severally by families. We are, therefore, of opinion, that the children of Cyrus and John T. Griffin, take by families, and that the property devised to them is to be divided into~two equal parts, one inoiety to be assigned to each family.

379 1826.
Gr Heirs.

DECRE!. This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the Circuit Court for the District of Kentucky, &c. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the children of Cyrus and John T. Griffin took the property devised to them in the will of Francis Peart, deceased, by families. This Court is, therefore, of opinion, that the decree of the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Patterson
v.
Winn;

Circuit Court is erroneous, insomuch as it directs the, said property to be divided among the said children per capitai and not per stirpes, and ought to be REVERSE D; and this Court doth so far

REVERSE the same; and in all things else it is AFFIRMIED. And the cause is remanded to the said Circuit Court, that farther proceedings may be had therein according to law.

[LOCAL LAW.1
DoE, ex dem. PATTERSON, against WINN and Others.
Ifi general, the validity of a patent for lands can only be impeachedfor causes anterior to its being issued, in a Court of equity. But where the grant is absolutely void, as where the State has no title, or the officer has no authority to issue the grant, the validity of the grant may be contested at law.
The laws of Georgia, in the year 1787, did not prohibit the issuing of a patent to any one person for more than 1,000 acres of land. The proviso in the act of Assembly of the 17th of February, 1783, limiting the quantity to that number, is exclusively confined to head-rights.
Feb. 24th. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Berrien and Mr. Wilde, for the plaintiff, and by Mr. White, for the defendant.
Jarch8th. , Mr. Justice THomPso-N delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes up from the Circuit Court for

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the declaration; but the jury have a right to add interest, by way of damages, for the delay.
Some other objections have been suggested at the bar, such as, that the jury had no right, without evidence, to presume that there was no other note of Wood & Ebert, in order to help the misdescription ; and.that the case proved was of several liabilities of - the defendants, which
would not support a declaration on a joint contract. These questions have been fully argued by counsel, but arenot presented by the record in such a shape as to enable the Court to take cognizance of them.
Upon the whole, it is the opinion of the Court that the judgment ought to be affirmed, with
'costs.

1826.
Miller's
Heirs M'htir .

"LocaL LAW.1
MILLER-s Heirs againstM'INTIRE & Others.
Quare. Whether the compact of 1789, between Virginia and' Kentucky, restrained the legislature of Kentucky from' prolonging the time for surveying one entry to the prejudice of another?
By the construction of the act of Kentucky of -1797; granting furtier time for making surveys, with a proviso, allowing to infants, &c. threb years after their several disabilities are removed to complete surveys on their entries; if any one or more of the joint owners be under the disability of infancy, &c. it brings the entry with in the saving of the proviso, as to all of the other owners rom. X5.

442

CASES EN THE, SUPREME COURT

1826. THIS cause was-argued by Mr. Sheffey for the

·Aliller''s appellants, and by Mr. Talbot for the respond-

licirs
V.

ents.

M'Tintire;
MarchJd. Mr.' Chief Justice MARSHALt, delivered the

Vfarch Ith. opinion of the Court.

This is an appeal from a decree of the Circuit

Court of the United States for the District of

Kentucky, by which the bill of the plaintifls was

dismissed proforma.

An original bill was filed by Miller's heirs, in

the year 1808, to obtain from the defendants

therein mentioned, the legal title to lands in their

possession, to which the plaintiffs claimed the,

equitable right under a prior entry. The decree

made by the-Court, in that cause, against several

of the defendants, was brought before this Court

'by appeal, and in that case the Court' determined

in favour of, the entry 'under which the title of

the plainitiffs arose. - (2 Wheat. Rep. 316.) An

amended bill was lile4 in 1815, against the pre-

sent ddfendants in error, who, in their answer,

contend, among other things, that the title of the

plaihtiffs has been forfeited by failink 'to 'make

their survey within the time prescribed by the.

laws of Virgihia; and that the' .compact between

the two States restrained Kentucky froma Varying.

in any 'manner the laws by. which-titles origina-

ting anterior to the separation, are to -be ,go-

'verned.

Henry, Miller, for whoni the, ntry. wvas made,

died in March or April;-1796, having first-made

his last Will in writing; by 4hich he devised his

OF TE-UNITED STATES.

443

lands td be sold ftdr tle benefit of all his children, 1826. many of whom weire" mirors.
'The time allowed for making surveys, by tlhe Heirs first law on that subject, had expired, but the timie M'lti had "been prolonged, first by the legislature, of Virginia, and afterwards' by that -of-Kentucky'
until after the deatly'of Miller, dnd the actof 1797, which gave still farther time, contained a saving of the rights of infants.. In April, 1804, while the savin- still existed, the survey was' made.
In the case formerly decided in this Court,. it was determined that Miller's heirs came within the saving of the act of 1797, but the compact
between the two States was not',then brought into view, and the counsel for the appellees insist that it applies to'this case, and restrains the legis. lature of Kentucky from prolonging the time for surveying one entry to the prejudice of another. On this point a difference of.opinion exists among the Judges." Some think, that a second entry is not .authorized by the land law of Kentucky, and that no title can be acquired tinder it. A grant,_ therefore, that is founded on it is totally void, and the grantee cannot hold the land under it even after the original entry became forfeited. The land, on skich forfeiture, became vacant, and it was competent to the legislature to grant it by an original warrant, or to revive or to continle, the right held under ,the first entry.
Others are of opinion, that a subsequent entryis not absolutely'void, but has been considered as a valid appropriation of the land, unless it shall

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. be encountered by a better title. That the re-
M 'moval or extinguishment of that better title, Heirs levves the- holder of a grant, founded on a junior
Xipitire, entry, the true-legal owner of the land it purports to convey. They think the practice of the Court, to direct the elder grantee to convey to the person claiming the equitable title, is strong evidence of the prevailing opinion, that a subsequent locater acquired a conditional interest, which might be ripened into title by the failure of the person holding the original entry to proceed as directed by law. But, they think, also, that this mere possibility could not attach itself absolutely to the land, until it became vacant by the laches of the person who had made the first appropriation. Till such vacancy actually becurred; the power remained with the State to give farther time for perfecting titles. Limitations of time, in this respect, were intended chiefly for the benefit of the State, since it was not the course of the government to tax.unpatented lands. The State, therefore, might grant indulgences in this respect without giving just cause of complaint to a person whose interest, it he had any, was potential, not vested ; was rather a pre-emption to the exclusion of others -subsequent to himself, than a positive acquisition which could in any manner interfere with the -rights of the person who had made a previous appropriation. Without determining either of the p6ints on which this difference exists, the Court "isof opinion, that Miller's heirs are within the savings -of the act giving farther time to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

445

owners, of lands to survey the same, and for -returning plats and certificates to the Register's office, passed in the year 1797, and may maintain this suit, if no other objection exists to the title.
There seems to have been some confusion at the trial respecting testimony, and, from the manner in which the cause is brought up, the parties are placed under circumstances in-this Court which throw difficulties in the way of the investigation of the title on its real merits. We do not think such a defence is made out by the defendants as to justify an affirmance of the decree dismissing the bill ; nor are we satisfied that the state of the record is such as to enable this Court safely to decree, that the defendants shall convey the lands, they hold within the patent of the plaintiffs. The decree, therefore, must be reversed, and the cause remanded to the Circuit Court, that farther proceedings may be had therein according to equity.

1826. ','WINille'r's
HeVl.rs ,'Intire.

DECREE. This cause came on, &c. ,On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that the right of the plaintiffs was preserved by the act giving further time to the owners of lands to survey the same, and for returning plats and
certificates to the Register's office, passed in the year 1797, and that the survey on which the patent was founded was made in time. This Court doth, therefore, REVERSE the decree of the Circuit Court, dismissing the bill of the plaintiffs, and doth remand the cause to the said Circuit Court, that further proceedings may be had therein according to equity.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
[LoCAL LAw.]

.3'25
1826.
Piles Bouldin.

PIES and Others, Plaintiffs in Error, against
]3 OULDiN and Others, Defendantsin Error.

*nder the statute of limitations of Tennessee of 1797, c. 45. s. 4. peaceable and uninterrupted possession, claiming to hold the land adverse to the claims of all other persons, for seven years, under a grant, or deed of conveyance founded upon a grant, gives acomplete title to the person who has the possession.

THIS cause was argued by Mr. Isaacs,for the Feb. 15sh. 'olaintiffs in error, no counsel appearing for the defendants in error.

Mr. Justice DUVALL delivered the opinion -of.March 101h.
the Court. This cause is brought up by writ of error from
the judgment of the Circuit Court for the District of West Tennessee.
The lessee of Bouldin and others, who were plaintiffs in the Court below, brought an ejectment against Conrad Piles and others, for a tract of land containing 2,500 acres, lying in Overton county, on Wolf river, granted by the State. of North Carolina, by patent dated July 10, 1788, to Thomas'and Robert King, who, by deed bearing date 25th of March, 1793, for a valuable consideration, conveyed the same to David Ross of Virihiia. Ross, bv his last will and testament,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURl

1826.
Piles
v. Boudin.

duly proved and recorded, devised the same to his four children, namely, Eliza Myers, wife of Jacob Myers, Amanda A. Duffield wife of John Duffield, Frederick A. Ross, and David Ross,
jun. the lessors of the plaintiff, as tenants in common in fee.
The defendant, Piles, rested his defence on the location of several grants which were offered in evidence on the trial: (1.) A grant dated 24th of December, 1798, founded on a warrant dated 10th of March, 1780, by the State of North Carolina, to Henry Rowan, for a tract containing 320 acres, called Walnut Grove, lying in Hawkins county, on Spring creek. (2.) A grant bearingthe same date, and founded on the same warrant, by the State of North Carolina to Henry Rowan, for another tract containing 320 acres, adjoining Walnut Grove, and having the same beginning. This tract was conveyed by deed dated 22d of September, 1800, for a valuable consideration, to Conrad Piles, and is described to include a cabin known by the name of Livingston's -abin. (3.) A grant bearing date on the 15th of August, 1800, to Conrad Piles, by the State of Tennessee, for atract lying in Overton county, on Rotton's fork of Wolf river, containing 200 acres; and, (4.) Another tract adjoining the former,- containing the like quantity, granted by patent of the same date to Conrad Piles. Piles possessed both the tracts granted to Rowan; one by purchase, the other by a parol lease for years. All these tracts are located on the plat exhibited on the trial, and none"of the locations were contested The title

OF THE UNITED STATES.

327

of the plaintiffs is admitted to be regularly de-
duced from the first patentee. The defendants read in evidence the tw,'
grants before mentioned from the State of North Carolina to Henry Rowan, for 320 acres each; the first is described as lying in Hawkins county, "beginningon two hickories, an ash, and a Spanish oak, on the north side of Spring'creek; running north 50 poles to a stake; west 335 poles to a stake; south 167 poles to a stake, crossing Spring creek; east 335, poles to a stake; and thence to the beginning." The second tract has the same beginning, calls "to adjoin the first, running east 335 ;poles to a stake, north 167 poles to a stake; west 335 poles to a stake ; then to the beginning." Also, two grants from the State of Tennessee to himself for 200 acres each, dated 15th of August, 1808. These grants interfere with the plaintiff's grant of 2,500 acres, and cover all the land of which the defendant was in possession within the bounds of the plaintiff's grant at the commencement of the suit, viz. the 17th of October, 1817. Nearly one half of Rowan's tract, called Walnut Grove, is included within the tract for which the ejectment is brought ; the settlement called Livingston's cabin lies principally in that part of Walnut Grove thus running foul of the tract'owned by the lessors of the plaintiff. Helm's improvement is contained partly in Walnut Grove, and within one of the tracts of 200 acres granted to Piles, which is included almost wholly in the tract of the lessors of the plaintiff, and includes both Livingston' cabin and Helm's

1826.
Files
v.
Bouldir

328

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Piles
v. Boudin.

settlement. Piles has made another settlement included in the tract called Walnut Grove, a part of which is contained within the lines of the tract for which the ejectment is brought.
The defendant, Piles, proved, that the grants before mentioned, to Rowan' and to himself, covered all the lands of which he was possessed within the grant of the plaintiffs; he also proved, that the grant of Walnut Grove to Rowan included Livingston's cabin as represented on the plat, and that he had been in the peaceable possession thereof for more than eight years before the commencement of this suit; and that he had also been in possession of a piece of ground within one of the grants to himself, and which is also within the plaintiff's grant, and which he had held and cultivated more than eight years before the commencement of this suit; and relied on the statute of limitations. It was also proved, that Rowan, in 1806, had made a parol lease of the tract called Walnut Grove, to one Helm, for six years, in consideration of certain'improvements; that Helm took possession, built a cabin, and cleared a few acres of land; that, in the fall of 1807, Piles bought his lease, and agreed to make the further improvements stipulated, and return the Possession to Rowan; that lie took possession immediately, and continued in possession, claimiing for himself, and not as tenant for Rowan, though he did not mention his claim until after he had bought Helm's lease.
Under these circumstances, the defendant, Piles, by his counsel, moved the Court to instruct

OF THE UNITED STATES.

329

the jury, that if the deed from Rowan to Piles

contained, in its first part, a sufficiently certain

description, according to the evidence, of the land included in Rowan's first grant, that then

they should disregard any subsequent description

therein which should be repugnant to said first

description. And, also,"to charge the jury, that

if the deed from Rowan to the defendant did

not cover said land, yet, that if they believed the

defendant went into possession of the land con-

tained in the said first grant to Rowan, under the

lease from Rowan to Helm, as stated in the evi-

dence, the defendant could defend himself in this

action of ejectment, as tenant of Rowan, without

making his landlord a defendant; that, as be-

tween Rowan and the defendant, he, the defend-

ant, could not change the .nature of his posses-

sion, but that the same would operate for Row-

an's benefit to perfect his title under the statute

of limitations as against the plaintiff and persons

claiming under adversary grants; and that, if the

defendant's possession had perfected Rowan's

title, and made it' a bitter title than the plaintiff's,

then, the defendant having shown a better out-

standing title, the plaintiff would not be entitled

to recover. Which instructions the Court re-

fused to give, but instructed the jury, that Piles

could not avail himself of the statute, and that

his deed from Rowan, by legal construction, did

not cover the land included in Rowan's, first

grant. From this opinion of the Court an ex-

ception was taken.,and the cause is now before

this Court for revision.

ro6. XL

42

1826.
*
riles
V.
Bouldin.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Piles
V.
Bouldin.

The co.unsel for the plaintiffs in error insists that the Circuit .Court erred on both points.
Th6 two grants to Rowan begin at the same place, have the same form and dimensions, and

vinothe contain the same quantity of land. The deed from Court to d Rowan to Piles adopts the courses and distances
terlnihle
force and legal of the second grant precisely, and proceeds to
effect of deeds
g(fiveen,,ce; ianndethie-ddsaribe it as including the cabin commonly callconstruction ed Livingston's cabin; but Livingston's cabin
given in this
wcassecor-is included in the first grant called Walnut re:t. w Grove. The counsel for the plaintiffs in error

contends, that if the first grant is not conveyed by the deed, it is, at least, doubtful which of the, two tracts was intended to be conveyed; ana
that, therefore, it was- a question of location to be settled by the jury, not a question of law to be decided by the Court. But this Court is of a different opinion. Admitting the universality of the maxim, de jure respondent judices, do facto jutratores,it will not be denied, that it is the province of the Court to decide upon the force and legal effect of a sealed instrument. The deed conveys,.by metes and bounds, the land contained in the .§econd grant to Rowan, corresponding precisely, in courses and distances, from the beginning to the given line inclusive ; and will not admit of the construction, that the first tract, called Walnut Grove, was conveyed, merely because it includes Livingston's cabin. The description in the deed was full and complete without reference to Livingston's cabin; the mention of which appears evidently to .be a mistake from inattention in the writer of the deed, and

OF THE UNITED STATES.

3l1

conveyed no right or interest whatever ini the 1826.

first grant. And it is conclusive in the construc-'P-iles '

tion of this deed, that it could not have been the v. intention of either party, that the tract called 3ouldin.

Walnut Grove was intended to b6 conveyed, that

it calls to begin "on the corner of the Walnut

Grove tract." There is no error in the judgment

of the Circuit Court in refusing to instruct the

jury according to th'e first prayer of the couiisel

for the defendant.

The second question arises upon the plea ofposDseessfioonndparto't-

the statute of limitations.

tected by the

By the 4th section of the act of the State of!c)nlimitation:.

Tennessee, passed in the year 1797, ch. 43.

peaceable possession, for seven years, by any

person, under a grant, or deed of conveyance

founded upon a grant, gives a complete title to

the person who has the possession; and all per-

sons who neglect, for that period, to prosecute

their claims, are declared to be for ever barred.

There is the usual saving to infants, &c. In

this case, the record affords abundant proot

which is uncontradicted, that Piles had peacea-

ble and uninierrupted possession of all the set-

tlements made by him, comprehended within the

lines of the plaintiff's grant, and claimed to hold

the-same as his own, adverse to the claims of all

persons whatever. The settlement called Li-

vingston's cabin, and that made by Helm, and

transferred by Helm to Piles,-are included in his

own grant for two hundred acres, dated Augus.

15,1808, and also within the plaintiff's grant, and

principally within that part of Rowan's first

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. grant, which interferes with that of the plainGoverneur's tiffs. His third possession is contained within
Heirs Rowan's first grant, which interferes with the Robertson. plaintiff's grant as has already been stated. All
these possessions, being founded on glants, are protected by.the act of limitations, the provisions of which are too plain to be misunderstood.
On this point, the opinion of the Circuit Court is reversed, and a venirefaciasde novo awarded."
[ALimi. LocAL LAW.]
DoE, ec dem. GOVERNEUR'S Heirs, against Ro.BERTSON and Others.
An alien may lake real property, by grant, whether from the State or a private citizen, aind may hold the same until his title is devested by an inquest of office, or some equivalent proceeding.
The act of Assembly of Virginia of 1779, c. 15. s. S. secured from jescheat all the interest acquired by aliens in real property, previous to the issuing of the patent, and left the rights acquired by them under the patent, to be determined by the general principles of the common law.
The title of an alien thus acquired by patent in 1734, under the laws of Virginia, and subsequently confirmed to him by a legislative act of Kentucky in 1796, and to his heirs, and their grantees, by an act of the same State in 1799, will overreach a grant made by Virginia to a citizen in 1785, and defeat the claim 'of all persons holding under such grant.
These legislative acts were valid, under the compact of 1789, between the States of Virginia and Kentucky.
a Vide agte, Somerville v. Hamilton, Vol. IV. p. 230. Jatton v. Eaton, Vol. 1. p. 476. M'Iver v. Ragan, Vol. I. p. 25. M'lung v. Ross, Vol. V. p. 116. Walker Y. Turner, Vol. IX. P. 541.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the vessel by assuming the government and navi- 1826.

gation of her, or by transfe-rring their obedience "T-h*e-U. S.

from the lawful commander to some other per- v.

son.

Tappan.

Certificate accordingly.

iCONSTRUCTION oF STATUTE.]
The UNITED STATES againstTAPPAN, and Others.
The words " true value," in the I1th section of the duty act of the 20th of April, 1818, c. 961. mean the actual cost of the goods to the importer at the place from which they were imported, and not the current 7r--ket value of the goods at such place.
If the Collector, in fact, suspects that the goods are invoiced belowr the currentmarket value thereof, at the place fron) which they were imported, but does not suspect that they were invoiced below the true and actual cost thereof to the importer, the Collector his no right to direct an appraisement.
But, whenever, in the opinion of the Collector, there is just ground to suspect that the invoice does not truly state the actual cost of the goods, he may direct the appraisement, and is not bound to disclose the grounds upon which he forms that opinion, whether it is formed from his knowledge or information of the current market price of the goods, or other circumstances affording grounds to suspect the invoice to be fraudulent.
THIS cause was argued by the Attorney Ge- Afare7th wneral and Mr. Blake, for the plaintiffs, and by Mr. Webster, for the defendant.
Mr. Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion Marchli.St . of the Court.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. This is an action of debt upon a duty bonid, ' Vhe ,U,. S.' under the act of the 20th of April, 1818. Upon
v. the trial of'the cause in the Circuit Court of
Tappan, Massachtsetts, the following questions arose:

1. Whether the words " true value," in the

11th section of the act of the 20th of April,

1818, meant the current market value of such

goods at the place from which they were import-

ed, or the true and actual cost thereof to the

importer at such place.

2. Whether, if the Collector did, in fact, sus-

pect that the goods were invoiced below the cur-

rent nzarkct value thereof, at the place from

which they were imported, but did not suspect

that they were invoiced below the true and'ac-

tual cost thereof to the importer, the Collector

had a right to direct an appraisement.

3. Whether, if, in the opinior of the Collec-

tor, there was just ground to suspect that the

goods. were invoiced below the current market

value of the same, at the place from whence

they were imported, then the said Collector had

a right to direct the tame to be appraised in the

manner prescribed in the 11th section of the be-

forementioned act of Congress.

Upon which questions the Judges of the Cir-

cuit Court were opposed in opinion, and they are

brought up to this Court for decision.

rhe wor It seemed to be admitted on the argument at

"truevau "

in the 11th see-the bar, that the answers to these questions would.

lion of the act

of 181 , imd- epend in a great measure, if not entirely, upon

hort the same more general inquiry with respect to the bis

t

acao mohhas et

t bas.

fO~i.on

which the ad valorem rate of duties is to be

OF THE UNITLD STATES.
estimated; whether upon the actual cost of the 1826. goods, or the current'marketvalue thereof, at the Thd U. S. place from which they were imported. That, V. prior to the act of 1813, ad valm em duties were Tappan. to be estimated upon the actual cost of the goods, cannot admit of a doubt. In one of the earliest acts of Congress passed on this subject in the year 1789, (2 L. U. S. 22.) this was assumed as the basis. The act declares, that the ad valorem rates of duty upon goods, wares, and merchandise, at the place of importation, shall be estimated by adding twenty per cent. to the actual cost thereof, if imported from the Cape of Good Hope, or from any place beyond the same, and ten per cent. on the actual cosi thereof, if imported from any other place or country,,exclusive of charges. In the act passed but a few days before (2 L. U. S. 5.) after the enumeration of certain articles subject to an ad valorem duty, it is declared, "that on all other goods, wares, and merchandise, five per cent. on the value thereof at the time and place of importation," shall be laid. The word value, as here used, cannot br. understood in any other sense than the words actual cost, in the act prssed only twenty-seven days after. It would be unreasonable to suppose that, in the former at, market value was established as the basis, and in the latter a new rule introduced under tJe terms actual cost, with a view to any change of the basis. It is more reasonable to suppose, that value and actual cost, were intended to import the same meaning. And, in other parts of the ,laws on

422

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. this subject, where these terms are'used in The U. S. reference to the rule by which the duties are
V. to be estimated, they are to be taken in the Tappan. same sense, and to be understood as a va-
ried mode of conveying the same idea. (2 L. U. S. 22. 3 vol. ed. 185.) In the act of 1799, the 'same basis, actual cost, is expressly adopted as the rule by which ad 4,alorem duties are to be estimated; (3 L. U. S. 193.) and that such was the rule previous to the act of 1818,
was not denied on the argument, as it certainly could not be with the least colour of plausibility. And if this be so, there ought to be a very clear expression of the legislative will, before, a rule which had governed the practice on this subject for nearly thirty years, should be considered as abolished, and a. new one adopted. And, we think, the act of 1818, (6 L. U. S. 300.) will not justify such a conclusion. If any parts of the act, when separately considered, would seem to warrant' such a construction, the whole, when taken together,.admits of no such interpretation, and would, indeed, be directly at variance with the fourth section of this act, which, in terms, adopts the rule first laid dbwn in the act of 1789, and which has been continued in all the subsequent laws, " that the ad valot em. rates of du,ties, upon goods, wares, and merchandise, shall be estimated by adding twenty per cent. to the actualcost thereof, if imported from the -Cape of Good Hope, or from- any island, port, or place, beyond the same, and ten per cent. on thC actual cost thereof, if imported from any other place," &c. It has been contended, however, on the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

'423

part of the United States, that, by the terms true 1826.

value,

as

used in

several

parts

of

the

lct

of

,ir' '
The U. S.

1818, and particularly in the 1 Ith section, it was V.

intended to substitute the current market lalue' Tappan.

instead of actual cost, as 'the basis upon which

ad valorem duties are to be estimated. The

subject matter of this section is, to provide for

the detection of fraudulent invoices, and fix the

rule by which the duties are to be estimated,

when the invoice price is below the actual cost.

The law requiies (3 L. U. S. 437.) that the

invoices of all goods imported.-into the-United

States, and subject to an ad valorem duty, shall

contain a true statement of the actual cost of

such goods. And no entiy of the, goods can

be made, unless the original invoice is produced,

and oath made that it dontains a just and -true

account of the cost of such goods. (3 L. U.

S. 172.) And to enforce a compliance with

these injunctions, by putting into the hands-of

the Collectors more efficient means of -detect-

ing all evasions of the law, was one of the prin-

cipal objects of this 11th section of the act of

1818. It requires the Collector, whenever, in his

opinion, there shall be just grounds to suspect

that goods, subject to an ad valorem duty, have

been invoiced below their true value, at the place

from which they were imported, to have them ap-

praised. This poweris, to act upon a supposed

case of fraud, attempted to be practised on the-

goveinment, by ipaking out the invoice bplow

the - actual cost. The great object to which the

attention of the Collector is directed, is to ascer-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. tain the cost, that being the basis on which

'

the duties. are to be estimated. And if the in-

The U. S.

Y. voice is false, the proper inquiry to detect it is

Tappan. as to the market value of the goods, and to com-

pare that with the invoice price. And for the
purpose of ascertaining such market value, the Collector is authorized to appoint appraisers, who are sworn to report, according to the best of their knowledge and belief, the true value of the goods when purchased, at the place from whence the same were imported. The appraisers have, however, no concern with the actual cost of the goods. Their duty is confined to the value thereof, at the place of importation. And the law has declared what shall be the effect of a variance between the value so reported, and the invoice price. A small difference will not draw after it any penalty. The appraised value must exceed the invoice price 25 per cent. or no addition to the ratio of duty is imposed. The appraised value is of necessity assumed as the price upon which the duties are to be estimated, where the difference between that and the invoice price is 25 per cent. In that case, the invoice is deemed fraudulent, and to be laid out of view; and, of course, no evidence of the cost of the goods. And the 12th section expressly declares, that the appraised value, in such case, shall be considered the true value, upon which the duty is to be estimated. Or, in other words, so far as respects the rule by which the duties are to be ascertained, the true value, as found by the appraisers, shall be deemed the ac-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

1 5

tual cost. Where the appraised value shall be 1826.

less than the invoice value, the duty is to be The U. S.

charged on the invoice value, in the same man- V.

ner as if no appraisement had been made.

Tappan.

So, also, in the oath required by the 5th sec-

tion of this act, true value imports nothing more

nor less than actual cost. Any other constrdc-

tion would place it out of the power of any man

to take the oath, where the goods were purchased

at a rate at all differing from the market pride.

Tle law requires the invoice to be made out ac-,

cording to the actual cost, and -thisto be sworn

to; and if true value means any thing else than

actual cost, the oath could not be taken. This

is not a separate and distinct oath from that

which is required by the act of 1799, and which

is to accompany the invoice. The act declares

it to be, not an additional oath, but facts in addi-

tion to the oath now required by law, which ad-

dition is, that " the invoice produced by him ex-

hibits the true valie of such goods, wares, or

merchandise, in their actual state of manufac-

ture, at the place from which the same were im-

ported. " There can be but one invoice and one

oath, and that invoice must be made out accord-

ing to the actual cost, and ii necessarily follows,

that true value imports the same thing-under a

varied mode of expression. If it was permitted

to make out two invoices of the same goods, one

according to the actual cost, and the other ac-

cording to the market value, and distinct oaths

annexed to each, it might remdve the difficulty

Vol. XI.

54

426

4ICASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. suggested. But that is not allowable. And no T-hhee U. S~. statuite ought to receive a construction that will
V. render it nugatory, or which prescribes a rule Tappan. utterlyimpracticable, without incurring the guilt

of perjury. If, then, the basis upon which ad

valorem duties are to be estimated, has not been

changed by the act" of 1818, from the actual cost

to the market value of the.ggods at'the place of

importation, as we are satisfied it has not, the

answer to the first question certified to this Court will be, that the words- "true value," in

the 11th section of the act of 1818, import the

same thing as actualcost.

The other
questions an-

And this, as was coiceded on the argunent,

gered in the will dispose of the other questions, and require negativ that they should be answered in the negative so

far as, from-the form in which they are propound-

ed, they will admit of a direct answer.

In explanation, however, of this answer, it is

proper to observe, that the 11th section of the

act to-which the questions are pointed, is intend-

e'd to clothe -the Colleqtor with enlarged powers to guard against fraudulent invoices. Whenever,

in. his opinion, there- shall be- just grounds to suspect that the invoice doesriot truly state the

actual. cost of the good:, he may direct an appraisement. .-How, or.by- what means, that opi-

nion is made up, no 'one has authority tQ inquire,

or a right to control. Ordinarily, it will be-found

from hig own knowledge, or the information he

gets from others, of the market price of the

goods, and if that should .differ widely from the invoice prices, it will afford grounds for suspect-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

427

ing theinvoice to be fraudulent. For, as a general course of business, it is to be presumed that goods are purchased at the common market price. The authority of the Collector to direct
an appraisement, is regulated, h9wever, entirely 'by his own suspicion that the invoice is untrue, and does not state the actual cost of the goods as required by law. Whether this suspicion is well founded or not, is not matter df inquiry. So i'ar as respects the authority of the Collector to direct the appraisement, he is governed altogether 1y his own opinion of the grounds of suspicion. Whether these suspicions were well or ill founded, and the consequences resulting thqrefrom, will depend upon after inquiry before the appraisers, and their decision thereupon. But the Collector cannot be called upon to avow, or show the grounds upon ,hich his suspicion rests. The law has vested him with an uncontrolled discretion on this subject, to be regulated and governed by his own opinion, of the sufficiency of the grounds on which h6 suspects the invoice to be below the true value or actual cost of the
goods.
These answers must, accordingly, be certified to the Circuit Court, upon the questions submit-
ted to this Court.

1826.
The U. S.
v.
Tappath

CERTIFICATE. This case came on to be heard oi the certificate of the difference in opinion of the Judges, &c. On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, and directs it to be certified to the said Circuit Court. that the words " true

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. value," in the eleventh section of the act of ConTke U.S. Sgress of the 20th of April, 1818, do mean the
v. I actual cost thereof to the importer at the place Tappan. from which the same was imported; and that the
second question, upon'which the opinions of the said Judges were opposed, viz. whether, if the Collector did, in fact, suspect that the goods were invoiced below the current market value thereof, at the place from which they were imported, but did notsuspect that they were invoiced below the true and actual cost thereof to the importer, the Collector had a right to direct an appraisement ? be answered in the negative ; and do also direct it to be certified, that the third question, on which the opinions of the said Judges were opposed, viz..whether, if, -in the opinion of the Collector, there was just ground to suspect that the goods were invoiced below the current market value of the same, at the place from whence they were imported, then the said Collector had a right to direct the same to be appraised in the manner prescribed in the eleventh section of the before mentioned act of Congress? be likewise answered negatively.

CASES TN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

bill mentioned, is REVERSI'D and ANNUl.LED, and the residue thereof is AFMIRMED ; O1Id the cause is remanded to the said Circuit Court, with liberty to the plaintiffs to make all proper parties,
that the whole may be sold if all the heirs can be made parties, otherwise the shares of such as are made parties. Each party to pay his own costs in this Court.

[FEUDAL AND CONSTITUTrONAL LAW. AsSIGNMENT 1Y THL HUSBAND, OF A CHOSE IN ACTION, -BELONOING TO THE WIFE.]
HENRY CASSELL, Adminis/rator of LOUISA
BROWNING,
V.
CHARLES CARROLL of Carrollton.
The title and claim of CharlesLord Baltimore, his heirs and representativesta the quit rents reserved by the Proprietary of the late Province (now State) of Maryland, was extinguished by the agreement between the heirs, devisees, and persona. representatives of the said Lord Baltimore, and of his son and heir, Frederick Lord Baltimore, made in 1780, and confirmed by an act of the Bitish Parliament in 1781.
R1seem, that a bonafide assignment, for a valuable consideration, made by a husband, of a debt actnmIly and piesently due to his wife, devestsrin equity, the title of the wife.
But, however this may be in general, the agreement made in 1780, including the quit-rents then aetmally due (if at all) to Louia Browning, the daughter of Charles Lord Baltimore, and assigning them to Henry Harford, the devisea of Frederick Lord Baltimore, having been entered into in Ergland, by the husband of Louisa Browning and net committee, (she being a luatie,) and the consideration having actually gone benficiaily for her use; and the

OF THE UNITED STATES&

whole transaction havine been between British subjects, under the direction of the High Courtof Chancery, and confirmed by an act of Parliament, tranterred a complete legal and equitable titlteo
the assignee.

1826.
Cassell V.
Carroll.

ERROR to the Circuit Court-of Maryland. This was an action of debt, brought by the plaintiff in error in the (ourt below, f6r the recovery of certain quit-rents alleged to be due from the defendant to the plaintiff's intestate. The speoial verdict found by the jury stated the following flicts. The jury find, by their verdict, that Charles the First, in the eighth year of his reign, granted to (.,celius Calvert, Baron of Baltimore, his heirs and assigns, for ever, in fee simple, ihe Province (now. State) of Maryland, by a charter dated the eighth of June, 1633. CaTcelius Calvert died in 1675, and left Charles, afterwards Baron of Baltimore, his son and heir, who entered into the said Province, and was seised thereof. The said Charles, in 1711, granted, according to the laws of the Province, to Charles Carroll, Esq. father of the defendant, a.patent for a tract of land containing ten thousand acres, "to have and to hold the same unto him, the said Charles Carroll, his heirs and assigns, fbr ever; to be holden of us and our heirs, as of our manor of Baltimore, in-free and common soccage by fealty only for all manner of services, yielding and paying therefor, yearly, unto us and our heirs, at our receipt at the city of St. Mary's, at, the two most usual feasts in the year, viz. at the feast of the annunciation of the blessed Virgin

136

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Cassell
v. Carrol.

Mary, and St. Michael the arch-angel, from and after the second day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord 1723, the rent of one
hundred pounds sterling in silver and gold." The defendant inherited the said tract of land
from his father, and is now seised and possessed of the same. On the 31st day of December, 1698, the said Charles Lord Baltimore executed a deed, by which lie settled the Province of Maryland on himself, remainder on his son Benedict for life-remainder on the heirs male of the body of the said Benedict-remainder to the said Charles in fee. There were trusts created in the said deed, all of which are determined. The said Benedict died in 1714, and Charles, his father, in 1715. The said Bpnedict left isue male Chales his hoii, a'tc, wai de Lord1 Baltimore, and
proprietor of Mar3land. Benedict left other sons, all of whom died without issue.
The last mentioned Charles entered into the Province of Maryland, and was seised thereof, as the law requires; and, on the 11th day of July, 1730, executed a deed to trustees, to the use of the said Charles and his assigns for life, remainder to the use of the first and other sons of the said Charles in tail male successively-remainder to the use of the said Charles in fee. There were other trusts created in the deed, but they were all determined at the death of Mary, the wife of the said Charles, which took place in 1769.
In 1692, an act was passed by the legislature of Maryland, which declares, that no manor, land,

OF THE UNITED STATES.

137

tenements, or hereditaments whatsoever, within the Province, shall pass from one to another,

except the deed or conveyance be acknowledged before certain magistrates, and enrolled or re-

corded. This act was in force when the inden-

ture of the 31sr of December, 1698, was exe-

cuted, but the. said indenture was not acknow-

ledged or recorded. '[he. legislature of Mary-

land, in 1715,. vh. 47. passed an act which re-

quires deeds, and leases for more' than seven years, to be acknowledged and recorded within

six months from their date. It also declares all

deeds, not acknowledged and recorded, accord-

ing to the provisions of the act of 1692, to be void. The deed of the 11th of July, 1730, was

neither acknowledged nor recorded.

The last mentioned Charles Lord Baltimore

had issue only one son. named Frederick, and two daughters, one named Louisa, (who is the

plaintiff's intestate,) and the other named Caro-

line. The said Charles Lord Baltimore, being

seised of the Province of Maryland as aforesaid,

made his will in 1750, and devised the Province of Maryland to trustees, for the use of his son Fre-

derick, and his assigns, fo'r life '- remainder to the

use of the sons lawfully begotten of th" body of

the said Frederick, successively in tail male; re-

mainder to the daughters of the said Frederick;

"and, in default of such issue, thento the use and

behoof of' Louisa, my eldest daughter, her heirs

and assigns, for ever." Charles Lord Baltimore

died seised the 23d day of April, 1751. The

VoL. XI.

18

1826.
Cassell
1.
Carroll.

188

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. ' Cassell
(;;T.
Carroll.

said Frederick Lord Baltimore died without
lawful issue, on the 4th day of September, 1771. Louisa, the plaintiff's intestate, was married
to John Browning, on the 15th day of May, 1762,

and remained covert baron of the said John until 1792, when he died. The said Louisa'was a lunatic from the year 1780 till the day of her death, which took place in November, 1821. She has never been in the State of Maryland since the death of her father. Letters of administra-
tion were regularly granted to the plaintiff on the 17th day of April, 1823.
Frederick, the son of Charles Lord Baltimore, entered into the Province of Maryland, and was seised thereof as the law requires. On the 1st day of July, 1761, the said Frederick, and Cwecelius Calvert, his uncle, executed a deed of bargain and sale, to Thomas Bennett and William Sharp, of the Province of Maryland, and its appurtenances, for the purpose of docking the intail of the Provinle. On the 8th of April, 1767, the said Frederick e:recuted a deed of lease and release of Ann Arundel manor, and all'other manors held by .the lord proprietary in the Province, to Bennett Allen, and recoveries were afterwards suffered of the said manors, in pursuance of the said deed of lease and release. On the 4th day of March, 1771, Frederick Lord Baltimore made his will, and devised the Province of Maryland, and all its apqpurtenances, to Henry Harford.
That upon the death of the said last mentioned Frederick, Baron of Baltimore, lenr.y Har-

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ford, the devisee natned in his will, was a minor, and a ward, under the guardianship of the Court of Chancery in Enaland, and so continued until 1779. That the said Henry Liarford, as devisee as aforesaid, was recognised and acknowledged by the .provincial government of.Maryland, as the lawful proprietor under the charter, and by his guardians, with the knowledge and consent of the British government, entered into the possession of the government of the Province of Maryland, and receivd the rents and revenues thereof as proprietor, until tihe beginning of the disturbances which separated the United States of America from the British government. That those disturbances began in 1774, at which time the people of the Province of Maryland took the government of the said Province into their own hands, and ousted the officers of the proprietor; and the government of the said Province so continued in the hands of the people until the dedeclaration of independence, the 4th of July, 1776. That no quit-rents, nor any revenues which fell due in the said Province after the year 1773, were paid to the proprietor or his officers; that, after the revolutionary war, the British government paid to the said ilenry Harford 60,000 pounds, as a compensation for his losses in Maryland by the revolution ; and paid to the abovementioned John Browning, and to Robert Eden, who married the abovementioned Caroline, 10,000 pounds each, as a compensation for their losses in the said Province, by the said revolution. That suits in the Chancery Court of

IS91
1826.
C~assell
V. Carroll.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. England were" instituted in 1772, by the said

Cal

SBrowning against

and

wife,

and the

said

Eden and wife,

the said Harford, to recover the Province

Carroll. and revenues of the said Province of Maryland,

which suits continued until 1782, when the said bills were dismissed by the complainants.
In 1780, the legislature of Maryland passed an act, which declares, that " the citizens of Maryland, from the declaration of independence, and for ever, be, and they are hereby declared to be, exonerated and discharged from the payment of the aforesaid quit-rents, and that the same shall be for ever abolished and discontinued."
In 1780, an agreement was entered irto in England, by deed, between llenry Harford of the first part, John Browning, the husband of Louisa Browning, and Sir Robert Eden and Caroline his wife, (the said Louisa and Caroline being the heirs at law of Frederick Lord Baltimore,) of the second part, Sir Cecil Wray, the committee of the real and personal estate of the said Louisa, (she being a lunatic,) of the third part, and Hugh Hammersley and Peter Prevost, two of the executors named in the will of Frederick Lord Baltimore, of the fourth part, all the said parties being British subjects. The agreement makes an absolute cession of the Province, and revenues, &c. from the time of the decease of Lord Frederick, to Henry Harford and his 'heirs, upon the payment (among other things) of 10,000 pounds to John Browning and Louisa his wife, and 10,000 pounds to Sir Robert Eden and Caroline his wife, in the manner stipulated in the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

agreement. It also provided in the event of the restoration of Henry Harford to the possession of the Province and its revenues, growing, or in arrear, for dn additional sum of 10,000 pounds, for the benefit of each of said ladies, payable out of the same. The agreement further'stipulated for an application to the British Parliament for an act to confirm the same, and to vest in Henry Harford and his h,-irs, th' title to the Province, and its revenues, with a provision that the agreement should be void unless the royal assent
should be given to the act within three years. The act, accordingly, passed, and was assented to by the king within the period prescribed. ·It vests the title to the Province, and its revenues, and quit-rients, &c. absolutely in Henry Harford and his heirs, subject only to the payment of the sums before mentioned, and some others not material to be stated.
Upon this special verdict, a judgment was entered in the Court below projorma,by consent, for the defendant, and the cause was brought, by writ of error, to this Court.

1826. V.

The cause was argued by Mr. Webster and Mr. Raymond, for the plaintiff, and by the Attorney General and Mr. 7 aey, for the defendant.
It has not been thought proper to report the
arguments of counsel, at large, livoiving a great variety of feudal and constituti)nal learning, which the Court did nor think it necessary to examine, as the cause was determined upon the single point of the effect of the agreement made

March 13th and 14th.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1826.
Cassell
V. Carroll.

in 1780, and confirmed by act of Parliament in
S1781.
On the part of the plaintiff, it was contended, 1. That the deeds of 1698, and 1730, were
void under the acts of Assembly of 1692, and 1715, referred to in the special verdict; and that, consequently, Charles Lord Balimore, the testator of the plaintiff's intestate, was tenant .in fee simple of the Province of Maryland, at the time of his death in 17.51.
2. If those deeds were not void, theii the said testator was tenant in tail under the deeds, with reversion in fee, which reversion was a devisable interest, and was well devised to the plaintiff's intestate.a
3. Payment of rent to Henry Harf6rd, or his agents, did not discharge the defendant from his liability to pay the plaintiff.
4. The act of the legislature of Maryland of 1780, which professes to abolish the quit-rents from and after the declaration of independence, is void, on the general principle of the law of nations, that a division of an empire does not affect vested rights of property, and by the special provision's of the treaty of peace of 1783, and the treaty of 1794, between the United States and Great Britain. The original charter to the first Lord Baltimore, distinguished between his public and his private character, and meant to confer upon him beneficial rights of property in-

a Calvert's lessee v. Eden, 2 Har. - MlHenry'e Rep. 279. 337. Opinion of Sir F. Hargrave,. SC. 1b. 341.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

dependent of his political character as the ruler of the Province. At all events, the act of 1780 could not affect, retrospectively, the quit-rents which were then 6ctually due, and had accrued from the death of Frederick Lord Baltimore in 1771, until May, 1780, when the act was passed.'
5. That the agreement of 1780, alleged to have been confirmed by act of Parliament in 1781, is no bar to the plaintiff's right of action.
Upon this last point, (which was the only one
determined by the Court,) it was argued for the plaintiff. that the agreement contemplated a restoration of Henry Harford to the possession of the Province, and the payment of large sums of money consequent on that event, and that this being an essential part of the contract, which became incapable of execution by the result of the war, the agreement could not legally be enforced. It was also contended, that it was not competent for John Browning, the husband, as such, to convey the title to these quit-rents belonging to Louisa Browning his wife, so as to bar her, in case (if survivorship, from the right of recovery,' and that, she being a lunatic, no act done by her committee could in any manner affect her eights. A mere intention to reduce into possession the wife's choses in action, has been

1826.
Cassell
V. Carroll.

a Vattel, Drait ds Gens. liv. 4. c. 2:§ 22. Ware v. Hylton,
s Dayl Rep. 199. 239. Georgia v. Brailhford, 3 D'all. Rep. 1. Teritt v. Tylor, 9 Cranch'.&f ep. 43 46. Orr v. Hodgson,
4 Wheat. Rep. 453. Society, &c. v. New Haven, 8 Wheat. Rep
464. h Roper. Husb. and ife, 204. 223. 227.

CASES 1N THE SUPREME. COU.1RT

1826.
Casse ll
v. Carroll.

held insufficient to bar the widow of her right to
them., So, a general assignment in bankruptcy has not the effect of reducing into possession, a legacy of stock in trust for the bankrupt's wife,

whose right by survivorship will be ,,tablished against the assignees.' And a transfer of stock into the wife's name, to which she beea,e entitled as a distributive share of personal estate during the marriage, will not be considered as a payment or transfer to her husband, so as to defeat her right by survivorship.: Supposing, therefore, the husband had agreed to transfer this specific claim, it would only operate as an equitable assignment; the assignee must sue in the name of the husband; and if he did not recover during the lifetime of the husband, the right would survive to ihe wife. But, in no point of view, could it be considered as a legal defence, or be pleaded in bar of this action.
On the part of the defendants, it was insisted,
1. That as soon as Maryland became a sove-
reign and independent State, the quit-rents which fell due after the declaration of independence, were due to the State, and not to the representative of Lord Baltimore. They belonged to him in his public political character as lord

a Blunt v. Bestland, 5 Ves. Rep. 515. Lumb v. Alilnes, Id.
517. b Mitford v. Mitford, 9 Ves. Rep. 87. c Wildman v. Wildman, 9 Ves. Rep. 174. See also, Nash v,
Nash. 2 M11add. Rep. itk;. Hornby v. Lee, 2 Madd. Rep. 16.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

proprietary, and not in his individual private capacity.as
2. That Henry Harford, being acknowledged by the Province of Maryland, and by the King
of Great Britain, as the proprietor of Maryland, was, by such acknowledgment, the lawful proprietor, and entitled to the quit-rents until Maryland became an independent State
3. If the Province was private property, and entailable and devisable,, then the entail was barred by Frederick Lord Baltimore, and the
devise to Henry Harford was good. 4. If Henry Harford was not lawful proprie-
tor, he was proprietor de facto, and, as such, payment to him would discharge the tenants.
5. That the treaties with Great Britain have no application to rents falling due subsequent to the declaration of independence. At all events, the act of Assembly of 1780, effectually confiscated the quit-rents due before that time, and so devested the title of Whoever might be entitled to them, as to extinguish all claim to those quitrents.c
6. That the agreement of 1780, confirmed by act of Parliament in 1781, bars the plaintiff's right of action.
Upon this last point, it was argued for the de-

1826.
Cassell
v.
Carroll.

a 2 B. Comm. 52. 288. Co. Litt. 244. note b. Pownall,

Colonies,48, 49. Kirk v. Smith, 9 TWheat. Rep. 241. 266. 282.

b 1 Bi. Comm. 106, 107. Derby v. Athol, 2 res. sen. Rep

. 37. Penn v. Baltimore, I Ves. sen. 455.

c Smith v. Maryland, 6 Cranch's Rep. 306

VOL. Xf.

10

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
e
Cal
Carroll.

fendant, that John Browning, the husband, had a right to bind all the rights of Louisa Browning the wife, with respect to such debts as were then actually -due and payable, and, therefore, had a
right to transfir, for a valuable consideration, the quit-rents, actually and presently due. The cases cited on the other side did not shake this principle. The case of Blount v. Bestland,- was not the case of a sale for a valuable consideration, but of a bequest. by a husband to his own children, of a legacy due to the wife, which he had not reduced to possession. Mfitford v. Aitford,b was the case of a general assignment of all his effects by a bankrupt husband, and the Court determined that it did not pass a legacy which he had not reduced into possession. But the argument manifestly admitted, that a particular assignment of the specific legacy for a valuable consideration would have produced the effect. The case of Hornsby v. Lee,c was the sale of a wife's reversionary, not a present interest. So, that the power of the husband over the wife's present debts, immediately recoverable, remained untouched by these decisions. But, in the present case, the wife was a ward of Chancery, and was represented by her committee in the transaction, which was advantageous for her, the benefit of which she had received, and now actually enjoys. The compromise was confirmed by an act of Parliament obtained on an application of

a 5 Ves. Rep. 515. c 2 Madd. Rep. 16.

b 9 Ves. Rep. 87.

JF THE UNITED STATES.

the parties, and ought, theretbre, to be considered as annihilating all her claims to the subject in
controversy.

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

Mr. Justice STORY ddlivered the opinion of the Afard 17th.
Court. This is the case of an action of debt, brought
by the plaintiff as administrator of Louisa Browning, against the defendant, for the recovery of*certain quit-rents asserted to be due to the intestate, as Proprietary of the Province of Maryland, and accruing between the years 1771 and 1780. In the Circuit Court for Maryland District, upon the trial of the cause upon the general issue, a special verdict was found, upon which that Court gave judgment pro forma for the defendant, and the cause has been brought before us for a final decision, by a writ of error.
The cause has been here argued with great ability and *care. Many important and difficult points have been discussed at the bar, upon which, if we were called to pronounce a decision, we should wish for more time and consideration to mature our judgment. But, aswe have all come to a conclusion upon one point, which finally disposes of the whole cause, it. 1s deemed proper at once to put the parties in possession of our opinion, without attempting to analyse the learning which is involved in'others of more complexity,;and would require more extensive researches.
For the purposes of the present decision, it is assumed, (without, however, meaning to intimate

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1826. any real opinion on the subject,) that every other CassellSdifficulty in respect to the title and claim of Carvr.oll. Lsyo, uisisaovBerrcoowmnei,ngantdo tthhee qquueist-tiroenntsofinthceontrover- effect of
the agreement concluded between the parties in June, 1780, and subsequently confirmed by Parliament in the year 1781,. is that to which the Court has addressed its attention. If that agreement, so confirmed and executed, as the case finds, extinguished, in point of law, the title of Louisa Browning to these quit-rents, and passed it to Henry Harford, there is an end to the present suit. And such, upon the best consideration of the case, in our judgment, was the legal effect of that agreement so confirmed and executed.
The agreement is quadripartite between Henry Harford of the first part, John Browning, the husband of Louisa Browning, and Sir Robert Eden, and Caroline his wife, (the said Louisa and Catharine being the heirs at law of Frederlck Lord Baltimore,) of the second part, Sir Cecil Wray, the committee of the real and personal estate of 'the said Louisa,.she being a lunatic, of the third part, and Hugh Hammersly and Peter Prevost, two of the executors named in the will of Lord Frederick, of the fourth part. The object of the agreement was to make a final settlement between the parties of all differences, and particularly to settie the title to the Province of Maryland, and all the hereditaments and revenues connected therewith. It makes an absolute cession of the Province and revenues, &c.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

&c. from the decease of Lord Frederick, to Henry Harford and his heirs, upon the payment (among other things) of 10,000 pounds to John
Browning and Louisa his wife, and 10,000 pounds to Sir Robert Eden and Caroline his wife, in the manner stipulated in the agreement. It farther stipulates, in the event of the restoration of Henry Harford to the possession of the Province and its revenues, growing or in arrear, for an additional sum of 10,000 pounds, for the benefit of each of these ladies, pay.able out of the same; but as that event.never occurred, it is unnecessary to dwell further upon it. The other sums were duly and regularly paid. The agreement further stipulated for an application to be made to the British Parliament for an act to confirm the same, aud to vest in Henry Harford and his heirs, the title to the Province, and its revenues, &c. ; with a provision, -that the agreement should be void unless the royal assent should be given to the act within three years. The act passed, and was assented to by the king Ivithin the period prescribed. It vests the title to the Province, and its revenues, and quit-rents, &c. absolutely in Henry Harford in fee; subject only to the payment of the sums before mentioned, and some others.not material to this cause.
What is there, then, to prevent the agreement and act from having full effect ? The parties were all British -subjects resident within the realm; the act of Parliament was passed upon their own application and agreement; all persons in interest were fully represented, so far as by

1826. Cas'sell
v.
Carroll.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

law they were capable of being represented; the conditions stipulated hive been complied with; the confirmation was absolute; and the intention was, to extitguislh, at law, as well as in

equity, every claim of Louisa Browning to the quit-rents now in controversy.
It has been argued, that the agreement contemplated a restoration of 1-lenry I-a ford to the possession of the Province, and the payment of large sums consequent thereon; and that, this being a material ingredient in the contract, which became incapable of execution, the agreement ought not to be enforced, or held obligatory. It would be a sufficient answer to this objection, that the parties, at the time of the execution of the agreement, knew perfectly well that the Province had assumed independence, and that the chance of restoration depended upon the issue of the war then waged between the United States and Great Britain. They acted upon that state of things, and provided for the payment of these additional sums,. only in the event of an unsuccessful struggle~on the part' of the Province. The stipulation, therefore, has not failed, in point of consideration, from the misconduct of either party; but the event, in which alone it was to have any effect, never has occurred. The payment was conditional, and the condition has never arisen, upon which alone the contract could act.
But there is another answer presented by the very terms of the agreement itself. It is, that the parties expressly agreed, that the title to the

OF THE UNITED STATES.
Province, &c. should vest absolutely upon the 1826. payment of the first 10,000 pounds; and, of CCaassell course, the other provisions were to rest in cove- v. nant only between the parties, and were not to Carroll. be construed to defeat or devest that title. ' The act of Parliament treats it in that way, and vests the title in Henry Harford in fee, conclusively.
It has been further argued, that it was not competent for John Browning, the husband, as such, to convey the title to these quit-rents belonging to his wife, so as to bar her, in case of survivorship, from the right of recovery; and that, she being a lunatic, no act done by her, committee could in any manner touch her rights.
It is to be recollected, 'that the quit-rents, as Qwzre, How
far contingent
claimed, were debts then actually due (if at all)or reversiona-
ry interests of
to Louisa Browning. They were not future tlihbenaswsiigfne,edmabyy contingent or reversionary interests vested in the husband? her. How far, in respect to such interests, the husband, or the committee of a lunatic, is by law authoriied by a conveyance or assignment to dispose of her rights, is a question which we are not called upon to decide, and upon which we give no opinion. The case here, is of choses in action actually due to the wife. There can be no question, that he was entitled to receive them to his own use, or to extinguish them by a release. What, then, is there to prevent him from dispo- It seemt, that sing of them by agsignment, at least in equity ? ·bayn astshiegnmbuens-t
It does not appbar to us that it has ever ye·-t-abcatunadll,yfa dlu debet been decided, that a bona fide assignment for aand payable
to the wife, de-
valuable consideration, made by a husband to a vests, in equi- o third person, of a debt actually and presetlythe twife.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Caessell
V.
Carroll.

due to his wife, does not devest, in equity, the title of the wife. So far as authorities have gone, they seem to proceed upon a different and opposite doctrine. The cases of Lumb v.
Mibies, (5 Fes. Rep. 517.) and Mitford v. Mitford, (9 Fes. Rep. 87.) are distinguishable. They were cases of a general assignment under the bankrupt laws, which are not supposed to do more than place the assignees in the same situation -as the bankrupt himself. The. case of .Hornbyv. Lee, (2 Madd. Rep. 16.) turned upon another distinction, that the interest was not a present, but a reversionary interest. Butwithout deciding any general principle, we think, that under the particular circumstan6 es of this case, where the consideration has actually gone beneficially for the wife, and the whole transaction has been under the direction of a Court of Chancery,. and been confirmed by Parliament, the assignm.ent was, to all intents and purposes, valid to assign the rents. If, in ordinary circumstances, such an assignment would pass"an equitable title only, we think the act of Parliament makes it, to all intents and purposes, a legal title and assignment. Without dwelling upon the known principles -of the paramount and omnipotent authority over private rights and authorities, which is often attribioted to Parliament, it may be justly said, that it is competent for the legislature, upon the application, and with the consent of all the parties in interest, to give a legal and conclusive effect to their own agreements, and to pass that at law, which the parties, in the most

OF THE UNITED STATES.

unreserved manner, intended to pass. A title so passed, and so confirmed, by authorities perfectly competent to make it, ought, under such circumstances, to be recognised as valid in the tribunals of every other country.
This is a summary exposition of the views of the Court upon this subject; and it at onbe disposes of the whole matter in controversy. The judgment of the Circuit Court is, therefore, affirmed, with costs.z

1826.
" Cassell V.
Carroll

a Mr. Justice DUVALL, being a landholder in Maryland, did not sit in this cause.(1)
(I) The editor has supposed that it would gratify the curiosity of the learned reader, to be presented with the following note (with which the editor has been favoured by his friend Mr. Taney) of an argument in the Court of King's Bench, in 1775, upon a case sent from the Court of Chancery, in the suit brought by Sir Robert Eden and Others against Henry Harford, to recover possession of the Province of Maryland and its revenues, -in which the learning respecting the nature of the dominion and proprietary interest of Lord Baltimore in the Province, was very klaborately discussed.

"Trinity Term, 15 Geo. III. B. R. Tuesday, 27th June, 1775.'
11 HARFORD V. BROWNING.

SI*r. Serjeant Hill, for Mrs. Browning and Mrs. Eden.

"Ile first stated the case, and when he had finished this, Lord

.Mansfieldasked, in what shape the cause came before the Court,

and for whom Mr. Serjeant H I1was to argue. The Serjeant an-

swered, that the case came from Chancery to know whether the

last lord had a right to devise; and that, if he could not, it was the

same to Master Hariord whether the property went to Mrs. Brown-

ing and Mrs. Eden, the last lord's sisters, as co-heirs of the first

grantee of Maryland, or to Mrs. Browning alone, as devisee of her

'ather. Lord Mansfield then observed, that there would have

been no question if the estate had been situate in England, and

IroL XI.

20

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. %prietary
CasYs.ell
Carroll.

that the ground of the doubt was its being a seignory and progovernment in America.
q Mr. Serjeant Hill prdceeded in his argument -tothe following
effect: "1The general question is, whether the -Province, and proprie-
torship, and port duties of Maryland, are well 'devised by the will of the last Lord Baltimore; and to show that they could not pass, I shall submit two general points :
" 1. That the property is so high in its nature, and, in other respects, so peculiar, as not to be devisable.
" 2. That the subsisting entails were not well barred by the last Lord Baltimore, either because he did not do the proper and necessary~acts for barring, or because such entails were not capable of
being barred in any way. " 1. I apprehend, that the proprietorship of Maryland is not
alienable without the license of tht crown, and much less devisable.
"1The design of the Maryland charter was to erect a ProVince in the District called Maryland, to establish a form of government similar to our own, and to place Caecil Lord Baltimore, and his heirs, at the head of it. The highest powers are conferred, and, ,perhaps, the crown's right to grant some of them may be doubtful; but it is not necessary to this case to determine which could, and which could not, be granted. Th6 charter gives royal juris, diction, and a royal seignory. Of the first lind are the powers of enacting laws with the consent of the Assembly, of erecting Courts, of appointing magistrates, of punishing criminals, and of levying men, and all the powers of war and peace. Of the second kind is the power of making subinfeudations. The charter reserves a tenure of the king as of the castle of Windsor ; for the law would otherwise have created a tenure in capile. The king cannot grant without reserving a tenure, for he cannot change the principles of the constitution, one of which is, that there must be
a tenure. The king constituted Lord Baltimore the lord and proprietor of the whole Province. There is no instance before ef the grant of a proprietorship. But, though there was not before any such sovereignty in name, yet, in specie, there was such a property, and the Counties Palatine of Chester and Durham, resembled it. From the high nature of these powers and jurisdictions, I argue, that the Province could not b'e aliened without license of the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

155

trown, nor-could it be a subject of the statute of wills. At the time of that statute, no such high property existed in the empire. The 32d of Henry VIII. in giving the power of devising, mentions manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments. It begins
with manors, and though herrditaments, which is the last word, would, singly, have been snfficient to have extended to this pro-
pery, yet, coupled with the former words, it is not so. The 13 Eliz. cap. 10. s. 3. begins with enumerating deans, &c. and then add-, all others having spiritual or ecclesiastical promotions; but bishops and archbisoups being higher than deans, are not included. So, the statute of wiils, beginning with manors, shall not extend to a hi h r dominion, such as proprietary government. Dependent
kingdoms are not dti..ble w':thout the consent of the superior
prince. Dominion is not the subject of testamentary disposition; and Craig says, that all feudists agree in this. Nor are things
given for the support of dominion, such as theport duties here, in their nature devisable. With us the king cannot devise the lands and revenues allotted for the support of his royal dignity. This, indeed, has not been the subject of judicial decision; and in the Bankers case, Lord Somers, though he reversed the judgment of the Court of Exchequer, avoided this point; but our kings never attempted to exercise such a power. See 5 Mod. Rep. 46. and Lord Somers' argument in the Banker's case. The 9 and 10 Wim. III. cap. 23. which gave a revenue -to King William for his life' recites to be for his household and family expenses ; and now, by the Civil List Act of Queen Ann, the alienation of the crown re-renue is expressly provided against. But, even before the Civil List Act, there is no instance of a devise of the royal revenues.
n the present case, it could not be intended that the port duties hould be alienable. The port duties were created for the benefit I.fthe subject, and they, and the proprietorship, were intended to go together. But, I insist further, thaLthe lands themselves are not alienable. Anciently, when the king made a duke, and gave possessions to him, they were so annexed to the dignity as not to be transferrable n ithout a preceding act of Parliament. See Godb. 397. In Dyer, fol. 2. a. there is a case very analogous to the present; for there it is said, that if the king creates a duke, and gives him 20 pounds a year for the maintenance of his dignity, he cannot give it to another, because it is not incident to his dignity. Many things,.of a special nature, are unalienable. Digni-

1826.
" Cassell
V. Carroll.

CASES IN THE SUPREME- COURT

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

ties are so, because they are personal, and in the blood. Offices Sof trust are not assignable, unless by the original terms of the
grant, or by prescription, which supposes such a grant Ministe-
rial offices are, indeed, assignable, and the power of appointing a deputy is incidtnt where the office is assitndble. but not vice versa.
See Bro. Abr. tit. Offi., pl. 108. The office of fbrrester is of
such a trust that it cannot bte granted over without license. 4 Inst. 315. The Register and Pitzherbert,there cited, warrant Lord
Coke in his doctrine. Earldoms are not alienable. The case about the office of Great Chamberlain in Sir W. Jones, 96. and Collins' Baronies,contain much learning on this subject, which applies strongly here. Doddridge, who was with the majority of the Judges, states every thing which made against his own op;nion.

"Lord Mansfield. The case is very well reported botl in Sir W. Jones, and in Collins; but there is a great difference between offices and territories.
"Mr. Serjeant Hill. The Judges who held the office alienable,
only held it partly so, that is, that it might be settled so as to keep it in the male line; because males were more fit for the office than women. -But, they agreed, that, though the office was granted in fee, it could not be disposed of from the blood of the first grantee. In the present case, it is observable, that the charter makes a difference in the use of the word. assigns. That word is used in granting the land, but it is omitted where the charter gives the power of calling assemblies, and enacting laws, of appointing Judges, and of pardoning crimes. Therefore, these powers, at least, were not intended to be alienable.
"2. If the whole of.the property, or any part, is disposable by will, it must be so on this ground, that all the statutes and laws of England in force at the time of the settlement of Maryland, attached on the Province, though subsequent statutes will not extend toit without express words, Then I have a right to assume, that the property is entailable; for the statute De Donts was an existing law at the time of the grant and settlement of the Province, as well as the statute of wills, and so was the statute of uses. Now, the property was entatled, and, upon the supposition that t-tentail was within tke statute L)e Dous4, I argue, that the entail

OF THE UNITED STATES

was not wollbarred by the last Lord Baltimore, and ti Q tlhis gives a title to his sister, Mrs. Browning, all the entails bein ,*wspent for want of issue male, and she being the devisee of the reversioner in fee, by the will of her father.
" Lord Baltimore's mode of barring was by lease and release, a conveyance the wvalest of all in its operation. Before M1achell
4"Clarke, it was understood, that such a conveyance, by tenant in
tail, woula only pass an estate during his life; and, even according to that case, the estate it passes is voidable on his death by entry of the issue in tail. See Machell v. Clarke, 3 Lord Raymrn. .Rep. 678, 2 Salk. Rep 619. 7 Mod. Rep. 18. and Com. Rep.
119. As against those in remainder, it still passes only an estate during the life of the tenant in tail. But, a feoffment, without warranty, would have bedn a discontinuance, and, with warranty, when it becomes collateral, it would have become a bar at this day for the statute of Ann doth not take away the effect of collateral warranty when it is by a tenant in tail in possession. See 4 and 5 .4nn, c. 16. Therefore, I say, that this was one mode by which Lord Baltimore might have barred the entail; because, if he had matle a feoffment with warranty, the warranty would have been collateral to Mrs. Browning.
" But there was another mode of barring which might have been used. The Province of Maryland is a fief holden of the king as of the castl- of Windsor, for so the tenure is reserved. .4s, in the grant, is not siriltudbiary, but is the same as ut in pleading that one was seised ut defeodo, which, says Lord Coke, is to be understood positively that the party was seised in fee. Co. Litt. 17'. 6. The tenure, then, being as of the castle of Windsor, the Province is to be considered in the same way as other lands originall) holden of the castle, and, like other fietd, is to be iapleadable within the manor. A castle, or honour? is only a superior kind of manor. To every manor a Court Baron is necessarily incident, and, therefore, it is so to every castle. The jurisdiction of a Court Baron is well known. Without the king's writ, it .holds plea of personal actions where the demand doth not amount to 40 shillings. With the king's writ of right, it may hold plea of land. Writs of right are of two kinds,.patent and close. If the writ is brought in the Lord's Court, it is directed to him, and ispatent. If he holds no Chart, or waives, or the tenure is immediately of the king, it is brought in the King's Court, is directed to the SheriffT, and is close. .Magna

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

182.
CasseU
Carroll.

Chart, c. 24. provides against the abuse of the writ of right in the latter case, by declaring, that prwecipe in capiteshall not issue where the land is not holden in capite. But the practice is otherwise,
and the writ of right has been uisually brought in the Common Pleas in all these cases. Another writ of right close lies for lands in ancient demesne. This writ is well known, aud recoveries are suffered upon it in the Courts of ancent demesne. See Fitzh. Nat. Br. and Booth on Real Acti ms. The general writ df rithht patent lies in the Court of the Manor, in all casts where the tenure is of the subject, or of tht, king, as of an honour; and where the estate lies, makes no difference. 4 Tnst. 219. and Pitz/h. Abr. Jurisdiction,pl. 61. there cited. If a man holds lands as of an hdnour, the bailiff may execute the process as of the Court of the honour, wherever the lands lie. In the case in Fitzh. Abr. it was objected, that the officers of the couity palatine of Chester, could not execute writs'in a foreign county; but it was adjudged other-
wise, because the lands were within a manor holden of the principality of Chester.
" There are many precedents of recoveries on writs of right patent. One is in N. Bendt. p. 4. pl. 4. on a writ of right patent directed to the bailiff of the castle of Rising. According to this ancient principle, that whe ever a fief lies it is impleadable in the manor of which it is holden, the Province of Marylaud might have been impleaded in the Court of the castle of Windsor, for it is clearly holden of the castle, and there is a Court Baron neces-
sarily incident. True it is, that if the tenaut pleads a foreign plea, or the mise is joined on the mere right to be tried by the Grand Assize, the cause nmust be removed into the Common Pleas. But, I insist, that a writ of right patent might have been brought in the Court of the castle of Windsor, and 4hat a -common recovery might have been suffered; because, then, neither foreign plea, nor
joining of the mise, on the mere right by the grand assize is necessary. The precedent cited from IV.Bend. is in point, and conformable to the principles I am arguin ' upon. The writ of right patent was for a manor holden of rAsing Castle, and was directed to the bailiffs of the castle. It appears clearly, that there was a recovery in the Court of Castle Rising. There was a plaint by the derjandant, the tenant vouched to warranty, and the vouchee making defaultjudgment was given for demandant. Afterwards, a writ of falsejudgment was brought in the Common Pleas by the

OF THE UNITED STATES.

159

vouchee, and the error was, that the writ of right patent should 1826.

have been directed to the suitors ; but the Court held, that the . -- *.'

bailiffs; vere the proper porsons, and the judgment was affirmed. See Mad. 1. Another instance of a like proceeding in the Court

Cassell
V.
Carroll.

Baron of the Manor of Wolverhampton, is in R!,bbins' Eat. 323.

There, falsejudument was broueht on this error, that the lands

were not mentioned to be within the manor, but the judgment

was affirmed. In Rastell there are several instances of writs of

false judgment on judgments in writs of right close in Courts of

ancient demesne. Rast. Entr. 221. b. Also, Booth states the

manner of proceeding in the Court Baron on a writ of right patent,

where the cause is not removed. Booth on Real Actions, 89. If,

then, a recovery might be had on a writ of right in the Court Ba-

ron, when the proceedinz is adverse, much more might a common

recovery be suffered. Errors in common recoveries are aided by.

the statutes of jeofails, and no ohjectilon is fatal to them but such

as might be pleaded to the jurisdiction of the Court where they

are suffered. But how could such an objection hold in this case?

Every plea to the jurisdiction must state, that there is another

Court in which the' cause may be tried, and which that Court is.

Therefore, if want of jurisdiction is objected to the Court Baron

of Windsor Castle, it should be stated where else the Province of

Maryland can be impleaded ; for fines have been levied ;n the

Court of Common Pleas here, of shares of a proprietorship in

America. The only proprietorships at present are Pennsylvania

and Maryland; but Carolina was once a proprietor-hip, and

whilst it was so, fines were levied here of shares in it. The first

grant of Carolina was to eight persen,. and th word assigns.wns

used throughout. S'irefizcias wa, Ltought to repeal the letters

patent; but no judgment was ever given, for the pi oprietors were

well advised, and agreed to surrender. and an act was made to

confirm- the agreement. See 2 (xeo. 11 c. 34., Though the pro-

prietors were seised in fee, yet this act recites, that from the nature

of the estates proposed to be surrendetecl, great ditficulties might

arise as to the manner of car.ve mg. lu the pr -sent case, like

difficulties induced the advisers of the last Lord ibaltimore to re-

commend the applying to Parliament; but no act was obtained.

"Lord Mansfield. He was stopped by the difficulty of proe-eding.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
v Cassell
Carroll.

" Mr. Serjeant Hill. The last thing I have to submit is, that if no recovery could be suffered, and feoffment with warranty would not have been sufficient, then the entail was not barrable in any way, and the Province of Maryland was ir the same condition as land here, before the introduction of common recoveries, and of
barring by fine under the statute of Hen. VII. Like an executory devise, the entail is not barrable, hecause a recovery cannot be suffered. See the case of Scattenrood v. Edge, 12 141od. Rep. 278. The words of Lord Hardwicke, in 2 Vres. Rep. 353. are very applicable. In speaking of the limitations in the act of Par-
liament, which made the Isle of Man unalienablo, he says, that if they were considered on the foot of the statute De D.nis, and they were estates tail, there was no want of a restrictive clause; for, before Taltarum'scase, whiqh established the docrine of recoveries, and the 4 of Hen. V11. of fines, these, by the statute De
Donis, were unalienable, and of Man there could be neither fine mor recovery. Here, I say, that the property is not entailable; but, if it is, it must be because within the statute De Donis, and, if that statute operates upon Maryland, and no recovery could be suffered, there was a perpetuity. It is absurd to say, that there must be -the means of making property alienable because it is within that~statute; for the statute was made to restrain alienation.
A recovery might have been sufficient to bar; but the conveyance by lease and release is too mild in its operation, and on such a conveyance by tenant in tail, the olo use reverts to the releasor.
" The capability of losing in an action is a very different thing
from the power of alienation. What is the objection to a perpetuity in such a case as this ? Can any useful end be attained by making a sovereignty alienable? The cases of copyholds are not authorities in point, for they depend on custom. Here ir. Serjeant Hill cited many authorities to confirm and illustratte some of the doctrine he had advanced in the previous part of his argument.
He cited Go. Litt. 108 a. Dy. 44. a. and Bro. Abr. Tenure, 94. to show the difference between tenure ut de corona, and ut de honore, and that it was in the k ing's option to reserve either; Co. Litt. 17 a. and I Lev. 222. to prove the word ut affirmative, and not similitudinary; Co. Litt. 5 a. 2 Inst 31. and the Register, to prove a castle contains a manor; and 4 Inst. 26. Hob. 170. and 2 Bro. Abr. 45. to prove that a Court Baron is incident to a manor, and that they are inseparable. For, the distinction

OF THE UNITED STATES.

161.

between writs of right patent, and writs of right close, and the causes of removal, and that where the former lie, they may be preferied fo the latter, be cited Fitzh. Nat. Br. 1. to 9. and 11. to 14. Old. Nat. Br. Fitz. Abr. tit. Droit, pl. 45. Magna Chartal cap. 24. and Bro. Abr.-To show that it was immaterial where the land happened to lie, he cit d Fifzh. Abr. tit. Jurisdiction,pl. 61. and 4 Inst. 219. He then observed, that the king might make a new, island arising out of the sea part of a county, and for
this he cited Collis. on Sew. 45. and asked wh- hE could ,iot make a province part of an honour. He also citek. from 1 "ItrR.ep. 177. the case of the King against the City j Norw, c, (which was the case of an information against the lattk - for n )t repairing some bridges,) to show that the king may erikargE, contract, or vary the bounds of a county, for the purpose of pirisdiction. He
next mentioned, a second time, that fines had been levied of sbares of the Carolbna proprietorship; and added, that error on a fine of land in America had been brought.in B. R., and that it might be proper to search, in order to know what was done.

1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

(9Lord Mansfield. Fines, and recoveries of plantations in America, with a viz. to bring them within a parish here, were frequent in the Court of Common Pleas, till provincial laws were made to provide other modes of barring. But I do not know of any instance of such fines or recoveries in the case of a seignory.

IfMr. Serjeant Hill. In 1 Ventr. Rep. 258. Lord Hale says,

that the writ of right close (for lands in ancient demesne) is not

tobe resembled to another.precipe, and that being directed balliviz

manerii, mention of the manor, without naming the will in which

the lands lie, is sufficient. So, here, mention of the castle of

Windsor in the writ of right patent, without a viz. to bring Mary-

land within England, would have been sufficient. Lord C. 3.

North, in 2 Mod. Rep. 49. observes, that it had been long a'dispute

whether a fine of lands in lieu conus was good ; that in King

James's time it was settled to be so, and that, by the same reason,

a recovery shall be good; for they are both amicable -suits and

common assurances, and as they grow more in practice the Judges

have extended them further. He adds, that a common recovery

may be of an advowson, and that no reasons are to be drawn from,

VOL. XT.

21

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
Cas5iell Carroll.

the visne, or execution of the writ of seisin, because it is not an Sadverse proceeding, but by agreement. This is material, for rom-
mon recoveries of adowsons were anciently in writs of right;
and though writs of entry are now used, they are improper for an advowson, and they are only allowed because common recoveries are by agreement. This is material, for common recoveries of advowsons were anciently in writs of riaht; and though writs of en-
try are now used, they are improper for an advowson, and they are only allowed because common recoveries are by agreement. The observation about the writ of seisin answers the reason in I Ventr. Rep. 59. why an ejeetment of lands in Jamaica will not lie here, and shows that it is not applicable to the present case. That where onejurisdirtion is pleaded to, another must be shown, Icite Barker v. Dormer, 1 Show. Reo. 191.; andthat a seignory out of England may be impleaded in the Courts here, I cite 4 Inst. 213. Bro. Abr. Jurisdiction,101. Lien, 75. Trial,53. F'tzk. Abr. Assize, 282. Vaugh. Rep. 405. As to suing for ancient demesne lands, I cite 1 Salk. Rep. 56. and 1 Lord Raym.
Rep. 43. "Upon the whole, the property in question is neither alienable
nor devisable, or, at least, the seignory is not so. If the property is both alienable and devisable, then, I insist, that it is entailable, and that the entail is not barred.
1 The supposed necessity of barring by lease and release, doth not exist; for,
1 1. There might have been a feoffmnent with warranty, and, 2. The Province being holden of 'indsor Castle, is impL aded in the Court Baron tiere, and a commijon zecovery might have been suffered there. Besides the Puth rifl.s already cited, to show that the bailiffs of t-at Court were offikers empetent to hold plea of the Province in a writ of right patent, tht re is one in Aston's Entr. .375. If a recovery coul. not be suffe,'ed :n tne Court of the Castle of Windsor, it migh, have be. r suffr'erd on a prwcipe quod reddat in the Court of Coimmon Pieas; an, the pioperty not being in England was no objection to a recovery, either in the Common Pleas, or the Cou:t of 11inds.r Castle. If it is denied, that a recovery could be suffere4, in <.itler )f these Courts, it must be shown what Court has the proper jurisdic'ion, or the objection camt, be taken. If z. iecuvery could not be srifflred nny viere, Ilen I insist, that the entail of the property made it tinalienable

OF THE UNITED STATES.

dud that it descended as a perpetuity; and that it might so descend, I cite the authority of Lord Hardwicke in 2 Ves. Rep. 353. and of Jenkins in his Centur.es, 250. and 257.
"Mr. Serjeant Hill cr cluded with citing a case about the writ of right patent in 6 Co. Litt. i .

1826.
, Cassell
V.
Carroll,

1Mr. Kenyon, for Master Harford. The principal questions in this case, arise on the grant by the crown of the Province of Maryland in the 8 Charles I. and the settlements made of it in 1730, and 176t. The grant by the crown being by letteis patent under
the great seat of England, the law of England is, therefore, the rule by which the property must be adjudged upon. It has beet, truly observed by the Court, that no points could arise, if the property was in England. If the property was situate here, it would be alienable, devisable, and entailable, and the entail might be barred by common recovery. But the property lies in America. and thence arise the difficulties.
1 The questions referred to this Court concern both the Province and the port duties, and their value is great. But the great value and extent of the property will not make any difference in deciding upon it, though its situation will. The Province of Maryland was settled by Englishmen, and these carried the law of England with them. In 2 P. Vis.. 75. it is said to have been adjudged by the Privy Council, that if a new country is found out and settled by English snbjets, they carry their laws with them,. though subsequent-acts of Parliament, without naring, will ncdt
bind the plantation. The like doctrine is laid down in Penn v. Baltimore; 2 Ves. Rep. 349. with more precision; fqr, there it"is said, that an English colony carries with them all the laws of England in being at the time of planting it, which are adapted to the situation; but that no statute, made afterwards. Ninds without naming them. Now, both the statute De Donis,and that of Wills,
were before the settlement of Maryland, and both have words sufficent to comprehend the proprietorship, the word tenement being used in the former, and hereditament in the latter. Therefore, both statutes must extend to the property in question, unless it can be shown that there is something incongruous in applying them to Maryland. But they are necessary and convenient laws for Maryland, nor is the law of descents more so. It is objected, that these statutes may extend to lands granted to the Lord Proprietor

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
CaVs.sell Carroll.

in the way of subinfeudation, but that they ought not to be applied to the seignory and proprietorship. But no rp.'son is given for the distinction, except saying, that the pr,'-p ietorship is .t transcendent
property, and hath regalities and high pjowers annex, d to it. Is an assignee or devisee less likely to be fit and able to govern it, than the descendants of the first grantee, whu may be inlants? Higher property than this hath been the subject of wills; for
kingdoms have been devised. Constantine devised an empireand so did Charlemagne; and the same was done in our own country by Hen. VIII. under an act of Parliament. 4t is said, that the
property is not alienable, because it is annexed to an i ffice of trust. .But, lands to which offices are annexed, may pass together with the office. When the champion of England passes his manor, his office passes with it. The Province of Maryland may be resembled to a large manor. The jurisdictions of some manors were anciently as extensive, both in crimnal and civil matters, as the jurisdiction of the lord of 1Alaryland. The power of making bylaws to regulate commons, and other subjects, relative to the tesants, is incident to many manors.
1 But the question doth not depend merely on arguments of analogy. The proprietorship is granted in free and common soccage, and it was intended to be alienable. The word assigns is used in the letters patent, and, in some places, is applied to the seignory itself. The first grantee would not have accepted the grant on other terms. We should consider, not the present value of the property, but its value when the grant wds made ; and then Maryland was a desert, and it is not to be supposed, that the first grantee would have been at the expense of settling it, if it had not been made alienable. Besides, the usage since the grant, is an argument in favour of its being alienable. Both Maryland and Pennsylvania have been constantly subjects of entails and settle-
ments, and this practice ought to weigh something. . Another strong argument arises from the preamble of the statute 2 Geo. IL c. 34. about the shares of the Carolina proprietorship. In deriving titles to the several shares, wills are mentioned. This shows that it was deemed to be within the statute of wills. The preamble also recites a cause in Chancery about an agreement to sell the
share of one Dawson, and a decree by the Lords for a specific performance, on an appeal. The preamble firther recites various grants to show title in those with whom the crown was contracting

OF THE UNITED STATES.
for the surrender of their shares. All this shows, that Parliament thought a proprietorship in America alienable like other property.
"Lord 1l[an!fleld. In Dawsbn's case, the question between the parties was not about the power of alienating.

165
1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

" Mr. Kenyon. The statute of 7 and 8 Win. Il1. c. 22. s. 16. is also of consequence, for it restrains all persons, and their assigns, claiming any right,or propriety,in any islands or tracts of land on the continent of America, by charter, or letters patent, from selling to any but natural born subjects. This act supposes a proprietorship to be alienable.

" Lord Alansfield The clause in the act of William is odd. Without such a restriction, aliens were incapable of purchasing.
14Mr. Kenyon. In Penn v. Lord Baltimore, the question of alienation actually occurred ; and though it was not necessary to decide upon it, yet Lord Hardwicke seems indirectly to have, given an opinion, that the proprietorship of Maryland vi as 'alienable. See 1 Ves. Rep. 448.
"Lord Mansf~eld. The question before Lord Hardwicke was on the effect of an agreement between the Penn and Baltimore families, about the limits of Maryland and Pennsylvania, it being contended that Lord Baltimore had not power to dismember his Pro. vince, though he might make stibinfeudations; but the question was determined without deciding any thing on the power of alienating the whole Province.

"4Mr.Kenyon. I cite the case to the sake of Lord Hardwicke's dictum, and not as an adjudication. Thus, I am in possession of the opinion of the Legislature, and of the House of- Lords, and of Lord Hardwicke, as authorities to show, that the property is as
alienable as otper property. It remains to show, that the entail was well barred by Lord Baltimore, so as to enable him to dispose by will; and this Mr.'Serjeant Hill makes the great point. The question is as to the whole Province and seignory, and not as to any particular parts or subinfeudations. If it had arisen on the

166,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826. latter, the forms required 1y the provincial laws might have been ~complied with. But n,> Court within the Province can hold plea
CaVs.sell of the seignory itself. See Vaugh. Rep. 404. If no Court can Carroll. be found in Maryland for a common recovery, some other Court
must be found, or there must be some mode of barring the entail without a recovery. When this cause was before the Chancellor, Mr. Serjeant 1lill said, that a recol cry might have been suffered before the king in council ; but that ground is now destrted.
"Lord Mansfield. If any thing had been done for barring there,

it could only have been a p-oceedtng having analogy to common recovery, the couicil bein'" the proper pl-ce for adverse proceedings about the title to Maryland. The jurisdiction over all the seignories of the Provinces in America, has resided in the Privy Council from the time of Elizabeth.

" Mr. Kenyon. Two places for suffering a recovery have been mentioned; ti.e Court of Common Pit-as, and the Court of the Castle of Windsor. As to the former, it is said, that fines have been levied of lands in America, with a.viz. to bring them within England. But the plea for land is local, and it is impossible by a
viz. to transfer the place to England ; and two or three precedents are not sufficient for this purpose. Ab to the Court of the Castle of Windsos, I admit, that one manor holden of another may be pleaded for in the p-iricipal manor; but I do not know of any instances in which there can be such a plea, except the caqes of copyhold, and of lands in ancient demesne. Besides, how is seisin to be given of Maryland by a Court Baron in England ? It is said, that a recovery may he on a writ of right in the Court Ba.
ron of Windsor Castle; but, if such a Court exists, (which I do not admit,) it is allowed, that joining the mise carries the cause to the Common Plsas, and the moment the suit comes there it fails, for that Court cannot give seisin; and this deficiency, according to the case of the Isle of Man, in 2 Ves. Rep. 353. would make the recovery ineffectual. It is said, that Maryland might have been annexed to a county in England; but the answer is, that it is not so annexed. Further ; it doth not appear that a Court Baron is incident to the castle of Windsor. Such a Court may belong to the honour of Windsor; but Maryland is holden of the castle, and

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the castle and honour are distinct. A castle may be part of an honour or manor. Pitzh. .IVB. 6 D. I. am told, that the only Court belonging to tbe castle is for personal actions.
If the entail was not harrable by common recovery, it is to be considered wh-thor an alienation by some other commou assurance is not sufficient. The mod- by l. a~e and release, is found fault with; but this con\"-yanceis founded on the statte of uses, and, since that statute, it passes the fpe az well as any other. As to feoffment w;th warranty, ib general, it ww:i'd have failed : and I am not sure that it would have had the proper effect in the case which hath happened, because, here, the warranty would have descended both on Mrs. Browning and :Irs. Eden, as heirs of their brother; and, on the supposition that the property is entailable, to prevent perpetuities, the entail must be barrable in some way. In general, the power of barriog by romme recoveries, is incident to entails; and if that mode had not been adopted, the other modes would have been found out. Where common recoverips cannot be suffered, alienation is sufficient; and whether it be by feoffment, or lease and release, the effect ought to be the game. In the case of'copyholds, where there is a custom for entailing, and no custom for a common recovery, a surrender is equivalent to a recovery. This point was adjudged by three Judges aainst one, in Carrv. Singer, 2 Fes. Rep. 603. and the doctrine was approved of by Lord Hardwicke in a subsequent case. See Moor v. Moor, 2 res. Rep. 601. which case, though given by the reporters before Carr and Singer., is subsequent in point of ;ime. These authorities alone are s'iffirlent, but thcr same princ;ples in favour of alienation are to be met with in ancient books. In Wiliun v. Berkley, Plwd.Rep. 244. Judge Weston argues or tle principle, that 6veey estate tail is barrable; and, in Mary Portingfon's case, 10 Co. Litt. 40 a. Lorva Coke mentions, that Lord Dyer, in a case before the Lords in Pailiament, reproved one of the counsel for finding fault with cormniQn recoveries. But, besides the cases of copyholds, I have another authority, to show that conply;ng with the ldw of England as nearly as circumstances wll allow of, is sufficient. I have in my hand the repo-t of a committee of the Privy Council in the case of Governor W entworth, w'ho was complained of on various charges. One of these was, that he had set aside grants of land, in the ANmnrican Province of whi. h he was Governor, without office, according to the forms of the law of

167 .1826.
Cassell
V.
Carroll.

CASES IN THE SUPREME cOURT

1826..
.CasVs.ell
Carroll.

England; and the Lords of the Committee of the Privy Council, one of whom was Sir Eardly Wilmot, say, in their report, that in some of the Am.rican Provinces they have not Courts so corres-
pondent to those in England as to admit of the same forms, and that, in such cases, if a mode of doing the same thing cypres is adopted, it ought to be good ex necessitate. See p. 10. of the Report. This doctrine is applicable to the present ease. The property is entailable, but a common recovery cannot be suffered for want of a proper Court, and, therefore, ex necessitate,alienation being the only mode of barring the case will admit of, ought
to be adjudged.sufficient. But, if the property is not within the statute De Donis, and
yet,should be within the statute of wills, it may be material to consider what consequences will follow. Then, under ihe settlement of 1733, the last Lord Baltimore had a fee simple conditional, and if a possibility of reverter is not grantable, as Lord Hardwicke holds in Stafford v. Buckley, 2 Ves. Rep. 180. then the
possibility of reverter, in this case, did not pass to Mrs. Browning by the will of the father of the last Lord ,B.but descended on him, and, for want of an intervening estate, the former merged in the latter. During the life of the father of Lord Frederick, they were distinct ; but, afer the feaher's death, they met in the son, and this union gave him the whole fee.

"Lord Mans~feld. A possibility of reverter is certainly not grantable.

"Mr. Kenyon. As to the Isle of Man, there is an annotation by Lord Hale in the new edition of Coke upon Littleton, now publishing, which explains the reason why the statutes De Donis. of uses, and of wills, do not to extend to Man, in a way not applicable to Maryland. Man was a dominion belonging to the King of England before those statutes; and Lord Hale says, it was ruled, that those statutes do not extend there, because 51an was not parcel of the realm of England, and is not specially named. But the grant and settlement of Marylaid are subsequent to those statutes. See 20 b. of the new edition of Co.-Litt.(1)
"Lord Manadield. It will be very proper to consider the case of
(1) Bargr.4. Butlr. ed,

OF THE UNITED STATES.
the Isle of Man in 4 nst.and 2 Anderson. Both Maryland and Man are dominions held of the crown of wFgland;. and the grant of Man to the Derby family was prior to the statute De Donis, and yet the Judges held, that it did not extend to it, any more than the statutes of uses and wills, which were subsequent. The case of the Duke of Athol and the Bishop of Man, should also be considered. Lord Hardwicke took great pains in giving his opi. nion in that case. He gave me a corrected note of his opinion, and another to the Duke of Athol.

169
1826.
, CaVss. ell Carroll.

4"Mr. Serjeant HiMl, in reply. It is agreed, that if the property was in England, the case would be clear against the devisee of' Lord Baltimore for want of a recovery; and it has riot been shown that a recovery was impossible. The distinction between the land and port duties has not been answered. They were separated by King William. He seized the former, but did not much the latter. The distinction between sovereignty and mere
land is solid. The case from 2 P. WW'. 75. was cited to prove, that subjects of the King of England carry over our laws with them into a new settlement; which I do not controvert. A manor is not to be compared with the seignory of Maryland. The principal powers given to the proprietor of Maryland do-not belong to the lord of a manor.
"The word assigns is necessary to make offices of tnisansferrable; and the reason for omitting it in some parts of the Maryland charter, was to make some parts of the property utalienable. It is omitted in the grant of the seignory. It is said that kingd6ms are devisable; but there is no instance of the devise of a dependent kingdom.' I say this on the authority of Craig. Henry the VIII., and Elizabeth, had acts of Parliament.

"Lord Mansfleld.- By the feudal law, land was not devisable; much less a kingdom; though William the Conqueror claimed England under a will.

t' Mr. Sesjeant Hill. It is said, that recoveries on wrfts of right

in manor Courts, have only been in the case of copyholds, and of

lands in ancient demesne. But, in the cases I cited from Benloe and

Robinson, of recoveries in the Courts Baron of Rising and Wol-

VoL. X.

22

(GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1826.
CasVs. ell Carroll.

verhampton, the recoveries were of freehold land, and the words Sserundum consuetudinem manerii, which are used where the reco-
very is of copyhold, or ancient demesne, are not mentioned. The
argument from the entails of copyholds, which are barrable by surrenders, supposes, that there is no custom to warrant another mode; but the argument of necessity fails here, for there is another mode. I give the same answer to the cy pre&doctrine in the report to the Privy Council in Governor Wentworth's case.

"CLord Mansfeld. The questions in this case are new, and of
great difficulty. I have often considered them. I do not know of any litigated case before the present, in which the question has heen, whether a seignory like that of Maryland can be aliened or devised. Both the Baltimore and Penn families have made their proprietorships the subjects of settlements and entails. As to the statute of William and Ma,,it is strange that it should restrain from selling lands or proprieties to aliens ; because, .before that statut", they *ere incapable of purchasing. But, still, the words of the statute, which mention antiright or propriety in any island or tract of land in America, by charter, or letters patent, furnish some argument. In the case of Penn and Baltimore, the question of alienation could not arise. There the suit was about an agreemuent as lo the bounds of two Provinces; and it is certain, that a Province cannot be dismembered by aliening one part so as to be Jolden of another Province. Something might be incidentally said as to the point of alienation, but there could be no solemn adjudication, for the case did not require it. The jurisdictions and powers granted by the Maryland charter, are larger than those in any other. Doubts may arise as to the principality, from the nature of the property. Taking in execution, and other consequences of its being subject to alienation, may furnish strong reasons of policy against the power of alienating. The law being settled as to the principality, a secondary question will be, whether the lands or port duties can be severed from it. The rule of applying to America all the laws of England, in force at the time of settling a colony, is subject to many qualifications. The statute of charitable uses doth not extend to Antigua. There may be a difference, too, between the seignory and proprietorship of Maryland, and
other estates here. The seignory and proprietorship passed under the gre .Scal, ah4 that carries the law of England. Anothlr

A' THE UNITED STATES.

riing quite new, is the question as to barring the entail. The history of barring entails in the Provinces is material. If there had not been provincial laws to regulate the barring of entails, it might
have been proper to have supported the mode of baring by fines and recoveries in England. The necessity of the case might, perhaps, hbive justified it. But the provincial laws do not apply to the seignory and proprietorship of Maryland. The question as to them is entirely new, and of great difficulty. The pains taken to show, that a recovery might have been suffered in the Court of the Castle of Windsor, proves the force of the argument of necessity as to barring by alienation. The case of descendible freeholds, the entails of which are barred in that way, may have influ-
ence on the present case. " The case was ordered to stand for argument a second time
next Michaelmas term ; and Lord Mansfield said, that, probably,
several arguments would be necessary.-,

1826. -
U. S.V.Bank Smith.

(PaumissoaR NoTE. PLEADINGS.]
THE PRESIDENT, DIRECTORS, AND COMPANY, OF
THE BANK OF THE UNITED STATES against
SMITH.
On a demurrer to evidence, the judgment of the Court stands in the place of the verdict of the jury; and the defendant may take advantage of any defects in the declaration, by motion in arrest of judgment, or by writ of error.
R seems, that, as against the maker of a promissory note, or against the acceptor of a bill of exchange, payable at a particular place, no averment in the declaration, or proof at the trial, of a demand of payment at the place designated, is necessary.
But, as against the endorser of a bill or note, such an averment and proof, is, in general, necessary.
Where the bill or note is made payable at a particular bank, and the

