CASES IN THE -SUPREME COURT

1827.

It is believed, no purchaser would have ventured to buy

. without first inspecting the title deeds,and both the plats. But Dunlap be this asit may, and even if any should have been so careless

V.
Dunlap. as not to examine the latter plat. still it would clearly ap-

pear, from the recorded plat, that the lot described did not

lie m the addition supposed by the notice, but in Threlkeld's

addition, which was all that was necessary to correct the

mistake; and it would also appear, it must necessarily lie

in the angle made by Fayette-street and Second-street.

A purchaser, or any one inclined to become a purchaser.

of property upon those streets, could not have failed to have

ascertained the particular lot intended by the notice.

We all think the notice was, notwithstanding the mistake

in part of the description, certain to a common and reason..

able extent, and that is sufficient.

Judgment affirmed, with costs.

LCHA'cERY. LoCAL LAw.

DugrAP and Another, Appellants. agazn.t DUNLAP and Others, Respondents.
A question of fact, in a suit in equity, respecting the proprietary nterest in an entry of lands within the Military District of Ohio.
Rule of equity, that where land is sold as for a certain quantity; tL Court of Equity relieves if the quantity be defective, only applicable to contracts for the sale of land in a settled country, uhere the titles are complete, the boundaries determined. and the real quantity known, or cipable of being ascertained by the vendor.

Feb. 9th.

THIS cause was argued by Mr Scott for the appellants. and by Mr Doddndgefor the respondents.

Feb. 17th. Mr. Chief Justice MaRSBALL delivered the opinion of the Court.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

575

This suit was brought originally by John Dunlap, the appellee, in the Circuit Court of the United States. sitting in the District of Ohio, to obtain a conveyance of one moiety of a tract of land in the State of Ohio, which was purchased, as is alleged in the bill, on the joint account of the plaintiff and of his uncle Alexander, one of the defendants in the. Circuit Court. Alexander, who made the contract, obtained the conveyance to himself, and afterwards conveyed the land to his son James. Both Alexander and James were made defendants.
Some time about the year 1792 or 1793, Alexander Dunlap purchased from John Fowler an entry of one'thousand acres of land on the Scioto river in- the Virginija. Military District, at the price of 100 pounds, Virginia currency. Anagreement was 6ntered into at the time between the-plaintiff and the defendant, Alexander, that this puchase" should be made ill partnership, the plaintiff says, with himself, the defendant says, with John Dunlap, senior, his father. The testimony, however, proves incontestibly that, though the moiety of the purchase money was paid by the father, it was paid for the plaintiff, whom he always considered as the rightful proprietor of the land. The purchase will, therefore, be treated as being made on the joint account of the plaintiff and Alexander Dunlap. JAmes Dunlap claims as a volunteer under Alexander, and hig title is dependant on that of his father.
The original entry was made the 7th of August, 1787. It was withdrawn and re-entered on the 22d of April, 1796, and this entry was again withdrawn and re-entered on the 25th of July, 1796. The warrant was re-entered on nearly
the same land. The changes were such as might probably be caused by a more perfect knowledge of the country; and the last entry, as surveyed on the 20th of October, 1796, contains about three hundred acres of surplus land. The plat of the surveyor, however, on which the patent issued, specifies only 1000 acres. The right to this surplus constitutes the chief subject of controversy between the parties The plaintiffs contend that the whole entry was purchasec and that in such contracts the whole entry passes to the purchaser. The defendants insist that the original uontract wa;

1827.
Dunlap
V.
Dunlap.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1827. for only 1000 acres, and that the surplus land belonged to
~ Fowler. That he afterwards purchased this surplus, not
DuVn.lap on joint account, but for himqelf. In 180-2 he obtained a
Dunlap. grant for the whole tract in his own name, and now claims the whole surplus as his separate property. The entry is for 1000 acres of land. The survey made on the entry purports to be for 1000 acres of land. The plat and certificate of survey were transferred by John Fowler to Alexander Dunlap, by an endorsement in the following words. "I do hereby assign all my right, title, and interest to the within land to Alexander Dunlap, and request a grant may issue accordingly." This is the only written evidence of the contract, and purports to be a transfer of the whole entry and survey. The defendant, Alexander, alleges, in hii answer, that the original contract was 1' only for 1000 acres of land," that after the survey he discovered the surplus and mentioned it to Fowler, who said that he had contracted to sell but 1000 acres, and should require additional compensation for the excess. The respondent areed to give him 300 dollars for the surplus, and Fowler's receipt for that sum, dated the 17th of October, 1800, is annexed to the answer. T' ough the defendant introduces into his answer the allegation that he purchased only 1000 acres of land, yet it is remarkable, that in the first part of the same answer he states himself to have purchased the entry. and alsQ says that the surplus was not discovered until many years afterwards, when the survey was made. The reservation of a surplus, -when no surplus existed. in a contract which purported tc be made for the entire tract, at a time when the purchase of entries was a common transaction, and the probability that an entry might be so surveyed as to comprehend morc land than it called for, or so as to interfere with other entries and lose a part of the land it covered, was a matter of gene. ral notoriety. is so extraordinary a circu tsitance as to justify a critical examination of the testimony by which it is sup ported. Alexander Dunlap. in the first instan'ce, states the contrac' ,o have been, in fact, what it purports to be, a purchase of he entry, that is. of the entire entry. 'To reconcile thiz

OF THE UNITED STATES.

with the subsequent declaation, that "the purchase was

only of 1000 acres of land," we must suppose that, as the entry called for that quantity, and he purchased the entry,

he might allow himself to say that he purchased only 1000

acres. He drew an inference, however, which the law does

not draw, and on which he ought not to have acted until he

consulted his partner.

The defeadants also sustain their pretensions by the testi-

mony of. ohn Fowler, whose -deposition was first taken on

the 24th of October, 1817. He identifies the receipt, and

swears that it was a.fair transaction.

His deposition is taken a second time on the 3d of Au-

gust 1&19. He swears "that he sold to Alexander Dun-

lap 1000 acres of land within the bounds of a military sur-

vey, made in his name, as assignee of Arthur Lind, on the

Scioto river, and, afterwards, about the 7th day of October,

1800, he sold to said Alexander Dunlap, for the consideration

of 300 dollars, all the surplus contained within the bounds of

the said military survey."

This deposition states the original contract as if a survey,

not an entry, had been the subject of it , and as if the trans-

fer had been of a specified portion of that su'.vey, not of the

whole.

On the 18th of November, 1820. a copy of the plat and

certificate ofsurvey was obtained from the general land office,

by which it appeared that the survey was made on the 20th

of October, 1796, three or four years after the entry had

been sold. "

The deposition of John Fowler was again taken on the

28th of November, 1822. He swears that in 1792, or 1793, lie

sold to Alexander Dunlap 1000 acres, part of a military sur-

vey made in the deponent's name, as assignee of Arthur Lind,

on the Scioto river, at the rate of IGpound Virginia curren-

cy per 100 acres, reserving the surplus should the said sur-

vey contain any within the bounds." Some years afterwards,

lie was informed by the late General Nathaniel Massie, -that

":the survey contained about 300 acre of surplus2. Some-

time after which; he proposed to sell the said surplus to

Alexander Dunlap, who agrced to give him therefor 300

dollars.

VOL. X.

7c

1827.
DuVn.lap Dunlap.

CASES IN T[E SUPREME COURT

1827. v
DunVl. ap
Dunlap.

In this deposition the witness states a sale by the acre. although, in his preceding depositions, lie had spoken of a sale in gross. In his second deposition he had mentioned
the sale of 000 acres of land, - within the bounds of a military survey made in his name on the Scioto ;" plainly alluding to a survey already made. In his third deposition, he still speaks of a military survey, but plainly speaks of it as of one to be made in future.. He reserved the surplus, he said, "should the said survey contain any within the bounds." [t is also'observable, that he says he received the information from Massie, whereas, Alexander Dunlap says. in his answer, that he himself gave the information to Fowler. This, however, taken in itself, would not be a very material contradiction. It might be accounted for. But the various shapes in which Fowler places, the contract certainly show that his recollection of it was very imperfect,
and is not entitled to much credit. The assignment which he made to Alexander Dunlap is
of the entire survey. It must be considered as an execution of the contract he had previously made, and is written evidence of the extent of that contract. If, instead of selling the whole survey, as the assignment imports, he had sold only a part of it,:his natural course would have been, either to take out the patent in his own name, and give his obligation to convey a part when the patent should issue, or to take it out in their joint names, entering into an agreement specifying their respective interests, or to take some obligation from Alexander Dunlap, binding him to re-convey the surplus. A written contract cannot -be varied by such suspicious testiinony as that of Fowler, especially in a case which contains within itself the strongest circumstances of probability
against the attempt This probability is supported by other testimony than is
furnished by the contract itself. James Dunlap; the brother of John, deposes, that Alexander Dunlap told him he and the plaintiff had purchased the tract of landin partnership, language which certainly alludes to the whole tract. The partition, too, which was afterwards made, after an acs'ial survey for the purpose, if it divided the tract into moie.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
ties, is almost coniclusive evidence that the idea of Fowler's title to the surplus had not then occurred to the appellant.
The counsel for the appellant endeavours to support Fowler's title to the surplus, independent of the special contract, and cites some cases to show that where land has been sold for a certain quantity, and has, in fact, amounted to much less than the quantity mentioned, a Court of equity has interposed and given relief. But the difference is very material between contracts made for land in a settled country, where the titles are complete, the boundaries ascertained, and the real quantity either known, or within the reach of the vendor, and those made for land situated as was the whole military district at the date of this contract. It was notoriously the general pra:tice to sell an entry or a survey taking the chance of surplus, and the hazard of losing a part of the land by other entries. A special contract, departing from this general custom, ought to be in writing, or to be very clearly proved, especially when the written evidence of the contract conforms to this general custom.
It is, also, worthy of remark, that the entry, as it stood when sold, could not have contained any surplus land. It calls " to begin on the Scioto, at the lower corner of Benjamin Lawson's entry, No. 439, running down the river 1,000 poles when reduced to a straight line, thence from the beginning with Lawson's line so far that a line parallel to the general course of the river shall include the quantity.1 No excess ought to be anticipated from the survey of such an entry, and the anticipation of such excess is against all probability. The subsequent changes of the location must be supposed to have been made by the owner of the lind, and the survey also must have been made by his direction. perhaps through his agent, the-locater, or according to the judgment of the surveyor. Nothing could accrue to Fowler from a survey so made.
We are, then, entirely satisfied, that the whole tract was
purchased, and ought to be divided between the purchasers in equal moieties, unless some partition has been made or agreed upon between them.
It is certain, that an effort towards a partition has been

57t)
827.
DunVl.ap Dunlap.

1827.
% Dunlap
V.
Dunlap.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
made, and the questions which grow out of this effort constitute the sole difficulty in the case.
The bill charges, that before the grant was issued, the
parties divided the land in equal quantities, and the plaintiff paid Alexander 60 dollars for chow;e of moieties, and elected to take the northern, or upper part. A dividing line was then run, and each party took possession of his land in severalty.
The ddfendaint admits, that there was a conversation concerning a division, that the line was partially run. and that the plaintiff paid him 60 dollars ior choice; but insists, that the line was only partially run, that the division was incomplete, and that the intention was to divide 1,000 acres only.
It is, then, admitted, that some division was made, that some line was run, that John paid Alexander 60 doilars for choice, and chose the northern part. If that line can be found it ought to be established, and if it has been run only a part of the way, it ought to be continued to the outward boundary of the tract. If it cannot be found, the land is now to be divided into moieties in the manner then
agreed on. James and. John Stephenson depose, that they were the
chain carriers when the survey for the purpose of a division was made. That h dividing line was run from the back line towards the river. They both think, that a marked line to which they were conducted in the presence of the parties, and of lames Hough, the surveyor, was the line which was then run. Their opinion is founded on the continguity of the corner which was shown to them as the beginning, to a branch which is near it, and which they think they recollect. The line was run about twenty years before they gave their depositions, which was in 1818, and they do not know whether the line now shown them is the true line or not.
Other testimony shows, that it cannot be the true line
The surveyor proves, that the marked tree shown as the beginning, had not. in 1821, been marked more than seven or eight years: and all the testimonv in the cause proves. tha'

OF THE UNITED STATES.

the line ran throjigh James Dunlap's orchard, and that he himself frequently said so. The line now claimed by him. and supposed by the Stephensons to be the true line, woutd not come near his orchard. It is apparent, then, that this line has been made long since the division, and there is some reason to suppose it was made by James Dunlap, rho occupied Alexander's moiety of the tract.
The place established by the Court as the beginning, is a white oak and blue oak, standing in the western line of the tract, and marked as a corner. Being in the line, there could be no reason for marking them as a.ccrner unless such had been the-fact, and the trees could be a corner only between the Dunlaps. The surveyor cut a bldck obt of the ash, including one of the chops, and found, from marks which are considerdd as unerring, that the chop had been made twenty-one years ; that is, there were twenty-one year's growth over it. This -was in December, 1718. The chop might have been made in the autumn of 1797, or the spring of 179g. The dividing lipe is supposed'to have been run in 1798. A line from this point to the river, so as to di'vde the tract equally, passes through James Dunlap's orchard, and leaves rather more of it on the side of Johti than would be left by the line which James Dunlap had admitted. This line is established by the decree of the Court. The testimony is, we think, in its favour, and that there is
no error in the decree. It is 9ffirmed, with costs.

1827.
Dunlap
V.
Dunlap.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

5 uI

That whatever doubts might be entertained as to the 1827. charge of the Court below relatingg to the transactions in %4England, (which it has not been thought necessary to state,) Parker in respect to the protest and transmission of the bills, we Judges of think there is none as to what took place after their arnval CDirI.arCyolaunrtde.or at the treasury of the United States. The question was, whether notice of the dishonour of the bills was transmitted to the party within the time prescribed by the general law in respect to bills of exchange. The Court were of opinion, that there was negligence either at Washington or New-York, as to giving such notice; and that the notice actually given was too late to fix him with the responsibility. The letter from the treasury department giving the noticei was either not sent in due course of mail to New'York, or there was negligence at New-York in not giving notice there as early as it should have been given, after the letter arrived at that city. Whelher, therefore. the Judge erred or not, as to the first part of his cha,'ge, in rkspect to the trans',ission of the bill., from Englat,d ii a reasonable tme, there was no doubt that the United States had no right to recover on account of the neglect in giving due notice after the return of the hills.
Upoi, this .-round, the judgment of the Circuit Cour was affirmed.

PARKER and Another against The JUDGES IOP THiE CIBsrtv, COURT OF MARYLAND.

An injunction out of the Circuit Court, to stay proceedings on a

judgment at law in that Court, may issue, not,,isbstanding the

pendency of a writ of error on the juagmeuc in this Court.

An injunction issued by order of the District Juidge, expires at dhe

next term of the Count. unless cont-nued by the Court; but the

denial of several succesive motions to dissolve the injunction,

may, uqder circumstances, be considered., equivalent to an order

for renewing it.

VOL. XIl.

71

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. \.o--
Parker

AR. Raymond, for the plaintiffs, having, on a fbrmer day obtained a rule to show cause why a mandamus should not issue to the Judges of the Circuit Court of Mlarland

V.lad

Judges-of cause was this day shown, and the question argued by Mr

ir. Court of Rnymond, for
Maryland. - ... ,

the

rule,

and

by the

dttorzey General.

against it.

Feb. 9th,.

Feb. ioth.

Mr. Chief Justice MARsHAr.r. delivered the opinion of the Court.
A rule was made upon the Judges of the Court of the United States for the Fourth Circuit and District of Maryland, to sho.w cause why an execution should not issue on ajudgment rendered in that Court in favour of Parkin, Parker, and Clough, against John E. Rigden. A writ of error had been sued out to this judgment, which had been affirmed in this Court, and the usual mandate had been awarded. On affidavit that the clerk of the Circuit Court had refused to issue an execution, and that the Judges of that Court had refused to direct one, this rule was made.
The.cause shown is, that, after suing forth the writ of error to the original judgment, Rigden had determined to
abandon it. That the couiiel who had obtained the judgment took the .record from the clerk's office, filed it in this Court, and obtained an affirmance of thejudgment. Before tis affirmance, John E. Rigden obtained an injunction to stay all proceedings at law on the said judgment, which the counsel for Parkin, Parker, and Clough. have made two ineffectual attempts to dissolve; and that the said Judges were, and are, of opinion, that to issue execution during the continuance of the injunction, would be a violation thereof.
The record of the proceedings in Chancery is annexed to this return, which shows that an injunction was awarded
by Elias Glenn. the District Judge, on the 19th of February. 1825, at which time the writ of error was depending in this Court.
The subpoeua was returnable to the May term of the Circuit Court, but the record does not state, that any ordei
was made in the cause at that term. In December, a rule was made on the defendants in equity to answer the bill. In

OF THE UNITED STATES.

563

May, 1826, an answer was filed for Parkin, Parker, and 1827.

Clough, by William Gwynn and Daniel Raymond, their ,--

agents and attorneys;who moved to dissolve the injunction,

Parker
V.

which motion was reje.cted. Afterwards, in December, Judges of

1826, on the suggestion that there is no bond for the per- CMiraCryoluanrtd of formance of any decree which might he pronounced in the M

cause, it was ordered by the Court, that the injunction be

dissolved, unless cause be shown to the contrary on or before

the 23d day of December instant. On the 22d thi rule

was extended. The bond, given cn. nhtammg the inijunc-

tion, which had been mislaid, was found, and, on the 26th,

the Court, on argument, again refused to dissolve the in-

junction,

The cause shown on the return, consists of tvyo parts:

1st. The supposed incorrect conduct of the counsel for the

plaintiff at law, in bringing up the record after the defend-

ant had abandoned his intention to prosecute the writ of error. 2d. The pendency of the injunction.
The first rtause khoai.m entirely insuflicient. The plain- shoFwirstn csauufsRetiff in error having,given bond to prosecute his writ, was at cienUwt. liberty at any time to bring up the record; and, although the writ constituted no supersedeas, yet the party who had ob. tained the judgment would remain exposed to the hazard of its being reversed at a distant day. To obwiate such an inconvenience, one of the rules of this Court authorizes the defendant in error, where the plaintiff has failed to file the

record within the time prescribed, to docket the cause, and.

file a copy ot the record with the clerk. The defendantin

error has only conformed to this rule, and can be liable to

no censure for doing so.

The second cause assigned for refusing to issue the exe. Injunction

properlygrant-

cution, has been contested ery two grounds:

ed, noiwith-

1. It is contended, that an injunction could notbe award- standing the

pentqency of

ed while the record was before -this Court on a writ oftthe wtofer-

or in the ac.

error.

tion at law.

We do not think this a valid objection. The suit in

Chancery does not draw into question the judgment and proceedings at law, or claim a riht to revise them: It sets up an equity independent of the jtdgment, which admits the validity of that judgment,.but suggests xeasons why the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827l ,
airker

party who has obtained it ought not to avail himself of it. It proposes to try a question entirely new, which has not been, and could not be, litigated at law. It may be brought

Judges of before the commencement of a suit at law, pending such Cit. Courtof suit, or after its decision by the highest law tribunal. The
bill is an original bill, and may be filed although an injunc-
tion should not be awarded. The injunction arrests pro-
ceedings at law, and may be dissolved or continued without
iakng any final decree in the case- Thc cordition of the ,uit at law relay bo a roason for imposing terms on the party
who applies for an injunction, but can be no reason for refusing it. The subpoena and injunction act on the person
to whom they are directed, not on the record, and it can be
of no consequence where the record is.
An injunction B. The second objection to the pendency of the injuncissud by the tion has more weight. It was awarded in December, 1825,
District Judge, expires at the by the District Judge, and no order appears to have been next term of the Circuit made for its continuance at thc succeeding term. The act
Court, ui.lis which authorizes the District Judget fn grant writs of in-
cotinucd 'by
the Court. junction, provides, " that the same shall not, unless so ordered by the Circuit Court, continue longer than to the Circuit Court next ensaing.' An order for its continuance,

therefore, ought to have been made; and, after the close of
the term without such order, an execution might have been
sued out on the judgment without any contempt of the Court. But, under the But if,in point of law, the injunction ceased to exist. the circumstances Court could reinstate it at wi!l. The Judges acted obviousof the present e ate, the in- ly on the opinion, that the injunction still continued, and jeld to bewa ought to continue. Two successive notioiis to dissolve tlnued by the it were ,overruled. The same view of the case which indental of seve. ral successive duced the Court thus to continue the injunction, must have motions to dis- nduced a reinstatement of it, had it been supposed to be *ol0e it. discontinued by the omission to make an order in it at the
term to which the subpcena was returnable. If, upoi, the
ground of this onission, the .aiardamus should be awarded, it might be rendered useless by granting a n.ew injnction. It ought to be granted, ifthe case, as it now appears, shows that the plaintiff in equity is entitled to relief. We must .uppose that, in the opinion of the Court, he is so entitled.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

565

or the injunction would have been dissolved on motion. The continuance of the injunction is, in substance, equivalent to a renewal of it.
Under these circumstances, some difference of opinion exists on the motiori for a mandamus. Some of the Judges think, that it ought to be awarded ; others are of opinion, that as the injunction is still continued by the Court, and as the Judges who have a right to give it force have returned thatat is in force, it ought not to be awarded. The motion
isoverruled. Rule discharged.

1827. Thompson
Peter.

[LIMITATION.]
Tu-omPsoN agamst.PETER & JonNs, Administrators de bonrs non of PETER, deceased.
An acknowledgment of the debt by the-personal representatives of' the original debtor, deceased, will not take the case out of the statute of limitations.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District ofColumbia. This was an action of assumpsit brought in September, 1822, by the plaintiff against the defendants, for goods sold, &c. to their intestate. At the trial in the Court below, the plaintiffgave in evidence, that in the lifetime of the intestate, James Peter, who died in the year 1808, fie admitted the payment, at his request and for his use, by the plaintiff, of the 800 dollars, charged in the account produced, that after the death ofsaid Peter, and after his brother D. Peter had obtained letters of administration on his estate, an account, of which the one now in suit is a copy, was drawn off, passed the Orphan's Court, and presented to said D. Peter, as said administrator, for payment; to which he answered, there were no funds in hand to pay the debts of the.antestate. The said account. with the certificate of allowance by the Or-

CASES IN THE SUPREM, COURT

1827.

MConnell

[LocAL LAw.]

Vo
The Town of

Lexington. M'CONNELL against THE TRUSTEES Or THE TowN or LEX-

INGTON.

A question in equity as to the title to a lot of land in the town of Lexington, Kentucky, reserved as public property, and claimed as having been appropriated by the plaintiff's ancestoY. Bill dismissed under the circumstances of the case.

Feb. I2th. This cause was argued by Mr. Rowan for the plaintiffi, and by Mr. Talbot for the defendant.

Feb. s.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the
Court. This suit was 'bro.ught in the Court of the United States
for the Seventh Circuit and District of Kentucky, against fbc trustees of the town of Lexington, and others, to obtain a conveyance of tn and oul lots, No. 43, in that town, or of such other lots in lieti of them as might still remain to be conveyed, by the trastees. The whole of out lot No. 43; and a part of the in lot, had been conveyed to other persons who had been in possession for such a length of time as to bar the plaintiff's action. The bill was, therefore, dismissed by the plaintiffas against those defendants, and continued against the
trustees. The commonwealth of Virginia had, in 1773, by an act
commonly called "the land law," reserved 640 acres of land for the benefit of those who had settled in a village or station, that ;t might be afterwarda 1-4- -.ut into lots for a town. and divw eu dwong such settlers. The inhabitants of Lexington purchased 70 acres adjoining the reserve of 640 acres, and after laying the'whole off in lots and streets, petitioned the assembly to establish a town. The legislature, in May, 1782, passed an act, vesting the whole 710 acres in trustees, who were empowered to make conveyances to those e- cm:iwho had already settled on the said lots, as also to the purchasers of lots theretofore sold . and to lay off

OF THE UNITED STATES.

53 8 11

such other parts of the said land as was not then laid off 1 ;.

and settled into lots and streets, and to sell, or otherwise ,

dispose of theltame, for the beinefit of the inhabitants.

MAC7onnell

James MWConnell was one of the settlers in Lexington, The'Town of and was killed by the Indians in 1782. His brother and heir Lexington

at law, Alexander M'Comell. filed this bill in 1815. and

founds his claim on proof that he had in his lifetime erected

a tannery on %nlot No. 43, on which was a large spring, and

on the following order of the board of trustees :

"At a meeting of the board of trustees for the town ot

Lexington, September 30th, .1782, No. 43 in and out loL

granted to James MConnell, to be appraised, and the valua-

tion thereof redound to the heirs of said M'C6nnell, decea-

sed."

The trustees, in their answer, insist that in lot No. 43

never was granted to James MICQnnell, but a part of it

has always been considered as reserved, on account of a

ipring upon it, for the use of the inhabitants. They are in-

formed by the old settlers that the privilege of establishing a

tannery on that lot was ib the year 1781 granted to James

IM-Connell, who did establish one, and that the order ofap-

praisement was intended to cause a valuation of the improve.

ments and of the leather iimthe tannery, nbt of the lot itself;.

and that so much of the entry as appiies to the lot itself is a

mistake of the clerk. They-say that other lots, not these,

were granted to MbConnell. They also insist on the length

of time which has elapsed, and on the statute of limitations.

Several certificates from the clerk, and extracts from the

record books of the trustees, are filed as exhibits in the

cause. From one of these certificates it appears, that, on,

the 20th of December, 1781, at the first arrangement of 27&

and out lots of the town of Lexington, among the settlers,

zn lot No. 18, and out lt No. 37, were granted to James

M'Connell as his donation lots. The out lot appears to have

been transferred by John Clarke, whose connexion with

M6Connell is not stated, to Robert Parker, to whose assignee

a conveyance was made by the trustees in August, 1785.

An assignment by Alexander M1'Connell, as heir at law of

James, of his title to an out lot in the town of Lexington,

.nade in May. 1795. is produced: hut this assignment neithe,

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1827. mentions the number. of the lot, nor the name of the assignee.
il'Connell Another certificate from the clerk states, that in lot No. V.
TheT6%vnof 18 was granted on the 26th of March, 1781, to William Lexington. Stultc, and afterward, on the 2(Ah of December, 1781, to Ben-
jami Hayden. It was afterwards, on the 1st of July, 1783, awarded to James i-rConnell, and'afterwards, on the 8th of March, 1785, was forfeited. The cause of forfeiture is not mentioned. The presumption is, that it must have been on account of the non-performance of some condition on which the allotment was made.
The entries of the orders made by the trustees seem to be in great confusion. This may be well accounted for by the .then situation of that country. Some time in the ypar 1784, or 1785, Robert Parker, then clerk of the-board ofirustees, was'ordered to transcribe their old- books. Many of their entries were made on small scraps of paper, and on backs of old letters. The book then made. out is said to be lost.. There is, however, a book of records.
The imperfect and confused state of the books has made it necessary to resort to the testimony of witnesses to supply facts which the books do not disdlose.
It is very well ascertained, that the large spring, below 1"Inch M'Connell's tan vats were sunk, was enclosed within II te stockade, and was used by the inhabitants of the fdrt geneLally. It is also in proof that the settlers were each entitled to an in and out lot, and that the trustees frequently allowed thobe who were dissatisfied with the lots which they drew, to exchange them for others not previously granted.
William Stule, who was one of the original trustees, deposes, that.the lot on which the tan vats were sunk in spring, 178, was called XiConnelPs lot, butihe does not recollect any contract between M-Connell and the trustees, or any disposition made by them of the lot; until a part of it was given to Bradford, on which to erect a printing office.
Robert Patterson was also one of the original trustees. and was friend and relation of M'Connell. He deposes that. M'Connell was a tanner; the trustees being desirous to attract tradesmen to the station, permitted M'Con.,sll tocrect a-tan yard on the lot in contesf about the fall, 171. That the depon~at wa- puthorized by the trustees about the year

OF THE UNITED STA'TES.

5S5

4333 or 1784, to clear out and wall up the public spring, for 1827.

which he was paid by them. That it was called and used . as the public spring from the first settlement of the town. D'conV.ne11

He believes M'Connell was permitted to use part of the lot Th Townaf

as a tannery for the people of the town, because it was more Le.,)ngton.

convenient, and under cover'of the fort. While ihus used,

it was called M'Connell's tan yard. He does not know

that the trustees intended to make any other grant of the

lot than to suffer its use by M'Connell. 'They fixed a mar-

ket house on the lot in 1790 or 1791, and then claimed it as

their own property. They granted part of it in the year

1787 to John Bradford, on condition of his establishing a

printing office on it, reserving the public spring and a con-

siderable front on Main and Water streets, on Which they

erected buildings which were rented to Bradford. They

reserved a number of lots for public use.

John Torrence. William Martin, Samuel Martin, Benja-

min Hayden, Joseph Mitchell, Josiah Collins, and Hugh

Thompson, were among the .early settlers of Lexington, and

were examined, some of them by the appellant, and some

by the trustees. They all concur in the'declarations, that'

the spring was public, fo the use of the people of the fort

generally, that it was called the public spring ; some that it

was called the public spring lot; that M'Connell sunk vats,

and constructed a tan yard on it, after which it was called

M'Connell's tan yard, and one witness is inclined to think

M'Connell's lot. They all concur, however, in denying

having ever heard that the lot was given torl'Connell, or to

any other person. Sbme say, though they never heard him

claim the lot,.they have heard him claim the tan yard., Jo.

seph- Mitchell swears that M'Connell claimed a lot in a dif.

ferent square. Hugli Thomson says, that the records of the

trustees, which are produced to him at the tihe his deposi.

tion is taken; plainly show that-iii lot No. 18,*and out-lot No.

38, were granted to James MIConndl. John Parker, and

Alexander Parker, tame to Leington, the one in .1783, and

the other in 1784. They were each of them rembers of the board of.trustees, and depose to the universal understanding

that the spring tot was-reserved for public use, and had never

been granted to any person, until a part of it was grantcd to

VOL. XII.

74

586
1827. 'on
Chotard
V.
Pope.

CASES IN THE. SUPREMIE CoURT
Bradford for a printing office. Alexander Parker says, that looking into the record books, while a trustee, he sawj
with-surprise, the entry under which Alexander M'Connell
claims, and on making inquiries from Col. Robert Patterson, also a trustee, was informed that the trustees had prevailed on James M'Connell to establish a tannery under cover of the fort, to tan bu0"aloe hides, and had, after his death, appointed appraisers -to value his property. That the entry appears in its present form, is the mistake of the clerk who made it. 'He adds, that the records show, that 2n lot No. 18, and out lot No. 38, were graited to James MConnell.
The entry under which the appellant claims lot No. 43, does not purport to grant him that lot, but directs a valuaiffon in terms which import a former grant. No trace of that former grant is, however, found, and the testimony is very strong to provZ it was never made. The reasonableness of reservinga public spring for public use; the concurrent opimon of all the settlers that it was so reserved ; the universal admission of all, that it was never understood that thle spring lot was drawn by any pei,4on, the early appropriation of it to public purposes; the fact that James MConnell actually claimed a different lot, added to the length of time which has been permitted to elapse without any assertion of title to this lot, are, we think, decisive against the appellant. There was no error in dismissing the plaintiff's bill, and the decree is affirmed, with costs.

[LocAL LAW.]
CHOTARD and Others againstPoPE and Another
The act of May 8th, 1820, ch..595. "for the relief of the legal representatives of Henry Willis," did not authorize them to enter lands within the tract surveyed and laid .off for ti town of Claiborne, in the Slate of Alabama

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUWT

1327.
The Antelope.

[PPACTIC.]
The ANTELOPE. The Spanish and Portuguese Consuls, Claimants.

Further explanation of* the decree of this Court, in S. C., ante Vol. X. p. 66, and vol. XI. p. 413.
The Africans captured, except those restored to the Spanish claimants, tobe delivered to the United States, absolutely and unconditionally, without the precedent payment of expenses.
No judgment or decree can be rendered directly agiunst the United States for costs and expenses.
The fees and compensation to the marshal, where the government s a party to the suit, and his fees or compensation are chargeable to the United States, are to be paid out of the treasury., upon a certificate of the amount, to be made by the Court, or one of the judges.
Decree of the Circuit Court. nt respect to the apportionment among the several parties to the suit ,if the costs and expenses, affirmed.
Identity of the Africans restored to the Spanish claimant established
by sufficient evidence.

THIS is the same cause which is reported ante, vol. X. p. 66. and vol. Xl. p. 413. and was again brought before the Court upon a further appeal, and certificate of a division of opinions as to the proceedings of the Court below in execution of the former decrees of this Court.

March 6th. It was argued by the Attorney General and Mr. Key for the appellants, and by Mr. Bernen, Mr. C. J. Ingersoll, and Mr. Wilde, for the respondents.

Mard

15th. Mr. Justice TansLE delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case having been before this Court, and a decree rendered therein at February term, 1825, and again brought up, and an explanatory decree made therein at February term, 1826. the reports of the case in 10 Wheat. Rep. 66. and 11 Wheat. Rep. 413., are referred to for 'the general history of its facts and circumstances, and for the principles settled in it by the former decrees ofthis Court. The case was remanded to the Circuit Court, with directions to make

OF THE UNITED SrA'rEb.

15,111

a final disposition of the cIontroversy between the partieb, 1827.

pursuant to the principles of the decrees of 1825 and 1G26

of this Court.

T e

The Circuit Court, in order to enable it to decree finally Antelope.

in the case, directed the register to take and report an ac--

count of the costs, and also of the expenses of keeping,

maintaining, &c. of the Africans, by the marshal, and which

account was accordingly reported. Exceptions were filed

to the report by both the Portugueie and Spanm-h claimants.

The Circuit Court also caused proofs to be taken for the

purpose of identifying individually the Africans to be deli-

vered to the Spanish claimants, as directed by the decree of

18-26.

Thus circumstanced, the case came on for final hearing

before the Circuit Court, The Court decreed that the Por-

tuguese claimant should not be made liable for costs, or any

proportion of the expenses and charges of the marshal foi

maintaining, &c. the Africans, and being of opinion that

thirty-nine of the Africans were sufficiently identified by

proof, as being the propertyof the Spanish claimants, di-

rected the thirty-nine Africans, so identified, to be delivered

to the Spanish claimants, upon their paying a proportion of

the costs and expenses reported by the registrar, in the ratio

of the number of Africans delivered, to the wnole number:

and the Circuit Court was further of opinion, that the resi-

due of the Africans not directed to be delivered to the Spa-

nish claimants, should be delivered to the United States, to

be disposed of according to law, but, on the question whe-

ther they shall be delivered absolutely, or on condition of

paymentof the balance of the expenses which will remain

unsatisfied after charging the Africans adjudged to the Spa-

nish claimants in their due ratio, the judges of the Circuit

Court being divided in opinion, ordered this difference of

opinion to be certified to this Court.

The case comes up on this certificate of division, and,

also, upon an appeal prayed by the District Attorney

on behalf of the United States, and allowed, " From st.

much of the said final order of the Circuit Court, as re

lates to the apportionment among the several parties cm

1(h, costs and expenses, in the preservation. maintenalfce

GASES 1N THE SUPREME COUIRT

1827. v The
Antelope.

and custody, of the said'Africans, and of the costs and ux penses of-the various proceedings which have been had in relation to the said Africans, and, also, from so much of said order as decrees thirty-nine of the said Africans to the

Spanish claimants." We will first consider the question arising upon the cer-
tificate of'division of opinion between the judges of the Circuit Court. Quesion as to It appears, from the opinion delivered by the Circuit the narshai's Court, and from the registrar's report, that, in making up
cxpens.,
that report as to the amount of expenses, sixteen cents per diem was allowed the marshal for the custody, maintenance. &c. of the Africans, and the Spanish claimants were charged. asa condition precedent, with the proportion of expenses of the marshal, after this rate, in the ratio of the number of Africans to be delivered to them. The residue of the marshal's expenses, at the same rate per diem, is supposed to be meant by the term " expenses," in the question on which the judges were opposed in opinion, and it is supposed the question upon which the judges were opposed in opinion was, whether the Africans not directed to be delivered to the Spanish claimants, should be delivered by the marshal to the United States, absolutely and unconditionally, to bc, disposed of according to law, or whether it should be mi-
posed on the United States as a condition precedent to their delivery, that the United States should pay to the marshal his claim for expenses at the rate aforesaid, in the ratio of the number of Africans to be delivered to the United
States.
The Spaish claimants have not appealed from the de-
creeof the Circuit Court. As the Court had decided that
they ought to bear some proportion of the expenses, it was necessary, for the purpose of ascertaining the amount which they were to pay, to fix upon some data for making up ihe
account of expenses so far as related to them. But, s they do not complain, this Court is not called upon to decide whether they were overcharged or not, nor to determine
whether the rate of sixteen centsper diem was warranted by law, as the Circuit Court supposed, so far as the qpa nish claimants are concerne,.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

549

As relates to the United States, the question propounded
by the judges of the Circuit Court, and upon which they. were divided in opinion, does not necessarily draw in question the data or rate of the marshal's allowance for expenses, but whether the payment of his expenses, at any rate, or to any amount, ought to be.made a precedent condition to the delivery of the Africans to the United States. It may well be doubted, however, whether the State law does, as supposed by the Court, authorize the marshal to charge, as matter of right, sixteen cents per diem, for keeping, main-
taining, &c. the Africans, although it might furnish some guide, in an appeal to the sound discretion and justice of the government, in making him a reasonable compensation. It is true, the first section of the " Act for provwd~i:g compensation for the marshal," (3d vol. rb. 2.5.) after declaring the fees and comrensaticn to be aliwed the marshal
!or certain enumeraLed services, &c. adds, " For all other
services not herein enumerated. such fees or compensation
as arc allowed in the Supreme Court of the State wherc ,ne services are rendered." This has generally been con.
strued, and, we think, rightly, to mean, that where the services performed are not enumerated in the act of Congress, but sich services are enumerated, and a fixed allowance made therefor in the State laws, they shall fix the rule of compensation. The case under consideration is wholly unprovided for by tJhe laws and usages of the State. The AMricans to be delivered to the United States, are neither ,laves in contemplation of law, nor prisoners of war, nor
persons charged with crimes. The compensations allowed by the laws of the State to sheriffs and jailors, in these cases, do not, therefore, furnish any positive rule of law or right, as to the compensation which ought to be allowed the marshal in the peculiar circumstanceB attending these Africans. He is, no doubt, enuiled to a reasonable compensahon, but that mll.. depend upon the circumstances of the case, and not any positive rule. But be that as it may, it
could not legally enter into the judgment and decree of the Court, so far as that judgment or decree was to affect the ,.ihtb of tlp T'.:itcd Statc..or fte riahts of the marshal p,

1827.
'. -'
The

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. against the United States. It is a general rule, that no SCourt can make a direct judgment or decree against the
The United States, for costs and expenses, in a suit to which the Antelope. United States is party, either on behalf of any suitor, or

No judgment any officer of the government. As to the officers of the or decree can an*l be rendered government, the law expressly provides a different mode.. nited States The third section of the " Act for regulating process,"

for costs or ex- &c. (vol. 2. ch. 137.) makes provision for the fees and corn-

penses.

pensation to be allowed the marshal, similar to the "Act

for providing for compensation to marshals," &c. above cited. The fourth section makes some further regulations c6ncerning the fees -and compensation to be allowed clerks and marshals, and then provides, " that the same having been examined and certified by the Court, or one of the judges of it, in which the services shall have been rendered, shall be passed in the usual manner at, and the amount thereof paid out of, the treasury of the United States," &c.
warshars ex- These provisions show, we think, incontestably, that, ppaeiidsesouttoof tbhee whether th(. .,mhal's fees and compensation for services treasury, upon rendered the United States be fixed by some positive statu-
a certificate of
the Court. tory rule, as in enumerated services, or depends upon what is reasonable and just under the circumstance. of the case, as in non-enumerated services, they must be certified to, and
paid out of, the treasury, and cannot lawfully constitute any part of the judgment or decree in the cause. It would, indeed, be extraordinary, if the marshal, who is the servant of the government, and holds possession of the Africans merely by its authority, could obstruct the operations of the government by a claim for compensation for his services.
The laws give the marshal no lien on the Africans, and we can discover no principle which will justify the Court in creating a lien, in effect, by its decree. There is no necessity for such a proceeding.
The seventh section of "An act in addition to the acts
prohibiting the slave trade," appropriates one hundred thousand dollars to carry the law into effect. The second -ection of the act authorizes the President of the United States to make such regulations 'nd arrangements as he may dee

OF THE UNITED STATES.

expedient for the safe keeping, support, and removal, beyond the liinits of the United States, all such negroes," &c.
It is not to be doubted, (5 Vol. ch. that 511.) if a reasonable account for expenses were certified according to law, that arrangements would be made to pay it out of the fund appropriated for

1827. ,.'/i
The Antelope.

carrying into effect the laws prohibiting the slave trade. We are of opinion it ought to be certified to the Circuit
Court, that all the Africans captured in the Antelope, except those directed to be delivered to the Spanish claim-

ants, should be decreed to be delivered to the United States,

absolutely and unconditionally, without the precedent pay-

ment of expenses. In that part of the case brought up by appeal, it is insist_- Qthueesatpiopnoratsiotno-
ed on behalf of the Unite"d,,"S"tates, that so much of the denet-cmosetnst anofd- tehxecree of the Circuit Court "as relates to the apportionment COnsesa among the several parties of the costs and expenses in the

preservation, maintenance, and cust,,dy of the Africans,

and the costs and expenses of the various proceedings which

have been had in relation to said Africans," is-erroneous.

It is contended, that these costs and expenses were occa-

sioned by the prosecution of a groundless claim by the Por-

tuguese and Spanish claimants, and that they should have

been decreed to pay them.

It may well be doubted whether these questions are now

open to discussion. By a former order and decree of the

Circuit Court, made before the former appeals, the ordina-

ry costs and charges were regulated, and they were paid ac-

cordingly; that order is not now before this Court in this

appeal. By the former decree of the Circuit Court, ren-

dered before the former appeals, a principle w,is established

as to the ratio in which the Spanish and Portuguese claim-

ants should be chargeable with the expenses ofmaintenance,

&c. The principle was, that they should be charged in the.

ratio of the number of Africans to be delivered to them

respectively.

There was no appeal from that part of the former decree

of the Circuit Court, or if there was, it was virtually affirm-

ed by the former decree of this Court. In the application of the principle to the case as it now

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUXRT,

1827. AntTelhoepe.

stands, it seems to follow, necessarily, that as none of the SAfricans are to be delivered to the Portu6'iese claimant, he should pay none of the expenses of keeping them, and that the Spaniard should pay in the ratio of thirty-nine, the

number to be delivered to him. The condition of the Portuguese consul, too, is very peculiar. Under the circumstances in which these Africans- were captured, and brought into the United States, it was his duty to interpose a claim for part of them, on behalf of the subjects of his majesty the King of Portugal. That claim was sustained in the District and Circuit Courts, and the general propriety of the claim was also recognised by the former decree of this Court, but as no individual Portuguese claimant of the property appeared before the hearing of the appeal, the claim of the Vice Consul of Portugal was dismissed on that ground. It would be too much to visit him with the extraordinary expenses under such circumstances, and he has
heretofore paid his proportion of the ordinary expenses of
the suit. We think there is no just ground of complaint on tie
part of the United States, that the Spanish claimants have not been burdened with more.than a rateable proportion of
the expense of keeping the Africans. Evideiuce stf- It only remains to be inquired, whether the Circuit Cburt tifcen to ideI- erred in directing thirty-nne of the Africans to be delivercd canis delivered to the Spanish claimants. clamants. to the Spanish It has been arigued, that there is no credible and compe-
tent evidence to identify them, or any of them. We are not of that opinion. We think, that under the
peculiar and special circumstances of the case, the evidence of identity is competent, credible, and reasonably satisfac-
tory, to identify the whole thirty-nine. It ought not to be forgotten, that in the original cause it
had been established to the satisfaction of this Court, that ninety-three of the Africans brought in with the Antelope, were the property of the Spanish claimants; but, as many of the Africans had died, it was the opinion of this Court, that number should be reduced according to the whole number living. The Circuit Court, proceeding upon this prmdvple. fixed the whole number to which the Spanish clatm.

OF THE UNITED STATE'.

ants were entitled at fifty, and then proceeded to inquire as

to their identity.

Grondona, who had been examined as a witness i the

original cause, was second officer on bnard the Antelope

when the Spanish Africans were purchased, and put on

board the Antelope, on the coast of Aftrca.

It appears, that the Africans captured, and brought in

with the Antelope, were put into the pesses ,oy of Mr. Wil-

liam Richardson : and that he had abnut fifty oi thpm em-

ployed atwork upon the fortifications at Savannah -that while

there, Grondona came out. wilh the marshal for the purpose

of identifying the Spanish Africans, that the fift Africans

were drawn up in a line. that Grondona made -igns, and

spoke to the negroes, and they to him, and they generally

appeared to recognise him as an acqunintance On cross-

examination, he says, he'canat say that eyery one of the

negroes recognised the sign made by th, perqoii accompa-

nying the marshal to the fortificationss, but that they gene.

Lally did.

The Africans of the Antelope being paraded in front oi

the court house, Mr. Richardson was directed by the Court

to point out. and designate, individually, the Africans who

had worked on the fortifications. and he designated thirty.

four. It is proved'by Mr. Morel. the marshal, that 1 tea-

dona recognised five others, who were with other persons,

and that they appeared to recognise Grondona as an acquain.

tanoe. These five are described by name, and pointed out

by other witnesses.

Before these proofs were taken in open Court, for the

purpose of identifying the Africans claimed by the Spaniards,

Grondona had disappeared, and it is suggested was dead.

He had, however, in his exammnation as a witness in chief

in the cause, shown, that he was an officer on boara, and

knew the Africans belonging to the Spanish claimants.

Grondona, and the Africans, both spoke languages not nn.

derstood by the witnesses , yet it could well be seen by ihen,;

that Grondona and the Africans knew and understood each

other; and Mr. Richardson swears, that many of 'hem aj,

peared to know him verv well, and lhat he claitnf d ther, .n

VoL. X!T

70

I '27. \.-
Athe

CASES IN THE SUPREME COJRT

1827. .AI'Lemore
V.
Powell.

part of the Africans originally put on board the Antelope by the Spanish owners.
We think this evidence was sufficientL under the very pe-
culiar circumstances of this case, reasoiahly to satisfy the mind of the identity of thirty-mne of the Africans as belonging to the Spanish claintants.

DECREE and CERTIFICATE. This cause came on, &c, On consideration whereof, this Court is of opinion, that there is no error in the decree of the Circuit Court so far as the same proceeds, and that it be AFFIRMED, and upon the question on which the judges of the Circuit Court were divided in opinion, it is the opinion of this Court, that all the Africans. not to be delivered to the Spanish claimants, ought to be decreed .to be delivered to the United States. unconditionally, and without the preccdent payment of ex-
penses,.to be b)themi disposed of according to law.

,BILL.orEXcANGE. SURETY.,
A'L.NionE, Plaintiff in Error, against POWELL and other:. Defendants in Error.
An agreement between the creditor and principal debtor for delay. or otherwise changing the nature of the contract to the prejudicv of the surety, in order to discharge the latter, must be an agreement having a sufficient consideration, and binding in law upon the parties. mere agreement by the holder of a bill with the drau er fbr delay. without any consideration for it, and without any communication with or assent of the endorser, nill not discharge the latter, aftei lie has been fixed in his responsibility by the refusal of the drawee and due notice to himself.
A5~t.h. THIS cause was argued by Mr. White and Mr. Eaton foi the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Webster and Mr. Bli-s for ,he defendants in error

O')F THE UNITED STATES.
[C, ANCEPY.] SCOT and Others, Appellants, against SHREVE and
Others. Respondents.

Wil5
1827. ;cVot.t Shreeve

Relief in equity ag.ainst a judgment at law, upon certain bonds given for the indemnity of the obligee, as endoiser of notes drawn by
the obligor, the consideration having failed. The assignee of such bonds takes tieni subject to all equities exist-
ing betweeni the original parties.

THIS cause was argued by Mr. Swann, for the appellants, Jan. ist,. and by Mr. Taylor, for the respondents.

Mr. Justice THOMPSON delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case comes up by appeal from the Circuit Court of the District of Columbia for the county of Alexandria. The object of the bill filed ii the Court below, was to obtain relief against a judgment at law recovered against Shreeve. the appellee, upon certain bonds given by hii to Elisha Janney, and which bonds had been assigned to the appellant. Scott, as his trustee, for the benefit of his creditors.
In the progress of the cause, it was deemed necessary bk the Court, that the Bank of Potomack should be made o party defendant. A supplemental bill for that purpose was accordingly filed, and the bank made a party.
The first inquiry that seems naturally to arise is, how the case stood as between Shreeve and Jaimey, the original parties to the bonds. The material facts upon which the complainant in the Court below relied for relief, are not demcd by the answer of Scott. From the bill and answver, and exhibits in the caitse, accompanied by a written agreement between the solicitors of the parties, before the cause u as set down for argument, the leading facts in the case appear to be, that some time in the year 1808, Shreeve failed ii biisiMes, being indebted to the Bank of Potomack in thc. -um of 6.300 dollars, upon a note. diw,'omnted a, fh Ia-nl.

Jan. OtIh

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. Scott V. Shreeve.

and upon which Janney was the endorser; for whose secu-
~rity Shreeve transferred to him, and John Roberts, who was
also his endorser upon other notes, certain property at a va-
luation, but which, upon settlement of accounts between them, fell short Qf Janney's responsibility to the bank upon his endorsement, 1.980 dollars 88 cents, for which, by agreement between the parties, Shreeve gave to Janney five bonds, payable i five annual instalments, and Janney was to pay the note to the bank, upon which he was the endorset. The note, however, was continued running in the bank in its original form, Janney appearing responsible as endorser only. This not6 was renewed from 'time to time until the 19th of May, 1809, when, by the payments which had been made by Janney out Qf the ptoperty assigned by Shreeve, it was reduced to the sum of 3,306 dollars ; .and
Jainey .himself havlng failed about this time,mo further payments were made upon this oote until the month of June, 1818. when Shreeve, after a long absence, returned to Alexandria, and was called upon by the bank for payment of his note, upon which he paid the sum of 3,345 dollars 29 cents, being the amount of principal and interesf due upon the five bonds which he had given to Janney.
Upon thi brief statement of the facts as between Shreeve and Janney, it will be 'seen, that Shreeve was exposed to a double responsibility for the same debt. He was liable on his note held by the bank, (unless the bank may'be considered as having assented to the, arrangement, and accepted Janney as solely responsible on the note, which will be hereafter considered,).and he was also liable to Janney on the bonds which he had given him. For the purpose -ofindemnifying Shreeve against his responsibility to the bank, Janney gave him the instrument bearing date the Ist of March, .18b9, acknowledging that Shreeve had satisfied him by his bonds of the 28th of February, 1809, for all demands against him as security at bank, and for all other accounts ; and that the note above referred to, although originally discounted' for the use of Shreeve, was continued in his damc, but for the colivenience of him, Janney, and vngaging to save Shreeve harmless from the said note. and in due time &Ltake it tp.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

607

An objection is here made to sustaining this bill in equity, because there was a complete and adequate remedy at law. But this objectmon cannot be sustaied. The bonds given

1827.
Scott
S.

by Shreeve to Janney were -imply for the pa) ment of mo- Shreeve.

ney. and although the consideration for which they were The plaintiff given had failed by-Janney's neglect to pay up the note i.n.btoelowieelinemf itleid the Bank of Potomack according to his engagement. this tq t,, not could not have been set up at law as a defence in the suit having a coin-
ph-te and adc-
upon the bonds; nor could he. in that suit, have set off the qUatne remedy amount paid to the baik upon his note. The engagement law.

of Janney, on 9ssuming the payment of the note to the bank,

was a contract of nndemnmty only, and rested in damages,

and could never form the subecl of a set-off at law, and

although an action at law mightbe maintained against Janney

upon this indemnity, it would be going too far, even if Jan-

ney was solvent, to say, that a Court of equity could not in-

terpose and stay a recovery upon the bds. but that the

party must be tiried round to his remedy at law upon his

indemnity. But, in the present case. it would be gross in-

justice. and a certain denial of all remedi to refuse relief

on this ground. Janne) having become insolvent There

was, then, no defence at law which Shreeve could have set

up against these bolds, nor had he an) other retied) at law

to which he was bound to resort.

Was there, then, an) defence which h ..uld have set up

agamnst a suit upon his note if he had perimimed the bank to

prosecute him 9 N ,meis perceived by the Court. fie stood

upon the note as maker, and was liable to the batik as such ;

and although, by the agreement between him and Janney,

the note was continued in that form for the convenience of

Janney, yet the bank was no party to that arrangement,

and could not be bound by it. Even admitting the knowledge

of that agreement by the bank, itcertainly could not have

been set up as a defence to the note, unless it could be

shown, that there was an express or implied agreement to

accept Janney as the debtor, and to discharge Shreeve.

It has been urged, however, on the part of the appellants,

that the statute of limitations had run against the note, and

flhat Shreeve might and ought to have availed himself of if

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827.

If the statute of limitations had run against this note, and

,

might have been pleaded, we should be very unwilling to say

Scott that Shreeve was bound to plead it. It is a defence which

V.
Shreeve. a party may often avail himself of with greatjustice and pro-

The plaintiffpriety. But whether he will or not, must -be left to his own

not bound to election. It is, however, unnecessary to inquire .into the

rely upon the

aoped

statute oflim,- duty or obligation of Shreeve to have pleaded the statute,

tations. under.the circumstances of the case, because we do not

think- it, could have been set tip as a defence to the ac-

tion.

The letter-of license given by the bank to Shreeve bears date on the 12th January, - 1809, and was for the term of

seven years, which, of course, expired in January, 1816. It certainly cannot be pretended that the statute ran during the

continuance of this letter of liceuse. Payment of the note

was demanded by the bank, and made by Shreeve, in June, 1818, about-twa years and five mhnths after the expiration

of the letter of license, a period much within the time ne-

cessary to bar the action.

'he assignee .The next inquiry is, whether Scott, the assignee of Jan-

ofthe- od
fd toab

e ney,

has

acquired

any

greater

right

or interest

in.these

bonds

tthoeamll,thseuebqjueci-t than.Janney himself had. So far as relates to the question,

ied ex1ting whether the consideration had failed, -the assignee stands

between the precisely in the situation of the original, party. He took the

original -

t ,

bonds subject to all existing equities. 'This is the settled

rule iu chancery, and that which is recognised by the laws of Virginia which are in force in Alexandria. Nor has any thing

occurred, since the assignrhent, to give to Scott or the creditors of Janney any additional rights. These bonds were assigned by Janney as his own property, and for the benefit of his own creditors, which was a violation of the trust and confidence reposed in him by. Shreeve. They were given ex-

pressly, accordingto the agreement of the parties,.to provide

for the payment of the note to the bank of Potomack; and it

is admitted that no part of this note has been paid.out of the

funds of Janney. The note had been reduced from %6,300

to $3,306, at the time Janney failed in the spring of 1809,

but these payments were made out of Shreeve's funds, assigned by Janney to Roberts by the deed of the 11th of Au-

gust. 1802. And it is also admitted that Scott. the assi]gnec

OF THE UNITED STATES.

609

has made no payments upon this note since the assignment .o 1827.

him. The creditors of Janney have, therefore, been de-

prived pf none of his funds, nor can they have any right to ScVo. tt

claim the benefit of those bonds, which must be deemed to Sbreeve.

have been held by Janney in trust for the bank, and not as Reining

his own property.

inquiry, who

The o y remaining inquiry is, whether the bank, by any had accepted

express

or implied agreement,

accepted

Janney

as

th irJariney as
their sole debt.

debtor, and discharged Shreeve from his responcibility. or, and dis.

The answer of the appellant, Scott, alleges, that Janney charged the

,considered himself as ha ing assumed the payment of the nt

note in question, and that he was considered debtor to the

bank for the same, and was solely relied upon by the bank

for the payment of the note. That he believed the bank

had full knowledge-of the deed of the 11th of August, 1808,

by which provision was made for the payment of the -note,

and were satisfied With it. And he further alleges, that the

bank was so well satisfied with thjs provision, that it corisi.

dered neither-Janney nor Shreeve liable for it.

If these allegations were supported by,proof, they woqld

go far, if not conclusively, to show that the bank had adopt-

ed Janney as solely responsible for the note, and had dis.

charged Shreeve. If so, the payment by Shreeve woul4 be

considered voluntary, and without any legal obligation, and

would form no objection to the recovery on the bonds.

The baik, however, denies it was a party o the arrange.

ment made by the deed of the IIth of August, 1808, pr

that it made any stipulation or agreement with Shreeve PI'

Janney, in any manner connected with that deed, unless

the order of the 12th ofJanuary, 1809, (the letterof license,4

be considered as connected with it. The answer furtheI

denies, that the bank ever did release, or agree to release,

Shreeve, or that it ever did look solely to..Janney, or the

trust estate created by the deed of the 11th of August, 1808.

It admits, that when this deed was executed, Janney and

Roberts were both directors of the bank, but avers, that no

proposition in relation to it ever came before the board pre.

i?,ou$. to the 12th of January, 1809,when the letter of license

was granted to Shreeve, with the concurrence of Janney

and Roberts, sitting and acting as directors of the bank.

Voi1 XII.

77

CASES IN THE SUPREME COUUT

1827. v
Scott
V.
Shreeve.

The answer of Scott is not evidence against the bank-,

and

his

allegations as the

with respect to sole debtor lot

tthhies

bnaottiek.'sahreaveinntgirealcycepnt--

ed Janey

supported by proofs, and must he laid out of view, as they are positively denied by the answerof tie b1i.k. and which answer is strongly supported by the orter fbr the tettot ot license, which was granted subsequent to the arrangeeuen between Shreeve and Janney. For, if the bank had considered Shreeve exonerated from the payment ot the note. there could have been no necessity for. or propriety in, giv. ing him a letter of license. Indeed, it would have bee, absurd to give a letter of license to a man who was jnt
debtor to the bank. The order tot th ;i,.urpuse l CLttioUSly drawn, so as to retain the responsiblitt) ot both maker and endorser. The indulge-ce is granted expressy upron the condition that it is saictioned by Janney, and without lessening the right of the bank against him.
Nor is the bank chargeable with negligence tlat can in any manner prejudice its rights, or of which the appellant has any right to complain. The indulgence was granted with the concurrence of Janney, and under an impression, no doubt, by all parties, that the trust fund created by the deed of the 11th of August, 180" would be sufficient to satisfy this note. And it was upon this supposition. no doubt, that the letter of license -for seven years was granted to Shreeve. No steps would be taken g:.ai.-t Lim until the expiration of that time, and demand of paymfilt was made as soon there-
after as he returned to Ale .andrina. The utmost, then, that can be alleged against the bank
is, that it had full knowledge of the provision made by the deed of the IIth of August, 1808. for the payment of this note. And, admitting that provision to have been 'amply sufficient, it would not bind the batik without its assent to resort to that fund alone, and discharge the parties to the note. The bank could have no objection to the provision made by that deed for the payment of the note, as it would add to its security if the maker and endorser were also held responsible. And the proceedings in relation to the letter of license are conclusive to show, that it was the xuiderstanding of all parties, that the bank had not. at that

OF THE UNITED STATL-.
time, relinquished its claims upon Janney and Shreeve for the payment of the note.
We are, accordingly, of opinion, that the decree of the Court below, granting a perpetual injunction against the appellant, and a dismission of the bill as to the Nnk. be affirmed. with costs.

1827.
RamV.saV Allegre

-ADaTiALT 3uaisYeInioi'..
-Anms-Y aganst ALLEOII'E.
Qutare, Whether a ;uit zn personarn in the Admiralty may be mruntamed ,gaist the owrer of t ship by material men furnishing suppl,,s for tue shi, n h,.r home port, where the local law gives no speiiv v.r,.oni litshheip winh can bp enrorced bya proceeding in rem ?
However this may be in general, such suit cannot be maintained where the owner has given a negotiable promissory note for the debt, which is not tendered to be given up, or actually surrendered, at the hearing.
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Maryland. This was a libel filed in the District Court by the appellant, Ramsey, against the respondent, Allegre, alleging that the appellart., at the special instance and request of the respondent, owner, ship's husband, or consignee of the sciooner Dorothea, had perfornled various work and labour, and found and provided various materials for the use of the said schooner, to equip and prepare her for a voyage on the high seas, amounting to the zum of 2,428 dollars. 84 cents, that the appellant had often applied to the respondent for payment, and been refused, and praying procees accordingto the course of the Admiralty, &c. A plea was filed by the respondent, alleging, among other thiigs, that iehad given the libellant his negotiable promissory note for the debt. It appeared, at the hearingo, that the appellant'had furnished the materials in question at the respondent's request. ai.rl

586
1827. 'on
Chotard
V.
Pope.

CASES IN THE. SUPREMIE CoURT
Bradford for a printing office. Alexander Parker says, that looking into the record books, while a trustee, he sawj
with-surprise, the entry under which Alexander M'Connell
claims, and on making inquiries from Col. Robert Patterson, also a trustee, was informed that the trustees had prevailed on James M'Connell to establish a tannery under cover of the fort, to tan bu0"aloe hides, and had, after his death, appointed appraisers -to value his property. That the entry appears in its present form, is the mistake of the clerk who made it. 'He adds, that the records show, that 2n lot No. 18, and out lot No. 38, were graited to James MConnell.
The entry under which the appellant claims lot No. 43, does not purport to grant him that lot, but directs a valuaiffon in terms which import a former grant. No trace of that former grant is, however, found, and the testimony is very strong to provZ it was never made. The reasonableness of reservinga public spring for public use; the concurrent opimon of all the settlers that it was so reserved ; the universal admission of all, that it was never understood that thle spring lot was drawn by any pei,4on, the early appropriation of it to public purposes; the fact that James MConnell actually claimed a different lot, added to the length of time which has been permitted to elapse without any assertion of title to this lot, are, we think, decisive against the appellant. There was no error in dismissing the plaintiff's bill, and the decree is affirmed, with costs.

[LocAL LAW.]
CHOTARD and Others againstPoPE and Another
The act of May 8th, 1820, ch..595. "for the relief of the legal representatives of Henry Willis," did not authorize them to enter lands within the tract surveyed and laid .off for ti town of Claiborne, in the Slate of Alabama

OF THE UNITED STATES.

587

This cause was argued by Mr. E. Ltviihgston and Mr. 1827.

Webster for the plaintiffs, and by the Attorney General and Mr. Sampson for the defendants.'
Mr. Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion of the Court.

Chotard
Y.
Pope.

The rights.of the complainants in the land in litigation i Feb.7th.

this cause, depend upon the construction of the act of Cqn-

gress of May 8th, 1820. passed for the relief of the legal re- Feb. 101h.

presentatives of Henry Willis. The words of that act under

which the complainants suppose themselves entitled to re-

lief, are-these : "That the legal representatives of Henry

Willis be, and they are hereby authorized to enter without

payment,in lieu, &c. in any land office, &c. in the States of

Mississippi or Alabama., &c., a quantity of land nsot exceed-

ing thirteen hundred acres, &c." Under the operation of

these w6ids, assuming the right to appropriate any unpa-

tented land in the two States, the complainants have asserted

the privilege of entering a tract of land which covers the

site surveyed and laid off for the town of Claiborne, in the

State of Alabama. The proper officers have refused to is-

sue the ordinary evidences of title,.and have gone on to.sell

out the town lots' according to law. This bill is filed aginst

the register of the land office, and the purchaser of one of

the town lots, to compel them to make titles to complain-

ants4

On behalf of the United 'States, it is contended, that the

literal meaning of the terms of the act is 'limitea and re-

-strained by the contexti and by considerations arising out of

the general system of land laws of the United States, into

which this act is ingrafted-; and that, so construed, the right

granted is limited to that description of lands which arelia.

blL to be taken up at private sale.

And such is the opinion of this Court. That thelegislatue.

had distinctly in viewits general provisions.fordiipostng ofthe

unappropriated lands ofthe United Statsis distinctly shown,

in every line of the act under consideraton. First, theparty

is referred to ihe land officeto make his entry; he is then confi-

a BCranck 586. 1.Burr 474. DougZ. so. Loft's Rep. Sy,1. 401. 1 B1. Comm. 87. 91. 1'Term Rep..728. C1.Co. Re'p. 8. 11
Co. Rep. 61. a Inst. POor. Plowd. 88.7-S.

CASES N T$E SUPREME COURT

1827.
Chotard
V
Pope.

nedtothe Iocationsdesignatedbythesurveys madeby the Uni-
StedStates. Afterwhich,it goes on to enact, that "the-register or registers ofthe land offices aforesaidshall issue the necessa-
ry certificate or certificates, on the return of which to the general land office, a patent or patents shall issue." Here the whole organization of the land office is brought into review: and if then the term enter Can be shown to be restricted and confined in its application to a particular clag or description of lands, it wvilf follow, that when used in laws relating to the appropriation of lands, it must lose its general and original signification, and he confined to what may be called its technical or legislative meaning.
The term entrj, as applied to appropriations of land, was probably. borrowed from the State of Vilginia, in which we find it used in that sense at a very remote period. Man3y cases will be round in the reports of the decisions of this Court, in .which the title to western lands were drawn ir- question. which will show how familiarly and generally the term is used by Court and bar. Its sense, in the lcgal nomenclature of this counfry, is now as fixed and definite as that of .many terms borrowed from the common law. It means that act by which an individual acquires an inceptive right to a portion of the unappropriated, soil of the cotutry,. by filing his claim in the office of an officer known in the legislation of several States by the ejiithet of an entry-taker, and corresponding very much in his functions with the registers of land offices, under the acts of the United States. In the natural progress of language. the term has been introduced into the laws of the United'States, and, by refdrence to those laws, we think the meaning of the'term will be found to be distinctly confined to the appropriation of lands under the laws ofthe.United States, at private sale.
It is familiarly known, that the public lands are uniformly brought into market in pursuance of a system Which commenced'in the year 179.6, and was perfected about the year 1800. .The lands are first surveyed, then advertised at pub-
lic auction, and then, whatever remains unsold at public auction, is otfered at private sale to the first applicant, at stipulated prices. The act of IOO presents a full view of the.course pursued on this subject, and the 7th section (vol.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

589

J. p. 388.) of that act distinctly shows that the right to enter lands is confined to those lands which are offered at private sale. The words, enter, enitry, and book of entries, will be found in that section, all used, and exclusively used, with reference to the appropriation of lands of that description. Now, no one ever imagined that, under the general s3stem, the right of appropriation by-entry in the register's office extended to any appropriated lands, however those appropriations were legally made. The ideas on this subject were so fixed in familiar use, that Congress felt no necessity for further precaution in legislating on this subject in this instance, than what is implied in the use of language belonging to their general system.
By looking through the laws making provisions for grants of land from the year 1800 downwards, Congress will be found repeatedly using the term entry in a sense which leaves no doubt of the description oflands to which it is applied. In the act of the 3d March, 1817, (vol. 6, p. 286.) entitled an act allowing further time for ezterng donation rights to lands in the district of Detroit, it will be found, by comparing the title with the enacting clause, that the sense in which the term enUiy is used, is that offiling a claim with "the register of the land office. But all the previous laws on the subject show that the only lands that could be appropriated by filing a claim in the register's office, were those which were offered at private sale. In the act of March, 1818, (vol. 6. p. 260.) for "authorizing certain-purchasers qf public lands to withdraw their entries, and transfer the moneys paid thereon," we find Congress familiarly using the termwith reference to the same subject ; and still more explicitly in the act of March, 1819, entitled an act providing for the correction of errors in making entries of lands at the land offices, (vol. 6. p. 427.) until, finally, in the year 1820. the very legislature which'passed this act in favour of'the heirs of Willis, has furnished such explicit evidence of the meaning which they attach to the grant of a right to enter. as banishes every doubt.
In the 2d and 3d sections of the act of April 24th, 1820, (vol. 6 . p. 486.) entitled, "an act making further provisions for the sale of public Jands." will be found conclusive evi-

1827.
-'-
Chotard
V.
Pope.

CASES IN'THE SUPREME COURT

18,27..
%," -% 74ason
V.
Matilda.

deuce, that the right toenter is identified with the right to purchase at private sale, and confined to the appropriating of such lands as may be legally appropriated by entry at the
register's office, from which are excluded all lands previo'usly appropriated, .,whether by public sale, or by being
withdrawn from the mass of lands offered for sale. From the earliest date of the legislation of Congress on this
subject, there have been appropriations to the public use, made by.withdrawing from this mass certain portions ofterritory for public seminaries, towns, salt springs, mines, and other objects; and the particular land in controversy was appropriated under, a previous-law, to wit, the act of April, 1-20, for the site of h town. We, therefore, hinl, that it was not included"in'the right to appropriate -vested in the complainants under the act on which they 'rely.
Before dismissing this subject, it may be-proper to remark, "that the quaestibn considered is tdle only question that was inade in argument. .The Court have also under consideration some. points arising on the form of the remedy, and the state of the complamarit's right, on which subjects the Court are to be considered as uncommitted by any inference that may be drawn from their having disposed ofthe cause
upon the principal question.

Decree affirmed, with costs.

[LocAL LAW.]
MAsoN and Another,.Plaintiffs in Error, agatist MATILDA and Oihers, Defendants in Error.
On the construcuon of the statute of Virginia, emancipating slaves brought into that State in 179% unless the owner removing with them should take a ceftii, oath within sixty days afiqer such removal, the fact of.the oath havipg been taken may be,,piesumed by the lapse of twenty years,. aoconipanied with possesfion.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Tposed, upon this point, to acquiesce in the decision of the Supreme Court 'of that State, (Smith v. FozoeI,-I Binn. 546.) that the word " heirs" in the will is to be cpnstrued to be a word of limitation.
In that case this Court adopted a single decision of the State Court upon the question. But,.in the case now under consideration, there have been two decisions in the two highest Courts of law in the State upon the identical question now in judgment, and which were in conformity to a settled course of adjudications for twenty years past.
After such a series of adjudications for such a length of time, in the State Courts, upon the very pglnt now before us, and relating to a rule of landed property in that State, we do not 'eel-ourselves- at liberty to treat it as an open question.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

1827. Armstrong
V.
Lear.

[Lzx Loci. PROBATE or TiSTAMENTARY PAPER.]

ARtSTRONG agamst LEAR, Admiistrator(with the will annexed) of KoscIUszKo.

-A testamentary paper executed in a foreign country, even if exqcuted so as to give it the eflect of a last will and testament by the fo-
reign law, cannot be made the foundation of a suit for a legacy 14 the Courts of this country, until it has received probate here, in the Court having the peculiar jurisdiction of the probate of wills and
other testamentary matters.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Co-

lumbia.

The bill, filed on theChancery side of the Circuit Court,

stated, that Thaddeus Kosciuszko, on the 5th of May, 1798,

placed a fund in the hands of Thomas Jefferson, and exe. cuted a will, as follows : "I, Thaddeus Xosciuszko; being

just on my departure from America, do hereby declare and

Vor. XIHi-

9-2

EASES IN THE SUPREME COURT.

1827.
-
Armstrong
V.
Lear.

direct, that, should I make no other testamentary disposition of my property in the United States, 1hereby authorize my friend, Thomas Jefferson, to employ the whole thereof in
purchasing negroes, from amonghis own, or any others, and giving them liberty in my name, in giving them an education in trade or otherwise, and in having them instructed for their new condition in the duties of morality, which may make them good neighbours, good fathers or moders, husbands or wives, in their duty as citizens, teaching them to be defenders of their liberty and country, and of the good order of society, and in whatsoever may.. make them happy and useful. And I make the said Thomas Jefferson my execut6r of this. (Signed,) T. Koscru.ziro. 5 May, 1798."
The bill further stated, that the said Kosciuszko, about the 18th of June, 1806, being then domiciled in Pans, executed a certain will or writing testamentary, as follows: "Know all men by these presents, that I, Thaddeus Kosctuszko, formerly an officer of the United States of America, in their revolutionary war against Great Britain, and a native of Liloane, in Poland, at present residing at Pans, do hereby will and direct, that, at my decease, the sum of 3,704 dollars, current money of the aforesaid United States, shall of right be possessed by, and delivered over to the full enjoyment and use of Kosciuszko Armstrong, the son of General John Armstrong, Minister Plenipot6ntiary of the said States at Paris; for the security and performance whereof, I do hereby instruct and authorize my only lawful executor ii the United States, Thomas Jefferson, President thereof, to reserve, in trust for that- special purpose, of the funds he already holds belonging to me, the aforesaid sum
of 3,704 dollars in principal, to be paid by him, the said Thomas Jefferson, immediately after my decease, to him, the said Kosciuszko Armstrong, and in case of his deatb, to the use and benefit of his surviving brother. Given under my hand and seal, at Paris, this 28th day of June, 1806.
c (Signed,) Tf,0DDEUs KoscIuSZKO. [Seal.1
-In presence of
(Signed,). CHARLEs CARTER. JAMES M. MQRRIS.':

OF THE UNITED STATES.

171

That the said testator, on the day of the date of said wn- 1827. ting, signed and sealed it in presence of two competent witnesses, who attested the same, and acknowledged it on Armstrong. the same day, as his act and deed, before Fulwar Skipwith, Lear. commercial agent, and agent for prize causes for the said United States at Paris, and delivered it to the said John Armstrong. That the complainant is advised that the said paper is a last will and testament, and must operate as such, and revokes,pro tanto,the bequests and appropriation made in the will first mentioned. That General Kosciuszko died the 15th of October, 1817, leaving said testament unreyoked. That said Jefferson refused to take letters testameintary under said will, and that the defendant was duly appointed administrator with the vill annexed; that the ei-
tate has come to his hands, and that he has been often requested to pay to complainant the 3,704 dollars aforesaid, with interest, and refutes to pay until an order or decree of this Court in the premises. The oill prayed for a discovery of the funds i defdndant's hands, and whether the said wvriti-g made at Pans is authentic, and payment of said legacy with interest, and for general relief.
The answer of the defendant admitted that he was administrator with the will annexed of General Kosciuszko, and
that the instrument mentioned in complainant's bill, and exhibited with it, was executed and acknowledged as it purports to be, and that said Kosciuszko was at the time domi-
ciled and resident at Paris, but submitted whether he was bound to pay said lejacy upon an instrument so executed and acknowledged, inasmuch as Mr. Jefferson received a letter from General Kosciuszko dated as late as the 15th of September, 1817, in which he thus affirms, Ins first will. " After my death you know its invartable destination," (speaking of this fund.) The answer admitted, that Mr.
Jefferson renounced, and the defendant was appointed, adminimtrator with the will annexed, as ,tated in the bill. The
defendant admitted funds to have come to his hands to an amount larger than stated in the bill. The answer further
stated, tht among the papers received by the defendant from Mr. Jefferson, is a letter from Mr. Politica to said
Jefferson, enclosing a despatch from the Vice Roi of Poland

-172

CASES IN .THE SUPREME COURT

1827. to him, by which it appears that the whole estate of said SKosciuszko may hereafter be claimed by a Malor Eitko, as
Axmstrong the heir at law of said Kosciuszko; that there were also
V.
Lear. two letters from a Mr. Zeltner to Mr. Jefferson, by which it appears that Kosciuszko had disposed of the greater part
of his fortune in favour of the children and other relations
of Zeltner. The cause was set down for a hearing in the Court below
upon the bill and answer, and a proforma decree dismissing the bill was entered by consent, and an appeal taken to this Court.

Feb. etk.

~Mr. E. Lzmvngslon and Mr. .Wheaton for the appellant, ar-
gued, (1.) that the testamentary paper of 1806 was a revocation of the will of 1798 pro tanto.a"
(2.) That the will of 1798 was to be considered as wholly void, as being contrary to the laws and policy of Virginia and Maryland, and the defendant considered as a trustee for the first will. b
(3.) That supposing the case was to be determined by any peculiar law, as affecting the testator or his property, it must be either the law ofFrance, where he was domiciled in 1806, when the will was made; or of this country, where he had placed the fund in question, and of which he might be consllered a citizen; or the conventional law between France and the United States.
The'rule of international law as' to personal property appeared to be settled by the general current ofauthority, that as to successions ab intestato, they are to be governed by. the law of the country where the party was domiciled at the time of his death; and in the case of a will, by the law of the place where it was made.c But m a recent case in the Ec-

a 2 Afk. 86. 2 Philin.Eccles. Re1. 35-51. 1Bre. Civ. andAdm. Law, 293. 85. Swnb. pt. 1. p. 74. note 75. and cases cited by Powel, Ed.
b 4 fheat. Rep. 1. 5 Harris 8 Johns. 392. Bridg. Duke's
Pharit.Uses, 849. 466. Corn. Dig. tit. Charitable Use, (N.) 1. c Huber. tom. 2. 1. t. 3. 2 Bos. 8 Pull. 229. note (a.) 6 Bro.
Parl. Cas. 566. 5 Ves. Jr.785. L.Binn.88. 549. note fa.) 1 ] a'ol- 381. _08. ,8 es . . 201.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

173

clesiastical Court in England, Sir J. Nicholl had considered the anthorities as rather applying between different parts of the same empire, than between different cuntries entirely foreirs to each other.& If the law of France was to be applied although the will was not executed in strict and literal conformity with 4he forms provided by the code Napoleon, it might be sustained as a donation mortis causa; a species of donation which the best commentators were of opinion was not abolished by the code, it having been preserved in Chancellor D'Aguesseauls ordinance of 1731.6 And perhaps it might also be considered a valid donation nortis causa by our law.' In the case above cited, determined by Sir J. Nicholl, he refers to the Dutchess of Kingston's case,
and confirms it, where a will, "though made in France, where she was domiciled, being made by an English subject in the English language, and according to English forms, and to be executed in England, was valid as to personal property % England, though (neither being holographic nor made before a notary) it would, by the French law, have been of no validity. Nay, not only was it held good, but if the opinion of an eminent lawyer, (M. Targat,) as stated in the CollectaneaJuridica.be correct, it was good, and would operate on the property in France. " , But it was further insisted that the execution of the testamentary paper before the consul at Paris was conclusive of its validity, and dispensed with the necessity of probate in the Courts of this country. This was inferred from the conclusive effect attributed to what are termed "authentic actsl) by the law of France, taken in connexion with the provisions in the convention of 1800 between France and the United States, (art. 7. 10.) and the statute of Congress of April, 1792, ch. 126. s. 2. relating .to the powers of con-

1827.
-oV'qk Armstrong
V.
Lear.

a Curling Y.Thornton, Adams' Ry. 21. b Merlin, Repertoire, tom. 4. p. 144. Paillet,Droit.ranguis, p.
159.
c 1 Swmb. 54. Prec. in Ch. 80o. -0Bro. Ch. 612. 2 "es..1: 120. Lowndes on L es, 449. 1 P. W'ns. 406. 441. Z Yes. 431
d, Adame B'ep. 21

174

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. suls in the verification of such acts, a4iong which testamen-. Stary papers are included.a
ArmsVt.rong

Lear.

The Attorney General and Mr. Lear, for the respondent,

contended, that the question whether the paper of 1806 was

to be considered as a revocationpro tanto ofthe willof 1798,

depended upon its being authenticated as a testamentary

disposition in the manner prescribed by the laws of this

country. They referred to the well known rule, which hal

been frequently recognised in this Court, that foreign laws

must be proved as facts. or they could not be taken notice of

judicially by our Courts.6 That consequently it was a case

for the application of the ordinary principle, that a suit could

not be maintained in a Court of equity for a legacy, without

first showing a probate in the proper Court, of the will under

which it was claimed. The admission in the deibendantis

answerdid not dispense with this preliminary, because it was

merely intended to admit that "the instrument was executed and acknowledged as it purports to be," submitting its

effect and operation to the 3udgment of the Court. Nor did

the treaty and the act of Congress, which had been referred

to, dispense with the necessity of probate of the will in the

appropriate local tribunal, where all parties interested would

hae-a right to conteAt its validity. The utmost effect that

could be attributed by the conjoint operation of the law of

France, the treaty, and the statute of-Congress, to the exe-

cution and acknowledgment of such an act as a will or a co-

dicil, before the consuls of the United States in France,

would be to make it conclusive evidence, on which a Court

ofprobates in the United States might proceed: But itcould

not be considered -as dispensing with all the local laws of

the States, on the probate of wills, and inverting the whole

order of proceeding in cases of this sort, by which the paper

must.be ascertained, by the Court having peculiar jurisdic-

tion of testamentary causes, to be a will, before a Court of

equity can be called on to give a construction to it, and to

decree a legacy underit. Nor could. it be considered as a

a Pothier, Oblig. pt. 4. ch. 1. Co4 Naoleon, art. 1817- 1l9. Paillet,p. 159. note(?.)
b Cranch, 28~z

OF THE UNITED STATES.

175

donation maortis causa, and therefore not requiring probate; 1827. since, to constitute such a donation, the gift must be made in \ extremes, and must be accompanied with an actual delivery.a Armstrong
V. Lear. Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court. The bill in this case is broughC against the administrator, Feb. 21st. with the will annexed, of General Kosciuszko, for the purpose of establishing a right of the plaintiff to receive payment out of the assets of the testator, of a certain bequest to him, contained in a supposed testamentary writing, executed by the testator at Pans, in France, in June, 1806. This supposed testamentary writing is set forth in the bill, and averred td be in the nature and of the effect of a last will or writing testamentary ; but it does not appear to have been admitted to probate, either in France, or in the proper Orphan's Court of this District. The answer admits the existence and authenticity of the instrument, and submits to the Court its import and legal effect, and whether it is to be deemed a last will and testament; -and it also admits assets in the hands of the administrator sufficient to discharge the bequest. The cause was heard in the Court below upon the bill and answer, and from the decree dismissing the bill, the present appeal has been brought to. this Court. The cause has been argued here upon several points, in. volving a good deal of learning, and some doctrines of international law. We do not enter into an examination of them, because cur judgment proceeds upon a single point, and will, in no event, prejudice the .merits of the plaintiff's claim. By the common law, the exclusive right to entertain jurisdiction over wills of personal estate, belongs to the ecclesiastical Courts, and before any testamentary paper of personalty can be admitted in evidence, it must receive probate in those Courts. Lord Kenyon, in The Kn&v. Inhabitants -of .1etherseal, (4 Term Rep. 258.) said, "we cannot receive any other evidence of there being a will in this case, than such as would be sufficient, in all other cases, where ti-

a 9.B1. Corn. 514. Just. Inst. 1. 2. t. 7. S. 1. Di;g. 1.59. t. 6. Prec. ,n Ch. 69. 1 P. ins.406, 441. 3 P. ,4Vm, 857. !2fes. 431.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. ties are derived under a will; and nothing butthe probate

'or

letters of administration, with the will annexed, are le-

Armstrong gal evidence of the will, in all questions respecting person-

Lear. alty." This principle of the common law is supposed to be in force in Maryland. from which this part of the District of Columbia derives its jurisprudence; and the probate of wills of personalty to belong exclusively -to the proper Orphan Court here, exercising ecclesiastical jurisdiction. If this be so, and nothing has been shown which leads us to a
different conclusion, then it is indispensable to the plaintiff's title, to procure, in the first instance, a regular probate of this testamentary paper in the Orplan's Court of this Dis-
trict, and to set forth that fact in his bill. The treaty stipulations, the act of Congress, and the principles of the law of France, which have been cited at the argument, attributing to them the full force which that argument supposes to establish the validity of the instrument, do not change the forum which is entitled, by the local jurisprudence, to pronounce upon it as a testamentary paper, and to grant a probate. It is one thing to possess proofs, which may be sufficient to establish that a testamentary instrument had been executed in a foreign country, under circumstances which ought to give it legal effect here; and quite a different thing, to ascertain what is the proper tribunal here, by which those proofs may be examined, for the purpose of pronouncing a
judicial sentence thereofi. For this reason, the decree of the Court below is to be
affirmed, but without prejudice, so that the instrument may be submitted to the decision of the proper Probate Court.

OF THE UNITED STATES.
[DzvisE.] JACKSON, ex dem. ST. JoN, against4JHsw

159
1827,
Jackson V.
Chew.

U. being seised of lands in the State of New-York, devised the same, by his last will and testament, to his son Joseph, in fee, and other lands to his son Medcef, in fee, and added "It is my will, and I do order and appoint, that ifeither of my said sonsslodd depart tais life atlsust lawful isse, his sh eor part shall go to the surmvor; and in case of both their deaths, without lawful issue, then I give allthe property to my brother John E., and my sister Hannah J., and their feirs." Joseph. one of the sons, died without lawful is. sue, in 1812, .leavinghis brother Medcefsurvivmg, who afterwards died without issue: Hdd, that Joseph took an estate in fee, defeasible in the event of his dying without issue in the lifetime of his brother; that the limitation over was good as an executory devise; and on the death of Joseph, vested in his surviving brother Med-
cef.
'This Court adopts the local law of real property, as atcertamed by the decisions of the State Courts, whether those decisions are grounded on the construction of the statutes of the State, or form apart of the unwritten law of the State.
The Court, therefore, considered it unnecessary to examine the question arising upon the above devise, as a question of general law; or to reviewe and attempt to reconcile the cases in the English Courts upon similar clauses in wills, the construction of this clause having been long settled by a uniform series of adjudications in New-York, and having become a fixed rule of property in that
State.

ERROR to the Circuit.Court for the Southern District

of New-York.

The question presented by the special verdict in this case,

arose upon the will of Medcef Edep, theelder, bearing date

the 29th day of August, 1798, by which will the testator

devised to his son Joseph, certain portions of his real and

personal, property, among which were the premises in ques-

tion in this cause, "to have and to hold the same to him, his

heirs, executors, and administrators, for ever." In like man-

ner be devised to his son Medeef, his heirs and assigns, cer-

tain other portions of his property; and, after making some

other provisions, added the following clause' -1 Icm. It is

Vot,. XIT.

20

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1327. -
Jackson V.
Chew,.

m' will, and I do order and appoint, that if either of my said sons should depart this life without lawful issue, his share or part shall go to the survivor. And in-casd of both
their deaths, without lawful issue, then I give all the property aforesaid to my brother, John Eden, of Loftus, in Cleveland, in Yorkshire, and my sister,-Hannah Johnson, of Whitby, in Yorkshire, and their heirs." And the question was, what estate Joseph Eden (under whom the lessor of the plaintiff claimed) took in the premises in question. The
testator died soon after making his will, leaving his two sons, Joseph and Medcef, living. Joseph died in August, 181, without issue, leaving his brother Medcef alive. The lessor of the plaintiff claimed title derived from Joseph Eden, under the sale of the premises in question, by virtue of a judgment and-execution against him, and sundry conveyincs thereafter made of such title as set out in the special
verdict. The defendant claimed under a title derived from Medcef Eden, under the above mentioned clause in his father's will, he having survived his brother. If Joseph Eden took an estate tail, it was, by operation of the statufe of the State of New-York abolishing entails, converted into a fee simple absolute, and the subsequent linmi.tation became inoperative. That statute (passed the 23d of February, 1786) declares, " That in all cases where any person would,'if this act had not been passed, at any time hereafter become seised in fee tail of 'any lands, by virtue of any devise before made, or hereafter to be made, such persqn, instead of becoming seised thereof in fee*tail, sl iAl be deemed and adjudged to become seised thereof in fee simple absolute." So that if Joseph would have taken.an, estate tail undet the will, if the act of 17Q6 had not been' passed, by operation of the statute he became seisea of ai estate in fee simple absolute, which was liable to be sold oki the judgment against him, and the title under which the lessor climed would be complete. But if Joseph took an
estate in fee, defeasible in the event of his dying without. issue, in the lifetime of his brother, (which event happened,) then Joseph's interest in the land became extinct onhis -death, and the limittion over to is brother Medcef was

OF TlE UNITED STATES.
good as an executory devise, and the defendant would consequently be entitled to judgment.
A judgment was entered upon the special verdict Yn the Court below, for the defendant, pro forma, by consent of parties, for the purpose of bringing the cause before this Court.

155
1827,
JacVk.son Chew

The cause was argued by the Attorneey General,and Mr. D. B. Ogden, for the plaintiff and by Mr. Webster, and Mr. Vheaeon, for the defendant.
On the part of the plaintiff, it was insisted, that Joseph Eden took an estate tail under the devise to bun, which, by the operation of the statute of 1786, was converted nto a 'tee simple absolute. The general rule that the words -ytng vithout ssue import an indefinite failure of issue, was !rdlied on to support this construction of the will.,' And, although it was admitted that there were circumstances which would limit those words to a definite failure of issue, yet it was denied that there were any qualifying expressions in this devise which would have that effiuct. There were certainly none such, unless the words, "his share or part shall go to the surrivor," could be considered as having that pffect. The earliest case, which would probably be relied upon to
show that these expressions limited the failure of issue to issue living at the death of Joseph Eden, was that of Pells v. "Bronwn,b where the testator dei ised to " Thomas his son, and his heirs, for ever, paying to -his brother Richard 20 pounds at the age of 21 years, and if Thomas died without issue, lirtng 0illiam, his brother, that then William, his brother, should have those lands to him, his heirs and assigns, for ever, paying the said sum as Thomas sbpuldhave paid." Thomas having died without issue, and William having survived him, ifwas determined that thij was a contingent fee to William by way of executory devise. Now, to test the authority of this case as to the effo t of theword

3cam. 25th.

a The counsel here referred to all the cases cited, and con n,*nted on byMr. Chancellor Kent, in Anderson v. Jackson, 16 rohi,- . Rep. 405--49.
-b CGro. .Ac. 590.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. Jackson
V. Chew.

durwvor, it- was only necessary to refer to King v. RumSballd decided three years before, in wluch a devise to three
daughters, and ifthey all died without sssue, then over, was
held to create an estate tail, and to the case of Chadock v Crowl]j,6 determined four years subsequent to Pells v.
Brown, where the same Court held, that the word survivor had no such effect as is here attributed to it. In that case tlip testator devised all his lands in Bradmere to Thomas,. his son, and his heirs, for pver, and his lands in Eastleak, to Francis, his son, and his heirs, for ever, and then added: " Item. I will that the survvor of them shall be& heir to the other, if either of them-die without issue." This was held to be an estate tail in Thomas. As to the more modern cases of Porte; v. Bradleyc and Roe v. Jeffray, which would be relred upon to show that the term surmvor had this effect, the remarks of Mr. Justice Story, in Lillibndge v. ./idie, might be applied to these cases, and would, at the same time, illustrate the general question. " In respect to terms of years, and otherpersonal estates, Courts have very much inclined to lay hold of any words to tie up the gene. rality of the expression, dying without issue, and to confine it to dying without issue living at the time of the person's decease. But, in respect to freeholds, the rule has been rigtdly enforced, and rarely broken in upon, tinless there were strong circumstances to repel it/ The cases of Porter v. Bradley, anid Roe v Jejfray, have gone a great way, but they turn on distinctions, which, though nice, clearly recognise the general rule." In a recent English case, the word stirvzvorr was relied upon to raise an inference of restrictive intention, but Sir W Grant held, that the word had the same sense as the word others, " as (says he) has

a Cro. r"ac. 448. S.P. Webb v. Reanig, .6.415. b Cro. Jac. 695.
c 3 Term Rep. 148. d 7 Term Rep. 585.
i1 Mason's Rep. 256.
f Fearne's Ex. Dev. 357- 861. Butler!s ed. 471-476. Cooke v. De Vandes, 9 Pes. 197. Dansey v. Griffith, 4 Moule 4' S0.

01? THE UNITED STATES.

157

been frequently decided."' So,. in Massey v. Hudson6 in 1827. a case of personal property, the presumption that a bequest '.vVw' over to the sur%vor of two persons, after the death of one JackV.son without issue, was meant as a personal benefit to the survi- Chew. vor, was held to be repelled by the addition of the-words
executors, admrmstrators, or asstgns. Roe v. Scott 4r
Smart,' presented precisely the same case with that before the Court; and yet it was there held, that the indefiniteness was not regtricted by force of the word survivor. In the present case it could riot be consitjered as having that effiect, because the testator, in using the term survivor, did not intend the individual brother surviving, but the surviving branch; consequently, if ledcef had died, having issue, in the life time of Joseph, and Joseph had afterwards died without issue, the issue of Medcef would have taken Joseph's share ; and so, also, in case of any moxe remote
failure. As to the local decisions in the State Courts of New-
York, giving a construction to this and other siinilar clauses in wills, it was said that the present question did not turn upon the interpretation which the local tribunals had given to the statute of 1786, or upon any other law peculiar to the State; but that -he sole question was, whether Joseph Eden took an estate tail, which was a question of general law; and if he did, it was incontestible that the statute converted his estate into a fee simple, and, consequently, the plaintiff was entitled to recover. The decisions of the State Courts would receive no more respect in the present case, than in any other question of common law which might come before this Court; and to show that the State decisions had proceeded upon mistaken grounds, the arguments and authorities urged by Mr. Chancellor Kent, in Aqnderson v. Jackson5, were relied upon, and enforced with
a great variety of illustrations.

a.Barlow v. Saltr, 17 1es. 479 -
b Meriv. 135.
c %Fearn's.Ex.Dev. (4th ed.) 20,. /1 16 Johns.Rep. 897. 4e4.

158

GASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

I827.
,Tackson V.
Cl-ew,

On the part of the defendant, it was admitted that Sa devise to take effect after a preceding estate in fee simple, upon an indefinite failure -of issue, or (which is
the same thing) where there are no expressions restricting that ftilure to a life in being, and the usual allow--
anct. &dr minority and gestation, cannot operate as an execu- ory devise,,because it would tend to a perpetual restriction of alienation, and is, therefore, void. But where the :ailure of -ssue is definite, and by plain words or necessar imlieation, declared to-take effect, if at all, within a life i4nbeing a limitation by executory devise-is valid, and wotld )esustained both in England and New-York. But the peculiar state of the.law of real property in England, would account for the application of a different rule to the "contru'itionof these limitations, when applied to real property, from what would prevail in the case of personal property ;a whilst the institutions of this country might justify and 'keiire the applicatioAl of the same rule to both.
It,wV.not, howqver , deemed necessary to resort to this distinction, sinceit was insisted that the construction put upoh ttis devise was sustained by the general currentof decisions in Westminster Hall, ever since Pells v. Broza, which had been called by Lord Kenyon '"the magna charta of this branch of the lW," and had never been departed from.d In that case, the devise over was in the event of the first-taker dying' without issue, -living his brother William; in this case, the devise over is to the survzvor of the two brothers. In grammatical and legal construotion, it is
impossible to distinguish between a brother survivzng, and a brother living at the death of the first taker. All the too-' dern cases confirm the authority of Pells v. Brown, and it was also sustained by the general principles and analogies of the law.e As to the anomalous case of Uhadock v. Crow-

a Forth v. Chapman, 665. b 1 2orth Carolina Lmv Rep. 544. 1 Hem 4 Mnef. 501. S0 Johts. Rep. 483. c Cro)Jac. 590. d Rorer v. Bradley, 3 Ter-m Rep. 148. Lippitt Y.Hopkins, I Gallis',460. e 1 P .t,7.534. 565. Porter v. Bradley, 3 Terr.Rep. 145. Roe v. Jdfray, 7 Term Rep. 589. Beacroft v. Broom. 4 Term
Rep. 440.

OF THE UNITED STATEb.

1.591

lety, it was directly contrary to the authority of Plls y. Brown, and the long series of decisions following it, and, therefore, could not be law, even supposing it to be correctly reported, wf-ich might well be doubted. That case states, that if the devise bad been, " that if he died without
issue in the life-of the other, orbefore such7anage, that then it should remain to the other, then, peradventure, it should be a contingent devise in tail, if it should happen, and not otherwise." No lawyer would pretend, at this day, that a devise to one and his heirs, and in case he die without issue in the life of another, or if he died before the age of 21, then over,, is an estate tail, either vested or contingent. It is, like the present case, an estate in fee simple, defeasible on the event happening, with a valid exaeutcry devise over. The other cases cited by Mr. -Chancellor Kentb would all be found to range themselves under one bf the followisig classes: (1.) Where there are no words to cottrol the inde-. finite failure'of issue.c (2.) Where the first estate is only-
for liWe, and enlarged by implication to an estale tail by the limitation, over, or failure pf tssu. (3.) Where the first taker left sssue, and the executory devise, in consequence. could not take efect.6 (4.) Several cases cited against the construction insisted on, by the defendant 'in the present case, which" are manifestly in favour of that construction.

1827.
JackVs. on
Chew.

a C;o. Jac 695.
b Anderson v. Jackson, 16'Johns. Rep. 397--44. c Tenny v. Agar, 1East.21. Romilly Y.James, 6Taunt. 263. Bnce v. Smith, 1 H'ilks. 1. Doe v. Tennereau, Doug!. 487. Denn v. Siater, 5 Term Rep. 885. Doe v. Ellis, 9 East, 882. Huntefv-.
Haynes, I Iash. 171 Ide v. Ide, 5 Mass. Rep. 500. Royal v.
Eppes, S Munf.479. d Webb v. Herring, Cro. Jac. 415. King v. Rumbal, Cro. Tac.
44g. Button v. Wood, Camer. & Norio. ,02. ' e Roe v. Scott, 2.Fearnt, 59: Hope v. Taylor, 1 Burr. 268. Doe
v. Rivers, 7 Term Rep. 276. Denn v. Slater, 5 Term Rep. 5.. f Kirkpatrick v, Kirkpatick, 15 Ves. 476. Richardson v.'Noyes,
I Mass. Rep. 56. Porter v. Bradley, 6 Term Rep. 143. Roe v. Jeffray, 7 Tem Repr 585. pjaver v: Shitz, S Yates, 205. Ray v.. Eftln,.%Mass. Rep. 554. ,Keatingv.Reynolds, IBa y 80. Jone-
Rice, $Dessaus. 165.

160

.ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827.
Jackson
V.
Chew.

In .llassie v. Hudson,a the Master of the Rolls considers Sthe words. executqrs, admtntstrators,and assigns, a showing the intent of the testator to vest the interest, and make
it transmissible. But, in the present case, there are no words oflimitation annexed , and ifit be said they are implied, the same might be said of every legatee, who, if no words of restriction are added, takes an absolute interest transmissible to his executors, &c. But, here, the interest was neither vested nor transmissible. BarlozD v. Salterb cannot be recon. ciled with the general course of English adjudications in cases of personal property, and is entirely inconsistent with the American authorities.c As to the notion of the word survzvor being used to indicate the surviving branch or stock; in the recent case of Wollen v Andrews,5 it is expressly laid down, that " survivor or survivors," mean not the surviving stocks, but the surviving children. And Mr. Fearnes observes,that though theauthoritieshave established onsolid ground the power of testamentary dispositions of contingent and executory estates, and possibilities coupled with an interest, and such as would be descendible to the heir ofthe object of them dying before the contingency or event on which the vesting or acquisition of the estate depended; yet the decisions do not appear to reach those cases, where the contingent interest is not transmissible from any person, until the contingency decides him to be the oblect of the limitation. Now it has been decided, that a testamentari disposition of an estate, de.vised to the survivor of two persons, while both are alive, is not valid, although the person making the disposition becomes the survivor; because, till by the death of the other he so becomes the survivor, he has no interest whatever in the land! .So, also, Mr. Prestonobserves, that mere possibilities to persons not ascertained, as to the survivor of severalpersons, are not coupled with an

a 2 Merw. 10. b 17 Yes.479. r Fearne, 481. note. i Serg. 8 Raiwl, 470, d e 9ing. 126.
Bi-. Der. (6th Lond. ed.) :45p.

Rawle,

14 1-159.

3 Serg. &*

OF THE UNITED STATES.

interest, and are not devisable, nor, he apprehends, transferrable to assignees under a commission of bankrapt.' So, again. "titles under possibilities or expectancies are of two descriptions. (1) Possibilities coupled with an interest. (2) Possibilities without any interest. Those possibilities which are not coupled with an interest are not devisable, but all titles under them may be barred, excluded, or lound by estoppel. Such are the expectancies of an heir apparent or presumptive, or of persons where the gift is to the survivor, and both are living." b So a power given to the survivor of two persons, cannot be well executed by both of them while alive.c
In addition to the argument upon the case, as a question of general law, the counsel referred to the decisions of the State Courts of New-York, as conclusively establishing the construction contended for on the part of the defendant in error, as a settledrule of property in that State ;d and to the decisions of this Court, showing that the law thus established by a long series of adjudications in the local, tribunals, would be respected here. e

1827.
' Jackson
V.
Chew.

Mr. Justice TnomPsoN delivered the opinion of the Court,
and'after stating the case, proceeded as follows: Questions growing out of devises of this description, are
among the most difficult and intricate doctrines of the law ; and from the numerous cases that have arisen, as found reported in the books, it will be seen, that nice and almost imperceptible distinctions have been resorted to, with the avowed object of carrying into effect the intention of the testator. To review the cases that have arisen in the En-

Feb. fito..

a 1 Prestonon Estates,76.

b Preston's Abstr. tit. 204.

c Sugd. Powers, 162. 3 Bro. Cl. t1o.

d Fosdick v. Cornell, I Johns. Rep. 440. Jackson v. Blansbaw,

S JoAnS. Rep. 292. Mofrat V.Strong, 10 Johns. Rep. 12. Jackson

v. Staats, 11 Johns. Rep. 337. Jackson v. Anderson, 16 Johns.

Rep. 382. Wilkes v. Lion, 2 Cowen's Rep. 8i5 a 5 Cranch, se. 9 Cranch, 98. 6 Wheat. Rep. 127. 7 Meat.

Rep. 550. 8 Wheat. Rep. 585-542. 1o 111teat. Rep. 159. )1

Ifiat. Rep. 307, 8.

VOL. XIT.

S

CASES iN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. glish Courts on these questions, would be an arduous, and Sto reconcile them, a difficult, if not a fruitless undertaking.
Jackson Nor are the decisions of the State Courts in our owL coun-

Chew. try in perfect harmony with each other. It is not deemed

Unnecessary necessary, however, in the present case. o enter into an ex-

to discuss the amination of these various decisions, either for the purnose

case as a ques- of.

'

tion ofgeneral of attempting to reconcile then, or to extract from them

law.
cation

oAfpptihe--principPles,

which might

be

ap'plicable

to

the

case now be-

pthriencliopclael, dtehcai-t fore the Court, if the question was considered enftirely an sions ae to open question. The inquiry is very much narrowed, by ap-

control,

plying the rule which has uniformly governed this Court,

that where any principle of law, establishing a rule of real property, has been settled in the State Courts, -thesame rule
will be applied by this Court that would be applied by the State tribunals.

This is a principle so obviously just, and so indispensably

necessary, under our system of government, that it cannot

be lost sight of.

.ecions in The inquiry, then, is, whether the question-arising in this

the

State

Courts upon case, has been so settled in the State Courts of New-York,

this case, and as to be considered at rest there. Numerous cases have

other analo-

gous cases, re- come before thoseCourts upon this queston; some on the

viewed.

very clause in the will now under consideration; others on

wills containing clauses very analogous, and which, in those Courts at least, have been considered identical with the present.
I shall proceed to notice some of the leading cases there decided, to see how the law on this question is held to have been settled in that State. In the case of .1nAaerson v. .lackson, (16 Johns. Rep. $82.) decided in the Court for the Trial of Impeachments and Correction of Errors, in the year 1819, the decision turned solely upon the construction of this very clause in- the will of Medcef Eden, the elder, affirming the judgment of the Supreme Court, which had been given without argument, the Court considering the question raised to have been settled by former eases; and the Court of Errors,'in affirming the judgment of the Supreme Court, put it principally upon the same ground, and considered the question at rest by the repeated and uniform aecisions of the Supreme Court for the -last twelve or fourteen years. It may be useful to recur to the progress of

OF THE UNITED STATES.

these decisions, to see the steady and uninterrupted course of the Courts upon the question, and how firmly the principle has become ingrafted in the law of that State as a rule
of landed pibperty. The firstltcase that arose, was that of Fosdick v Cornell,
(1 Johns. Rep. 440.) in the year 1806. By the will there in question, the devise over was, "My mind and will is, that if any of my said sons, William, Jacob, Thomas, and John, or my daughter Mary, shall happen to.die without heirs male of their owff bodies, then that the lands shall return to the survivors, to be equally divided between them." And iS was held by the-Court unanimously, that this clause did not create an'estate tail, but was to take effect as an executory devise. In the case of 4nderson v. Jackson, the doctrine of that case was consideredapplicable to the Eden will, and to govern its construction. And it was not pretended by the dissenting members of the Court of Errors, but that if the case of Fosdick v. Cornell was correctly decided, it would govern the case then before the Court. And the whole strength of the argument in the very elaborate opinions given by the dissenting members, was applied to the purpose qT endeavouring to show that the decisions in that case, and in those which rested upon- it, had proceeded upon incorrect views of the law, as decided both in the English And American Courts. Chancellor Kent here took occasion to announce his change of opinion on this question, and to say, that although he did not deliver the opinion of the Court, he would not shelter himself under his silence, but partook of the error; but that he had discovered, years ago, that the case of Fosdick v. Cornell was decided on mistaken grounds. If this should be admitted, (which I certainly do not mean to admit,) it is an error which has been so repeatedly sanctioned by all the Courts of that State, for the last twenty years, that it has ripened into a settled rule of law. And a reference to.the cases which followed that of Fosdick v Cornell, will show that it has become a rule so fastened upon the law of real property in that State, as
to make it unwise and unsafe to disturb it. In the case of Jackson v. Blanslzaw, (3 Johns. Rep. 289.1
deczided in the year 1808. Tbe question before the Court

1827. Sackson Chew.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827.
-f. / Jackson
V. Chew.

arose upon a will, where the testator devised "all his estate, real and personal, to his six children, to'be equally divided between them, share and share alike, but if any of them
died before arriving at full age, or -without lawful issue, that then his, her, or their part, should devolve upon and be equally divided among the surviving children, and to their
heirs and assigns, for ever." This was held to be a good devise over by way of executory devise, and Chief Justice Kent, in delivering the opinion of the Court, refers to the case of 4osdick v. Cornell, and observes, that the Court there reviewed the leading authorities, and held, that the devise over was a good executory devise, and that the true construction was, a devise over to take effect on failure of male issue during the life of the first taker. That the ancient case of Hanbu.,y v. Cockrill, (1 Roll. ./br.835.) was quite analogous in favour of the executory devise. The devise there was to the two sons in fee, with a proviso, that if either died before they should be married, or before they should attain the age of 21 years, and without issue of their bodies, then his share should go to the survivor. That Lord Kenyon, in the two cases of Porter v. Bradly, and Roe v, Jeffery, (3 Term Rep. 14-3. 7 Term Rep. 589.) supported

this establishedconstruction in a very forcible manner; and that the case before the Court could not be distinguished in principle from those in vhich this rule of law is settled be.yondcontrorersy. Again; in the case of the Executors of .Moffat v. Strong, (10 Johns. Rep. 12.) decided in the year 1313, the testator, after giving certain specific parts of his real and personal estate to his sons, adds this provision: "'And if any of my sons aforesaid should die without lawful issue, then let his or their part or parts be divided equally among the survivors." Although-this was a case of personal property, the judgment of the Court did not rest upon that distinction. Chief Justice Kent, in delivering the opimon of the Court, says, " The greatest di.hcui..y that arises
in starting the main point for consideration, is to avon tog overwhelmed and confounded by the multitude ot cdae'. Lord Thurlow said there were fifty-seven cases on this point, and we know they have greatly increased since." 4nd. after reviewing many of the leading cases, the Chiet

OF THE UNITED STATES.

165

Justice observes, if the limitation rested solely on the words dying without issue, it would fail, but the will proceeds, and gives the part of the son so dying without issue to the survivors. The term survivors will be found to rescue the. limitation from the operation of the general principle, and to bring it within the reach of other cases, which have adjudged that expressiorn to be the cause of a different construction, and for the reason that it could not have been intended that the survivor was to take only after an indefinite failure of issue, as that event might happen long after the death of all the survivors. Thus stood the question when the Chief Justice ,.-is transferred to the Court of Chancery, no diversity of opinion having existed on the bench upon the question, according to the reported cases. The next case that came before the Court was that of Jackson v. Staats, (I I Johns. Rep. .337.) in the year 1814, and the construction of a similar-clause in a will was under consideration. Spencer, J., in delivering the opinion of the Court, observes, that "the point, whether the limitatiou over operates as an executory devise, or to create an estate tail, admits of very little difficulty. The case of Fo'sdick v Cornell is in point, that this is a good executory devise;" and adds, "1 believe none of. us have ever doubted the correctness of the decision in that case, and it would be a waste of time to review the authorities there cited." So that the law on this point was considered settled, and not open to argument, until it was again stirred, in the case of .Andersonv. Jackson, in the Court of Errors, upon the clause in Eden's will, now under consideration,,and the rule of construction settled in the Supreme Court, was considered applicable to this will, and governed the decision in the Court of Errors. Again, in the year 1823, the const iction of this same clause in Eden's will came before the Supreme Court, in the case of Lion v. Burtis; (20Johns.Rep. 483.) and Spencer, Ch.J., in delivering the opinion of the Court, referred to the case of Anderson v. Jackson, in the Court of Errors, and said, it was there decided that the devise to Joseph Eden did not create an estate tail, but that the devise over, upon the event of Jius dying without issue, Was a limitation over as an executory devise to Medcef, the survivor.- That the opinion

1827.
Jackson
V.
Chew.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. \.o,%.
JacVk. son
Chew.

of the Court was, that the devise over to the survivor did not depend on an indefinite failure of issue, but only on a failtire -of issue at the time of Joseph's death. " This,
then," said the Chief Justice, "is the 'law of the land. and must govern every other case coming within the same prin-. ciple. And I must be allowed to say. that subsequent reflection bag confirmed my conviction of the soundness of the decision in the Court of Errors. Stare deczsis is a maxim essential to the security of property. The decisions of Courts of law become a rule for the regulation of the alienation and descent of real estate, and when that rule has been sanctioned and adopted in our Courts, it ought to bn adhered to, unless manifestly wrong and utnust."
Other questions were, however, embraced in this case, and it was afterwards brought before .the Court of Errors, (2 Owen. 333.) and a preliminary question was made, whether .he Court would hear an -argnment on the point decided in the case of Anderson v. Jackson. But as that question was so involved with other questions in the cause, it was found .difficult entirely to separate them, and the argument proceeded; the President. of the Court at the same time observing, that he should suppose counsel would not question any point plainly decided in Afiderson-v. Jackson, both in its principle and objecti and that he had no doubt the Court would abide by its decision in that case. In the course 9 f the argument, when the.. bearing of the case of Anderson v. Jackson was fully understood, it was pro. posed to stop the counsel, so far as the decisi6n in that case was called in question; and the Chancellor (Sanford). expressed his determination-to adhere to that decision. That he understood it to fix distinctly a construction upon the clause whichdevises to Joseph Eden, and was prepared to say it did not carry an estate tail, but a fee determinable on his death without issue then living. And although the counsel were allowed to proceed, and the question again fully argued, the Court, when they came to pronounce judgment, disclaimed, in very strong language, any intention to call in
question the decision of Anderson v. Jackson. Cramer, Senator, observes: "The Court has been called upon, in a
Ye, solemn manner, to review its decision on an important

OF THE UNITED STATES.

167

rule of law affecting titles to real property. But we have 1827. not, in my view of the subject, the power (and by power I ...mean right) now to question or impeach that judgment ren- Jackson dered by this Court. and founded on the uniform.decsions Chew.

of the Supreme Court during a period of more than seventeen years. Wills have beer, made, and estates settled, on

the principle of these cases, which have been deemed and treated as the settled law of the land." And the judg-

ment of the Supreme Court was unanimously affirmed, with

the exception of one Senator.

After such a settled course of decisions, and two of them

in the highest Court of law in the State, upon the very

clause in the will now under consideration, deciding that

Joseph Eden did not takelan egtate tail, a contrary decision

by this Court would present a conflict between the State Courts and those of the United States, prodhctive of incal-

culablemis'chief. If, after such an uninterrupted series of decisions for twenty years, this question is not at rest in

New-York, it is difficult to say when any question can be so

considered. And it will be seen by referehce to the decisions of this Court, that to establish a contrary doctrine here,

would be repugnant to the principles -%ihich have always

governed this Courtnia like cases.

it has been urged, however, at the bar, that this Court ap- This Court a-
iopts the local
plies this jrinciple only to State constructions-of their own law of real statutes. It is true, that many of the cases in which this property, as
ascertained by
Court has deemed.itself boun4 to conform to State decisions, tohef thdeeciSsitoant:e
have arisen on the tonstruction of statutes. But the same Court,; Wherule has been extended to other cises; and there can be no thcelorllthose daer-e

good reason assigned why it should'not be, when it is applying g.ounded on settled rules of real property. This Court adopts the State 9tiho6nMtoefrpresttaa--

decisions, because they settle the law applicable to the case; tuts,; or on

and the reasons assigned for this course, apply as wel]lato, c~wc

-
ahafxbede

rules of construction groping out of the common law, as" of pro-

the statute law of the State, when applied to, the title of perty in the lands. And such a course is indispensable, in order to pre-Staten

sIerve. uniformity, otherwte the peculiar constitution of the judicial tribunals of the States and of the United States,

would be productive of the greatest mischief and confusion.

168

,ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. Jack

The case of .lKeen v. Delancy's Lessee, (5 Cranch, 32.) Sarose upon the construction of a statute. And the Court say, " If the act then in question was for the first time to be

Chew. construed. the opinion of the Court would be, that the deed (Cases inwas not properly proved, and, therefore, not legally rewhich this corded. But in construing the statutes of a State, on which Court has recognised the land titles depend, infinite mischif would ensue, should Siatedectsinus this Court observe a different rule from that which has been aS conclusive on questions of long established in the State."7 And whether these rules of local law. land titles grow out of the statutes of a State, or principles

of the common law adopted and appli 9 d 'to such titles, can make no difference. There is the same necessity and fitness in preserving uniformity of decisions in the one case as in the other. So, also, in the cases of Polk's Lessee v. Wendal, (9 Crunch, 98.) and Thatcher v. Pownell, (6 Wheat. Rep. 127.) the construction of State statutes respecting real
property was under consideration; and the,Court say, they will adopt, and be governed by, the State construction, when that is settled, and can be ascertained, especially where the title to lands is in question. But in the case of Blight's Lessee v. Rockester, (7 Wheat. Rep. 550.) which arose in Kentucky, the question was not upon the construction of any statute, but related to the doctrine of estoppel, between vendor and vendee; and. it was utged at-the bar, that the question was settled by authority in Kentucky, and cases cited to establish the point. T4e authorities'were examined, and considered by the Court as not deciding the question, but no intimation is given that they were inapplicable, because the question did not involve the construction of a statute. And the case of Daly v. James, (8 Wheat. Rep. 535.) which arose in Pennsylvania, is directly in point. The -question there vias upon the interpretation of a clause
in a will, which had received a judicial construction by the Supreme Court of that State. And it was urged, as it has
been here, that it was not one of those cases where the decisions of State Courts, on questions of local law, esta. blished rules of property which this Court could not disturb. But the Court said, they always listened with respect to the adjudications of the different States, when they apply. And in a question of so much doubt, they were dis-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

Tposed, upon this point, to acquiesce in the decision of the Supreme Court 'of that State, (Smith v. FozoeI,-I Binn. 546.) that the word " heirs" in the will is to be cpnstrued to be a word of limitation.
In that case this Court adopted a single decision of the State Court upon the question. But,.in the case now under consideration, there have been two decisions in the two highest Courts of law in the State upon the identical question now in judgment, and which were in conformity to a settled course of adjudications for twenty years past.
After such a series of adjudications for such a length of time, in the State Courts, upon the very pglnt now before us, and relating to a rule of landed property in that State, we do not 'eel-ourselves- at liberty to treat it as an open question.
Judgment affirmed, with costs.

1827. Armstrong
V.
Lear.

[Lzx Loci. PROBATE or TiSTAMENTARY PAPER.]

ARtSTRONG agamst LEAR, Admiistrator(with the will annexed) of KoscIUszKo.

-A testamentary paper executed in a foreign country, even if exqcuted so as to give it the eflect of a last will and testament by the fo-
reign law, cannot be made the foundation of a suit for a legacy 14 the Courts of this country, until it has received probate here, in the Court having the peculiar jurisdiction of the probate of wills and
other testamentary matters.

APPEAL from the Circuit Court for the District of Co-

lumbia.

The bill, filed on theChancery side of the Circuit Court,

stated, that Thaddeus Kosciuszko, on the 5th of May, 1798,

placed a fund in the hands of Thomas Jefferson, and exe. cuted a will, as follows : "I, Thaddeus Xosciuszko; being

just on my departure from America, do hereby declare and

Vor. XIHi-

9-2

OF THE UNITED STATES.

565

or the injunction would have been dissolved on motion. The continuance of the injunction is, in substance, equivalent to a renewal of it.
Under these circumstances, some difference of opinion exists on the motiori for a mandamus. Some of the Judges think, that it ought to be awarded ; others are of opinion, that as the injunction is still continued by the Court, and as the Judges who have a right to give it force have returned thatat is in force, it ought not to be awarded. The motion
isoverruled. Rule discharged.

1827. Thompson
Peter.

[LIMITATION.]
Tu-omPsoN agamst.PETER & JonNs, Administrators de bonrs non of PETER, deceased.
An acknowledgment of the debt by the-personal representatives of' the original debtor, deceased, will not take the case out of the statute of limitations.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the District ofColumbia. This was an action of assumpsit brought in September, 1822, by the plaintiff against the defendants, for goods sold, &c. to their intestate. At the trial in the Court below, the plaintiffgave in evidence, that in the lifetime of the intestate, James Peter, who died in the year 1808, fie admitted the payment, at his request and for his use, by the plaintiff, of the 800 dollars, charged in the account produced, that after the death ofsaid Peter, and after his brother D. Peter had obtained letters of administration on his estate, an account, of which the one now in suit is a copy, was drawn off, passed the Orphan's Court, and presented to said D. Peter, as said administrator, for payment; to which he answered, there were no funds in hand to pay the debts of the.antestate. The said account. with the certificate of allowance by the Or-

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. \o- -% Thompson
V.
Peter.

phan's Court thereon, and so presented as aforesaid, wa. left in the hands of said D. Peter after his death, which was in the year 1812, and after the defendants had qualified as
admmistrators de bores non, some time in the spring or summer of the year 182'9, an appaicttion was made on behalf of the plaintiff to the defendant, G. Peter, for a settlement of the said account to which he answered, that he knew very little of the business of the estate, which was principally attended to by the other defendant, Johns, but there were no funds in hand to pay the debts of the estate, and in a subsequent conversation, the said G. Peter. in answer to another application for payment of the said account. said, that until a recovery could be had from one Magruder. to whom lands of the intestate had been sold, for the purchase money of which a suit was pending, the administrators would have no funds to pay James Peter's debts, application for a settlement was then made in behalf of the plaintiffto said Johns, to whom the other defendant had referred as the acting administrator, and the said Johns was requested to see if the said account, before delivered to said David Peter as aforesaid. was not among the files of his papers, and to return it for the purpose of bringing suit on it: to which the said Johns replied, that he had seen, or believed the account was on file. would look for and return it, and further said, there were no funds in hand to pay the debts of the estate, and on a second application to the said Johns for the said account, he said he had looked for it arnd could not find it.
A verdict.was taken, subject to the opinion of the Court. whether the above was sufficient evidence, to be left to the jury, of a subsequent acknowledgment of the debt. to take the case Pat of the statute of limitations. A judgment having been reudered for the defendants, the cause was brought by writ of error before this Court.

Feb. d. The cause was argued by Mr. Jones for the plaintiff, and by Mr. Key1 for the defendants.
March 1st. Mr. ChiefJustice MARsHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

567

'This was a suit brought in September, 1822, on a promise alleged to have been made by the intestate of the defendant, who died in the year 1808. The defendant pleaded sion assurnpsit, and the statute of limitations, on which pleas issue was joined. By consent of parties a verdict was found for tile plaintiff, subject to the opinion of the Court, whether the evidence which is stated in a case made by the parties, be sufficient to be left to the jury as evidence of a subsequent acknowledgment, competent to take the case out of the statute of limitations. The Court gave judgment for the defendants, which judgment is now before this Court on
a writ of error.
The Court is of opinion that the Circuit Court decided rightly The original administrator, David Peter, did not acknowledge the debt, but said there were no funds in hand
to pay the debts of the testator. This language might be used by a person not intending to give any validity to the claim, and ignorant of its real merits. The conversation with one of the present defendants, George Peter, was still further from being an acknowledgment. Had this even been a suit against the original debtor, these declarations would not have bee" suficie;. .o take the case out of the statute. The cases cited from 8 Cranch's IAep. 72. and 11 Wheat. Rep. 209. are expressly in point. But this is not a suit against
the original debtor It is brought against his representative, who may have no personal knowledge of the transaction.
Declarations against him -have never been held to take the promise of a testator or intestate out of the act. Indeed, the contrary has been held.

1827. -
Thompson
Peter.

Judgment affirmed, with costs.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827.

Williamson
V.
Daniel.

(DEVISE.]

WxLLIAMsoN and Others, Appellants, against DA&NxIL and Others, Respondents.

An absolute bequest of certain slaves to P H. is qualified by a subse-
quent limitation over. that if either ofthe testator's grand children, P H., or J.D. A., should die without a lawful heir of their bodies,
that the other should heir its estate, which converted the previou.:
estate into an estate tail. and there being no words in the will which restrained the dying without issue to the time ofthe death of the legatee, the limitation over was held to be on a contingency
too remote. The rule of partus srluitur ventrem is universally followed, unless
there be someihing in the teims of the instrument which disposes of the mother, separating the issue from her.

APPEAL from the Circuit Cmiirt of Georg-a. The controversy in this cause arose out of the following clauses in the will ofJames Daniel. " I lend my w:fe twenty-one negroes," naming them, and-also certain lands, "d uring her natural life." Aad subsequently, "1 give and bequeath unto my grand daughter, Patsy Hendrick, three negroes. viz- Joe, Parker, and Willis-] alsogive her one half
of the negroes I have lent my wife, to her and her heirsfor ever. I give and bequeath unto my grandson, Jesse Daniel Austin, son of Betty Austin, one half of the negroes Ihavc .lent my wife, after the death of my wife, Nancy Daniel. Now my will is, that if either of my grand children, Patsy
Hendrick, or Jesse Daniel Austin, should die without a lawsful heir of thezr'bodiet, that the other should heirits, estate.' Jesse Daniel Austin, (now called by special act Jesse .Austin Daniel,) survived Pasty Hendrick, and after the death of Nancy Daniel. the widow of the testator, took into pos. session all the negroes bequeathed to her during her life. Patsy Hendrick died about the year 1805, intestate, and without heirs of her body. being at the time of her death an infant about nine years old, leaving Robert Hendrick, her f'kther, and Louisa Hendrick. her half sister. by the father',

OF THE'UNITED STATES.

569

iade, now Louisa Gibbes, one of the complainants, her next 1827. ,f kin. Robert Hendrick died in 1814, having first made '.v' his will. bequeathing his estate to the said Louisa, his daugh. SWilliVa.mson ter, and his wife Mary, now Mary William.on. also a corn- Daniel. plainant. Some of the slaves, to wit, Sally and her children, were born in the lifetime of Nancy Danelh.
The Court below determined that the limitation over was
too remote, and decreed or_ half the slaves to the representatives of Patsy HendricK, the complainants. It also decreed that the slaves, Sally and her children, did not belong to the estate of the tenant for life. The defendants appealed
to this Court.

The cause was argued by Mr. "Berrenf,or the appellants,a Marcl& inta and by Mr. Wilde, for the respondents.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of Mwch J'
the Court. The first bequest to Patsy Hendrick would pass the slaves
therein mentioned io het absolutely, were not this absolute estate qualified by the subsequent limitation over, if either of the testator's grand children, Patsy Hendrick, or Jesse Daniel Austin, should die withouit a lawful heir of their bodies, that the other should heir its estate. We think'these words convert the absolute estate previously given, into an estate tail, and, if so, since slaves are personal property, the limitation over is too remote.
There are no words in the -ill which restrain th dying withoutissue to the time of the death of the legatee.- The remainder over is to take effect whenever either of the immediate legatees should die without a lawful heir of his or her body. The gift in remainder is a gift to the stock, and is limited over on a contingency too remote to be allowed by the policy of the law.

a Fearne,445.471. 478.489. 485. Pree.an Ch. 15. 1 P Wrzs.

584. Prec. in Ch. 1033. S P Wins. 253. SJohns. Rep. 289. 2 Mass.

Rep. 56. 1 P Wims. 663. SAtlk. 896. 2 Term Rep. 720. 7 Term

R7ep.585. 8VFes.11. 17Fes. 479.

VOL. XI.

712

570
1827. Newman
V..
Jackson.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
Th'e second point is, we believe, well settled. The issue is, we believe, universally considered as following the mother, unless they be separated from each other by the terms of the instrument which disposes of the mother.

Decree affirmed, with costs.

[SALr.]

"NEwmAN, Plaintiff in Error, against JAcKson, Defendant in Error.

Question as to the sufficiency of a notice' of sale of real property
under a deed of trust. Vo particular'form of such a notice is prescribed by law; it is suffi-
cient if the description of the, land is reasonably certain, so as to inform the public -ofthe property to be sold.

March Rd. THIS.cause was argued by Mr. Key, for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr. Sijann, for the defendant in error.

March

1 t]i. Mr. Justice TRIMBLE delivered the opinion of the Court. This was an action of ejectment, brought to recover lot
No. 99, in Threlkeld's addition to Georgetown, with the improvements thereon, fronting sixty feet on Fayette-street and one hundred and twenty feet on Second-street.
The plaintiff in error was tenant in possession of the prenses, appeared to the action, and, upon entering into -the common consent rule, was admitted to defend, and
pleaded not guilty, upon which issue was joined. Upon the trial in the Court below, the plaintiff gave in
,evidence a deed from John W. Bronaugh to Thomas G. Moncure, coiveyng to him, in trust, for the payment of certain enumerated creditors, "A lot on Fayette-street, and Second-street, in Georgetown, fronting 60 feet on Fayettestreet, and 120 feet on Second-street, with the buildings.

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827.
Lidderdale
V.
Robinson.

cisions of the Court are in- perfect analogy with general Sprinciples, in the application of prescription and presumptionsfrom lengthof time, and continued acquiescence of the
party whose rights are implicated. We do not deem it necessary to corroborate the Virginia
decisions by comparing them with the authorities on this subject, as we are to the habit of regarding with the highest respect the decisions of the State Courts upon causes arising under their own statutes. But any one desirous of pursuing the inquiry, will find the law on this subject very well collected and digested in -Mr. Starke's 3d vol. of his Treatise on Evz-
dence, and the 1225th page of Mr. .Metcalf'sedition.

Judgment revprsed, and ventrefacias de novo awarded

(LoCAL Liw.]
LxDD.&DALE'S Executors against The Executor of Ho.
BINSON.

Under the statute of Virginia, giving to debts dtte on protested bill of exchange, therank ofjudgment debts, a joint endorser, who has paid more than his proportion of the debt, has a right to satisfaction out of the apsets of his co-endorser, with the priority of a judg-
ment creditor.

Feb. 9tI. THIS cause was argued by Mr. Powell, for the plaintiffs, I no counsel appearing for the defendants.

.Peb. 17th.

Mr. Justice JoHNsoN delivered the opinion of the Court. The question to be decided in fis cause is certified to this Court on a division of opinion from the judges of the
Virginia district.

a 8 Pes.'88z. 12 Ves. 418. 2 Vern. 608. 11 Ves. 22. a Call. 325. s Call. 029. 1 Randolph, 466. 3 W7'a. Rep. 520.

OF THE UNITED STATES.

B5

The bill is filed to recover a sum of money of Robin- 1827.

son's estate, and the debts beingrnumerous, and the assets k probably insufficient to satisfy the whole, the right of pri- l

.dderdale

oity becomes a material object among the creditors.

Robinson.

The particular demand upon which this question is certi-

fied, is that of one Smith, who was joint endorser with Ro-

binson, on a bill of exchange drawn by one Roots, and re-

turned under protest. The bill, of course, must have been

drawn payable to Robinson and Smith. and being taken up

by them, and the latter having paid more than a moiety in

satisfaction of the debt, his administrator now claims of the

estate of Robinson the amount by which Smith's-payments

exceeded the moiety.

There is.no question on his night to come n for that sum

as a simple contract creditor; but he claims precedence,

and the rank of a judgment creditor, under a particular pro-

vision of the laws of Virginia in force at Robinson's death,

and under an equitable principle, according to which, he

who pays a debt of a superior dignity is suffered to rank in

the application of assets according to thedignity of the debt

satisfied, or, in other words, is substituted for the creditor

who held the prior debt.

The terms of the Virginia act are these, " All bills of

exchange which are, or shall be protested, shall,. after the

death of the drawer or endorser thereof, be accountedof

equal dignity with a judgment ; and the executors or admi-

nistrators of' every such drawer or endorser, shall suffer

judgment to" pass against them for all debts,due upon pro-

tested bills of exchange before any bond, bill, orother debt,

of equal or inferior dignity, under the penalty of being

obliged to pay the same out of. their own proper good."

The priority, therefore, of the holder, of the bill of

exchange, as well against the estates, of the endorsers,.

as the drawer, is unquestionable; but, the other cre-

ditors insist, that as between .the co-endorsers, the riglits

of Smith against the estate of Robinson,. must be deter-

mined by the nature of the action to which he would have

been put at law to recover back what he paid above his

moiety, that is, assumpsit on simple contract. But both on

principle and aiqthority-we are induced'to thirjlotherwkq,

596

CASES IN THE SUPREME CWIJRT

1827. %

What have the creditors of Robinson to complain ofThey are only referred back to the situation in which they

LiddeV.rdale were before they were relieved by the application of Smith's

Robinson. funds to the payment of the. bill of excliange. If the bill of exchange still remained in the hands of the holder unsa-

tisfied, his right to a priority from Robinson's estate as to -the moiety of the bill, would be unquestionable, and if re-

lieved from that state by the money of Smith, itis but right that Smith should have refunded to him that sum which they, without that payment, would certainly have been

obliged to relinquish. This is in perfect analogy with that class of cases in which real assets have been decreed to make good to simple contract creditors sums that have. been taken from personal assets, and applied to relieve the real estate, (8 Vesey, 382.) or to satisfy specialty creditors. (Gibbs v. Onger, 12 Vesey, 413.) -
That a surety who discharges the debt of the principal,.

shall, in general, succeed to the rights of the creditor, as well direct as incidental, is strongly exemplified in those

cases in which the surety is permitted to succeed to those rights, even against bail, who are themselves in many respects regarded as sureties. (2 Vern. 608. 11 Vesey, 22.)

That such would be the effbct of an actual assignment made by the creditor to the surety, or to some third person for his benefit, no one can doubt. But, in the cases last

cited, we find the Court of equity lending its aid to compel the creditor to assign the cause of action, and thus to make

an actual substitution of the sureties, so as to perfect their claim at law. This fully affirms the right to succeed to the legal standing of their principal , and, after establishing that

principle, it is going but one step farther, to consider that as done which the,surety has a right to have done in his favour, and thus to sustain the substitUtion without an actual assignment. And, accordingly, we find the dictum expressed ih Rokbnson v. Wilson, ( lfadd. Rep. 434.) in pretty general terms, "that a surety who pays off a specialty debt shall be considered as a creditor by specialty of his princi-

pal." If the parties in this cause be considered as claiming un-

der assignment from the holder of the bill, and each as as-

OF THE UNITED STATES.

597,

signee of the claim against his co-endorsee, according to the 1827. actual state of their respective interests, there can be no doubt of the priority here claimed. This ublect has un- Lidderdale

dergone a very serious examijiation in the Courts of the Robinson. United States, and in cases in which, as in this, satisfaction had been made by the surety without taking an actual assignment of the debt.
The first in order of time was that of Burrows 8/Brown Y .1"Whann &,Campbell. administratorsof Carnes, ( Desaussure's Rep. 409.) This was a case exactly the parallel of the present in all its circumstances. The parties were co-securities to one Banks in a bond to Warrington, and'had all contributed, but uneqbally, to the satifaction of the 3udg~ment obtained against them jointly on the bond. They had taken no assignment of the judgment, and Brown and Burrows, who had paid most, prayed to be let in as judgment creditors of Carnes, their co-obligor, in right of the judgment obtained by the creditor, Warrington. There was, in this case, satisfaction also entered formally on the judgment, but as this was obtained by the management ofCarnes's administrators, it was treated as a nullity, and the complainants had a priority decreed to them m right of the judgment against themselves, coojointly with Carnes, their co-obligor.
The next case was that of Eppes et al., executors of WFayles, v. Randolph,(3 Call. 125.).in which the surety to a bond, having paid it off,,but having taken no assignment from the creditor, filed his bill to charge the real estate of the principal, upon the ground that he had succeeded to the 'ights of the creditor by the mere act of satisfying the bond. It was not questioned, that 'sucKwould have been the effect of an assignment, nor that th' idof the Court would have been granted to compel the creditor to assign, but the claim to relief was insisted upon the ground, that with6ut such assignment, the surety could only be considered in the rank.of a simple contract creditor, and, as such, -neither having a preference to other simple contract creditors, nor the rights of a creditor by specialty, to charge the assets descended.
This isprecisely the defence set up in the present case.
but in the case of Wayles v. Randolph, the Court decided that the surety succeeded to the rights of the creditor. and

598

5ASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. decreed satisfaction accordingly out of the remaining assets, Sboth real and personal, (p. 159.) modifying their decree,
Lidderdale however, so as not to affect the executor with a devastavit
V.
Robinson. for any payment made before the filing of the bill. In the year 1802, the same point was decided in the Courts
of Virginia, in the case of Tinsley v. A4nderson, (3 Call. 329.) In this case, a creditor filed his bill to compel mortgagees and judgment creditors to subject the estate of one Anderson to a sale, that prior incumbrazces might be cleared away, so as to let him m for satisfaction, and in applying-the proceeds of the mortgaged property, the Cotirt was called upon to decide this question in all its latitude. In delivering their decree, the language of the Court is, "that for all sums paid by sureties they ought to be placed in the situation of the creditors whose debts they have paid, or arE bound to pay."
That this, then, is the settled law of the State in which this contract and this cause originated, cannot be doubted.
But we feel no inclination to place our decision upon that restricted ground, since we are well satisfied with its correctness on a general principle, and on authorities of great respectability in other States.
We will, therefore, order it to be certified to the Circuit Court ofVirginia District, that John Smith, executor of John Smith, deceased, is entitled to satisfaction from the assets of the estate ofJohn Robinson, with the priority of a judgment
creditor of the deceased. Certificate accordingly.

UASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. ,.o-.--
PoVtte. . Gardner.

)tates sue, wnere the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs. amounts to the sum or value of 100 dollars.
Now, it is not pretended that this is a civil cause of ad-
miralty and maritime jurisdiction, and it has already been shown, that there is no law of the United States, of impost Or otherwise, to warrant the seizure of the teas in question. or to subject them to forfeiture. But, even if there were such a law, the only proceeding which could have been instituted under it, must have been, to forfeit the articles seized, and not to subject them to the payment df duties. If the case be not one of forfeiture, we can"perceive no grdund upon which the Disrict Court could entertain a suit, by way of libel, to enforce the payment of duties. No jurisdiction is c~nferred upon that Court in such a case, either by the above section of the Judiciary Act, or by any other act of Congress. There is no doubt, but that a suit at'common law might be instituted in that Court. as well as in the Circuit Court, m the name of the United States, founded upon their legal right to recover the possession of goods upon which they have a lien for duties, or damages for the illegal taking or detaining of the same. But the remedy which has been selected, is not one which can obtain the sancti--n of this Court.
Thv decree of the Circuit Court, reversing that of the District Court, and awarding restitution to the claimants, must be affirmed.

1IMIS E OF LAIDS CHARGED WITH THZ PAYMEIIT OF DIETSo.
POTTER, Appellant, against GARDNER and others, Respon. dents.
A devise. "I give and devise to my beloved son. E. W G., two third parts of that my Ferrq Farm. so called," &c. "to him, the said E. W. G., and to his heirs and assigns for ever, ie, my said son E. W G. paying all my just debts out of said estate. And I do hereby order, and it is my will, that my son E. W G. shall

OF THE UNITED STATES.

,,,a%lyl myjust debts out of the estate hereoin given to him as aloresaid," creates a charge upon the estate in the hands of the devisee. A bonafide purchaser, %ho pays the pus chase money to a persun au-
thorized to sell, is not bound to look to its application, whether in the case of lands chasged in the hands of an heir or devisee with
the payient of debts, or lands devised to a trustee for the payment
of debts. But if the money be misapplied by the devisee or trustee, with the
co operation of the purchaser, he remains liable to the creditors for the sum so misapplied. On a bill filed by an executor against a devisee of lands charged witlh the pqyient of debts, for an account of the trust fund, &Sct.he creditors are not indispensable parties to the suit. The fund may be brought into Court, and distribut"l tinder its direction, according to the rights of those who may apply for it.

1827.
Potter V.
Gardner

THIS cause was argued by the Attorney General and Mr. Feb. td, Potter for the appellant, and by Mr. Webster and Mr. D. B. Ogden for the respondents.

Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the .F'b,91 Court.
This is an appeal from a decree of the Court of the United Slates for the First Circuit in the District of Rhode Island. The case was this:
On the 7th of July, 1817, Peleg Gardner made his last will, in which, among other things, he devised as follows, "I give and devise to my beloved son Ezekiel W. Gardner two third parts of all that my ferry farm, so called," &c. "to him the Paw Ezekiel W. Gardner, and to his heirs and as. signs for ever, he, my said son Ezekiel W. Gardner, paying all my just debts out of said estate. And I do hereby order, and It is my will, that my son Ezekiel W Gardner shall pay all my just debts out of the estate herein given to him as aforesaid." The testator gives to his wife, the plaintiff, Hannah, a part of his real and personal estate for life, in lieu ofdower, and to his daughter, the other plaintiff, other parts of his real and personal estate.
Peleg Gardner died soon after the making of his will, and
ht. several dfi sees entered into the estates devised to them respectively
On the 1,7th of July, 1818, the Court of Probates for the

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT
1827. county, in pursuance of a statute made for that purpose, ap.\,r--% pointed commissioners to receive and examine the claims o.
Potter the creditors, who made a report orr the 10th day of July.
V.
Gardner. 1820, from which it appears that the deb-ts proved against the estate and allowed. amouitt to g7593 14 cents, exclusive of a claim of $ 1000 exhibited b) uire Mano. which was disallpwed, and for which a suit has been commenced against the executrix. The testator had devised the remaining third part of his ferry estate to his daughter Isabel who had sold and conveyed the same to her brother Ezekiel. After which Ezekiel agreed to sell the whole estate to the appellant, Elisha R. Potter, for the amiount of tl 5.000. 'This billis filed by the executrix and devisees of Peleg Gardner, to subject the purchase money of the ferry estate to the payment of the testator's debts. The decree of the Circuit Court was in favour of the plaintiffs below; and from that decree Elisha R. Potter has appealed to this Court. The bill contains many charges of fraudulent combination between Ezekiel W. Gardner, and Elisha R. Potter, which it-would be waste of time to review in detail, because they are not sustained, and because the case rests on principles of equity, which are believed to be well settled. The first objection made to the decree is, that theplaintiffs have o right to ask the aid of a Court of equity, because they cannot assert the claims of the creditors whocould have proceeded at law against the estate in the hands of Ezekiel, and may now proceed at law against the remaining estate of Peleg. That the plaintiffs can give no discharge which will extinguish the rights of the creditors, and that the creditors ought, for that reason, to have been made parties to the suit.
The creditors The bill-states, and so is the fact. that tie whole estate of norb1 disen-.Peleg Gardner, both ieal and personal, was disposed of by
his will, and, as the-ferry estate devised to Ezekiel was the
fund provided for the paymenrof his debts, his devisees and Itgai.es tbokildaiediaie possession of the property bequeathed to thein iespecively, and -nothing.remains in the bands of the exectitrix wherewith to satisfy ti creditors. Tho

OF THE UNITED STATES.

501

bill also states, that Ezekiel W" Gardner is insolvent,, or i very doubtful circumstances; that a considerable part of the purchase money has been applied to the payment of his own

1827. Potter

debts,and that the plaintifif have cause to fear that the residue will be misapplied in the like manner, so that the whole trust fund will be wasted, and the property bqqueathed to them be taken by the creditort. These allegations are not con-

Gardner.

troverted, and make, we think, a ver clear case for an ap-

plication to a Court of equity. It is true, that the creditors

might have been made parties defendants, but we do not think them parties who may not be dispensed with. So

much of the fund as yet remains may be brought into

Court, and may be distribuled according to the rights of those

who may apply for it. We have, then, no doubt of the ju-

risdiction of the Court.

We have as little doubt of the liability of th-e ferry es- Tdehbetstecshtaartoger'da

tate while in the hands of Ezekiel, to the creditors of the upo the ferry testator. The words of the will ( reate an express charge. e:tate in the
I give and devise to my beloved soi, Ezekiel W. Gardner, devlsee, Ezeand his heirs, for ever, two thirds of my ferry farm, he pay. -Is G.

ing all my just debts out of said estate." More expl;cit

words could not have been used. It is admitted by tc counsel for the appellant, that these words would charge !he

estate in a country where the law did not previously charge

-it, but since, in Rhode Island, lands are liable, by law, to

the debts of the testator, the will superadds nothing to this

legal charge.

It may be admitted, that, as between the devisee and the. Effect of the
local law of
creditor, no charge is superadded by the will ; but the rela- Rhode Island tion of the devisees to each other is materially affected by-cuhpaorge tchreedated

it. A testator cannot,'by his will, withdraw from his cre- by the will.

ditors any property whicli the law subjects to their claims,

but he may provide a particular fund for his debts, and if

the creditors reqsort to a different fund, those to whom the

property so taken by them was given, are entitled to com-

pensation out of the find provided for debts. Examples

of this principle abound in the books. Personal property

is universally liable for debts. If tfie particular fund pro-

vided by the testator for that object, be of that description.

-nd a specific thing, bequeathed to annther, be taken i exe-

UASES IN THE SUPREME .COUR't

187.
Potter
V.
Gardner.

cution by a creditor, it has never been doubtea, that tht, Slegatee whose property has beet) taken, may resort to the trust fund for compensation. The principle is too well set.
tied to be now a subject for discui-sion. The law of Rhod Island, then, subectin lands to the pai nient of debts. can

have no influence on the case before the Court. The ferry

estate, had'it remained in the possession of the dt visees.

would not only have been liable to the creditors, but would

have been liable to the other devisees and legatees, for

such portions of their property as had been applied in pay-

ment of the debts of the testator.

Question whe- What change has been made by the sale to Elisha R.

ther the estate'

9

xemamned so Potter

charged tn the Although this question has been argued with great earnest-

lands of the
purchaser. ness, and at considerable length, scarcely any real diffbrenco

exists between the partes. The appeilecs seem to yield to

the authority of those modern decisions which deny the dis.

tinction between lands charged iii the hands of an heir, or

devisee, with the pay ment of debts,'and lands devised to a

tj..otee.for the payment of.debt-.. They admit, that, in either case, the purchaser who pays the purchase money to

the person authorized i.o sell. is not bound to look to its ap-

Dlication. Baxt they contend, that if the purchase money

be misapplied with the co-operation of the purchaser, he re-

mains liable to the'creditors for the sum so misapplied. The

-counsel for the appellants assent to this proposition. It is

scarcely necessary to say, that so much of the purchase mo-

ney as remained unpoid when this suit was instituted, is lia-

ble to the creditors, and is applicable by the Court to the

purposes of the trust. What, then, is really in dispute be-

tween the parties? Nothing but the questions how much

of the purchase money remains unpaid, and how much of it

has been applied to .the debts of Ezekiel, with the co-ope-

ration of Mr. Potter.

The whole purchase made by Mr. Potter amounted to

15,800 dollars, of which 15,000 dollars were given for the

ferry estate, and 800 for a lot in Jamestown, purchased

by Ezekiel from his sister Isabel. One third of the ferry

estate -bad also been purchased by Ezekiel front Isabel, so

that 5.800 dollars ot the -whole.purehase money, was giver,

O1 THL UNITED ,j'rATLS

503

ior property not charged by the will of Peleg Gardner with his debts, and the remaining 10,000 dollars for property which was so charged. That sum constituted the trust
fund. In the arrangement between the parties, Mr. Potter re-
thined 3,500 dollars for a debt due to him~elf, and paid debts due from Ezekiel, to the amount, as stated in the answers, of 1,830 dollars, maki'ng, in the whole, 5,330 dollars. On a subsequent agreement between the parties, Polter paid a debt of Ezekiel, amounting to 800 dollars, so that Potter has himself paid the debts of Ezekiel to the amount of 0,330 dollars, being 330 dollars out of the trust fund. J]is cash payments, at that time, are stated at 318 dollars fi6 cents.
In June, 1820. the parties came to a settlement, when a
Talance of7,729 dollars 62 cents, was found to be i the hands of Potter, bi "whicb lie says, he gave his note, payable.to order; in ga 'd mortgages in South Kingston, or in the State of New-York; apd a w, ;tiable cash note, payable to the defendarnt's order, for 4000 dollars, on the .25th of .1. rch.

1827. Potter
V.
Gardner.

The cash paymcnts sm bd by the defendants, amount- to 1,318 dollars 64 cents. The residue of the purchase money has either been applied by Potter himself to the payment of Ezekiel's debts, or is coiiprehended in the note payable in mortgages, or remains in his hands unaccounted for. In either case, it is liable, so far as it exceeds the sum of 5,800 dollars. which is not charged by the will, to the creditors of Peleg Gardner. Tins Court does not enter into minute calculations to ascertain the precise sum due. An account. if it be found necessary, comprehending the necessary calculations of interest, may be taken in the Circuit Court. The note payable in mortgages is not alleged to be paid, and, not being negotiable, would pass td an assignee, subject to the equity which was attached to it when in the hands of Ezekiel W. Gardner.
The defendant, Elisha R. Potter, has been stated to be liable for the ddbts of Peleg Gardner, for so much of the purchase money of the trust estate as remains in his hands. So far he is liable directly and mmediatelv, and is properly

504

CASES IN THE SUPREME COURT

1827. --
PoVtter
Gardner.

decreed to pay the money into Court. But, so far as hqhae applied the money to the debts of Ezekiel, his r~sponsibility is not, we think, imnediate' but depends on ie failure of
Ezekiel to pay, the decree ought, in the first instance, to be against Ezekiel, and, if the money cannot be obtained from him, then against Elisha R. Potter.
No doubt exists of the right of any of the parties to contest the claim of any creditor. The report of the commissioiuers may be prmafacse,but is not conclusive evidence of the claim. The creditor may ascertain his debt by a suit in the State Court, or thq executrix may contest it in the Court oj the United States. If Elisha R. Potter, or Ezekiel W. Gardner, suppose the executrix to be ,unfaithful to her duty in this respect, the Court will permit either of them to use
her name in opposition to the claim. We are of opinion, that so much of the decree as may
subject Elisha R. Potter to the debts of Peleg Gardner, beyond the purchase money remaining in his hands, and beyond the money paid by him in diicharge of the debts of Ezekiel W. Gardner, after deducting therefrom the amount of the estates purchased by the said Ezekiel from his sister Isabel, ought to be reversed, and that, in all other things, it ought to be affirmed.

DECREE. This cause came on, &c. On consioeration whereof, this Couit is of opinion, that there is error in so
much of the decree of the said Circuit Court as subjects Elisha R. Potter t9 the payment of a larger sum of money than now remains in his hands of the original purchase money, added to the sum he has applied to the payment of the debts of Ezekiel W Giardner, after deductingt therefrom the amount given for the estates purchased from Isabel Gardner; and in so much of the said decree as directs the said Elisha R. Potter to pay the sums he has misapplied to the debts of Ezekiel W. Gardner, and for which he, the said Ezekiel, is liable in the first instance, before he, the said Ezekiel, shah, have fail '1 to pay the same. It is, thererore,-. the opinion of this Court, that so much of the said -decree as is contrary to this opinion, be iEVERSED and ANNULLMD. and that the same be, in all other

OF THE UNITED STATES.

505

respects, AFPIRMED, and the cause is remanded to the said Circuit Court, with directions to refoinm the said decree according to this opinion, and to do all other things therein as equity and justice may require. In taking any account bVetween any of the parties which may be necessary for giv-
ing effect to this order, interest is to be computed according to law'and usage.

1.827.
U. SVt.ates Nicholh.

[SURETY.)
The UNITED STATES against NICeOLL.
The act ofiay 5ith, 1820, ch. 625. s. 9., which requires new soreties to be given by certain public officers on or before the 30th of Scptember, 1820, does not expressly, or by implication, discharge the former sureties from their liability.
The sureties are not responsible for moneys placed by the government in the hands of the principal, after the legal termination of his office; but they are responsible for moneys which came into his hands, while in office, and which he subsequently failed to account for and pay over.
In general, laches is not imputable to the government: But, quare, whether, in case there is an express a.reement between the government and te pr'Incipal,igiving time to the latter, and suspending the right of the former to sub, the suretiesare not discharged as in a similar case between private individuals 7
A mere proposition to give time, and suspend the right to sue, upoii certain conditions and contingencies, which are not proved to have been complied with, or to have happened, will not discharge the sureties.
The cases ofthe United States v. Kirkpatrick, (9 Wheat. Rep. 720.) and the United States v. Vanzandt, (11 Wheat. Rep. 184.) applied[ to the determination of the present case.
THIS cause was argued by the .flttorney General and Pe6, 2 Ml, Mr. Sampson for the plaintiffs, and by Mr. D. B. Ogdez for the defendant.

Mr. Justice TRIMBJarI delivered the opinion of th,. Cotsrt. Mar4 ,.'

VoL. X1.

S4

