SUPREME COURT.

J~sns M'DoNMvy, APPELLANT, vs- FREmAN SMALLEY, AND
OTHERS, (XN ALL PORTY.),

Where the record from"the Cburt below, bontained the whole proceedings

in the case, and exhibited all the matters'either party required for a final

dispoaitibn of the case, and the counsel for both the appellant and the ap-

pellees, were willing to subriit, upon argument, the whole case to the

final decision ofthe Court; but it appearedtihat the-Circuit Courtof Ohio

had not decided any question, but that which had been raised upon the

jurisdiction of the Court, the counsel were directed by this Court to ar-

gue tfie point ofjurisdiction only. {6211

It cannot be alleged, that a citizen of one state, having title to lands in an-

other state, is disabled froim suing for those lands in the Courts of the United States, by the fact that he derives his title from a citizen of the state

in which the lands lie. {629

M., a citizen of Ohio, apprehensive his title to landsin that state could not

be maintained in the state Court, and being indebted to the plaintiff, a

citizen of,Alabama, tothe amount of $1100, offered to sell andconvey to

him the land, in payment of the debt, stating' in the letter by which the offer was made, that the title would most probably be maintained in the

Courts ofthe United States, but would fail in the Courts of the state. The

*operty was' estimated at more than the debt, but in consequence of the

difficulties attending the title; he was willing to convey it for the debt,

which was done. The plaintiffin error, after the land was conveyed to him,

gave his bond to make a-quit claim titleto the land, on condition of re-

ceiving $1000; held that the titleacquiredby the purchsr, gavejurisdic-

tion to the Courts of the United States.

t623s

The motives which induced . to make the contract for the prchase of

theland, can have no inuence on i vaalisdity. A Court cannot enter into

the consideratouof those moties, hen deciding on its jurisdictin.

{624

_

In a cont-actbetween a mortgagor~and mortgagee, belig citizens of diflfereit

sates, it cannot be doubted that an ejecthent, orbill totfreclose, may be

brought in a Court of the United States; by the mortgagee residing in a

different state.

at624jl

Thbeeerounlepsrewshcircihbegdovbey thtihs1eopurarcttic'aenodf tohueghCtirtcoubiteCoobusretrsviendC. h{a6n2c5e]ry, hae

THIS was an oappea frtom the Circuit Court Odhofio, by the. complainant in that Court, on a bil filed in the Chancery
sideof the Court;. the object of which was, hrough the aid of that Court, tQ obltain a conveyance of a tract of land, situ-
ated in the statte of Ohio. The comnplainant, a citizen of the . tate of Alabama, derlv
ed title under a "conveyrance from Duncan M'Arthur, a citizen of Ohio; and the only point decided in the Circuit Court, was
upont the question of jurisdiction. The Circuit.-Court dismiss-
ed'.the bill, for-Want of jurisdiction; and the ,complainant ap.pealed to this Court.

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

621

(M'Donald vs. Smalley et aL)
]Before the argument commenced, the counsel for both parties asked instructions of the Court 4pon the question, whether, as the record contained the, Whole of the proceedings in the cause, and exhibited all the matters either party required for .a final 'disposition, of the case, in this Court, upon all the points'in controversy, this Court would permit the argument to go to the whole case, so that a decree could be, given here
upon the whole case; or, whether, an opinion upon the juris'diction. only having been given in '-the Circuit Court, the argument should be 'confined to that question. The Court hav-
ing advised upon the subject, directed the counsel to argue the point of jurisdiction only, as no other, than that had been
decided in the Court from Which the.'appealhad been taken. In the Circuit Court of Ohio, the defendant suggested, that,
M'Donald, the complainant in the bill, was not h 'citizen. of Ohio; and according to a practice'in the.Courts of the state of Ohio, under the 'authority of a, law'. of that state, interrogaiorids were exhibited to th complainant, to which answers were giveh. This law waspassed subsequent to the Act of Congress, establishing the judiciary system, and was admitted not to 'be authority in the Courts of 'the United States. The
facts stated' by the complMnidtj in answei to those interroghtories, with' other testimony, furnished the ground taken ;gainst-the jurisdiction of the Court.
On the 14th November 1823, Duncan M'Arthur conveyed, by deed of indenture, the land in controversy, to the coinplainant; the consider*atiqn expressed in the deed being-1100 dollars, the amount of a debt he owed to the complainant, for land purchased from him. In reply' to the interrogatory "whether he was the beneficial 'owner, or was prosecuting the suit for the benefit of some resident in,Ohio; and whether he is the real prosecutor of the suit, aid was so at its tommenceTuenh4 ol- whether his nkme w'as' used for the beniefit of a citizen of the state. of Ohio?," the cQmplainant answered, by referring to a letter from -Duncan M'Arthur to him, dated July 18th 1828. In that 'letter, Duncan M'Arthur offers to give.the land in question, 1266 acres, alleged to be-worth ive dollars per acre, tP pay a,debt of 1100 dollars; suggests ihat the title is goodi if' pfosecuted in 'the Federal .Coart; "but
state Judges do not understand land causes, and a claimant in the military district, might as well toss up heads and tails,
as sue in a state Court." It contains also thid suggestion; '1'shouldyou accept this offer, and not wish tp.'prosecute the claim yourself, you can make something handsome, I hav6 no doubt, by selling it to some of ybur neighbours;" and it con-
:ludes with offering "any assistance in -my power, shonld

6SUPREME

COURT.

(M'Donald =. Salhey et 4)
a suit be brought for recovery of the land'in the Circuit Court."
He jilso stated, in -his answer, that the deed under which
he claimed4was executed for the purpose-of giving jurisdiction to the Court of the United States; because he believed that Court safer than any other in the state of Ohio; thit the, contract was made by letter, of which he had not retained a. "copy;*sand, that at the time the deed was "wrtten," there was no special agreement between him and M'Arthui, but, perhaps, propositions b letter. "I give my bonds to a third party for a quit claim title to said lands, on condition of their
paying me. 1100 dollars." The complainant insisted, that the deed from M'Arthur, con-
veys to M'Donald such a title as will enable him to sustain the suit 14 a Federal Court;-that it is-sufficient, if. he has any in-
"terest;-thetb~y accepting the deed, M'Donald has been. paid his debt, and though he may be 'only mbrtgagee, he may sue in this Court.
The. respondents contended, that the answer of M'Donald, shows -thathe is-not the onmer of the Iaid; dkid his manner vf answering. leaves no doubt, but that the owner i4 a citizen of Ohio, and that the jurisdiction of the Court, therefore, cannot
bemaintained.
Mr. Baldwin,, and Mr. Dodridge, for the complainant.-It is-evideat, that the complainant-held the land, and,it was
not-material holy he held it. He ,had an Interest in the land, and was a citizen of Alabama. It is notse Isary that a party to su.in the-Courts of the United States, -shall be the sole' owner, if he is-beneficial-owner of a-part of the land;,if hef has any interest in the, lands it ,is Aufficient. The class of cases decided in the Citcuit Court of Pennsylvaiia, by Mr. Justice
Washiiton, h0 -establisHed the principle. Robert -Brown's jessee vs. Br6n, 1 Wash. Rep. 429. Here the interest in -the land is-certainly to the extent of the debt- ind the Court'wil sustiin the jurisdiction, although. the interest may not br com-
ynensur4te with 'the whole of the land. , It is important and np-, - cessary, and it was in the view of the -framers of the Constitution of the United Stales, that their tribunals should. be opened to those -whobn prejudice, or unjust, and unconstitutional legislation, in the states, might prevent from maintaining their- rights in the Courts of the states, and the Courts of the United States should favour such appeals. Titles may, and are sometimes bad in.a state, before a stafe Court, which areperfect under-the decisions of the-national Courts. Huidekper's lessee vs. Douglas, 1 Circuit Court Rep. 258. Mr. Dodridge also referred to cases, similar in principle, decided in the Courts of Virginia.

JANUA.RY. TEM 1828.

6n

(WDonald m. Smalley et al.)
Mr. Hammond, for the appellees.The inference to be drawn from the decisions of the Courts of Pennsylvania, is different from that which the complainants counsel deduces. The interferenceof the'Courts of .the United States in relation to titles tQ lands, so as to regulate tthem differently from' the laws of the state, -is to be deprecated; such property should be held.according to the decisions of the Courts of the state. The complainant has nothing but a mortage interest in the land, and such an interest cannot give jurisdiction to the Courts of the United States.
The engagement to gime a quit claim deed, coupled 'with the absence of proof to show that the deed to be' made was to another person than .M'Arthur, authorizes the assertfon that the whole arrangement was one intended only to aid M'Arthur h4 bringing his title before a Court of the, United States; and such a proceediog cannot be sustained.

Mr. Chief JuStice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.-
This suit was instituted in the Circuit Court of the.United States for the seventh Circuit, and district of Ohio, to obtain a
conveyance of a tractof land, lying in what is termed "the military district;" claimed by the complainant under a patent,
younger than that under which it is held by the defendants. The complainant ;3 a citizen of Alabama, and claims the land under a-conveyance irom Duncan M'Arthur, 'who is a citizen of Ohio. The defendants objected to the, jurisdiction of the Court; and afterbhearing the parties upon this point, the Court disniissed the bill, being of. opinion that its jurisdiction'could
not be sustained. From this decree, the complainant has ap' pealed4 and the cause is now before this Court on the question of jurisdiction.
The bill states the complainant to be- a citizen and resident of the state of Alabama, and the defendants to be citizens and residents of the state of Ohio. It has not been alleged and certainly cannot be alleged, that a citizen of 6ne state, haiing title to lands in another, is disabled from suing for those lands in the Courts of the. United States, by thd fact, that he derives-his title from a citizen of the state in which the lands lie': conse-
quently, the single inquiry must be, whethei the conveyance from M'Arthur to M'Donald Was real or fictitious?
The transaction, as laid before the'Court, appears to-be this;
M'Arthur was apprehensive that his title could notbe sustained in the Courts of the state, in which alone he could sue; and being indebted fp M'Donald in the sum of $1100, offered to
sell and convey to him the land in controversy, in payment of

SUPREME COURT.
(M'Donald s. Smalley et at.)
this debt. The letter in -which this offer was made, expresses the opinionr that his title was good, and Would most probably, be estabfished in' the Courts of the United States, but would fail in the Courts of the state. He estimates the property asbeing worth much 'more than the sum he is willing to take for it, but in.consequence of the difficulties attending the title, he is wilAling to convey it in satisfaction of the debt. He suggests., that if M'Donald should be'disinclined to engage in the controversy Limself, he might make an' advantageous sale to someof 1is neighbours. wh6 might be-dispoped ,toemigrate to Ohio; and
offers to render any service in his "power-to'the proprietor of
,the land, in the prosecution of. the claim'in the Courts of theUnited States.
The contract was concluded by a letter, 'written in answer to 'that which has been stated; of which'the.saidM'Donald retained no copy.. There was no special agreenientetween the plain-, tiff and M'Arthur" when the 'deed was wYritten, but perhaps some propositipn by letter. Hegaie'his bond to a third party for making a 'quit claim title to the land, on condition of receihg from' hih'elevdn huti-red dollars.
'isbsimpny,- whieh is all that was laid"befote the Court, shows, we think, a sale and conveyance io the plaintiff, which 'vas binding on both parties. M'Ddnald'Eoild not have main-
tained an action for his debt, nor M'Arthur a suit for his land.
His title to it was extinguished, and the eonsideration was re-
ceived. -The motiVes which induced him to -makethe contract, 'heher justifiable or qensurable, can have no influence on- its vialldity. They -were such as had sufficient influence with himsWlf, and he had, a right to act upon them. A Court cannot en'ter into them, *vhen deciding, on: its jurisdiction. The con-
,veyance appears to be-a real transaction, and the real as well As nominal parties to the suit,' are citizens'of different states.
The only pat of the testimony which caninspire doubt, respecting its being:an absolute, sale,' is' the admission that the plaiftiff gave, his bond to a't.hird party for a quit claim title to the lend, on payingin-him 10.' We are not informed who this third party was, nor do we.suppose it to die material. The title of M'Artbur' was vested in :the plaintiff tnd did not -pass OUt of'him by this bond.. 'A' su- picioxi may ezgist, that it was for 'M'Arthur. The Court cannrit act upon this suspeicion, .
But-'suppose the fact to be avowed, what influence could it
harye upon iejurisdiction-of the Court? It -would convert the coniveyance, which -on itg face -appears to' -be absolute, into a mtortgage.. But this would not affect the question. In-a'contest lbetween the mortgagor-ahnd mortgagee, being citizens of dii:
ifer'ent a'tates, it cannot be doubted that -an ejec'tment, or a bill

JANUARN TERM, 1828.

625

(MDonald vs. Smalley et a!)
to foreclose, may be brought by the mortgagee, residing in a different state, in a Court of the United States. Why then may he not sustain a suit in the same Court, against.-any other person being a citizen of the same state with the mortgagor. We can perceive *no reason why he should not. The case de-
pends, we think, on the question, whether the transaction between M'Arthur and M'Donald was real or fictitious ;and we perceive no reason to doubt its .reality, whether the deed be considered as absolute or as a mortgage.
A question has been made, whether the Circuit Court ought to-have noticed the testimony on the conveyance under which the plaintiff claims, because it was brought irregularly before them.
By a. law of the state, interrogatories may be propounded by the defendant In his answer, which the plaintiff is compelled to answer as if they had been propounded in a cross bill.
Although this point has become unimportant in this cause, the Court thinks it proper to say, that the rules 'which govern the practice of the Circuiit Courts in Chancery, have been prescribed by this Court, and ought to be observed.
We think there is error in the decree of the Circuit Court dismissing the complainar 's bill, and that the same ought to be
reversed, and the cause remanded for further proceedings ac-
cording to, law.

This case came on, &c. and was argued on the point of jurisdiction,obn coisideration whereof, This Court is ofopinion,
that there is error in the decree of the said Circuit Court dismissing the complainant's bill. It is therefore decreed, and ordered by this Court, that the decree of the said Circuit Court in this cause be and'the same is hereby reversed and annulled.
And it is further ordered, that the cause be remanded to the said CircuitCourt for further, proceedings to be had therein, according to law and justice.

VOL. L

SUPREME COURU

JAmEs JACKSON, Ex-DFuASsE opLAzY ANDERSON VS. JOHN CLARK AND ROyERnT ELLISON.

Construction of the Act of Congress passed March 2d 1807, entitled "An
Act to exteWd the time for locating Virginia military warrants, for returning surveys thereon to the office of the Secretary ef the Department of
War, and appropriating lands for the use of schools, in the Virginia military reservation, in lieu of those heretofore appropriated. {634} The reservation made by the law of Virginia of 1783, cedinF to Congress the territory north.west of the' river Ohio, is not a reservation of the whole tract of country between the river Scioto, and Little Miami. It is a reservat.ion of only-so much of it, as may be necessary to make up the deficiency

of got lands in the country set apart for the officers and soldiers of the Vhrgin~ia line, on the continental establishment, on the south-east side of the Ohio.' The residue of'the lands are ceded to the United States, as a common fund for hosetates, who were, or might becoementmbers of the Union, to be disposed of for that purpose. 6351 -Although te military ights constituted tie primary claim upon the tryst,
that claim was, according to the intentioA of the parties, so to be satisfied as still to keep in view the interests of the Union, which were also a vital object of the trust. This was only to be effected, by presribing the time in which the lands to be appropfiated by these claimants, should be spparated from the general mass, so to enable the government to apply the Ifrtehseidiughtto ethxeiestgeedneiria"lCpounagproessesstoofmptrheesrtirbuest.a{t6im35e} within which military

warrants should be located, the ight to annex coaitiona to its extension, follows as a necessary conseq~vence. {635}

Ifitle co~nceded that the proviso in the Act of 2d March 1807, wes npotin-

tended for the protection of surveys which were in themselve absolutely

void; it must he admitted that it was intended to protect those which were defective, a which might be aroided for irregularity. Imthis effect be

denied to the proviso, it becomes, itsel a ,nullity. e

f635

Lamndosn smuravsse,yeads,laanidesupnadtee.rntth~de.laIwt caasncnoomt pbleetsealyid wthitahtdtrhaewpnrofrhoimbittihoen, ctohrant

"no locatioshall be male on tracts of land for which patents had previ-

ously been issued, only for valid and

roergwulharicshuhrvaedyes.en Tphreevyioduidslryisuorrtveqeyudir,e"le,giwslaasntitveendaeidd.

The clause was introduced for the protectiuii ofdefective entries and surveys, which might b defeated by entries made in quiet times. 638}

ERROR to the Circuit Court f the, United States, for the district of Ohio.
Thepllaiutiff brought-an.action .fejectment, in the C;ircuit Court of Ohio, to recover" a tract~ of laud, situate in Adams county, in the Virginia' military district, and state of Ohio. On the trial of the cause, a bill 6f exceptions was tendered by the plaintiff; to the opinion of the Court upop the admissibility of certain testimony, ivhich was.offere~bythe plaintiff, and
he was rejected by the Court. "Tefacts of the case, with the matters which were the sub-

JANUARY -TERMi 1828.

629

(Jackson m. Clark et al:)
ct of the plaintiff's exceptions,' appear in the opinioni of. the
tourt. *
The case was argued by Mr. Leonard- and Mr. Hammond, for the'plaintiff in errorvand by Mr. Creightofi and Mi twing, for the 'defendants.
The argument of the counsel of the plaintiff in error.wOs
principally-upon these points. -1. Congress could not rightfully-limit the time withiA which
military warrants ,should be. located and surveyed. . The Act of ,Congress, prohibiting locations on lands al-
ready strveyed, and, declaring any patent which should be issued on such survey void, does not comprehend the survey in this case.
Mr.Leonardl and Mr.'Hammond, insisted: the proviso of the Act of 2d March 1807, was simply degigned to protectvoidaie surveys, not those absolutely void. Before the, statute, surveys made in defective locations, or not executed in conformity, -*eke voidable, but might be-carried into grant, and the grants issued. thereon, were without the aid of the Act,; appropriations'of tle land.
These *ere the principal evils in the country, demnanding legislaiiye interference, and led to the'enactneit oftlie s;t: tute. And this places all voidable surveys, which .miglht be
Patented, on.the same fdotifig as if' they were patented, so far as to prevent subsequent appropriation, -but.does not coveir with it§ 'protection, surveys on which grants.can never issue.-.
The authority of the iurveyor to make a survey, is derived solely from. the warrant; and surveys executed without war,rants, are void. This is-apparent'froj 'all. the laws- df. Virginia relative to tht subject and from-the coinmon practice and universal understanding nf. those; laws, and' the decisions 'of the 'Courts. By the Act of 9th Sune 1794, 'now in force, no patent can issue on-the defendant's survey.
On the construction of defehdanth, the proviso will operate as a virtual repeal of that Act, aid giv&such validity.to'these' surveys,. as lto'remoyb -the necessity of obtaining grants; or otherwise, by preventing subsequent locations, vest the land in the United States. 'The"lAtter construction would'be: 'an infringement of the compact between Virginia. 'and the: United States, and a refusal to execute it in good faith; '
If Congress can limit the time within'which locations may be made; they are bound to execute'the'power with the utmost
honour, anf nbt apply a limitation to one pirt f the dtrict, without extendiny it to all. Much less are-theyl athorizod, un. der colour of limiting the time, .to appropriate-.the land. to-'eir o'#n use. None will presume, such ill faith ii- Cofigress. The VirgiEna troops,acquired a right, and at the price bf blood, to

SUPREME COURT.
(jickson w. Clark et l)
compensatibn.in'land, by the-express stipulation of that statt Virginia did no cede- the north-west territory to the Unfon, until the United States engaged to make good the compensa. tion, out of the reservation. The faith- of two sovereigns, has pledged -the military district to these troops. - The whole course of the legislation of Congressr, evinces that it wds not their-design to authorize locations, -or surveyq, Withoutmlitary warrants, or for more -land than is embraced in thdm, It cannot. be supposed, that it'was the design of the proviso to. protect suftey- wfiolly unauthorized, on which grants -can never issue; -but to protect' surveys that are irreguloafr,:-Vdeirfgeicntiivae,prvootiedcatbinleg~aonld. wmhiliictharmy isguhrvt ebyes,paitse-natsesdt.roTnghley Aecxtpressed" as the proviso, bout lies always been herd to apply only to those fouanded- upon warrants.
A sale-of land bSy-title bond,- and- location afterwardsmade, dos not vest the purchaser-with title in t·he warrant or entry. Afhe purchaser reposes ontfidetnce in the vendor,- and if this
confidenace 4s nmisplaced, the-purchaser, and not the governmenl, must sustain "the loss -The purchaser can 1o~k to his bond for"indeiinity. Massi was then thle proprietor, and, had
.the right-to elect either. of these locations, and by recording .t-sus~yey -of the earlier, be iiohind himself, and .abandoned the .latter. The, taicing out"the w*arrant, and the plots of survey, as on a satisfied- warrant, is a stlemn act of a an !onment The recorded survdy, and not the sur~vey executed on the oground, is -protected by the prQviso..:The recording a survey, after the satisfied warrant with tbhe~plots of survey are taken from the office, "is.a void act. A new eutry cannot be held a withdrawal of one prior; or, if.so- it P~ainotbe held a withdrawal oQfa sur-' vey .ecorded" when the plot in takexi from "the office, and espedally -whe, not- return~d; and: thus a survey of 555 acres, xnade on only 4i05 acr'es .of locatedi warrant,"the residue oqf the 55-3 acres- being surveyed, r-ecorded, the .pIots taken out of the .ffi~ce,.und notgreturned,'is not sh~ededby the proviso.
·He -cited, among othier case, Taylor' Lessee 17. .Myers, 7 ) h at. 3 Kerr vs. Watts, 6 4zWheat. 55(3 Mathie vs. Potts, 6 Cranch, Taylor and another vs. Brqwn, 5 Cranch, Wilson vs. Mason, 1 Cranch, Hickman vs.- Hofiman, and Estill's Heirs -" Haret'sHeirs, Hai~d'4#R]oeprls,y. 8 ,8,o ,d's rce.'qtct
D)edaona",- Johnson ~vs. Buflington, 2 Wash. Rep., Holt's Heirs
vs. Hemphile's Heirs, 5 ool- ,Ohio Rteports, and referred to wtm' Collection of Ohio -La~d Lawvs, under the head of J'irgi-
nia militark, ka MVr. Crei'ghton, ar~d Mr. E-wing, for the de'fendants in error.
contended.In the case presented "bythe record and bill ofx exception;

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

6sl

CJackson vs. Clark et'al.)
the counsel for the defendants insist, that they are prbtected'hy the proviso of the Act of Congr ss of th'e 2d Mtrdh 1807, entitled an Act to extend the time or locating Virginia military. warrants, -for-returning surveys, &c.; and subsequent Acts of Congress on the same subject, containing the same -proviso; and that the patent obtained by the plaintiff is ".null and void."
The United States, under the deed of cession of 1784, from.
Virginia, held the Virginia military district in trust for the Virginia claimants. The surplus, subject to sale, as othet lands
belonging to the United States. In the execution of these trusts, the Congress of the United
States, on the 23d of March 1804, passed an Act limiting.lo-. cations in the Virginia military district to three .years, and five years to execute and return surveys.
The holders of warrants asked/an extension of the time. When the Act of the 2d March 1807 was passed, extending the period for making locations and ieturning surveys, the proviso on which the defendants' rely, was introduced, and.has been retained in all the subsequent Acts -f Congress o that subject.
The power of Congress to limit the period for mnaking locations and surveys in this district, (exertised since- the year 1804,), heretofore has never been questioned. In the exercise of
an undoubted power, the object and policy of the, national legislature iin the introduction of the proViso cannot be mistaken, in exoluding from .location. "land for Which .patents. had previously been issued, or which had' been previously surveyed." The survey claimed by the defendants, is a subsisting sur.vey, which -has never been abandoned or withdrawn, and comes expressly-withinthe doctrine laid-down. by the Court in the case of Taylor's lessee v3. Myers, 7. Wi at.. 23. "Thepro-
triso in the Act of March 2d 1807,;-w ch annuls- all locations made on lands pre~iously, surveyed, applies to subistilg sifrveys-to tbose in. which an interest is -claimed." The Act places 'surveya on .the samA footing with -patents, -for -all-the purpose of.defince in.trials at law. -A patent is a, title from its date, and. conclusive against all those whose ights did not
cblmmence previous to its emanation., Hoofnagle and others vs. Anderson, -"Whea. -212. In the action of ejectinent in Ohio,
the parties are-never permitted to go -behind the patent. The same rule applies under this Act -tosurveys.
The class of cases referred to, and relied on by the plain-
-liff's counsel, are cases in chancery, where it is the appropriate-dutyof 'the.Court to go behind the paten or survey..
Whether a patent can be obtained by the defendants on heir
survey, will-be a question between, them, ad -the .government.

6302

SUPREME COURT.

(Jackson vs. Clark et a!.)
whenever the government shall, make provision to inquire into the claim. It can never be a question between the plaintiff and defendants. It is -sufficient for the defendants in this contoversy, that theyhaveea 8istinigsurvey,cdaimedby them, and that the patent obtained by the plaintiff-has been procured in contr'avention of the positiye provisions oi. the Act, and is "null
and void." If it were admissible to go. into' the inquiry desird by the
plaintilT it will be seen, that when Nathaniel Massie sold the land in question t'o the defendants, and at the.time he made the entry and survey,, he owned 403 acres, part ;bf Leven .Powell.s warrant, and 150 acres, part of Thomis Goodwin's warrant making 553 acres, the precise ouantity in/the entry tnd,survey.
If the bjection to the defendants' title exists, as suggested by. the plaintiff's counsel, the facts disclosed in the evidence offered, by him,"present a'case where a Court of Equity would giv6 to the defendants ample relief. "

.Mr. Chief JuStice'MAnSu4L delivered 'the 'opinion of the
Court.-'
This is an ejectment brought-by the plaintiff in error, in the
Court of the United States for the seveuth circuit'and district of Ohio, to recoyer a tract of land lymg in the military district.
The plaintiff offered, as his utle, a patent from, the goverument of the'United States4 bearing date the 10th of November 1894.
The defendants then introduced a certified copy of an entry and: survey of the lands in controversy, sworn to by RichardG. Anderson,'the principal surveyor of the Virginia military district; the survey purporting'to haye been made on the 10th of October 1796, and recorded on the15th of April 1812, founded on an entry, bearing date the 19th day of July 1796, for 55S acres of lanal in the name of Nathaniel Massie, assignee, numbered 2744,.and founded upon Leven Powell's 'Warrant, for 2000 acres, No..3598, andThopias Goodwin's warrant for 200 acres, No. 1930. It whs. adnittd,.that the defendants were purchas-
ers'fbom Massie, pe'orto-the year 1796; entered into possession of the premises une.er the'said purchases, and. received a'conveyance from him, before the year &12. It was also admitted, that the plaintiff's;entiy was made on the 10th of June 1824, and his survey on the 20th of the same month;
The defendant relied on this survey, and on the proviso of the Act passed the 2d of,Maxch 1807, entitled ." An'Act to extend the time for locatifig Virginia military warrants, &c." This Act annexes 'the foll6wing proviso to the 'permiission it

JANUARY TERM, 1828..

633

(Jackson vs. Clark et al.)

grants to obtain warrants for military service, and to make locations within the military district.--" Provided, that no locations as aforesaid, within the aforesaid mentioned *tract,shall, after the passing of this Act, be made on tracts of land for which patents had previously been issued, or which had been previously surveyed, and any patent which may,.uevertheless, le obtained for land located contrary to the provifsons of this section, shall be considered as nult.and void."
To show that the survey set up by the defendants was not
protected by the proviso in the Act of Congress, the plaintiff offered to prove, that the warrants on which it was-founded were satisfied bef6re that entry was made. For this purpose,' he offered in evidence, two entries, amounting to 1597 acres, on Powell's warrant, made in Powell's name the S0th of December 1791, surveyed by Massie on the 3d of January 179 , th6 survey recorded on the 10th of the same month; plots and certificates taken from the office by Massie, the 11th of July
1795, and a patent issued to him on the. 19th September 1799; also an entry for 403 acres, the residue of Powell's warrant, made in the name of Nathaniel Massie, on the 97th of January 1795, surveyed on the 27th December 1796, the survey recorded on the 9th of June 1797; the plot and certificate, together with the warrant supposed to be satisfied, taken out of the office by Massie, on the 14th of June 1797, arid a patent issuec
to his leirs on the 3d of December 1814. . He also offered in evidence, an entry for hity acres made or, Thomas Goodwin's warrant, in the name of John Walkerras-
signee, the 17th of September 1795, surveyed the S0th" of .March 1820, and patented on the 19th of November 18.25; also
an entry for.150 acres, the residue of the said warrant, made on the 16th of June 1795, in the name of the said Massie, sur-
veyed on the 1st of July in the same year; survey recorded the 10th of the same month, and a patent issued to, Massie on the 15th of February 1800.
The plaintiff also offered the deposition of Richard C. An-
derson, the principal surveyor, who deposed, that the survey of 553 acres, which was given in evidence by the defendants, was illegally made, and admitted by him ignorantly and improperly, to record; and that he had marked the same on the record of his office, "error;" but he does not state the time
when this mark was made. He adds,that he had refused to grant a plot, and certificate of survey, being of opinion that
the whole of the warrants had been previously satisfied. The defendants moved the Court to reject the authenticated

copies, and testimony aforesaid, as inadmissible evidence; which motion was granted by the Court, upon the ground that

the Act of Congress confirmed the survey of the defendants,

VOL. L

4 L

634

StIPRIME COURT.

(Jackson vs. Clark et aL.)
Wnd annulled the plaintiff's. patent. An exception was taken to this opinion. A verdict and judgment having been given for the defendants, the plaintiff has brought.the cause intp his Court by writ of error.
Two points have been made by the counsel fdr the plaintiff.
They contend1. That Congress could not; rightfully, limit the time withia
which military warrants should be located and surveyed. 2. That the Act'of Congress,. prohibiting locations on lands.
already surveyed, and declaring, any' patent which should be issued,on.such' survey Void, does-notdomprehend the survey in this case.
The fift point to be considered, is. the objection to the limitati n of,time prescribed, by Congress, within which the -iilitary warrants granted by Virginia' should- be locatedi The plaintiff contends thattno limitation 4n be fited.
In the October session'of 1783, the legislature of 'Virginia
,passed an Act ceding to'Congress the territor claimod by that state, lying north-west of the riverObio, under certain reservatlofis and conditions, in the At mentioned. One ofthese was, "That in case the quantity orgood land on the'south-east side
of the Ohio, upon the waters of the Cumberland -river, and between the Green river and Tennessegj which.has been reserved by law for the -VIiginia troops, on the continental establsh-
.ment, should, from the'North Carolina hue bearing in farther upon the Cumberland lands than was expected, prove insufficient for their legal bounties; the deficiency should be made up to.the "Eaidtroops in good lands to be laid. off between the. rivel.s Scioto and Little Miami, on the north-west side of -the river Ohio, ;n such.proportions a's have been engaged to them by the laws .of Virginia.'
This is not a'reservation of the whole tract of country-lying 'betwein the rivers Scidto and Little Miami. It is a reservation of only so much of'it,- as may be necessary to make up the deficiency of good lands in the country set apart for the officers and soldiers, of the Virginia line, on"the continental esiablishment, on'the south-east side, of the Ohio, The reservation is
made in terms which-indicate:sotie doubt respecting the exist-' eiice-of'the deficiency, snd ah opinion- that it will not be very considerable.- Subsequent'res iiiions of 'thieVirginiia legislaturep have added very mnch'to the amdimt-of these bountia, The r sidue of the lands are ceded to the United -Statesfor the benetit of the said states,' to be considered as a cotomonfund ftr the use and benefit of such of 'the United States, as-have becomn, or iall become, members bf- the confederation or federad'alliance-of the said state s, Virginia inclsiv , -atoording to their usual eesped~te propordon& the geeral charge ad

JANUARY ,TERM, 1828.

635

(Jackson vs. Clark et aL)
expenditure; ant shall be faithfully, and nafide, disposed o£. for that p tarponsde,for no other use or purpose whatever."
The government of the United States then received this.territory in trust, not only for the Virginia troops onthe coninental establish ent, but also for the use and benent of themenbets of the confederation; and thi&tust is to be executed.." by a ofsithful and bonajide" disposition of the and, for that purposetheWhUenciatendnotSttaatkees, wrietthroouspt epcetricveeivdivnigew othf ethiemtphoerntasnitcueatwiotnilcohf.
must have been attached t this paort of the trust. A heavy foreg and domestic debt, part of theprice pat ftr independence pressed upon the government; and the vacant lands constituted the only certain-fund for its discharge. Althougl
then, the military rights constituted the primarytf im on th trust, that claim was, according to the intention of the parties, so t9 be satisfed as still to keep in view that other object wbyhipcrheswcraisbianlsgo- tohfe vtiitmalein'.tveirtheisnt. wThhicshwtahseto1s.bnedsetloecbteedapopnrlyo,-. pr~ateL by these claimants, should be separated from the gene-"
ral mass, so as to enable the goverfilent to apply the residj.e,' which it was then supposed would be considerable, to the other
purposes'of the trast. .The time ought certainly to be liberal
,But unless some time might be prescribed, the other purposes, of the trust would be totally, defeated; and the surplus land remain a wilderness.
This reasonable, and, we think, necessary, construction, has met with general acquiescence. -Congress has acted upon i4 and has acted in such a manner as not to excite complaints, either in the state of Virginia, or the holders of military warrants.
If the -right existed to prescribe a time within which military warrants should be located, the right to annex conditions to its extension follows as a necessary consequence. The condition annexed, by Congress has been calculated for the sole purpose of preserving the peace and quiet-of the inhabitants,, by securing titles previously acquired. We are to inquire, whether the case of the defendants is within it.
2. It has been contended, that the prohibition in the Act of the Sd-of March 1807, to make locations on lands which had been previously surveyed, does not extend to the survey of the defendants, because that survey was made on warrants which' had been previously satis~ed, The word "sur-vey," as usei in the law, is not satisfied by the mere circumstance that a chain has followed a compass round a paticular piece of. ground; but requires that it should be made in virtue of a, wariant for the purpose of appropriating land, to which the holder of that warrant is entitled by lawi. Thie warrant can be in authority

SUPREME COURT
(Jackson vs. Clark et al.)
for surveying and appropriating so much land oiily, as it professes to grant; and this ncccssary limitation, could it require confirmation, is confirmed by the Act of the 9th of June 1794, which regulates the manner of issuing patents on surveys for less than the _whole quantity of land specified in the we-rant. That Act contains a proviso, "That no letters patent shall bc
issued for a greater quantity of land than shall appear to remain dueon such warrants." As patents had issued fon.the *hole quantity of land specified in the warrants on which tKj survey of the defendants professes to be fbunded, previous to the entry of the plaintiff, no patent could at that time have beefi obtained by the defendants; and therefore, the saving in the statute could not have been intended for their survey. . The Court has, felt thd weight of this argument, and hasbestoed upon'it the most deliberate consideration.
The Act of the 23d of March 1804, is the first Act which prescribes the time within which the holders of military warrants shall make their locations andsurveys. That Act requires that the locations shall be made within three years from its passage. On the 2d of March '1807, the first Act was passed giving a farther time of three years for making locations, and of five years for returning survets. This Act contains the proviso of which the defendants claim the benefit. In every Act which has been since passed, prolonging the time for making entiies and returning surveys on military warrants; the same proviso has been introduced. It was enacted in March 1807, and has continued in force ever since. It constitutes a limitation to the right given by all subsequent laws, to locate and survey military warrants.
If it be conceded, that this proviso was not intended for the protection of surveys Which werp in themselves absolutely void, it must be admitted that it was intended to protect those which were defective, and which might be avoided for irregularity, If this effect be denied to the proviso, it'becomes itself a nullity. We must therefore inquire, towhich class the survey of the defendants belongs.
Nathaniel Massie was probably the proprietor of Leven Powell's whole warrant of 2000 acres, certainly of 403 acres part thereof, when he made the entry under which the defendants claim. He was also the proprietor of 150 acres, part of Thomas Goodwin's warrant. We'say he.was at that time the proprietor ,of those warrants, because he made an entry for 403 acres, part of Powell's warrant,' in his own name, on the 27th of January 1795, and an entry for 150 acres, part of Goodwin's 'warrant, in his own name, on the 16th of June-1795; both whichentries were afterwards surveyed and patented for.himself and his-heirs. These two etries amount to 553 acres, the

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

637

(Jackson vs. Clark et al.)
quantity for which the entry sold to the defendants -was made. Being thus the proprietor of both these entries, and of the warrants on which they were founded, he makes an entry in his own name, on the 19th July 1796, for the same quantity of 553
acres. This last entry, the warrants being satisfie4 if the previous entries remained in force, was inconsistent with the two preceding entries. It ought not to liave beenmade by him nor allowed by the principal surveyor, unless those preceding entries were withdrawn. According to the usage of the office, as stated in Taylor's Lessee vs. Myers, 7 Wheat. 3, Massie had the power to withdraw them. Had he expressed to the Surveyor General his wish to withdraw them, and to re-enter the. warrants, his wish would not have been opposed. But, without. expressing this wish, so far as the case shows, he made the entry in question. This act was lawful-if the two preceding entries were removed; unlawful if they sto6d. The officers of the government did their duty, if this entry displaced the two which precelled it; but violated their duty, if it had not this effect. Unquestionably, in an office regularly kept, the withdrawal of an entry ought to appear upon thd'record; but had this office been regularly kept, the last entry could not have been allowed, unless accompanied by a withdrawal of those which were inconsistent with it. - Had Nathaniel Massie transferred his right to the two last preceding entries, previous to the time of making this for the defendants, so that the contest was between purchasers;.the prior entries could not have been affected by his subsequent act. But he had not transferred his right to them; the.contest, had one arisen, wbuld not hive been between purchasers, but between a purchaser, and the wrongdoer'himself. Can jt be doubted how such a controversy would have terminated? Nathaniel Massie, being the,proprietor of 553 acres of military land warrants, enters them on lands 'which they might latvfully appropriate; afterwards, possessing a.perfect right to cancel this.entry, and, locate the warrants elsewhere, he does locate them elsewhere, and sells this location to a purchaser for a valuable consideration§ without notice. It cannot, we think, be doubted that a Court of Equity would at any time, while Massie remained the owner, of'the prior entries, relieve such purZhaser, by annulling the entries which obstructed the title of-the purchaser; or decreeing that Massie should withdraw them, or enjoining him from carrying them into grant. ,Had the plot and certificate of survey, with the accompanying vouchers required by law, been prespnted by the defendants, previous to the pro. ceedings taken by Massie to obtain patents for himself, a grant would have issued to the defendants. Their survey thefi, was not an absolute nullity. It might have -been zupported in a,

SUPREME COURT.
(Jacksan w. Clrk et al.)
Court of-Equity; and had the defendants, instead of trusting, as they probably did, to Massie for a title, been diligent in the pursuir of it, themselves, they might, pirhaps, have obtained - one from the Vnited States.
This was not a fictitious,, but an actual survey, made a early as the year 1796, by a regular officer, for one owning the warrants on which the entry purports to be made, and having at the time, full power to give complete validity both to the entry and survey.. No circumstance attended them which could enable a purchaser to detect the *latentdefect. The survey having every appearance of fairness and validity given, to it by the regular officers of the government, is sold, at least as early as the year 1796, to persons who take possession of it, and have retained possession ever since. Why should not the proviso in the Act of Congress apply to the case? The words taken literally, certainly apply to it.. "N o locitions shall be made on tracts of land 'for which patents had previously been issued, or which had been previously surveyed." Had a patent been previously 'issued
on this very survey, this contest could never have arisen. Does tLhe language of the clause. furnish any distinction between the patent and the survey? If it'be a surey, there is none.'- Lands surveyed are as completely withdrawn, as lands patented-froi , subsequent location.
It cannot be said, tht the prohibition was intended only for
valid and regular surveys. They did not require legislative aid. It 'was knoWn that the military district abounded with defective entries-and surveys, which might be'defeated by entries made in-more quiet times, with better'knowledge of the requisites of law, This clause was introduced for their protection. It was, most truly, an enactment of repose. A survey made by the proper officer, professing.to be made on real warratnts; bearing upon its face every mark of.regularity and validity, presented a barrier to the .approach of the, location, which he was not permitted to pass; which he was not at liberty to examine. Had the survey been made on land not.previously located, it would have been as destitute of validity as it is now supposed to be. Yet it is admitted, that though it should not cover one fqot of the location, the land surveyed could not be appropriated by a subsequent locator. The illegality of the survey would not have been examinable by him.
We cannot draw the distinction, between such a case and
this. Congress does not appear to have drawn it. They are both surveys xmade by the regular officers on military ward rants.
It may be, that the defendants may never be able to perfecttheir title(' The land may be yet subjectto the disposition of Congress. It is enough for the present case to say, that as we

JANUARY TERM, 1898.

689

(Jackson vs. Clark et al.)
understand the Act of Congress, it was not liable to location
when the plaintiff's entry was made. We have not noticed the testimony of the principal surveyor,
because we do not think it affects the case.. The word "1error" was written on the face of the plot, we know not when; certainly after it was recorded, and after the Certificate exhibited by the defendant at the trial had been given. It manifests his opinion that he acted improperly in admitting the survey to
record, but that o inion cannot affect the case. The great original impropriety was in omitting to require that the previous entries made in the name of Massie, should be withdrawn, ex-
pressly, when this entry was made. This case is not, we think, like Taylor's Lessee vs. Meyers,
reported in7 Wlzeat. 2S. In that case the owner had openly abandoned his location and survey, and had placed his warrant ,on other land.' In such case, the land was universally considered as returning to the mass of vacant land, and becoming, like other vacant land, subject to appropriation. A person having no interest in the original survey, Attempted to set it up
against a subsequent' locator, under the proviso in the Act of Congress which has 'been stated. The Court said, "the proviso of that Act, which annuls all locations made on lands previously surveyed, applies to subsisting surveys; to those in which an interest is claimed, not to those which have been abandoned, and in which no person has an interest." This survey has not been abandoned by any person having title to it, and the defendants still have an interest in it.

We think there Is no error in the decree, and that it ought to be affirmed.

SUPREME COURT
JOSEPH MANDEVILLE, ONE OF THE FIRM OF RICHARD SLADEo
& Co., PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, )8. GEORGE HOLEY AND THO-
MAS SUCKLEY, JOINT MERCHANTS IN TRADE, UNDER THE FIRM
OF HOLEY k SUCKLEY, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR.
Under the law of Virginia, a confession of judgment by the defendant, is a release of errors.
ERROR to the Circuit Court for the county of Alexandia. An action was instituted in the Circuit Court for the district of Columbia, by the defendants in error, against Richard Slade, James Anderson, and the plaintiff in error, trading under the firm of Richard Slade & Co.; and the suit having abated, as to Slade, by his death, and by return, as to Anderson, it-was prosecuted against Joseph Mandeville only. The declaration contained the usual money counts, and the damages were laid at ten thousand five hundred dollars. By consent of parties, an order was made by the Court, referring the accounts to the Auditor of the Court, to state and report them to the Court; this report to be subject to exceptions; and when the report should be settled, then the same to be substituted for a trial by jury, and a judgment to be entered for the whole sum, which should be finally ascertained by the Court to be due. The Auditor reported a balance of 24031. 28. 6d., of which 1860. 6s. 7d. was principal, to be due to the plaintiff below-which, with the exchange, amounted to eleven thousand six hundred and ninety-five dollars and twenty cents, deducting the interest included in the balance reported by the Auditor; the principal of the debt found to be due, was less than the dama ges laid in the declaration. No exceptions having been filed, Mandeville, the plaintiff in error; at a term subsequent to the report, came in, and confessed a judgment for the sum reported, with interest, from the 7th of December 1824. Mr. Swann, for plaintiff in error. Mr. Taylor, for defendants in error. Mr. Swann.-The writ issued i, a case, is no part of the record, unless oyer of it is craved; and the confession of judgment goes to the declaration, in which, the damages claimed, are stated to be 10,500 dollars. Upon the confession of judgment for 11,695 dollars'20 cents, the Couirt gave a judgment which was erroneous, as to this sum, beyond the amount claimed in the declaration. The law of Virginia, which authorizes a jury to give damages, as the principal of the debt, to the amount laid in the declarationi and to allow interest from a preceding peri-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

137

(Mandeville vs. Suckley et a].)
od, making the whole amount of the verdict greater than the damages in the declaration, does not apply in this case, as the debt is a sterling debt.
If ihis judgnent is sustained, the plaintiff in error will be compelled to pay interest upon interest, as both principal and
interest are included in the sum allowed by the Auditor. The verdict of a jury, giving the principal and interest from a particular day, on the same, would have had a different effect.
Mr. Taylor, for defendants in error., The Court should allow the defendants damages upon the amount of the judgment, as the plaintiff ii error was not jusfified in thus proceeding against his own confession of judgment, and its whole purpose was delay. The form of the confession of iudgment is such as is usual; and it is the same form of judgment, as upon the verdict of a jury. The law of Virginia authorizes a jury to give damages, which may, in the whole amount, exceed the damages laid in the declaration. The interest being stated to commence at a period an-
terior to the day of trial, a party may come in, and agree to enlarge damages. By the Act of Assembly, in Virginia, in 1792, a judgment by confession is equivalent to a release of
errors.

.Mr. Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.-
The Court are satisfied in this case, that under the law of Virginia, a confession of judgment by the plaintiff in error in the original suit, is a release of errors.

Judgment affirmed, with costs and .lamages, at the rate of ix. per centum per annum.

VOL. 1.

SUPRED&E COURT-
ROBERT STEELE'S LESSEL, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, V . JESSE SPENCER AND OT{ERS, DEFIDANTS' IN ERROR.
A decree of the Supreme Court of Ohio ordered that the patentee of a certain tract of land. should, within six months, make a deed, &c. with covenants of warranty ronveying a portion of the land held under a patent to the complainants in that suit, and on the failure of A to make the said deed, &c. "that then and in that case, the complainant shall hold possess and enjoy the said portion of land, in as full and ample a manner, as ifthe same had bheen conveyed to him." The decree of the Supreme Court of Ohio, by which a conveyance of land is directed to be made, the decree being according to the laws of Ohio, vested in those to whom the deed was ordered to be made, sucha legal title to the land to have been conveyed by the deed as would have been vested by a deed of equal date; -and the re. gistry Act of Ohio applies %,swell to a title under such a decree, as it would do, if the party held under a bona fide deed of the same date with the patent of the land, and the decree gives a legal title as ample as a deed. {5581
The registry Act of Ohio directs that all deeds made within the state shall be recorded within six naonths ftom the time of the actual execution thereof, and declares, that if any such deed shall not be recorded in the County where the land lies, within the limits alowed by the law, "the same shall be deemed fraudulent and veid, against any subsequent pur
- chaser for a valuable consideration without notice of"such deed. {559 In the construction of the registry Act of Ohio, the term "purchasers," is
usually taken in its limited legal sense. It means a complete purchaser, or in other words, a purchaser clothed with a legal title. 15591 It is not necessary that a deed made to a subsequent bone fide purchaser without notice shall be recorded to give it operation against a prior un, recorded deed, as by the provisions of the registry Acts the prior deed is declared in itself absolutely void as against such parchascr. {5601 Whether erasures ahd alterations in a deed are matecial or not, is a question oflaw to be decided by the Court. 15601 The 6onstruction of words belongs to the Court, and the materiality of an alteration in a deed, is a question of construction. [561s
THIS was a writ of error to the Cii'cuit Court of the United
States for the district of Ohio, 'to reverse the judgment of that Courtin favour of the defendant in error, in an action of ejectment instituted by the plaintiff in error, to recover a tract of land in Perry cbunty, i the state of Ohio.
The title claimed and exhibited by the plaintiff in the ejectment, was originally derived under a patent from the United Sttes to Jesse Spencer, dated November 15th 1811; wlo with George Spencer and others, were the heirs at law of Thoma:Spencer deceased; and in order to show the title acquired bt the patent, he offered in vidence a deed from Jesse Spencer. the patentee, and Catharine his wife; to Willizim Steele. pur-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

553

(Steele's Lessee vs. Spencer et Al.)

porting to bear date the 20th of January 1818; and which ap-

peared on that day by the certificate on the deed, to have been
acknQwledged before a justice of the peace. "William Fulton, bne of the subscribing witnesses, proved, that he attested the
deed in the office of Jesse Spencer, but could not state when; that William Steele was not present; that he knew nothing of

the purchase of the land by William Steele from Jesse'Spencer; and that he saw no more of the deed, until about one year ago,

when Spencer and Steele were together, and Spfencer produced the deed to 'see if the witness would recognise his signature." Wherever the name of William Steele appeared,. either in the body of the deed, or the- label thereon; it manifestly appeared to have, been written on an etasure, and with ink of a different colour, as did the words "Ross" and "Ohio," in describing the place of residence of said Steele. ' The alterations on the face of the deed were not accounted for by any testimony. This deed was not recorded in the county where the land lies, or elsewhere. The plaintiff further offered in evidence, a deed from William Steele, and Sarah his wife, to Robert Steele the lessor

of the plaintiff, bearing date the 7th of July A. D. 1821. Also, the deposition of John Daragh, to prove the-execution of said

deed; which deed and the certificate and acknowledgment thereon, and also the deposition of John Daragh,. were also not re-

corded..

The defendants in the ejectment were in possession of the land, and they claimed to hold it under a decree of the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, for Ross county, sitting in Chance-

ry, rendered on the 3d of January 1820, in a proceeding by a bill filed in.Perry county, and, under advisement in Ross coun-

ty, by the heirs of Thomas Spencer, deceased, against Jesse Spencer and others, by which decree Jesse Spencer was order-
ed to convey the land in controversy, to certain of the parties in. the said bill, upon their full compliance with the terms and conditions stated in the said decree. The decree also proceeds as

follows: " It is further ordered and decreed, that if the complainants shall within the time specified, deposit and pay to the

clerk of Perry county aforesaid, the several sums of money

aforesaid, and interest thereon, as aforesaid, and the defendant,

Jesse Spencer, shall fail to make out, execute and deliver to said clerk, a deed for nine-tenths of the land aforesaid, within the
times aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, that then and in that case,

the heirs at law aforesaid, to whom the land aforesaid is decreed to be conveyed, in manner aforesaid, shall hold, possess and en-

joy, nine-tenths of the half section aforesaid, to them, their heirs,

and assigns for ever, in as full and ample a manner as though the same were conveyed to them by the said Jesse Spencer, defendant,

in manner aforesaid." "It is further ordered. th.04tJsse Spencer,

, rO.L, i

4 A

554

SUPREME COURT.

(Steele's Lessee s. Spencer et al.)
the defendant, pay the costs of the suit-in seven months from the date of *thisdecree; And ifhe fail so.to do, that then execution or executions issue in the same manner as executions issue on judgments' at'law. It is further ordered and decreed, that the bill as to the other two defendants, to wit, William Spencer and James Spencer,is dismissed without costs, and that the' clerk of the Supreme Court for Ross county, enter this decree of record in the said Supreme Court of Ross county, and that he transmit a copy of this decree to the clerk of the Supreme Court of Perry county, it being in the same county from which this cause-was removed here or decision, .and that ,the same be entered of record in the Supreme Court of the said county df Perry, in.the same manner ib-if the cause had been there heard and decreed. Itis further ordered and decreed, that if the money is not paid and deposited in manner aforesaid, and within the timeaf6resaid, that then these complainants shall ay all the costs of the suit."
The defendants also exhibited evidence.of their having fully
complied with all the requisites of the said decree, by the payment of the sum of 524 dollars, the amount decreed -to be paid; and also that the decree was duly recorded in the proper office for recording of deeds of the county of Perry, on the 24th July 1822.
After the evidence was closed, the Court, on the motion of the counsel for "thedefendants, instructed the jury as follows:-
1. That the decree of the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, given in evidence in this cause by the defendants, vested in them such a legal title to the land in question, as would have been conveyed .by deed of equal date from Jesse Spencer, the patentee, and that the registry Act of Ohio,. applies as well to the title of the defendants, under the said decree, as it would do if they hdld under a bona fida deed, of the same date from the
said .liatentee. 2. That if the eldor deed be not recorded within the time
spdcified by the- registry Act of Ohio, it is wlolly void, as to subsequefit bonaflde purchasers, without notice of the existence
6f such deed. 5. That it the deed from Jdsse Spencer to William Steeie,
was altered in a material part, after it was sealed, attested, and acknowledged, such alterations absolutely avoid the deed, and it can convey no title to the lessor of the plaintiff The counsel of the defendantobjected to those parts of the instructions contained in the first and second specifications. They submitted to this Court the following points:.-
1. The Court below erred in charging the jury,, that the registry Act of Ohio applies-as well to the title of the defend-

IANUARY TERM, 18.

555

'(Steele's Lessee w. Spender et aL)
ants, under the decree set forth in the bill of exceptions, as if they held under a bonafide deed of the same date.
,2. The Court below-erred in charging the jury, that if the deed fro u Jesse Spencer to William Steele, w~s altered in a material part, after i was sealed, 'attested, and acknowledged; such alteration absolutely avoids the deed,'and it can convey no title to the lessor of khe plaintiff. Because-
I. Such an alteration, if made with6ut the consent of the grantee, would not avoid the deed, and divest the estate vested by the execution of the deed in the grantee.
2. An alteratioii of the de6d made with the consent of the grantee, could .not divest the estate conveyed by the deed,
and revest the. same in the grantor. The case was argued by Mr. Leonard, for the plaintiff in er-
ror, and by Mr. Ewing, for the defendants.
For 'the plaintiff, it was insisted, that the registry Act of
Ohio applies exclusively to' purchasers by deed, and does not include and protect those who hold in virtue of decrees in chancery. Under the statute regulating proceedings in chancery, a suit may be instituted to obtain a conveyance either in the county in which the land is situated, or where the defendant maybe found.
The action and the counts in the declaration, .are in rem vd personarz, and jurisdiction is acquired by the possession and control of the subject matterr or of the person. As the registry Act does not require decrees made iftnhe Courts of one county to be recorded in the county where the land is situate, neither does it extend its protection to,purchasers under such decrees -or if it enibraces other purchasers than, those by deed, it protects- all subsequent purchasers, and szibsequent purchasers
alone. Those cannot be considdred subsequentpurchasers, who were
.efore the execution of unrecorded deeds vested with equitable titles, which afterwards were enforced by suits in chancery. Such purchasers by decree, do.not come within themischief of the, registry Art. Such a construction would be forced; andinconvenient; as the purchasef by deed, on recording his deed, or by giving notice, pendgnte life, in chancery; and even after decree rendered, and 'before the expirati~n of the time limited for the execution of the conveyance, although after the lapse of six months; would bring his .deed within the protection of the Act, and defeat purchasers by decree. If the chancery suit had been instituted against Steele, as well as Spencer, the complainants could not have obtained-a decree. A party might in this way obtain a good title, by his omission to embrace pro-
per -parties in his 'bill in equity. A defective title might thus be made good during the progress of the suit, and indeed a

556

SUPREME COURT.

(Steele's Lessee vs. Spencer et al.)
title invalid at the rendition of the decree, valid in a month atter- res acquiriteundo.
This construction would make the statute penal; punishing
the party for his laches, in 6 itting to record his deed, instead of simply a protection of the rights of others. All the mischief to be guarded against by the statute, was effected by the execution of the deed; and the omission, seasonably to record the deed, could not injure one who had a good equitable title-
which is -subsequently enforced by a bill in equity. It was also insisted, that the Court erred in charging the
jury, that a material alteration in the deed from Spencer to Steele, -after its execution, could defeat the title thereby vested in Steele. It was apparent, on the plaintiff's bill of exceptions,
the Court erred in thus charging the jury, and the Court
'could not look to the 'bill of exceptions of the defendants in error for any purpose; or if they could, the error was not rectified by a comparison of the facts there stated with the charge. Cited, Marshal vs. Fisk, 6 Mass. Rep. 32.
Mr. Ewing*for the defendants.The registry Act of Ohio, protects subsequent hona.ide purchasers against unregistered deeds. A -party entitled under A decree of a Court of Chancery, is a purchaser, in the legal sig. nification of the term, and is therefore within the letter of the statute. There can he no iteasn to except him from its operation. He is as much injured by the concealment of a prior deed, as any other purchaser. Whenever a party is entitled in equity, to a specific pei'forniance of 'a contract; if the defendant had put it out of his power to perform it, it is important that the fact should be made known to the party iuterested, that he may seek otherand more effectual relief, A purchaser under such a decree, is therefore within the spirit as well as the
letter of the Act. The Cdut-t did not err in charging-the -ju'ry-that the defend..
ant's title took effect from the date of ihe decree. Courts of Equity in Ohio, in settling the title tQ real pro.
perty, proceed, in rem, not inpersonam. It is true, they direct the party to execute a deed,'but they do not compel him by attachment, to do so. If he refuses, the decree operates as a
deed, and the res sita'gives jurisdiction to the Court. The decree of the Court fixes the title to the property. The time allowed for the conveyance, relates merely ,to the transfer of the
evidences of title, and the possession, and the deed, if made pursuant to the decree, relate to the date of the decree itself. If no deed. be made, the title by the' decree relates. Thus, if the party against-whom a decree is rendered should die, or being a feime sole, should marry before the period fixed for the

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

557

(Steele's Lessee vs. Spencer et al.)
execution of a title; it is believed that the decree would operate without further proceeding to vest the title. .- 2. Deeds for the conveyance-of real estate in Ohio, derive their validity solely from statutory provisions. No Common Law mode of transferring real estate, (except by operation of law,) is recognuised. Linley vs. Coates, 1 ham. Rep.
Neither is the statute of uses, which in Tnigland gives validity to the deed of bargain and sale, in force in Ohio. Deeds therefore to be valid, must be executed according to the provisions of the statute of that state; and if they are deficient in. any of the requisites pointed out by that statute, they creat; no
legal title. That Act, (92 vol. Ohio Laws, p. 218,) requires the grantor
to seal and acknowledge the deed in the piesence of two witnesses, who subscribe their names, and .also his solemn acknowle'dgment before a judicial officer. The deed in question' was not proved to have ever been executed with all these formalities. But if, after this due ex'ecution, it were altered in a inaterialpart, normatter byWhom, or with whose consent; it was no longer the same deed. ,Pigot's case, 11 Rep. 27. -

Mr. Justice TrImBLE delivered the opinion of the Court.-
This writ of error is prosecuted to reverse a judgment of
the Circuit Court, for the district of Ohio, rendered in -favour of the defendants, in an action of ejectment instituted by the plaintiff in error against the defendants, in the Court beiow, to recover a tract of land in Perry county,
On the trial of the general issue, which was joined between the parties, the'plaintiff gave in evidence a patent from the President of the United States to Jesse Spencer, dated the 1th of November 1811, for the land in controversy: a deed of conveyance for the land, from Jesse Spencer to William Steele, purporting to bear date the 90th of January 181.8; .ndalso a deed from William Steele to Robert Steele, dated. the-7th of .July 1821, prior to the institution of the suit.
It appeared, from a certificate onthe dieed from Jesse- Spencer to William Steele, that it had been acknowledged, on the day of its date, before a justice of the peace; and it was attested by two subscribing witnesses.
The deed from Jesse Spencer to Steele, had never been recorded, either in the county where the land lies, or elsewhere. Wherever the name of William Steele appeared in the body of the deed, or in the label thereon, it appeared to have been written over an erasure, and with ink of a diffierent colour, as did the words Ross'and Ohio, in describing the place of residence of Steele. This was unaccounted for, by any testimony
in the cause.

558

SUPREME COURT.

(Steele's Lessee vs. Spencer et al.)
The defendants gave in evidence, a record and decree of the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, in a cause in which the
heirs of Thomas Spencer and the defendants in -this cause were complainants, and Jesse Spencer, the 'patentee of the
land, was -defendant. This decree was rendered by the Supreme Court on the Sd
of January 1820, while sitting in Ross, county, having heard 'the cause in Perry county, wlhere the suit was instituted, and where the land lies; and having held it under a advisement, as is the, practice in Ohio, the decree was pronounced in the cause at Ross c6unty, -and was certified from thence to Perry county, to be there entered on record in, the suit, in the same manner as if rendered while the Supreme (;Jurt was sitting in Perry county; and it was so entered on record accordingly.
The decree was als6 recorded in the office of the recorder
of deeds,.on the 24th of July 1822, in Perry county. The decree, inter alia, ordered, Jesse Spencer, the patentee
of the land, "within six months from the date of the decree, to make out a deed with covenants of general warranty, conveying to the complainants in that cause, and defendants in this, an undivided nine parts out of ten, or nine-tenths, of the tract of land in controversy; and to deposit said deed, duly
executed, ackno vledged, and attested, with the clerk of the Supreme Court of the 'county of Perry, within the said term of six months;, and by the clerk to be delivered to the complainants, upon their paying and depositing with the clerk, within the said term of six months, certain sums of money, with interest, as specified in the decree, and that, upon the failure of' the said Jesse Spencer to make out and deposit a deed, as above directied, within the said term of six months; that then and in that case, the complainants shall hold, possess, and enjoy, nine-tenths of-the said tract of land in as full and ample a manner as If the same were conveyed to them by th. eTshaeid-dJeefsesnedaSnptes"npcaeird."and deposite& with the clerk the mo-
ney' required by the deree, .within the six months, and'took his 'eceipt for the same.
It gippears by"a bill of exceptions tendered by the plaintiff's counsel, that after the evidence was closed, the counsel of the defendants moved the Court to instruct the jury, 1st, that the decree of the Supreme Court of the state of Ohio, given in evidence by-the defendants, vested in-them such a legal title to the land in question, as would have been vested by a conveyance from Jesse Spencer of equal date; and that theoRegistry Act of Ohio, applies as well to the title of the defendants, under the said decree, as it -would do; if they 1(eid under a bona fide
,deed, of the same date,'from the-patentee.

JANUARY TERM,* 1828.

559

(Steele's Lessee s. Spencer etaM.)
.. That if the elder deed be not recorded within the time epecified by the Registry Act of Ohio, it is wholly void as. to
subsequent bonafidepurchasers, without notice of the existence of such deed.
Sd. That if the deed from Jesse Spencer to William' Steele, was altered in a material point after it was sealed, attested; and acknowledged, such alteration absolutely avoids the deed, and it can convey no title to the'lessor of the plaintiff: which instructions the Court ga-ve, and the plaintiff excepted. '
The counsel for the plaintiff, relies on the following points for a reversal of the judgment.
1. The Court below erred in charging the jury, that -the
Registry Act of Ohio applies as well to the title of the defendants, under the decree set forth in. the bill .of -exceptions,
,as if they held under a bonajidedeed of the same date. 2. That the Court below erred in charging the jury, that if
the deed from'Jesse Spencer to William Steele was -altered in a material part, after it was, sealedf attested, and acknowledged; such alteration absolutely avoids the deed, and it ca= pass no title to the lessor of the plaintiff.
The propriety of the first instrtiction, given by the Court to the jury, admits not of a doubt.- The statute of Ohio, entitled 1"an Act directing the mode of proceeding in Chancdry," declares "That where a decree shall be made fora conveyance,
release, or acquittance, &c. and the party' against whbm thedecree shall pass, shall not complytherewith by-the time appointed, then such decree shall be cbnsidered and taken in all Courts of law and equity; to have the same operation and effect, and be as available, as if the conveyance, release, or ace quittance, had ben executed conformably to such decree.".Land Laws for Ohio, p. 296..
The Registry Act of Ohio directs, that all deeds made-within the state, shall be recorded , within six months from the
actual time of signing or executing of. such' deeds;" and declares, that if any such deed shall n6f be recorded, in.the county *here .the land, lies, within the t4me allowed by the Act,
"the same shall be deemed fraudulent against. any subsequent bona fide purchaser, for valuable con'sideration. without nqtice of such deed."
In the construction of Rdgistry.Acts, the term "purchaser". is usually taken in its technical, legal.sense." It meansa com-
plete purchoser, or, in other words, -a purchaser clothed with the legal title. The meaning of the statute is, that-an unrecorded deed, shall, after the expiration of the tiie limited by the statute, be deemed fraudulent and void, as against all .sub.
sequent purchasers, who may have obtained the legal title, fort
Vaiuable consideration, without notice The case of the de-,

560

SUPREME COURT.

(Steele's I4 ssee w. Spencer et al.)
fetidants is thet-within the terms of the Registry Act. They obtained their "decree, 'and paid the purchase money directed by the decree, without notice; "andthe decree had obtained, by operition of the 'statute, ill the attributes of a perfect legal title.
,The argument for the plaititiff on this branch o",the case,
was founded on a suppositi6n, that, to bring the i efendants' case-ivithin: the terms of the Registry Act, it must be shown that their,title has.been iecorded, as a deed, and their title being not adeed, but a decree, it is insisted, they are not within the terMs Qf the statute. This is -a mistake The plaintiff's deed .nt being 'recorded,- the statue avoids. it in terms,. as against all subsequent purchasers for valuable consideration, ,without notice, whether their titles be recorded or not. If the defendants had' held under a conveyance executed 8y Jesse Speiier, in obedience to the decree, jhbir title deed, although not recorded, would;- by.the termp of,*the statute, prevail against the plaintiff'sprior'unrecOrded deed. A deed not be-, ingrecorded, avoids it as'against subsequent, but not as against
prior. purchasers. By'the laws of the, state of Ohio; the de,ceeobtained by the defendants,.clbthes them'with 'the legal title in as ample a nanner as a deed. They are purchasers or valuable consideration, Without notice;' and 'are therefore not only within the Words, but -also within the spirit and intention
of the statpte. . I This reasoning has been indulged Upon. a suppositidni that the title of the defendants has not been sufficiently Zecorded, whichis not .admitted: .The decree, ,which is 'their title, Is of record ir the Chancery suit in. the' proper..county where the. -land lies, "andit was recorded in the office. Of-the 'recorder of ddeds. ,Whether this lst"moe 'of recording. thle dgecree is usually practised. in," Ohio o' trot,' we-re not informed. .Bu6 -we suppoae the defendants had dope all they could do, to com-
mit their title to record in the proper county.
,Thethird'instruction given hy the Court to the juryf which, forms the seco'nd ground Telied on by the plaintiff's counsel foa-reversal of the jidgment,.cannot be sustained. Although the prbposition may be.true,' that a material. evasure or alteration
.ina deed, after its .execution,-may avoid the deed, yet, the,in- . struction ought'not to have been' givenin the terms 'used by the Court, Whether "erasuresand- alterations had. been made in thi&deed or nat, was : .question: of fact proper to be teferred-to tlie jury -but whetheir the erasures and alterations Were inaterial, or not, wag a'question of law which ought to have"been'decided by the Court. The instrction givenAeferk the question' ,f materiality to the jury, as well as,the fact of
alteration and erasure.

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

"5,61

(Steele's Lessee w. pencer et al.)
If the name of William Steele was inserted in the deed as grantee after its full execution .and attestation, instead of the name of some other grantee which was stricker out, no doubt the alteration was very material, and nothing could in that case ptass by the deed to William Steele. The two other alterations
supposed, in the Words "Ross" and 'Ohio," in the description. of the grantee's residence, may have been either material or immaterial, as, upon a sound construction of -thewhole instrument they would or would not alter or change its operation
and effect. The Court ought to have decided the,question of materiality
in each instance, leaving the fact of alteration to the jury for their decision. The instruction given, was calculated to mislead the jury by impressing onl them the belief that they were warranted in finding either of the supposed lterations to be
material, however it may have been in point of law. The construction of deeds belongs to the proyince of the Court; the materiality of an alteraiion in a deed, is a question of construction; and in this case the, Court committed an error by giving an instruction to the jury, which imposed on them a difficult question of construction, upon which the jury ought iohave been enlightened by the decision of the Court.

.The judgment of the Circuit Court must be reversed, and the cause remanded. with instructions to awvard a venirefacias dirno

Vol., I

JANUARY TERM, 1828.
JOHN DAVIS AND' OTHERS, PLAINTIFFS IN E tRo0, vs. Ritimuy B. MAsoN, LESSEE.
In an action of ejectment to recover land in Kentucky, the law of real estate in Kentucky, is the law of this Court, in deciding the rights of the parties., {5051
It 8&n=, that the rigid rules of the common law do not require that the - husband shall have had actual seisin of the lands of the wife, to entitle himself to a tenancy by courtesy, in waste, or what is sometimes styled "wild lands." {506. If a right of entry on lands exists, it ought to be sufficient -to sustain th e tenure acquired by the husband, where no adverse possession e~xsts. 1508} At present it is fully settled in equity, that the husband shall have couftesy of trust as well as of legal estates, of an equity of redemption, of a contingent use, or money to be lid out in lands. 15081 Under the law of the state of Kentucky, and the decisions of their Courts upon it, a will with two witnesses, is sufficient to pass real estate ; and the copy of suoh a will, duly proved and recorded in another state, is good evidence 6f the execution ofthe will. 1508} It is a settled rule in Kentucky, that although more than one witness is required to subscribe a will disposing-of lands, the evidence of one may be sufficient to prove it. {5091
THE lessee of Richard B. Mason commenced an action of ejectment in the Circuit Court for the district of Kentucky, against John, Davis and others tenants in possession, for the recovery of eight thousand acres of land, claiming to recover the same under a right of entry under, and by virtue of a grant from the state of Virginia to George Mason.of Fairfax, dated 19th of March 1817.
'illiam Mason and others conveyed, by deed; their interest in and to the land in contest, (they being children of the patentee,) to George Mason of-Lexington, the eldest son of George Mason the patentee. George Mason, the grantee and the father of the lessor died the day of December 1796, having first made his last-will and testament; in X codicil to which, made on the 3d of November 1796, he devised to the child of which his ,wife was then ensient, his Kentucky lands,' I if- the, child should be born alive, and arrive at the age of twenty-one years, or married, whichever may first happen." Richard B. Mason, the lessor of the plaintiffi, is, by the evidence in the cause, the posthumous child referred to in the codicil. This will was fully proved, and admitted to record, according to the laws of Kentucky, and.was said to vest the title in RichardB. Mason.
At the trial of the cause in the Circuit Court, the plaintiffs in error requested the Court, by instructions to the jury, ist,

SUPREME COURT.
(Davis et al. v. Mason,)
To exclude the depositions of Lund Washington and George Graham, on the alleged ground that they were not taken and cerified'according, to law.
2d.. To exclude what the defendants designated as "the third codicil" annexed to the will of George Mason, which. it was said.was not proved and certified according to law.
3d. That th plaintiff could not recover, unless he could 3how that the land sued for,, was entered after George Mason the elder made his will, and not patented at his death.
4th.. That if from the evidence they believe that the daughters of the patentee were dead 'before the commencement of this suit, they'should find for the defendants, as the deed from the husblands did not pass the interest of the femes; nor had the husbands a right bycburtesy to the lands, as they never had other or further possession of the lands, than that given by
deed. ' The Court refused to give the several instruictions prayed
for, and a bill of exceptions was tendered, upon whiqh the case was brought before this Court. The facts of the case which appeared upon the record,.in connexion with the matters contained in the exceptions, are stated in the opinion of
the Court. The defendants in error insisted, 1st, That the Court should
have excludd the third codicil. It was not, upon proof, ordered to be recorded by the County Court of Fairfax county. It is not certified, as having been proved, and ordered, or admitted to record. It was not proved upon the trial, by any admissible and competent proof, to have been executed by George
Mason. 2d. That there was no competent proof upon the trial, that
the land in 'contest passed'by conveyance to George Mason. It does not appear that they were not patented before the date of the will of George'Mason, and otherwise disposed of by him in his will. The plaintiff should have proved that the lands were acquired by the said George Mason after his will, and not having done so, the C76urt should have given the instructions asked for, on-that point, by defendants.
"Sd..The Court erred in stating to the jury, that the deed conveyed to George Mason, the courtesy right of the husbands of the ferne coverts, daughters of George Mason sen.
4th. The Court erred in refusing to give the instrucionb asked for by defendants, upon the other points stated in the bill
of exceptions. The case was argued by Mr. Rowan for the plaintiffs in er-
ror, and by Mr. Wickliffe for the defendant in error. In reference to the rigits of the husbands in the estates of their wives, Mr. Wickliffe cited 3 Bos. 4- Pull. 643.

JANUARY TERM, 1?28.

505

(Davis et al. vs. Mason.)

Mr. Justice JoHmNoN delivered the opinion of the Court:-.

The plaintiffs here were defendants below, to an action of ejectment, brought to recover eight thousand acres of land
lying in the state of Kentucky. The law of real estates in Kentucky, therefore, is the law of
this Court, in deciding on the rights of the parties. The plaintiffs below- derives title under, 1st, a patent to George Mason
of Gunston, issued in 1787-2d, a deed of bargain and 'ale, from s.even out of nine legal representatives of the patentee, their brother, to George Mason of Lexington, executed in 1794-3d, a codicil to the will of George Mason of Lexington,
devising the premises to the lessor of the plaintiffs. Judgment was rendered for plaintiffs, to recover eight-ninths of the premises. The defendants below relied on their possession, affect; ing to claim through the patent to the -elder Mason; but adducing no evidence to connect themselves with it. The questions to be here decided are brought up by a bill of exceptions, taken by the defendants below; and they will be considered, as they regard the deduction of title, in the order in whicfi they have been stated above.
The first question in this order, relates to the deed executed,
by the representativesof Mason the elder, to Mason the younger.,iinder whose will the lessor of the plaintiffs makes title. No exception was taken to the proof, upon which this deed went to the jury. The exceptions go to the nature, and extent of
the estate, which passed under it. And first, it was insisted, that it could pass nothing, unless the plaintiffs should show; that the land sued for was entered after George Mason senior made his will, and not patented at his death; on the ground that, otherwise, it passed under his will, and did not descend
to these donors. But it is obvious that this instruction was peoperly refused,
since the fact nowhere appears in the record that the elder Mason ever made a will competent in law to transfer real estate. The deed, it is true, purports to carry into effect his intentions towards his children; but non constat, whether that intention had ever been signified, otherwise, than by parol or by an informal wilL 'If a will had ever been executed, with the formalities necessary to defeat the heir at law, the defend-
ants should haye availed themselves of it by proof. The next instruction prayed for by defendants, and rejected
by the Court, was; "that if from the evidence, the jury believed that the daughters of the patentee were dead, before the
auit was brought; that then they ought to find for defendants, ts to the undivided interest of such daughters, and that the

.Ieed did not pass their'interest. The Court instnucted the

Vray. T.

S S

SUPREME COURT.
(Davis et aL. vs. Mason.)
jury, that the deed did not pass the interest of the daughters, but passed the ihterest of their husbands, wh6 were tenants by courtesy; although they had never had other or further possession of the land, than what they acquired by deed.
To understand this part of the bill of exceptions it is necessary to notice, that from the record it appears. that among the parties of the first part to the deed to G. Mason the younger, were four daughters of G. Mason the elder, and their husbands; that the daughters had formally executed a release of inheritance, under a commission issued from a Court in Virginia; but because the states were then separated; as a judicial proceeding, it had no validity as to lands in Kentucky; and the
lessor of the plaintiffs was compelled to stand upon the inteest conveyed to him by the deeds of the husbands, as tenaut by the courtesy.
In order to prove the pedigree of the donors, the marriage,
birth of issue, &c., and of the sons-in-law of the elder Mason, the testimony of two witnesses was- introduced by plaintiffs, taken under the Act of Congress. To theintroduction of this testimony an objection was made and overruled; and this constituted another-ground, of exception, which however has been very properly waived by the counsel in argument here. It appears that the requisitions of the Act have been well complied with..
This testimony, besides establishing the pedigree, marriage,
'and birth of issue &c.; of the husbands and their wives, and identity of the lessor of the -plaintiffs, as devisees of G. Mason the younger, also goes to prove the death of some, if not of all fbe daughters; and the exception is intended to raise the question, whether in the absence of evidence of actual seisin, the, husbands- had good estates as tenants by the courtesy, in the portions of the land belonging to their respective wives; if they had not, then by the death of their wives,, their estates were determined. To kepel this objection to the vesting of the estate by the courtesy,, evidence is introduced into the bill of exceptions'to prove, that "the adverse possession of the premises, relied onby the defendants, did ibt commence until aftertjhe execution of the deed, and after the death of George Mason; in other words, that the land was waste, or as is sometimes styled, wild land,' at the time of executing the deed, and at all times before and down to the time of the devise, from George Mjason jun. to the lessors of the plaintiff took effect.
It is belidved that the rigid rules of the Common Law, have never been applied to a wife's estate .in lands of this description. In the state of New-York (8 John. Rep. 271) these rules have been solemnly ripelled; and we know of no adjudged case, in iny of the state's, in which they have been recognised as ap-

JANUARY TERM, 1898.

50T

(DaVIsht aL vs. Mason.)
plicable. It would indeed be idle to compel an heir or purchaser. to find his way through pathless deserts, into lands still overrun by the aborigines, in order to "1break a twig," or "1turn a sod," or "read a deed," before he could acquire a legal freehold. It may be very safely asserted, that had a similar state of things existed in England when the conqueror introduced this tenure; the necessity of actual seisin, as an incident to the husband's right, would never have found its way across the channel.
It is true, that Perkins and Littleton, and other authors of high, antiquity, and great authority, lay down the necessity of actual seisin, in very. strong terms, and exemplifyit, by cases, which strikingly illustrate the-doctrine. But, even they, do not represent it as so unbending as to be uncontrouled by reason.
The distinction is taken, between things which lie in livery
and things which lie in grant; and with regard to the latter, the seitin in law, is enough, because they admit of no other;
'and as Lord Coke observes "the books say it would be un; reasonable the husband should suffer, for what no industry
of his could prevent;" and further "that the true reason is, that the wife has those inheritances which lie in grant, and not in livery, when the right first descends upon her, for she hath a thing in grant when she has a right to it, and nobody else interposes to prevent it." And in another place he-says "a hus: band shall be tenant by courtesy, in respect of his wife's seisin in law, where it wasimpossible for him to get an actual seisin, " for "the favour which the law shows to the husband that has issue by his wife shallnot be lost without some defaultin him." So when describing what is livery of seisin, and defining the distinction between livery and deed, and livery inlaw, he says of
the latter "if the feoffee claims'the laid, as near as he dares to approach it, for fear of death or battery, such entry in law shall execute the livery in law."
And as a proof that even in his time the Common Law'had begun to untrammel itself of the rigorous rule, that livery of seisin, or entry, was indispensable to vesting a freehold ;-the fact may be cited, that livery of seisin was held unnecessapy to a fi-, devise, surrender, release or confirmation to lessee for years. The niode of conveyance, by lease and release, and some other modes, it is well known, arose° out of an effort to disembarrass the transfer of titles, of an-idle form, which had
survived the feudal system.
As it relates to the tenure by courtesy$ the necessity of entry grew out of the rule, which invariably existed, that an entry must be made in order to vest a freehold; (Co. Lit. 51,) and out of that member of the definition of the tenure by courtesy, which requires that it should be inheritable by the issue. 'When a 'de-. ,..cent was cast, the entry of thE mother was necessary, or tbe

508

SUPREME COURT.

(Davis et al. w. Mason.)
heir made.tite direct -from the grandfather, or other person last seised.
But in Kentucky, we understand, the livery of seisin is unheard Ef.Freeholds are acquired by patent, or by deed, or by descent, without any further ceremonies; and in tracing pedigree, the proof of entry, as successive descentsare cast, is never considered as necessary to a recoveryor in any mode affecting the course of descent.
If a right of entry therefore exists, it ought by analogy to be sufficient to sustain the tenure acquires by the husband, where no adverse possesgion exists; as it is laid down in the books relative to a seisin in law 1"he has the thingi if he has a right to have it." Such was-not the ancient law; but thd reason of it has ceased.. It has been shown, that in the most remote periods, exceptions had been introduced on the same ground; and in the most modern, the rulehas been relaxed upon the same consideration. We ought not to be behjiid the British Courts in the liberality of our views, on the subject of this tenure. A husband, formerly, could not have courtesy -of an use; that is, where his wife was cestuy que use (Perkins's Ourtesy, fo. 89,), and this continued to be th6 law, down to the time of Baron Gilbert: (Law of VUses and Trusts, 239,) at present it ir-y settled in equity, that the husband shall have courtesy of a trust, as well as of a legal estate, (2 Vern. 536. 1 P. fV. 108. .6tk.606,) of art equity of redemption, a contingent use ;.or
money to be laid out in lands. The case made out in the bill of exceptions; is one in which
there could not possibly have been any default in the husbands, since the disseisin. by defendants, did not take place until after the death of George Mason jr..and of consequence, after the trpnsfer of title by the husbands, and after the devise took effect in favour of the plaintiff's lessor.
These points being disposed of, it only'remains to consider the questions raised upon the introduction of the will of George Mason jr. or'rather of the codicil, under which the lessor of
the plaintiffs makes title. Under: a law of the state of Kentucky, and the decision of
their Courts upon it, a will with two witnesses, is sufficient to pass real estate; and the copy of such a will, duly proved and recorded in another state, is good evidence of the execution of
the will. The objection here is, that it does not appear from the ex-
emplified copy, that this codicil was duly proved ;--because the probate does not go to that codicil, but to another; and secondly, because it appears to'have been admitted to record on the testimony, of d single witness.

JANUARY TERM, 1895.

509

(Davisct-al. vs. Iason-)
The probate purports "that the two codicils were proved by the oath of Daniel M'Carty." From the exemplification it appears, that at three several dates the testator, added to his will, what he calls codicils, but as there is no signqture to the first, we are satisfied that the first and second Vere well considered as .making but one; and therefore that the probate although purporting to go to two codicils cnly, was well considered as going to this; which but for the want of the signature to the first, would have been the third codicil. What is decisive on this subject, is, that the first two codicils have no subscribing witness, distinct frofm the last;--and the .name of
M'Carty, the witness sworn, is subscribed to the second, or*s the defendants contend it should be considered, to the thirdcodicil.
With regard to the second exception to the sufficiency of the proof of this codicil, it can only be necessary to resort to
:adjudged cases, as they seem conclusive to this point. There were two witnesses to this codicil, to 'wit, Thompson
Mason and M'Carty. M'Carty only was sworn, and the probate upon which it was ordered to be recorded, imports, that the two codicils were proved by the oath of Daniel MiCarty In the case of Harper et al. is. Wilson et al., decided in the Court
of Appets of the*state of Kentucky, in 1820, in which the right to lands was in controversy, Ihe probate was in these wNorcs, "this will was produced in Court proved by thd oath of Sarah Harper, a subscribing witness thereto, and ordered to be recorded." There was another subscribing witness to thwill, and exception was taken to the sufficiency of the proof. The languaie of the Court in that case was. "1As to the prool of the execution of the will it need only be remarked that it, admission to record, is suffidient to show that the wyitness b% , ihom it was proven in that Court, established every fact essential to its due execution; and it is a settled rule, that alth6ugh more than one witness is required to subscribe'a willdisposing of lands, the evidence of one may be suffidient to prove it." (2 "31arsha1d467.)The'same doctrine has been since fully re-
ognised in the case of Turner vs. Tuimer, (1 Zit. Rep. 103,)
adjudged in the same Courtein 18209; and the identity of the certificate and facts in this'case with thbse-in the case of Har, per vs. Wilson, leaves nothing for this Court to deliberate upoA.
Theye is spread uponlthb reco:d, a considerable body of testimony, taken by the Court. by which the will had been pri-
viously admitted to record, andiwhich upon the face of it,' appears to have been taker in order to remove all doubt on the sufficiency of the will, and authenticity orthd attestations to it. Bu't as it does not appear to have been folldwed up by anv order

510

·SUPREME COURT.

(Davis et al. vLsM. ason.)
of that Court, it was not taken into view in the bill-of exceptiQns, and made no part of the evidence in the Court below. It thereforn only required this remark iii order to prevent any misapprehension on this point.

We are of opinion that there was no error in the judgment below and that it be affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1828.
TnE UNITED STATES,. PLAn4TIFFs, IN ERRol, vs. NIoHOAW STANSBURY AND EnvARD MORGAn.
The discharge, by the Secretary of the Treasury, of the principal in a bond to the United States, who is imprisoned under a ca,4a.issued against him, and who has assigned -all his property for the use of the United States, does not impair or affect the rights of the Unitcd States to pro. ceed against sureties for the amount due upon the judgment, and unpaid. 15751
At Common Law, the release of a debtor whose person is in execution, is a release of the judgment itself. The law will not permit proceedings by a cfeditor at the same time against the person and estate of his debtor, arid where an election has been made to take the person, it presumes satisfaction, if the person be voluntarily released. {575}
ERROR to the Circuit Court of the United States for the distfict of Maryland.
This was an actibn of debt, broughtin the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Maryland, at May Term 1825, to recover 3067 dolrs, being the debt, damages, costs, and charges, contained in a ,certain judgment between the same parties, recovered by the United States in the District Court of Maryland, 'at March'Jerm-1819. The original juidgment was rendered upon a joint and several bond of these defendants, given for duties on an importation by Sheppard, and was rendered for 3050 dollars debt, and seventeen dollars damages, costs, and charges. The declaration in this case-was in the usual form, containing averments that the said judgment still remains in full force and effect, not in any wise annulled, reversed or vacated-that the said United States have not obtained any satisfaction of or upon the said judgment, and that the said defendants have not yet paid the simi of 3067 dollars, or any part thereof; but to pay the same or any part thereof, they have and each of them hath hitherto wholly refused, &c.
The writ in this case was served upon Stansbury and Morgan only, and not upon Sheppard. The two former appeared, .ad pleaded in bar of this action: that they were sureties for Sheppard in the bond upon which the said judgment was recovered. That after the said judgment was recovered, and before this suit was commenced, Sheppard was taken and impr~isoned by virtue of a capias ad satisfadiendum, issued upon said judgment, and discharged from prison by order of the Secretary of the Treasury, under the Act of Congress passed on th 6th June 1798, on condition that he should pay the costs, and assignand convey tQ the use of the United States, all his property, real, personal, and mixed, by an instrument approved by the

574

SUPREME COURT.

(The United States vs. Stansbury et al.)
lien'District Attorney of the United States for that district;
winch order of the Secretary is set forth literally in the plea. The plea then avers, that the said Sheppard did assign and ,convey all his estate, &c., by an instrument approved by the District Attorney, and did pay the costs according to the conditions imposed by the Secretary, and was thereupon voAuntarily relefsed and discharged from the said execution, by the said Secretary, without the co'nsent aid against the will of them -the said Stansbury and Morgan.-Therefore they pray judgment, &tc. To this plea, there was a general demurrer and joinder, and judgment vas rendered for the defendants, pro forna, in the Circuit Court, upon which judgment the United States have-brought a writ of error to this Court.
For the United States,'it was contended, that the judgment ought to be reversed, and -judgment retidered for the United States. * The defendants in error claimed-
1. That the discharge of Sheppard from the execution of
the plaintiff, operated as a release to all the defendants. 2. That the defendants, as sureties, were exonerated by the
compromise made with the principal without their concur-
rence.
- S. .That' at all events, the, plaintiff cannot have judgment
upon the pleadings in this cause, as the demand embraces the whole amount of the judgment in the District Court.
The case was argued by Mr. Wirt, Attorney General for the Itnited States, no counsel attending on the part of the defend-
ants in error. .The following cases were cited by Mr. Wirt, in the course
of his argument. Dean vs. Newhall, 8 . R. 168. Rowley
vs. Stoddard, I .John.2006. 5 Co. Rep. 86, b. Foster vs. Jackson, Ibid. 52. Vejus vs. Aldwick, 4 Burr, 9482. Jacques vs. Withy, 1 T. R. 557, Tanner vs. Hague, 7 T. R. 420. Blackburn vs.' Stupert, 2 East, 243.- Clark vs, Clement, 6 T. R. 526. M'Lean*vs. Whiting, 8 John. Rep. 339. Hayling vs. Mulhall, 2 Bi. Rep. 1955. 2 4hwe, "94. _,LdR.ay. 1072. 5 East; 147. Hurst vs. The United States, I Gal. 39. 1 Saund. 530. 1 Chit-
ty, 107-8.

Mr. Chief Justice MRasi_2L .delivered the opinion of the
Court.-
This was an action of debt on a judgment which had been rendered in favour of the United States, against Thomas Shep-* pard, and the two defendants in, error. The marshal returned, as to Sheppard, non est inventus. 'The other two defendants pleaded that they were sureties to Sheppard, in the bond on which the formep judament was rendered. that the United

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

575

(The United States vs. Stansbury et aL.)
States took out a ca. sa. on that judgment, against Sheppard,
by virtue of which he was imprisoned; whereupon William H. Crawford, the Secretary of the Treasury of thd United States, released the said Sheppard from execution, on his paying costs, and conveying all his property, real, personal, and mixed, to the United States; with which condition, it is admitted, Shep, pard complied. The United States demurred, and the Circuit Court gave judgment on the demurrer, proforna, for the de-
fendants; which judgment is now before this Court on a-writ
of error.
It is not denied, that at Common Law, the'release of a debtor whose person is in execution, is a release of the judgment itself. Yet the body is not satisfaction in reality, but is held as the surest means of coercing satisfaction. The law will not permit a man to proceed at the same time against the person anq estate of his debtor; and when the creditor has elected to take the person, it presumes satisfaction,-if the person be voluntarily released. The release of the judgment is, therefore, the lqgal consequence of the voluntary discharge of the person by the creditor.
This being the positive operation of the Common Law, it may unquestionably be changed by statute.
The United States contend, that it is changed by the Act providing for the relief of persons imprisoned for debts due to the United States. That Act authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, on receiving a conveyance of the estate of a debtoi confined in jail at the suit of the United States, or any collateral security, to the use of the United Statesito discharge such debtor from his imprisonment under such execution; and he shall not be again imprisoned for the said debt; "but the judgment shall remain good and sufficient. in"law, and may be satisfied out of"any estate, which may then or at any time afterwards belong to the
debtor." The sole duty of the Court is to construe this statute accord-
ing to its words, and the intent' of the legislature. Did, Congress design to discharge the sureties or to release the judg-
ment? The Act is "For tle relief of persons imprisoned for debts,
due to the United States," not for the relief of their sureties; and does not contain a single expression conducing to the opinion, that the mind of the legislature was directed towards the sureties, or'contempl-ted their discharge. The only motive for the Act, being to relieve debtors who surrender all their prgperty, from the then useless punishment.of imprisohment;
there can be no motive for converting this Act of mere humanity, into the discharge of-other debtors, whose condition it does not in any measure deteriorate. If the Act produces thi'

SUPREME COURT.
(The-United Statesv. Stansbuy et al.)
effect, it is an effect contrary to its intention, occasioned by a technical rule, Originating in remote ages; which has never heen applied to a statutory discharge of the person.
But the language of the statute has guarded against th's re! sult. It has: expressly delared, that the judgment shall remain good and sufficient in law. - How can this Court say that it is not good. an&c is hot sufficie it? If' it be good and suffici-
ent, for what purpose is it so? Certainly, for the purposes for which it was rendered-to enable the United States to proceed regularly upon it, ;s upon othei. judgments; with the single
cxception, made by the Act itself. The voluntary discharge of a debtor, by his creditor, is a release of'the judgment, because such'is the law. - But in this case,, the legislature has altered the taw. It has declared that the discharge of a debtor in the forms prescribed, shall amount solely to a liberation of the person-not to a release.ofthe judgment. That shall remain good and suffiient. Were Courts to say, that, notwithstanding
this provision, the judgment is released, it would amount to a declaration that' a tedhnicatrule, in the Common Law, founded in a presumption growing out of the simplicity of' ancient times, hnd. not always consistent with the fact, is paramount to the legislative power. It would in fact, be to repeal the-statute. It would unquestionably be.to defeat the object of the legislature; since it would be no very hardy assertion to say, that, if the discharge of the person in custody discharged the other obligors, the.imprisoned debtor would never be released, while the debt remaincd unpaid; unless the insolvency extend-
ed to all the obligors. The second point made by the. counsel. tor the, defendants,
that the sureties are exonerated by the-compromise made with the principal without their concUrrence, is the same in principe with that which has beei considered. No -ompromise of the debX has-been made. The course prIescribed by 'thelaw has been pursued. The whole property-of the imprisoned debtor has been surrendered, and on receiving It, his person has been discharged. The Act of Congres's declares, that the judgment shall still remain in eorce. If th'e creditor had entered into a compromise"not prescribed by law, or had given any discharge not directed by statute, the question might have been open for
argument. But, -While the whole transaction is within the precise limits marked'out by law, it cannot -produce a result'di-
feetly"opposite to that hiutended by the statute. The only doubt which can be suggested.respecting the intent, of the legislature, .iscreated by th6 last words of the sentence, declaring, that the judgment shall reniaii.i good and sufficient in law. 'They are "1and may be tatisfied out of any estate whiclv uTay tjien, or at any time afterwaras belong tb th- debtor."" These words are cer-

JANUARY TERM, 18-,8.

577

(The United States vs. Stansbury et al.)
tainly useless; and may be supposed to indicate an idea, that it could be satisfied out of the estate of the debtor only. That as they are not required to render that estate liable, they may be understood to limit the right of the creditor to obtain sati, faction from the estate of any other person. We do not howeroi think this the correct construction. Te words are considered as mere surplusage, not as limiting the rights of the United States to proceed against all those who are bound by
tlhe judgment. We think, then, that the Circuit Court ought to have sus-
tained the demurrer; and that the judgment which 'overrules it ought to he reversed. But considering the plea, and the manner in which the'cause has been brught up, the Court will not direct an absolute judgment to be -entered for the United'
States; but will reverse the judgment and remand the same for further proceedings, that the Circuit Court may give leave to the defendants to plead.

This cause came on &c. on consideration whereof, It is adjudged and ordered, that the judgment of said Circuit Court 'in this cause be and the same is hereby reversed ajad annulled,
and that the cause be remanded, that the said Circuit Court may give leave to the defendants'to plead.

VOL. I

SUPREME COURT.
WILLIAM S. NICHOLLS, AND OTHERS, APPELLANTS, v8. THoAS HODGES, EXECUTOR OF THOMAS C. HODGES, DECEASED.
The Orphans' Court, by the testamentary laWs of Marjyand, has a seneral power toadminister justice in all matters relative to the affairs pf deceased persons according to law. The 6ommission to be allowed to an executor'or administrator, is submitted to the discretion of the Court, and is to be not under five per cent.,' nor -exceediig ten per cent. on the amount of theinventoiry. 15651
If the 'ex'ecutor has a claim.on'the estate of the deceased, it shall stand on an equal footing with other claims'of the same nature. {5651
On a plenary proc~eding, if either, party shall require it, the Court will direst an issu6 or issues to be made up, and sent to a court of law to be tried; and any person conceiving himself aggrieved by anypjdgment, decree,'decislon or order, may appeal to the Court of Chancery, or to a Court of Law; and in MAryland, the decision ofthe Court to which the ap. peal is made is final.. f5651
The Supreme Cour of the United States has jurisdiction-of appeals from the Orphans' Court, through the Circuit Court for the county of Washington, by'virtue of the Act of Congresa of February 13,1801;,and by the Actof Congress subsequently psed, the matter in dispute, exclusive of costs, must exceed the value of $1000 in order to entitle the party to an appeal.: {565}
The commission to be allowed to the executdr or administrator is submitted by-law to the discr'etion of the Court, upon 'a consideration of all the circumstances, and it was obviously the intention of the legislature, that the decision of the Orphang' Co.urt should be final and conclusive. f565}
The Court being satisfied by an examination of the evidence contained in the record of the proceedings of the Orphans' Court of the county of Washington, relative to a claim made upon the estate of the testator by the executor,, that the' said, evidence was too loose and indefinite to sanction the claim, disallowed the same; and reversed the decree of the Orphan Court which allowed the claim, 1 66}
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of Washington county in the District of Columbia.
The defendant obtained letters testamentary on the estate of Thomas C. -fodges "deceased, and passed his accounts in the Orphans' Court of Washington county, in which he was allowed 10 per cent. commission on the inventory of the deceased's es-
tate amounting to $2358 70,'and S1200 for services rendered
by him to the deceased. The testamentary law of Maryland, under which this com-
mission was allowed, isin these words :"His commission, which shall be at the -discretion of the
Court, not under five per cent. nor exceeding ten per cent. on the amount of the inventory."-Act of Maryland, ch. 101. sub. ch. 10. sect. 2..

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

563

(Nicholls et al. vs. Hodges' Ex-)
The appellants, creditors of the deceased's estate, filed their petition in the Orphans" Court pbjecting to the allowance of these claims; and upon the answer of the appellee and the testimony taken in the cause, the Judge of "the Orphans' Court decided in favour of the _hppellee, -and allowed these claims. From this decision an appeal was prayed to the Circuit Court for Washington county,. where'the judgment of the Orphans'
Court was affirmed.
From this decision this appeal was made. The deposition of William 'W. Corcoran, "PhilipT. Berry, John S. Hare,James A. Magruder and Isaac S. Nicholls were taken, and were sent up with this record. These depositions were intended to prove; that the boar'd.and expenses of Thomas C. Hodges, were paid by the deceased, by whom he was employed in his store as an assistant. That when the'executorwas spoken to'about the account he had raised against the estate of the testator, he stated, he was .sorry he had brought forward the account, and that he should not have done so but by the advice of another. That he had said, that his uncle the testator did not agree to give him wages, but' a share ot the property was promised, but no agreement was nmade. I The depositions also stated,-that some six moxiths before the death of the testator, the defendant applied for wages, which were refused, and he was told to take money from the drawer, and goods from the store, and if not satisfied lie might return to his father. That it-was understood the appellee was in the store of the testator as a clerk. The testator observed at the time of making.his will, that'he had given the defendant, his nephew, a legacy, as a consideration for his services; he hadalways intended to giv6 him something; he gave him. the legal. cy for his services because he had not been paid for them. It was also testified that the executor had a good deal of trouble in settling the estate. The counsel for the appellants endeavoured to maintain, 1. That the claims of the executor had been improperly al-
lowed by the Court below. 2. That the evidence shows the commissioi allowed is un-
just.and unreasonable. 3. The appellee had no legal claim for services -rendered to
the deceased.
Mr. Key for the appellant.The evidence does not establish any claim to the compensa-
tion claimed by the appellee. On the contrary, he-himself acknowledged he had no blaim. But if any debt was due to him, the amount thereof could not be ascertained by the course
adopted in this, case. It must become the subject of prool like all other demands an the estate.

.04

SUPREME COURT.

(Nicholls et a]. ws.Hodges' Ex.)
It is contended that no appeal is allowed in this case, be-
cause tne -provisions of the law of Maryland leave to "the dis.cretion" of the Court, the determination of the amount of corn"mqissions. What is the meaning of the assertion that no appea: can be .maintained in such a case? It is only when the exercise of discretion by the Court is matter of favour or indulgence, that the rule applies; but vhen there are legal rights, the discretion of'the Court applies to those rights, and its exercise is a matter of law, and like all others, when exercised is examin-
abb-
Mr. Coxe for the appellee.This is an applicatioi to have an examination of an account which has been passed upon by the Orphans' Court. It is denied that a matter, to be d6termined by the discretion of the Court, can be the subject of appeal. The party must point out an error in law, and if the allowance by the Court it not beyond the per centage authorized by the statute, there cannot be such error. These accounts having been passed by the Orphans' Court, before whom were all the facts, the o ily remedy which remains is upon the bond given by the executor; and in such an
action all the matters are open for examination.
IMr. Justice DUVAL delivered the opinion of the Court.-
The appellee in this case obtained letters testamentary on the estate of Thomas C. Hodges, deceased, and passed accounts in the Orphans' Court for Washington county, in which he was allowed ten per cent. commission on the inventory of the deceased's estate amounting to 92,S58 70, and 91200 for services rendered to the deceased in his lifetime. The appellants, creditors of the deceased, finding that the estate would probably be insufficient to pay the-full amount of their claims, filed their petition in the Orpham' Court objecting ta the allowance of the claims of the executor, alleging that :he property of the deceased consisted' only of a store of goods in Georgetown, apd a few debts due to him; and'that the settlementof the estatb was made without much labour or expense. Upon the answer of the executor, and the testimony taken in the cause, the Judge of the Orphans' Court decided in favour of the executor, and decreed th t both claims be allowed. From this decree an appeal was pryed and granted to the Circuit Court for Washington county, in which ihe judgment of the Orphans' Court was affirmed. From this decision the cause is brought up, by-appeal, to this Court for final hearing
and decree. Several questions have been raised in arguing this cause.
QOthe part of the appellants, it is contended, First, that the

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

565

(Nicholls et al. vs. Hodges' Ex.)
allowance of ten per cent. on th6 inventory,, circumstanced as this case appears to be, is unjust and unreasonable. 'Secozfd[ly, That there is no foundation tor the claim of 91200, made' by the executor for services' rendered the testat6r in his life-
time. The counsel for the appellee contends, First, that the whole
allowance'made by the Orphans' Court was no more than "a moderate compensation for the attention and prompt settleiment of the accounts of the-deceased, by the executor, and for his services for several years as a clerk in the store of the deceased; and secondly, that the decision of the Orphans' Court
was final and conclusive, and friom which there ought tohave been no appeal.
The power and authority of the Orphan.S' Court is deriyed 'from the testamentary laws of'Maryland.. The last geileral Act upon thesubject,- is that passed in the year,1798,'ch. 10l. The Orphans' Court has a general power, to administer jilstice in all matters relative to the affairs of deceased persons, according to law. Th6 commission to-be allowed to "anexecutor or administrator" is submitted to the discretion of. the Codrt, " not under five per cent. nor exceeding ten per cent, on the amount of the inventory." If'the executor has a claim
against the deceased, it shall stand on -an equal footing *ith other claims of the same nature.. On a plenary proceeding, if either party shall require, the Court will direct'an issue or issues to be made up and' sent- to a Court of Law to be tried, and any person conceiving himself 'ggrieved by any judgment, decree, decision or order, may appeal. to the Court of Chancery, or to, a Court of Law. ,And In. Maryland, the.d6cision of the Court to which the appeal is* made, is final and 'conclusive.
But in the case under consideration, -this Court" has jurisdiction by virtue of the Act of Cqngress of February" 1801, by which the Circuit Court for the District of Columbia wad.cre-, ated, which provides that "any final 'Judgment, order or de-, cree, in the said Circuit Court, wherein the matter in dispute exclusive of costs, shall etceed the value 9 f 8100,'may be re-examified,-and reversed or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United St.les, by writ of error or appeal.." By an Act of Congress subsequently passed, the iftatter in dispute,,exclusive of costs, must exceed the value of 91000 in order to en-
title the party to an appeal.
With respect to the commission'to be allowed to'the executor or administrator, it is submitted by law to the discretion of
the Court, not less than five, nor more than ten'per cent. They may allow the lowest, or highest rate, or: any intermedi-
ate proportion between the minimirm and max imuin, to which, in their discretion, they may adjudge the party to be- entitled

RUPREME COURT.
(Nicholls et al. wt.Hodges' E.)
upon a.eonsideration of all circumstances, according to the ser-, vices rendered, and the trouble and expense in completing the adninistration. Upb6 a just construction of this Act, it was obviohusly th'e intention of the legislature, that the detision of the Orphans' Court should be final and-conclusive, and such is the opinion of this Court. " -The clait'of Sf100, for services rendered.in the lifetime of the testator, restsau o different ground. The law places it "on an~equal footing-wth otherc aims of the same nature." The legality and equity of the claim, must be examined in the same mainer as the claim of any other creditor., Of course, it;is a -claim, on the trial of which either party might have required a. trial by jury in the manner prescribed by law. But this was not asked, and the claim was submitted in gross to- the decision of the Orphans! Court. and was decided on in like mannei bk 'theCircuit Court; and it is now brought in the same shape before this Court. "-To support a claim bf this ,nature, it is incumbent on the party making it to prove some contract, promise, or agreeuierit, ex,pressed, or implied, in relation to it. The testimony contined in the redord may be'summed up in a few,words.. It is. admitted by,the appellee, that there. was no agreement to pay him'wages.. It is in proof that le Jived with his uncle thred or four fears in the capacity of a clerk, and that for more than half the time he wa' -the oxily clerIC in the store, his uncle lihaving greatconfidence in him. That it -was distinctly understood between them, that the testator had agreed to pay *his board, t4 find him in clothing, and to pay Jiis expenses ge-, nerally; that 'it was customary among merchants to take young men,- of a certain age, for their-board and clothes; that the uncle had said that at a future day he intended to take h ) into piartnership with him4; and it was proved thatthe testator, at the time of making his will, observed that he had given. his nephew a legacy as a Consideiation for.his servicesi agd that he had always intended to -give him something. It is not denied that the testator- had fully complied with his eh:-, gagement to pay his board, supply him with clothes, and pay hisexpenses. On this testimony the claim tests., The evidence is too defective to reqiuire comment. It is the opinion of this Court that it ,istoo'loose and indeterminate to sanction the claim, and it cannot be Mlowed.
The decree of the Circuit.Court; affirming the decree of the Or1phans' Court, as to this claim, is reversed; in all othltr rmspects it is affirmed. -

SUPREME COURT.
loaN CoNARD v8. Tin ATLANTIC INSURANCE COXPAN' Nzw YORK.
It is not necessary that a reapondentialoan should be made before the departure of the ship on the voyage; nor that the money loaned, should be employed in the outfit of the vessel, orinvested in the goods'on which the risk isrun. {486}
It matters not, at what time the loan is made, nor upon what goods the risk is taken. If the risk'of the voyage be substantially aid really taken ; if thi transaction be not a device to cover usury, gaming or fraud; if tht" advance be in good faith, for a maritime premium; it is no objection to it, 'that it was made afterthe voyage was commencednor that the money was appropriated to purposes wholly unconnected with the voyage.
The lender on respondenta, is not presumed to lend on the faith of any particular appropriation of the money; and if it were otherwise, his security could not be avoided by any misapplication of the fund, where the risk was bonafiderun, uponother goods; and it wasnot a mere contract of wager and hazard. {437}
it seems, that the common-and usual form of a repondentiabond, is that which was used in this case. {437}
What is the nature and effect of the priority of the United States, under the statute of 1799, chap. 128, sec. 65. 1438}
Itis obvious, that the latter clause of the 65th section of the Act of 1799, is merely an explanation of the term "insolvency" used in the first clause, anud embrces three classes of cases, all of which relate to living debtors. The case t" deceased debtors, stands wholly upon the alternative in the former part of tae enactment. 14391
Insolvency, in the stase of the statute, relates to'such a general.d.;estment of property, as would in fact be equivalent to insolvency in its technicM sense. It supposes, that all the debtor's property has passed from him.' This was the language of the decision in the case of the United States vs. Hooe, 3 Cra=c7,73;and it was consequentlyheld, that an assignment of part of the debtor's property, did not fall within the provision of the stk. tute. {439}
Mere inability of the debtor to pay all his debts, is not an insolvency within the statute; but, it must be manifested in one of the three modes, pointed out in the explanatory clause of the section. 14391
The priority, as limited, and established in favour of the United States, is not a right which supersedes and overrules the assignment of the debtor, as to any property which the United States may afterwards elect to take in execution, so as to prevent its passing by virtue of such assignment to the assignees; but it is a mere right of prior payment,.out of the general funds of the debtor in the hands of th6 assignees; and the assignees are rendered personally liable, if they omit to discharge the debt due to the United States. '{439}
It is true, that in discissions in Courts of Equity a mottgage is sometimes 'alled a lien, for a debt; and so it certainly is, and something more; it is a transfer of the property itself, as security for the debt. This must be admitted to be true at law, and it is equally true in equity; for in this re5pect equity follows the law. The estate-is considered as atrust, and ac-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

387

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company:)
cording to'the intention of the jarties, as a qualified estate and security. Vlien the debt is discharged, thee is a resulting trust for the mortgagor. It is therefore only in a loose atid general sense, that it is sometimes called a lien; and then only by way of contrast, to an estate absolute, and indefeisible. 1441} It has never yet been decided by this Court, that the priority of tle United States will divest a specific lien, attached to any thing, whether it be accompanied by possession or not. 1441} The case ofThe'lluson vs. Smith, 2 -Wheat.396, turned upon its own particuar circumstances, aid did not establish any principles different from those which are recognised in this case. And it establishes no such- proposition, as that a specific and perfected lien can be displaced by the mere priority of the United States. 14441 It is not understood, that a general lien, by judgmnent on lands, constitutes per se a propetty or right in the land itself. It only confers a right tqlevy ontb same, to the exclusion ofother adverse interests, subsequjitto the judgment; and when the levy is actually made on the'siume, the title of the creditor relates back to the time of thb judgment, so as to cut out intermediate incumbrances. But subject to-this, the debtor has full powerto sell or otherwise dispose of the land. 1443} By the well settled principles of commercial law, the consignee is the authorized agent of the owner, whoever he may be, to receive the goods;
and by his endorsement of the bill of lading to a bonafide purchaser, for a valuable con.ideration, without notice of any adverse interest, the latter
becomes, as against all the world, the owner of the goods. This is the result of the principle, that bills of iding are transferable by endorse. ment, and thus may pass the property. {445}"
Strictly speaking, no person but the consignee can by any endorsement on the bill of lading pass the legal title to the goods.' But, if the shipper be the owner, and the shipment be on his own account and risk, although be may not pass the title by.virtue of a mere ind6rsement of the bill oflad. ing, unlesahe be the consignee, or the goods h e deliverable to his order; yet, by an assignment on the bill of lading, or by a separate instrument, he can pass the legal title to the same; and it will be good against all
"peron5s except purchasers for a valuable consideration, without-notice, by endorsement on the bill of lading itself. Such an assignment by the owner, passes the legal title against his agents or fact6rs," and creditors, in favou- of the assignee. f4451
Mortgages may as well be gren to secure future avhances, and contingent debts, as those which are certain and due. The only question that properly arises in such cases, is the bonafides of the transaction. 14481
Without undertaking to 'suggest, whether in any case the want of possession of the thing sold constitutes, per se, a badge of fraud, or is only, prirmafade, a presumption of fraud; it is sufficient to say, that in case even of an absolute sale of personal property, the want of such possession is not presumption of fraud, if possession cannot, from the circumstances of the property, be within the power of the parties. 1449
In cases where the sale is not absolute but.conditional, the want of possession, if consistent with the stipulations of the parties, and afotioriif flowing directly from them, has never been held to be,per se, a badge of
fraud. 1449}
On a trial upon the merits, it is too late t6 take exception to the capacity of the plaintiff to sue, this should have been done by a plea in abatement, before the trial; and the omission to do this is a waiver of the objection. 145o

388

SUPREME COURT.

(Couard s. The Atlantic Insurance Company.) Ajoint and severar bond, where it was not understood to be offered as ge-
neral evidence as to all the parties to it, but only as to one of the obligors, and was connected with a title derived from that obligor was properly permitted to go to the jury, upon proof of the execution of the bond by that obligor alone; as; under the circumstances, it was primafade evidence of his execution of the instrument. 1451}

THIS was an action of trespass brought in the Circuit Court for the district of Pennsylvania, by the Atlantic InSurance Company of New-York, against John Conard,'the Marshal of the district of. Pennisylvania, for taking and carrying away certain teas, imported from Canton intothe port of Philadelphia, on board the ships Addison and Superior. Pleas the.general issui, and a special justification under aAfa. againt the goods.as the property of Edward Thomson. The suit was instituted, and tried under. an. agreement, 'which is recited in the following bond.-
Know all men by these presents, that we, the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, are held, and firmly bound -untothe United States of America, in the sum of forty-two thousand dollars, lawful money of the United Sta: es of America, to be
paid to the said United States of Americn, their certain Attorneys, Successors, or Assigns, to which payment,-well, and truly to be made, and done, we bind ourselves, and -our successors, firmly'by these presents, sealed with our seal of incorporation, and dated this'ninth day of October, in the year of our Lord,
one thousand eight hundred and twenty-six. Whereas, the goods and merchandise described in an-invoice,
a copy of which is annexed, imported in the ship Addison, from Canton, sifely arrived at the port of Philadelphia, have been levied on by the Marshal of the Eastern District of Pennsylvanib, by virtue of an egecutionon ajudgmentin favour of the United States, againstEdward7mison, of Philadelphia, as the pro-
perty of the saidEdward Thomson; and, whereas, the.Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, claimto be the ownersin law, or equity, of the said goods, and actually hold the bills of lading andinvoice thereof; under which the said goods have been duly
entered at the Custom House, and the duties thereon, secured to be paid according to law. And, whereas, it-has beefi agreed by, and between, the Secretary of the Treasury, in behalf of the. -United States, and the-said-Atlantic Insurance Company, that
a suit shall be instituted by the said named company, against the'faid Marshal, in whle the sole questionto be tried,,anddecidedshall be, whether the United States, or the said mtlantic. Insurance Company are entitldto said goods, and the proceedsthereof; and, whereas it has been further agreed, that the said goods shall be delivered to the said Atlantic Insurance Com~any,. without prejudice to the rights of the United States, under the said ex-

JANUARY .TEPM, 1828.

389

(Con.a"d m. The Atlantic Inamrnce Company.)

ecution or otherwise;- and that they shall sell and dispose of the

same, in the best manner, and for the best price they can obtain

therefor, and for cash, or upon credit as they may judge expe-

dient; and that the moneys arising from the sales thereof. de-

'ducting the duties and all customary charges, and commissions

on such sales, shall be deposited by the said Atlantic Insurance

Company,.as soon as received from, and after the sale, in the

Bank of the United States, to the credit of the President of 'said

bank, in trust, to be invested by the said President of the said

bank, in the stock of the United States, in the name of the said

President in trust, so to remain, until it shall judicially and final-

ly be decided' to whom the said. godds.or the proceeds thereof;

do in right, afti according to law belong; and on the further

trust, that whenever such decision shall be made, the said Pre-

sident.of the said bank, shall deliver the said moneys, ortrans-

fer the said stock to the P~arty in whose favour such decision

shall be made. And, whereas, in pursuance of the said -agree-

ment, the said goods have been this day delivered to the said

Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, it being understood

and agreed that such delivery of the goods, shall not prejudice

any existing right of the said company.

Now the condition of this obligation is such, -if the said At-

lantic Insurance Company, of New-York, shall comply with the

said arrangements, and well, and truly sell, and dispose of the

said goods, and cause the moneys arising from the sales there-

of, deducting therefrom the duties, charges, and commissions,

as aforesaid, to be deposited in the bank, in trust, according to

the true intent and meaning of the above recited agreement, and-

for the purposes therein set forth. This obliation to be void,

otherwise to be, and remain in full force and Virtue.

(Signed,)

ARCH. GRAcE, Prest. * L. S.]

Attest, GE.o. B. RAPnLTF,.Secretary of the Atlantic'Insur-

ance Company of New-York.

The facts as they appeared by the record were ag: lows.-On

the 21st June 18W5, the plaintiffs below, lent to Edward Thom-

son the sum of 21,000 dollars, upon repondentia, by the Addi-

son, for which the folloiving bond was executed and deliVered

to the company:-

Know all men by these preseqts, that we Rdward Thomson.,

of the city of Philadelphia, Edward H. NicO, Francis H. Ni-

coll, and Floyd S. Bailey, of the city of lew-York, are held

and firmly bound unto the Atlantic Insurance Company, of New-

York, in the sum of forty-two thousand dollars, lawful money

of the United States of America, to be paid to the said the at-

lantic Insurance Company of New-York, their certain attorney,

successors, or assigns, to which paymenf, well and truly to be

made, w6 do bid ourselves and each of us, our and each of our

390

SUPREME COURT.

(Conord vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
heirs, executors, and administrators, jointly and severally, firmly by these presents. Sealed with ourseals, and dated this twenty-first day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five. I Whereas the said the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-
York, have this day lent and advanced to the above named Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. Bailey, the sum,of twenty-one thousand dollars, lawful money of the United States -of America, upon the goods, wares, merchandise, and specie, to that amount laden or to be laden, on board the American ship, called the Addison, of Philadelphia,
whereof Hidelius is master, or which may be laden on account of the said Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. Bailey, on board the said vessel, at any time during her intended voyage hereinafter mentioned.
And whereas the said vessel is now bound on a voyage at, and from Philadelphia to Canton, and at and from thence back to Philadelphia, with the usual privileges for trader and refresh-
mefits.
And whereas the said the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, are content to stand and bear the risks against
which the said company usually insure by their cargo policies, on the said sum so lent and advanced on the said goods, wares, merchandise, and specie, laden or to be laden on board of the said vessel as aforesaid, during the said voyage, so as the same do not exceed the term of twelVe calendar months, to be computed from the day of the date of the bill of tading, viz: the twenty-first day of April 1825.
Now the condition of this obligation is such, that if the: said. ship laden, with the said goods, wares, merchandise, and specie, do and shall, with all convenient speed, proceed and sail omthe said voyage from Philadelphia to Canton, and at, and from' thence bacJk to Philadelphia, and return. and come to Philadelphia, having on board the above stipulated amount in value, in specie or merchandise, as the case may be, on the respective passages, both outward and homeward, to end her voyage there, by or before the end or expiration of twelve calendar months, to be computed from the date aforesaid, and that without 4evi-. ation, (the.dangers and casualties of the seas excepted;) and if the.abo,.. boundan Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. ]iley, or either of them,.or either of their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall, and do well, and truly.pay,- or cause to be paid, at the city of New-York, to the above named the Atlantic Insurance Company of NewYork, their attorney, successors, or assigns, the full sum of iwetnty-one thousand dollars, lawful money as aforesaid, "mnmediately upon the first' and next return and arrival of the said

JANUARY TERM, i828.

391

(Conardvs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ship, at the port of Philadelphia. or at and upon the end and expiration of twelve calendar months, to be computed as aforesaid,'whichever shall first happen, together with the sum of two thousand two hundred and five dollars, lawful money as aforesaid, that being the-stipulated marine interest and premium, on the said loan: or if the said Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. Bailey, or either of them, their, or either of their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall and do immediately upon the first and next return and arrival of the said vessel, at the port of Philadelphia as aforesaid, provided such return and arrival happen within the
space of twelve calendar- months, to be computed as aforesaid, give security satisfactory to the said the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, to pay at the city of New-York, to the said the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, their successors or assigns, the said sum of twenty-oni thousand dollars, toge-
ther with the said sum of two thousand two hundred and five dollars, within three months from the time of such return and arrival, with laivful interest thereupon, from the time of such return, and arrival, and shall, and do well, and truly pay the same accordingly, at. the expiration of the said three months; or if, in the said voyage, and before the end of the said twelve months, to be computed as aforesaid a total loss of the said goods, wares, merchandise,' and specie, by the risks against which said company usually insure by their cargo policies, shall unavoidably happen, and the said Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. Bailey, their heirs, executors, or administrators, shall, and do well, and sufficiently abandon,- transfer, and assign, to the said the Atlantic
Insurance Company of New-York, their successors or assigns, all the said goods, wares, merchindise, and specie of the said Edward Thomson, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and Floyd S. Bailey, so laden, and to be carried from the said port of Philadelphia, on board the 'said ship, and all other goods, wares, merchandise,' and specie, which shall be acquired during the said voyage, by reason of, or from the proceeds of the said last mentioned goods~wares, merchandise, and-specie, and the nett proceeds thereof, and well and truly do account for and pay, upon oath or, affiimation, within four calendar months, to be computed from the time of such loss, to the said the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, or their successors, a just and proportionable average on all the said specie, goods, wares, and merchandise, and proceeds, if any salvage average, or al-
lowance, shall be obtained by reason of, or upon the samei not.withstanding such loss; then this obligation to be void; otherwise to remain in full force and virtue.
It being first declared to be the mutual understanding and

9

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard w. The Atlanti6 Inidrance Company.)
agreemeuit of the parties to this contract , that the lenders shall not be liable for any charge, damage, or loss, that may arise in.
consequence of a seizure or detention, for or on account of any illicit or prohibited trade, or any trade in articles contraband pf war; but that the lenders shall be liable to losses and, averages, and entitled to the beifefit of salvage, in the same manner, to all intents and purposes, as underwriters on a policy of insurance, according to the'usages and practices in the city of New-York; and that in like manner the borrowers shall be subject to all the duties imposeil on the assured, by the usual policies of insurance, and the customs and practices of the said city.
Sealed .and delivered in the presence of us,
PETER MACKIE,
CHARLES MACKIE, To the signature of Edward Thomson,
J. H. CLiNCH, Il. W. NIoOLL,
To the three last named. EDWARD THOMSON, [L. S.)
Euw. H. NICOLL, per [L S.]
ROBERT SMITH, at'y. '-."
FRANCIs H. NIcoLL [L. S.
FLoYD S. BAILEY, [L. S.3
At the same time the following memorandum, bill of lading, and assignment thereon, were also executed and delivered to the company -
Whereas, it hath been agreed that the bills of.lading for the goods, specie, wares, and merchandise, mentioned in the within obligation, shall be endorsed to, "The Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York," as a collateral security for the loan
within mentioned: Auld whereas it has been further agreed, that the property to
be shipped homeward as aforesaid, being the proceeds of the said loan, shall be for the account and risk of us the said borrowers, or some of us; that the bills of lading, therefore, shall express the same, and shall also express that the said property shall be deliverable to the order of 'the shippers, and that the same shall be endorsed in blank, and shall be placed in the hands of the said "Atlantle Insurance Company of New-York," either before or on the arrival of the said ship at Philadelphia, to be held by them as a continuation of such collateral security, to the performance of which we do bind ourselves:
Now by this instrument it is expressly declared, that -such endorsement, or consignment, shall not be held to exonerate the persons -of the obligors, nor compel the said "6The Atlantic Insurance.Company of New-York" to accept the gobds and merchandise, which may arrive under such bill of lading and coh-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

39-3

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

signment, in aischarge of such debt; but it shall be lawful for the said "1The Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York," to receive: and hold the said goods, specie, wares, and -nerchandise, for the space of ninety days after their arrival at the port of

Philadelphia. And in case the principal, interest, and premium, in the with-
in obligation mentioned, shall not be paid or satisfied within the said time, to dispose of the same at public auction, and to charge the obligors with the balance that may remain due, af-
ter deducting from the amount of said sales, the freight, duties,

commissions, and all other just and proper charges.

Sealed and delivered in presence of us,

PETER MACKI,

CHARLES MACKIE,

To the signature of Edward Thomson.

J.H. CLINCH,

H. W. NICOLL,

To the three last named.

EDWARD THOMSON, [L. S.]
EDw.H. NICOL., per L S.
ROBERT SMITH, att'y." ]

F. H. NICOLL., FLOYD S. BAILEY,

[L.: 51

Shipped in go'od order and condition, by Edward Thomson,

in aud upon the ship called the Addison, whereof Hidelius is

master for this voyage, now lying in the pqrt of Philadelphia,

and bound for Canton, seven kegs containing three thousand

Spanish dollars, for account and risk of the' shipper, a na-

tive citizen of the United States of America, being marked and

numbered as in the margin, and are to be delivered in the like

good order and well conditioned, at the aforesaid port of Can-

ton, (the danger of the seas only excepted,) unto John R. Thom-

son, Esq. or to his assigns, he or they paying freight for the

said goods, at the rate of nothing, with primage and average

accustomed. In witness whereof; the master or purser of the

said ship hath affirmec to the three bills of lading, all of this

tenor and date; one of vhich being accomplished, the other to

stand void. Dated at Philadelphia the 1st day of'April, 1825.

ANDnEW HIDELIUS, JR.

No; 5. [E. T.] 38 a 44, 7 kegs containing 3000 each.

An assignment endorsed thereon, dated the 21st June-1825,

as follows.:-

(COPY.).

For value received, I do hereby, assign and transfer to the

Atlantic Insirance Company of New-York, the within bill of

lading, and the specie, goods, wares, and merchandise, to be

prdcured thereon, or thereby. and any return cargo to be ob-

Vor. I.

3 D

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
tained by the within mentioned outward cargo, and specie, or the proceeds thereof, and all the return cargo to be taken on board the within 'named ship, by or for my account, as collateral decurity, according to an agreement, duly executed and adjoined to a respondentia bond given by myself, Edward H. Nicoll, Francis H. Nicoll, and'Floyd S. Bailey, dated this twenty-first day of June, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, for the sum of twenty-one thousand dollars. Witness my hand.and seal, this 21st day of June 1825.
EDWD. THOMSON.
PETER MACKIF,
BARCLAY ARNY, Witnesses. The Addison sailed from Philadelphia for Canton, on or about the 21st April 1825. On the 14th July 1825, the plaintiffs also lent to Edward Thomson the sum of 13,960 dollars upon respondentia by the Superior, for which a similar bond, and memorandum, and a correspondihg bill of lading and assignment, were executed to the lenders. The Superior sailed from Philadelphia for Canton on or about the 6th June 1825. There was no difference between these two operations, except this, that the entire loan of.21,000 dollars by the Addison was paid by the company to the agents of Thomson, whereas the loan by the Superior was applied, with his consent, to pay a previous loan on repondentiaby another ship of Thomson's, which had fallen due. On the 19th November 1825, Edward Thomson, being very largely indebted to the United States upon duty bonds, and for duties on teas not bonded, made a general assignment of all his estate and effects to Richard Renshaw and Peter Mackie, in trust for his creditors; and on the 13th March 1826, he con,fessed a judgment to the United States for half a million of dollars, upon which afi.fa. was issued on ths same day. In the month"of March 1826, and a few days before the arrival of the Addison, the assignees of Thomson received, under a blank envelop addressed to him, a duplicate bill of lading and invoice of a shipment homeward by that vessel, for the teas in question in this suit, and delivered them to the agents of.the Insurance Company. They were respectively dated the 22d November 1825, deliverable to the order of the shipper at Canton, .. Fisher attorney for John R. Thomson, and by him endbrsed in blank. The invoice stated the account and risk to ' be for Edward Thomson. That the teas in this invoice were the retarns of the outward specie in the bill of lading assigned to the compary, was proved by means of the words and figure No. 5, on the homeward invoice, and the s'ame number and figure on lhe outbward-bill of lading; which were the means con-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

395

(Conard vt. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
certed between Edward Thomson and his supercargo in Can,. ton, to fix the identity. The original bill of lading and invoice were received by the'assignees on the arrival of the Addison, and in like manner delivered to the company. In the same mo'nth Peter Mackie, one of the assignees, received from Canton, the homeward bill of lading and invoice of a shipment of teas, &c. by the Superior, dated the 2d December 1825, deli-. verable to his own order; and Barclay Arny,a clerk in the service of Thomson, received a bill of lading and invoice of another shipment by the Superior, bearing the same date, and deliverable to his order. These returns, being, as was proved at the trial, purchased with the specie in the outward bill of lading by the Superior,assigned to the company, the consignees Mackie and Arny, on the 22d March 1826, endorsed the papers to the plaintiffs; the rest of the shipment of 13,960 dollars, was expended for ship's disbursements in Canton.
Both shipments by the Addison and Superior were levied upon by the Marshal, under thef&ifa. before mentioned, on the
15th March 1826, while thd ships were below in the river, and taken into his custody, Where they remained until the arrangexnent recited in the bond of the 9th October 1826; in consequence of which they were given up.
It further appeared upon the trial, that the Addison brought
,withher addressed to Thomson, a general bill 'of lading for her entire cargo, deliverable to Edward Thomson or assigns, but not signed by the captain; and also a general invoice, stating the cargo to be for his account and risk, and deliverable to his order. The manifest which had been. made out in Canton by the agent of Thomson, stated the cargo to be consigned to Thomson, and not to order; and when the agent delivered it to the captain, he told him that it was done to save him the necessity of overhauling his papers at sea, and that he might rely on it as being correct. The captain however, on receiving a letter from the assignees, upon his arriving on the American coast, examined his bills of lading, and finding that they were deliverable to order, altered his manifest in conformity. The object of these double papers, it was alleged, w s to enable Thomson, after settling with the lenders on reupon dehtia, as he had aone upon former occasions, to cancel f;.e particular bills and invoices; and after procuring the s~gia.ture of the captain to the general bill of lading, to ente . the
cargo as consigned to him. Thu preceding statement is all that is necessary to introduce
the points of evidence and law that were raised upon the re--
cord, and which came up for revision in this Court. The plaintiffs' counsel having offered at the trial to give
evidence of the reapondetia bond by the Addisor, it wag ob-

396

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insuance Company.)
jected to, until they had proved that the company were duly incorporated according to law. The plaintiffs' counsel then gave notice to the defendant's counsel, the District attorney of the United States, to produce the bond of 9 October 1826; and gave in'evidence the agreement of counsel for entering the
action, wherein it was stated, that the question to be tried was, whether the plaintiffs or the United States, were entitled to the goodsmentioned in the declaration or the proceeds, thereof, and that the merits should be determined without further form. The bond not being produced, the plaintiffs' counsel called
Austin L.-Sands to prove the delivery of that bond to the district attorney, and also its 'contents; and began by asking him,
if he was an agent of the Atlantic Insurance Company. To this question the counsel for ihe defendant objected, and the Court overruled the objection. To this opinion of the Court a bill of
exceptions was tendered and sealed. The bond of 9 October 1826 being then proved, the counsel
for the plaintiffs contended that they were authorized, without further proof, to give evidence of the respondentiabond, of whichjopinion was the Court; and to this opinion also the de- fendant's council tendered an exception.
Mackie the subscribing witness 1o E. Thomson's signature to the respondenfia bond, memorandum, and assignment of the bill of lading, proved -thehand writing ofThomson, his own at-' testation, and that of Charles Mackie-and also the hand .writing of Clinch and Nicoll, the other witnesses to the bond and memorandum; who resided in New-York and were notproduced. -The counsel for the plaintiffs then offered to read that bond in evidence, to which the cofinsel for the defendant objected, but the Court suffered it to be read, as the several bond of Thomson; to which opinion an exception: was alsb tendered.
Upon the examination of A. Hidelius, the captain of the Addison_ a witness produced on behalf of the defendant, the counsel proposed to ask him the following question-Did Mr. .Mackie and Mr. Nicoll make out a new manifest, altering the destination of the Addison, and ask you to- enter it as a true manifest at the Custom House? This question was objected to by the plaintiffs' counsel, and overruled by the Court; to whose
opinion the defendant again excepted. The defendant's counsel proposed then to ask the sarme wit-
ness the following question-Did you see Mr. Mackie pay inoney to the pilot for being first on board the Addison? Which question was objected to, overruled, and the rejection excepted to in like manner.
The defendant's counsel having then produced an original letter from Thomson to captain Hidelius, with a postscript by the assignee, giving the captain a caution in regard to his mani-

JANUARY TERM, 1828. -

S97

(Conard vs. The A-thninc Tnsurance Company.)
fest, proposed to ask Peter Mackie the following question-was the greater part of the letter now produced signed by Edward Thomson, and countersigned by his assignees, drafted by the District'attorney? This question was in like manner objected
to and overruled, and an exception taken. The same counsel proposed to ask of Barclay Arny, another
witness, the following question-Do you know how the money was applied that was borrowed on the Addison and Superior of the plaintiffs. This question was objected to, unless the application was with the plaintiffs' knowledge, and was overruled. To this opinion a bill of exceptions was also tendered'by
the defendant. At the close of the argument to the Court and Jury on the
law and fact of the case, Mr. Justice Washington delivered the follbwing points, in charge to the jury.
.First: That the bonds given by Edward Thomson to the plaintiffs, for securing the loans' of twenty-one thousand dollars on the cargo of the Addison, and of thirteen thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars, on that of the Superior, are not invalid as marine contracts, for the reason alleged by the counsel for the defendant; ,that is to say, because in respect to the
former, the loan was made after the Addison had sailed upon her voyage, and in respect to the latter, for the same reason; and because the bond was given by the said Thomson for securing a balance due by him to the plaintiffs, on account of preceding loans made to him, and not for money lent at the time
.the said security was given. Second. That it is no objection to the validity of the bond
givefi for securing the loan, on the cargo of the Addispn, upon the ground of usury, that such cargo was known, by the parties, at the time the said bond was given, to have been in safety at and upon the departure of the said vessel from Philadelphia; since the real question for the 'jury to decide in relation to that subject was, whether, updn the whole of the evidence
given in the cause, the loan was bottomed upon a fair marine
contract, the repayment of which was to depend upon the pe-
rils which the oplaintiffs assumed to bear, or whether the contract was merely a device to cover an usurious loan. If the risk be inconsiderable, or for a part of the voyage only, and the marine interest be disproportioned thereto, these circumstances may warrant the presumption of unfair conduct sufficient
to avoid the contract. Bat the meie circumstance of the known safety of the cargo it any particular period of the voyage, or of
the assumed risk, is not, per se, an objection to the contract 0n the ground of usury. If Edwarl Thomson was to pay inter-
estfrom aperiod antecedent to the'loan, there can be no question, but that the contract was usurious, and it would he so although

3$98

SUPREME COURT.

(Conrard weT. he Atlantic Insurance Company.)
no more than the Legal rate of interest was reserved. How that fact -is, the jury must decide from the evidence before them.
Third. That the loan upon the cargo of the Addison, was by the terms of the aforesaid bond, given to secure it at the risk of the plaintiffs during the whole voyage, notwithstanding'the
omissio of the words "'lost or not lost" in the said bond; there being other and equivalent expressions in the said instrument.
Wourlh. That the above bond given for securing the loan
made. up6n the cargo of the Addison, together with the memo3andum endorsed on ilk the bill of lading outward, and the endorsement thereon, are all to he considered as forming parts of one entire contract; and as such, they do, upon a fair and legal construction of them, Cover that part of the homeward cargo, which.was the ivestment of the outward cargo on which thelpan was secured; and that the same principles are applicable to the contract in relation to the Superior. That the above instruments, taken and construed together as forming one contract, Yested in the plaintiffs an equitable 'title to the return cargoes of those vessels; if upon the evidence given in the cause, the jury should be of opinion, that those return cargoes were in point of fact the investment of the outward cargoes of tIe ddid0A and Superior, respectively. And that nothing remained to be done to vest in the plaintiffs the legal right to the said property, respectively; but the. delivery to them of the homeward bills of lading of the Addison's cargo, endorsed in blank, and an assignment to the plaintiffs by Mackie and Arny, of the homeward bills of lading of the cargo of the Superior.
Fifth. That the equitable title of the plaintiffs, so vested in them on the nineteenth day of November 1-825, when Edward Thomson made an assignment of all his pr6perty for the benefit of his creditors, was fiot defeated or affected by the right of preference, which that act gave .to the .United States to be
first paid what was dud to them by the said Thomsobn, and that this equitable title was converted into a legal one, by the subsequent delivery to the plaintiffi of the bills of fading endorsed in blank of the Addison's homeward cargo, and'of the assignient by Mackie and Arny, of those of the cargo of the Supe-
rior. Sixth. That the actual possession of the auove return cargoes
by the masters of the Addison and' Superior, until hey were levied upon under executions at the suit of the United States against Thomson, is not, per se, in law, a badge of fraud, which ought to invalidate or affect the title of the .plaintiffs to those
cargoes. S'eventh. That as to the charge of fraud, which it.is insisted
by the counsel for the defendant taints this transaction through-

JANUARY TERM, .1828.

S99

(Conard vs. The Atlantic insurce Company.)
out, that is a subject exclusively for the consideration and determination of the jury, upon the evidence laid before them; in deciding upon which, they are to observe, First. That actual fiaud must be proved, and ought not to be presumed: and, Secondly. That no fraud which may have been practised, or attempted, by Edward Thomson, his captains or agents,, ought to affect the validity of these 'contradts; unress they shiould be satisfied, from the evidence, that the plaintiffsi some way or
other, participated in the same. Lastly. That if the jury should be of opinion, upon the whole
of the evidence, that the transactions between the plaintiffs
and E. Thomson, which constitute the basis of this action, were fair, so far as the plaintiffs were concerned in them;- and that they stand clear of the imputation of usury, bn the ground that interest was reserved from a period antecedent to'the loan; and if further they are satisfied, that the homeward cargoes were the proceeds of the outward, cargoes on-which -the secu-' rities were given; then their verdict ought to be for the plaintiff, otherwise not. It was further stated by the Judge that he had declined giving a construction of the 62d section of the. Act imposing duties, or an opinion on the question. whether under that-section, the consignee of-imported goods is liable for the duties on them; considering it to be unnecessary from the view which he had taken of the case.
And in explanation of the charge, the following questions were propounded by the counsel and answered by the Court. · 1. The defendant's counsel requested the Court to charge the jury that: if the agreement of the plaintiffs with Edward Thomson was made with the view to deprive the United States of their duties, it was fraudulent, and the plaintiffs could not recover. To which the Judge answered, that if the agreement was made with that view, such would be the legal consequence; but that he had heard no evidence to warrant that conclusion in point of fact; but that was a subject exclusively for the jury.
2d. The Court was asked by the same counsel, to charge, that if the contract of Edward Thomson with the defendant, was to pay more than lawful interest during a period when there was no marine risk, the contract was usurious and void. To which the Judge answered, that if the contract was a cover to charge more than lawful interest, when there was no marine risk, it was usurious and void. That he did not himself understand the entries from the plaintiffs' books which had been given in evidence, but that the fact upon which the question is predicated, was proper for the decision of the jury.
Sd. The Court was then asked by the plaintiffs' counsel to charge, that the parties were at liberty to agree for a marine interest greater than the legal rate for the tinie that the money

40)

SU PREME COURT.

(Coniard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
was exposed tp marine risels, or the loan was at hazard by the marine risk . 'goodi4 on which it was made. To which the Judge ai. _d, that they certainly Were.
To all which the defendant's counsel excepted, and the Judges sealed a bill of exceptions.
Mr. Ingersoll, for the plaintiff in error, stated, that after several years of actual but concealed insolvency, Thomson owned it on the 19th of November 1825, by the public assignment of all his property. He then was the debtor to the United States 979,102 dollars 63 cents for duties on his importations in the years 1823-4-5; which duties were due at the importations, though bonded with credits for.future payments. Such is the doctine of the case of The United States vs. Lyman, 1 1las. 482. Thus the contest ar6se between the United States, who loaned these credits, and the defendant in error, who'also claim reimbursement for loans; but the fund in dispute is the only resource of the United States, while the Insurance Comnany have the other obligors, besides Thomson, on the respondentia bond to look to. ,The United States are privileged creditors;not, as is often imputed, by prerogative, but by a lawful priority, which belon5 to every sovereignty or government. Their credits on importation are loans, for which the consileration
and equivalent are priority of payment, before any other, reditors; and the fund in dispute proceeds from loans thus privi-
leged. It is as just and equitable, as it is established by law, that for such loans the government should be paid before any other creditor,' no matter what security he has for his debt. This principle is the privilege of every government, and as consonant with republican as with regal sovereignty. It belongs to all codes, in all ages and countries. 'Thus, in England before the statute of Acton Burnell, the crown had execution against the person and the lands of its' debtors, which was not allotved to any subject at that time. Plowd. 441, 3 Co. 11. 2 Bac. qbridg. 68. Government is not bound by certificate of bankruptcy, by Act of Limitations, or to pay costs; principles common to the American as to the English law. The crown may assign a chose in action, and its assignee may'sue in his own name. Cro. .Ta. 179, Rex vs. T'Nine. Such was the ancient'Roman law.
Wood's Inst. of the Civ. Law, b. S. ch. 1. p. 141. The state was preferred for all debts, and had a lien on the property of all receivers of public funds, with the right of execution froni the Treasury, without any suit; which are provisions similar to those of the Acts of Congress. The modern civil law is the same:
fiscus semper habetju pignor's.Poth. D 'hypotheque, ch. 1.art.S. p. 116. All are bound to pay the state before private creditors.
Grot. de Jure, B. 4 P. b. 2. ch. 1. sec. 6. These principles are
indispensable to good overnment. It is neither politic nor

JANUARY TERM, 1898.

401

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

permitted for the judiciary to enfeeble by construction, what the legislature has done to establish them. Neither property nor lien is asserted for the United States, but privilege to be first paid out of the insolvent delbtor's effects, before any other debtor.
To this privilege however the United States superadd the
advantage, which the 'law always allows to vigilance in the pursuit of delits.- On the 11th of' March 18Q6 they obtained judg-, ment against Thomson; on the 13th of that month and year issued theirfi.fa., and on the 15th levied it on the ships and cargoes, whose proceeds are in question. Such legal and equitable positions are immoveable by any mere .d otor: the defendants in error must show that Thomson had no property in the goods levied upon as his, but that it was transferred beforehand to them. This burthen ofproof they undertake, and to dislodge the public" priority and possession, by proving property out of Thomson, and in the Insurance Company. They claim
to be, if not owners, at least creditors with qualified property by specific lien; having loaned money on resondentiabonas secured by assignments, endorsed on the outward bills of lading.
Use, disposition, risk, profit and loss, in short all ownership, real and ostensible, remained in Thomson throughout. The
vessels were far at sea when the loans were made, so that it was physically impossible to appropriate the parts affected to the
several loans. All the homeward documents were addressed un-
der seal to Thomson, and nothing but a secret mark on one set of the double papers, enabled the assignees to deliver the respective parcels, which were levied- upon by the executions of
the United States, when thus symbolically and conjecturally appropriated. The contract between the .Insurance Company and Thomson is to be gathered from the bond, the annexed memorandum, and the assignment on the outward bill of lad-
ing, all considered together as one instrument. The bond does not contain a single word or indication of transfer of property
or specific lien, but the contrary; and it is well settled that a r1espondentia bond creates no lien, but only gives personal security. 4 East, 319, Busk vs. Fearon. 'The United States vs. The Delaware Insurance Company, MS. The memorandum annexed to the bond, is a caveat against the idea of p'roperty, which

the lenders repel. The assignment on the bill of lading is cau-

tiously qualified and referential, relying upon the memorandum

for the meaning of the parties. By all these instruments, taken

either together or separately, there is no unqualified transfer

of property; no possession changed, the account and risk are

kept in the borrower; no consignment to the Ignders.who lend

their money on the promise of the borrower to place a blank

bill of lading in their hands after the voyage ends, and that and

then expressly, as no more than collateral security for the loam

Vor. I;

S E

402

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
The lenders-trust, the borrowers covenant, throughout-no
more. Usually in case of repondentialoans there is an unqualified assignment at home, and an unqualified consignment from
abroad, with separate letters of advice, orders and an entire documentary possession in the lenders: whereas here, the lenders shun every indication of ownersliip or possession, which are left with Thomson, to enable him by false appearances of property to get credits for duties, which the Insurance Compa-
ny thus evade liability for. The 62d section-of the Act of Congress, Laws of U. S. 3 Vol. 195, holds the coniignee liable for the duties, notwithstanding any transfers. By clandestine transfer the lenders have a secret lien on these effects, without no-
tice and registry, contravening all appearances, and inevitably tempting to frauds. C=n an equitable right spring from so polluted a source ? Can the public priority be annulled by -such an equity? By mortgage, the legal -title is transferred and so registered. By pawn, the thing is deposited and thus possession changed. But in this case, all but a secret hold remained with the borrdwer, as the very means with which to defraud the revenue. Would Chancery compel performance-of such a contract? Would trover lie at common law for the property? Courld the Insurance Company have takeii possession of it at any time? Could not Thomson have ordered and sent it to Europe or Australasia, instead of Philadelphia? His obligation was nothing but a mere executory promise to place a blank bill of lading in the lender's hands, which promise they had no means of compelling him to keep. Indeed, the consideration
for thiat promise was, a mere contingency, inasmuch as no debt was due till the voyage ended: and then, by the bond, the lend: ers stipulate to accept satisfactory security for payment; which security, according to Arny's testimony, was always a mere negotiable note from Thomson.
Such was the course of dealing uniformly. No instance ever
occurred of his placing the blank bill of lading in their hands. Contracting that the returns should be consigned by Thomson's foreign agent to his orders, was contracting that the property
should remain in him. Such is the universal and familiar effect of such consignments, by which most of the large British shipments to this country are regulated. .bb. by Stor. 240. 1 I Blac. 359. 1 9Yheat. 208, St Jose Indiano. 8 Cra. "253. 275, the Venus. Ibid. 328, the Merrimack. Ibid. 354. 9 Cr. 1U, the Frances. To which it may be added, that by Act of Congress every .manifest must designate ownership by fixing the consignee. Section 913d of the Duty Act, 3 1o7L Laws U. S. 158. All bills of lading must conform to the manifest, section 30th
of the same Act, p. 166; and the property, as fixed in the consignee, remains in him notwithstanding any transfer; section

JANJARY TERM, 1828.

403

(Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
69.d of the same Act, p. 195. Indeed it is a principle of universal law, that possession of chattels must accompany property,
1 W5ils. 260. Ryall vs. Roll. 2 T. B. 587, Edwkrds vs. Harben. 1 Cra. S16, Hamilton vs. Russel. Secret liens and clandestine titles, are destructive of that free mutation of property which is vital to commerce. It is not denied that property at sea may
be transferred by the documents. But the question here is whether a secret title, which disowns property till third persons are involved, may be construed into force, in order to frustrate fair claims. In Coxe vs. Harden, 4 East, 241, the Frances, 8 Cra.335, and Potter vs. Lansing, I-Johku. 215, it is said, that
even the account and risk, are strongly indicative of the property. In the case of the United States vs. The Delaware Insurance Company, C. C. U. S. Pen, D., it was adjudged that a bill of lading does not transfer the property, but merely gives a right to demand it; and that a bill to order or in blank continues the property in the shipper till a consignee takes lawful
possession of it. The argunient for the United States, far from any encroachment on the settled doctrines of'commercial law or the common law, labours, on the contrary, to uphold them against a perilous innovation by construction. Furthermore: Was not the question of property for the jury to determine? The wr.1 ten instruments on which the Court determined the question arm no more than evidential of the parties' intention, which was a matter of fact. Such was the use made of similar written instruments in the analogous cases of 1ibbert vs. CarLeri 1 T'. R. 748, HaiJle vs. Smith, 1 B 4-'P. 563, Barrow vs. Coles, 3 Lampb. 92, Dyer vs. Pearson, 3 B. 4- C. 38, Maryland Insurance Company vs. Rudens, 6 Cra. 338, and Blagg vs. The Phoenix Insurance Company, S Wash. C. C. Rep. 5. In all these cases, the Court left the property as-a fact for the jury to
ascertain.
But conceding, for argument's sake, that this is'a cdse of equitable lien or special -property, that does not supplant the public priority. The lien of a judgment certainly does not. 2 Wheat. 396, Thelusson vs. Smith. What more, ir this inquiry, is a special than a general lien? Either claim is but a debt secured by a pledge; qpd all debts are postponed to the public privilege. The instruments relied upon, all mention collateral security, which is only title to the property, not in it:.not lkke a mortgage, which transfers the legal right, and leaves but an
equity of redemption. There was no right to take possession,
much less any possession given by these documents. The general lien of a judgment gives the right of taking po~secsion by means of execution' but the right in question was no more than a right of action, which the creditor had as much with-
out it. The three exceptions stated by the Court to the gene

404

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ral rule laid 'down in Thelusson v8. Smith, are all possessory,
viz: sale with delivery, executions executed, and mortgage. All liens are possessory--enforceable without suit. Liens or
freight, general balance of factors, auctioneers, attorneys, carriers, tradesmen, materialmen, for purchase money; all de-
pend in haviag hold of the thing liable to the lien; but none of them give a property in it. Indeed the legal understanding of
lien and of property, are inconsistent with each other. Loss or gain do not affect the lien holder, but the owner of the property; to whom also, any surplus belongs after satisfying the lien
debt. InBlaine vs. the ship Charles Carter, 4Cra. 390, the Court say that a bottomry bond gives no interest in the ship, but a
claim upon her, which may be enforced with the despatch of admiraltyprodess. In Seamanvs. Loring, 1 Mae. 139,Judge Storyconsiders it of the very essence of a lien on goods that possession
accompany it. In Haille vs. Smith,,1 B. 4- P. 56S, C. J. Eyre
says, the goods were set apart to remain'in deposit, from which moment the property was changed. Hibbert vs. Carter, 1 T. R. 745, and Lemprierd vs. Pasley, 2 T. R. 485, turned on the right of possession. But a respondentiabond gives no lien 4 East, 319, Busk vs. Fearon. There is no lien for demurrage. 3 P. ef S. 205, Binley vs. Gladstone. 15 East, 547, Philips vs. Rodie. 2 Rose 355 Exparte Heywood. In Hammonds vs. *Baiclay, 2 East,2S5, lien is defined to be a right to detain for
debt property placed in the creditor's possession. In Lickbarrow vs. Mason, 6 East, 25, it is called -a qualified right to be exercised over another's property. In Wilson vs. Balfour 2 C mp. 579 itis defined a right to hold. In Hallet vs. Bausfihld, 18 kez. 188, it is called the right of a party having p6ssession to retain it. -In Heywood vs. Waring, 4 Campb. 291, a right to hold. In Wilson vs. Heathen, 4 Taunt. 642, lien, or the right to hold, is contradistinguished from pledge, which is said to be matter of special contract. Lien is no more than a right
of set off, being the same in equity as at law, 2 T. B. 492, Lempriere vs. Pasley. It is a claim with possession, either personal, as by bond, covenant or contract; or real, as by judgment, statute, or recognisance. Termes de ]aLey 427. It is a right in rkm but not ad rem: a claim, with hold, but without proper-
ty, in the thing held.
Justice and necessity originated liens. Policy and convenience
have increased them. But of late Courts lean against them, and will not add to their number or extent, 7 East, 299, Rushforth vs. Hadfield. No Court in England has acknowledged a new instance of lien for the last twenty years, 9 East,426. The civil law
abounds with liens, therein termed privileges; that is,prior rights of payment; such as the lien of the state fo-"its debts, the lien of' mechanics and workmen, and of lenders of money, Wfood's Inst.

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

405

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
C90. The -common law, the admiralty law, and .Ae-statute law, are familiar with various liens. The right of landloas to distrain may be considered a lieu. 'But these privileged claims, though all specific, and affecting the .property (with notice) in all hands, wherever transmitted, were never held to give or change property. Its risk, diminution, enhancement, and disposition, are all the debtors, not the creditors; at the debtor's death, it is his ass.As. If Thomson had died when he became insolvent his administrators would have taken the fund in dispute, and must have paid the proceeds to the United States. 2 Cra. 390, Fisher vs. Blight.
The whole question tutrs on the possession; for without possession there can be no lien. Jones vs. Pearle, Stra.556. Bx parte Shank, I dtk. 254i Kruger vs. Wilcox, odmbl. 252. Doug. 97, M'Coombie vs. Davis,'7.East,.5. Now possession, once parted with, puts an end to lien, Sweet vs. Pym, 1 Bast, 4. Indeed actual possession, -withoutthe assertion of legal right to it, is of no avail, 4 Wheat. 438, The General Smith--And slight, circumstances will be laid hold of to show that the creditor does not rely on lien, 12.'Fheat. 611, Ramsey vs. Allegre. No possession was ever taken of asserted by thp Atlantic Insurance Company. They repudiated it, together with every sigh of ownership, lest they should be called on for the duties.' They were content to be creditors *ith mere hypothecation, without deposite or pawn, 2 Black. Com." 159. Whether even pawn
gives property, is doubtful: but it is unquestionable, that hypothecatidn doer not. The latter gives but right of action. Wood"s Inst. 219, ch. 9, b. 3. Poth. de bienf. Vol. 2. p. 355. Nantisseent, ch. 1. art. 1. sec. 2- True, ships- at sea may be delivered by bill of sale ex necessitate, 2 T. R. 462, Atkinson vs. Maling; and cargoes, may change hands by the documents. But without delivery of some kind, the whole is fraudulent and void. Ryall vs. Rolle, 1 Mis. 260, and, 1 dttk. 167. Brown vs. Iieathcote, 1 .dtk. 160. Falkener vs. Case, I Br. 125. In this ease, Kenyon gave up the ships because not delivered. See bi argument in Lempriere vs. Pasley, 2 T. R. 485,496. By the civil law, a chattel cannot be hypothecated or mortgaged. And as between the stat-and a creditor by hypothecation, the publit privilege prevails. Dormat, b. 3 Tit. 1. sec. 2. p. 356-7. In the case of the Frances, 8 Cra. 418, it was settled that liens for loans, advances, general balance, or any thing but freig±. yield to the pre-eminent law of prize; which is as near as may be the principle in question. It has also been adjudged that the lien of a foreign attachment, by which the thing aitached -s taken into possession, is superseded by the public pgiority, 5 Cra. 9.89. Harrison vs. Sterry-2 S. §" R. 221, Willing vs. Bleecher. In Thelusson vs..Smith, the Court, though they men-

406

SUPREME COURI.

(Conard tw. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
tion mortgage as an exception to the general rule, yet do so only, ob6ter, nor has it ever been adjudged that even a mort-
gage will dislodge the public prioity. No lien is pretended or it. But an equitable title to these funds, much better founded in justice than that of the Insurance Company, whoge asserted
lien, without possession or property, is a mischievous taint secretly affecting the right to the fund, and most disastrous in
its influence on free and fair circulation. To sustain it judicial legislation must add to the catalogue and character of liens, and abrogate the Act of Congress providing for the pub-
lic priority. The three first divisions of the charge, affrm the bonds.in
question, whose validity is denied either as respondentiabo'nds,
or bona fide obligations. They were executed long after the
ships and cargoes were at sea, not predicated of any maritime necessity, to make provision for foreign voyages; but were part of a general scheme of gambling and usurious speculation. In form, character and substance they differ from all respondentia bonds heretofore known.- 2 Marsh. on Ins. 827. 8 8. 4- R. 188. The Pennsylvania Insurance Company vs. Duzal. It is said i4 the (Donsolatodel Mare, that Demosthenes gives us the form ot arespondentiabond, precisely as used ever since. Boucher'8Tramlat. I vol. I ch. 6. And the principles and regulations of the
Roman pecuniatrajectitit, are familiarized by abundant publications. From no source of legitimate information, can such a contract as the present derive support. All the English authorities, Molloy, Beawes; Weskett, Postlewaite and Park, like the Roman law, concur in considering res'pondentialoans, as to begin bWfore the voyage begins, and to be warranted only by its necessities. Roccus is explicit to the same point. -Ingers. 7.anslat. Wte 75, p. 136. Pothier does not notice the distinc-
tion. Emeigon and Valin, may perhaps be quoted as contrary, and MarshaU inclines to their opinion. 2 Marsh. on Ins. 747. Bynkershoek's well' known'chapter on this subject, also leaves his opinion in doubt. Quet. jur.priv.lib. 3. ch. 16. But the origin and reason of the contract, argue conclusively the necessity of confining it to loans before the voyage begins, and to make it
begin. Otherwise, as in this instance, the loan never was at risque, ior at sea at all, nor were any purchases made abroad with the proceeds of it.. Though the terms of the bond are at -and from Philadelphia, yet the money was not loaned till the vessels were half way to China: and it will be as lawful to borrow money on respondentiaafter ihe vessel's return as before her departure if such devices are sanctioned. They are mere wagers withoutinterest. The vessels, cargoes,voyages, and risk&, togeiher with the ocean, and the foreign destination, are mere dramatic suppositions. No risk was run to justify marine in-

JANUARY TERM, 182.

407

(Conard tw. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
terest. By the original doctrine, the lender at marine interest accompanied. the loan in the vessel and superintended its returns: and so he must now; not perhaps in person, the improvements in modern navigation have rendered his actual presence unnecessary-but by correspondence, documents, foreign agents, supercargoes, self-appropriated consignments, and all the securities which have attended every reandentialoan, till these innovations were attempted.- Without such precaution it is mere trust, without other than personal security. In France every respontdentiacontract, must be registered within ten days on pain of-nullity. The whole ground of respondentiais encroached on the common law; and Courts of Justice should look well to the landmarks, which none butlegislators should change; and they cautiously, if at all. Otherwise, all the gambling adventures of profligate speculation, will be legalized, all the wholesome restraints on usury abated. There can be no marine interesf without, fir.t, absolute need; secondly, a want of all other 'means of supply; thirdly, it must clearly appear that the lean *as applied to the very voyage created by it; and lastly, there must be a sea voyage in which that very loan is risked. It , is all strictiseirnijuris.Now therd was no consideration for this loan
till the voyage ended, till when the lenders insured the borrowers against all sea risks- and those risks were half run before the 'loan was made. By the law of New-York, which go-
verns this contract, the slightest infusion of usury vitiates and annuls the whole contract. 3 Johns. Cas. 66, 206. Wilkie Vs. Rosevdlt. 2 Cow.. 678. N. Y. Firemen's Ins. Co. vs. Ely. lb. 712,.
Bank of Utica v8. Wager. lb. 770. Same vs. Smalley. It will be said, that this was left as a question which the juryhave set-
tled. The reply is, that though that may be so, yet the Court should have also left it to the jury to determine whether the whole transaction was not a gambling and fraudulent speculation; of which the loan, bond, supposed sea risk, and marine in-'
terest, were but parts of the contrivance and collusion. Of the points of evidence ruled, the 1st and 2d concern the
corporate existence of the company, which not having been proved as usual, was allowed to be inferred from the circumstance of the collectoi's having accepted their bond, with the
approbation of the district attorney. But those officers cannot give away the rights of the government; nor should their cour-
tesy, at AlI eVents, be construed into such concession. The 4th, 5th,f6th, and 7th points respect evidence of fraud overruled, because it was not first brought home to the Insurance Company. The plai'ntiff in error strove to prove the jvhole scheme, ,he
double papers, falsified manifests, altered letters-in short all the frudulent manceuvres; conceiving it competent to connect
the company with these acts, either afterwards or inferentially.

SUPREME COURT
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
of which the jury were. to determine. Lastly the attempt to prove what became of the money loaned, after proof that none of it went to Thomson's pocket, was also deemed proper as part of the whole retum gestarum,for the consideration of the jury.
Binney for the defendants in error.The record presents questions of very different degrees of importance,,some of them being without the least influence on the final decision of the cause, while others must decisively rule this controversy, as they will also rule other suits now depending, and an immense amount of property. The same time and attention are not to be given teA these unequal questions; but some attention is due to the least, since the counsel'for the United States have raised them for discussion. It is proper first to dispose of those which have no connexion
with the merits of this controversy -tle exceptions to evidence admittedandrejected.
1. Overruling an exception by the defendants' counsel, to a question by the plaintiffs to their witness Mr. Sands, as to his agency in their behalf. The question was merely introductory to the inquiry, whether he had not delivered 'the bond of 9th October 189.6"to the District attorney. But had his agency been a material fact, he was competent to prove it. There was nothing to show that his power was conferred by writing, nor was it necessary that it should have been so conferred. A corporation may create an agent by parol, and the agent may prove it. Mifflin vs. Nicholson, 2O-aees,38. Bank of Columbia vs. Patterson's Administrators, 7' Cranch, 308. Bank of the United States vs. Dandridge, 10 W7eat. 69.
2. -The objection to evidence of the respondentiabond, be-
cause the cbrporate capacitylwas not proved, was contrary to the agreement on which the suit was brought. The United States were precluded from questioning the plaintiff's right to sue as a corporation. They compelled the plaintiffs so to sue,
and took their bond under their corporate name and seal to insure the suit. -The cases of Henriques vs. The Dutch E. I. Co. Ld.'Ray. 1 535, and Duchess Manufactory vs. Davis, 14 Johns. 238, are analogous. The arrangement was at leastprima fade evidence of charter, upon this trial, between these par-
ties. The objection under any circumstances would have been without weight-for it was a mere question of the order of proof, which the Court was competent to regulate at its pleasure. The'.b6nd might as well be proved before the charter,
as the charter before the bond. 3. That the bond was well proved, as the several bond of
Thomson, admits of no doubt, unless ifi's meant to question the proof, because the witness swore to the signing, and, not to the sealing. But, as the bond purported to be sealed and deliver-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

40D

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

ed, proof of signing was sufficient to go to thxe jury. Talbot vs.

I Iodson, 7 Taunt. 251. Curtin vs. Hill, 1 Southard, 148. Long vs. Ramsay, 1 Serg. 4- Rawl. 7_. Phill.pn Evid. 413.
4. Overruling the question in regard to the application of the money loaned upon the Addison, was in conformity with settled

law. The question of application by the borrower, did not con-

cern the lender, by the principles of either the common or the

maritime law. By the comamon law, the borrower was compe-

tent to dispose of it at his pleasure. The.application of a loan

does not affect either the debt or the security given for it The

maritime law, as to this species of l6an, is the same. The doc-

trine of application arises only where the master hypothecates,

not where the owner bottonries, or borrows on respondentia.

Even in the former case, though a necessity for the advance

must be shown, the application does not concern the lender;

unless there be a misapplication by collusion with him, or with

his privity. 2 Ernerig. 440, 502. 562. 1 Talin, 454. 2 Valin, 9.

art. 7. Pothier.257. Canzanares vs. Brig St. Trinidad, HopL. .,dm. Dec. s5. The Jane, Dodson, 465.

-5. The remaining exceptions to the rejection of evidence,

may be dismissed with the remark, that the offereo testimony concerned the acts and declarations of persons, between whom

and the plaintiffs there was no privity, and after the plaintiffs' title had accrued.

The more material exceptions concern the charge of the Court,

in which are to be found the principles of law, by which the

title of the plaintiffs to the property in question, is to be main-

tained.

The cause turns upon the decision of the Court, that a con-

tract of insurance loan made with the owner of merchandise,

aflerit has departedon avoyage, and ieser.ving a marine inferest,

is not invalid; for that cause, as a marine contract; neither is it so, if it be a renewal of a previous loan of the sane nature; and

that if there was neither gambling, usury, nor fraud, but the

transaction was fair, and there was a real risk, the papers in

question created a trust in the specie outward and in the proceeds homeward, for. payment of the loan, which gave the

plaintiffs a title superior to the priority asserted for the United

States.

Under the facts submitted to the jury, who by their verdict

have negatived all actual fraud, gambling, and usury, and have affirmed the reality of the risk, and the fairness of the entire

transaction, it is contended that these contracts were valid, and

passed an effectual title to thie property. 1. By the common law. S. By the maritime law.
1. By the common law. Without -.z present giving a name

to these contracts it may be safely asserted, that all their ele-

VoL.1.

3 F

410

SUPREME COURT.

(Coiardvs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ments are sanctioned by well settled principles. The contracts involve an advance of .money at a premium beyond the rate of
the statute, dependent for its return on the result of a real risk, -a risk in which th6 borrower had an ibterest to the whole extent of the foan,-an assignment of 'the goods at risk, to secure the payment of principal and interest on the happening of a contingency,-and a continuance of the actual possession of the goods assigned with the agents of the borrowers,'until the purposes of their employment were answered, and they re-. turned within the reach of the lender. All these features of the contract, are of' indisputable legality and efficacy.
The excess of the premium, beyond the rate of the statute, has
the sanction of the law, as the return of theprincipal,and not that .of the interest only, depended upon a real and nota colourable
contingency. Notwithstanding the dispositions of the Courts of Westminster Hall to enforce, the statute of usury, it has been settled with the most harmonious consent, that if the prin'cipaland interest of the loan be at hazard upon a real contin-
gency, it is not a case for the imputation of usury. Mastin vs. Abdee, 1 Shw. 8. Sharpley vs. Hurrell, Cro. Jtm 209. Roberts ,vs. Tremayne, Cro. Jac. 50. Redingfield vs. Ashley, Cro. Bliz. 741.. Sdyer vs. Glenn, 1 Lev. 54. Appleton vs. Brian, 1 Keble, 711. Murray vs. Harding, W. Black. 859. 8 Wils. 390, S. 0. It is on this principle that contracts of post obit and annuity
are allowed. Battey vs. Lloyd, 1 Vern. 141. 2 Bqu. A~br. 275. Chesterfield'vs. Jansen, 1 .dlk. 301. Such cases are not contracts of loan, but of insurance on hazard.' They are placed by the civil law in the class of aleatory contracts. They may be gambling, but cannot be usurious.
In this case they were not gambling, because the borrower had an interest in the risk to the whole extent of the loan. This relievesthe Court from the embarrassment, that would attend a gambling insurance. In New-York, where the contract was :made, such a wager is lawful. Clendenning vs. Clark, 3 Caines,
141. They follow the English doctrine, prioi to the 19 G. 2. c. ST. Crawford vs. Hunter, 8, T. R. 28. Massachusetts is the other way; Amory vs. Gilman, 2 Mass. 1; and Pennsylvania agrees with her. Pritchet vs. Ins. Co. N. A. S Yeates, 461.
The assignment of a security for the repayment of the advice and interest on the happening of the contin'gency, has been seriously questioned on the very ground of the contingency. There is no autherity for this. Security may be given as well for a contingent, as for a certain debt. It does not change the nature of the hazard or of the loan. The assignment transfers the title to a chattel, as a collateral security for the performance of the borrower's duty, if the goods escape the hazard;

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

411

(Conard vs. The Atlautic Insurance Company.)
and this has the sanction of law in analogous cases. It is of the very nature of bottomry or hypothecation to give a mortgage upon the vessel; yet it is upon the contingency of her safety, that the loan is made returnable. The same is true of respamdentia, by the law of France. Analogous securities have been given in England without question. Redingfield vs. Ashley, Cro. Bliz. 741. Batty vs. Lloyd, 1 TVern. 141. The lender is not obliged to run the risk of the borrower's insolvency, as well as of the seas.
The property in the goods was transferred by the assignments on the bills of lading, without 7delivery of actual possession, which was neither according to the agreement, nor.within the power of the parties before the arrival in Philadelphia. They are assignments in trust on- their face, according to the
agreement, and are therefore honest assignments, as they tell the wh · truth. The counsel for the United States think they should ,.,ve been unqualified or absolute, and that they are vi-.
tiated by the account and risk continuingTor Thomson. Had the assignment been absolute, on its face, there must have been. a purchase, or a secret trust, The lenders did not mean to be the absolute owners, nor to concead their interest. The account and risk, were to continue in Thomson, for his was to be the profit nd. loss; and the property was to be in the company in trdst, for securing the debt. This was precisely Haille vs. Smith. 1 Bo8. S Pull.57b. It is perfectly immaterial -0hethbr the assignments passed an equitable or a legal title. The Circuit Court thought it an equitable title only; and it certainly was a title, that an endorsement of the bill of lading by the su-
percargo to a bonafide purchaser, would have d~featpd. This* however is owing to the confidence which the law,, for the sake of commerce, authorizes a purchaser to place in this document,
and not because the assignment passes the equitable title. The weight of-authority and principle are in favoUr of its passing a legal title to the specie outward, and to the retukns. 2 Holt on ,S'lpp. 72. Meyer vs. Sharpe 5 Taunt. 80. Giles vs. -Nathan,
5 Taunt. 558. Beyond doubt no substantial property was left in Thomson,.tlYiat any creditor could obtain by administration, assignment, orexecution, except the resulting or remaining interest, after satisfaction-of the bond. Whether this was legal
or equitable it is needless further to inquire. The non-delivery ofpossession was, under the circumstances,
of no effect. It was iot intended to be taken by the borrower. unttil the voyage was at an end. This appears by.the memorandum of the agreement, and answers the objection. The
possession of chattels by the assignor or his agents, after an assignment which provides for such a possession, is per se no ob-
jection: the possession is afcordinw to the deed. If the decd.

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlanti Insurance Company.)
be absolute, and purport to transfer the possession, the impossibility of taking it, by its absence at sea, or for any other cause, is an answer to the presumption of fraud, that might otherwise arise. . Cole vs Davis, 1 Lord Ray. 724. Meggott vs. lrllls 1 Lord Bay. 286. Brown vs. Heathcot, 1 dtk. 160. Flyn vs. Mathews,' ./)tk. 185. Atkinson vs. Maybury, 2 T. R. 462. x parte Batson, 5 Bro. C. 0,, 362. Coote on Mortgages, 063-4 In this case there was both a provision for possession by the agents of Thomson, until the return, of the adventure to the United States, and an impossibility of taking possession, had the agreement called for it. It is in all respects the same case as Bucknel vs. Royston, Prec. Chan.289, in which the title of a lender on a similar assignment for security, was traced through successive voyages, sales, and shipments, during several years, and enforced against the personal representative of the bor-
rower. It was not for the Court to let the, jury decide the question
of property, as inferable from the fact of possession. The fact ofpossession did not stand alone, but was governed by written instruments which legally made that fact of no. importance. The jury were not prevented from deciding the question of fraud, as connected with the fact of possession, but they were deprived of tie right of inferring it from mere want of possessitoanc, ebsecoafuisneabitilwityas, aagqreueemstieonnt,oafnldawc,onthtiantguenntder such circum-
debt, possession
by the assignor, was not per se a badge of fraud. The property then being passed to us, and passed as openly
as transfers of chattels at sea are ever made, it is submitted.that the priority acts do not affect us. The case is not placed by the Circuit Court on the ground of lien; it need not be, so placed in this Court. It is of no importance whether a general, or even specific lien, will prevail against the priority of the United States. Thelluson vs. Smith, 2 Wheat. 426, is a difficult case. The -case of a master with the possession of goods and his lien for their freight, the possession and lien of a factor for his advances and-commissions, would be mere difficult, if it be true that the priority of the United States is to defeat these securities. This it is apprehended will never be decided. The United States have no rights but as a creditor. They derived nothing from their execution and -levy on these teas. If they were not ours by the assignment on the hill of lading, they passed to Thomson's general assignees by his assignment of the 19th Novsmber 1825. TheUnited States can claim only as a creditor, against the assignees who are trustees for all the creditors, and. for te g6vernment first before all; but what the assignees cannot overthrow, be it specific, or be it general lien, is secure against the government. For the present cause this discussion

JANUARY TERM, I8-.8.

413

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
is however unnecessary; for here is more than lien of the highest kind; a transfer and conveyance of property, by terms of grant of the most decisive importj-.a mortgage or (teed of trust, upon the efficacy of which to exclude the priority of the United States, this Court have already.passed their judgment in The United States vs. Hooe, 3 Crancl, 73. It is a security saved also by Thelluson vs. Smith. There can be no difference between a mortgage)of chattels and one of land.
Thus stands the case on the principles of the common law. But the ,point mainly and almost exclusively pressed below, was, that although this might be so according to the rules of the common law, yet that these were loans at marine interest, a technical contract, which the maritime or Universal law did not permit, under the circumstances of this case. On the contrary, it is submitted that-
9-Thbse contracts are equally effectual by the maritime and
universal law. The objections urged against them are two: 1. That both the
loans were made upon goods already atrisk by the departure of the ships: 9.That the loan by the Superior was applied to pay a former loan, or was in other words a renewed loan.
1. The first objection is supposed to be derived from the Roman law, which it is suggested limited this contract under the nime ofpecunia trajectitia,to such loans as were themselves to be transported, or were applied to purchase goodsifor transportation. The language of the digest is, "trajectitiaea pecunia. est qum' trahs nare vehitur. Cetertm si eodem loci consvrmatur, non erittrajectitia.Sedvidendum,an mercesex eapecuniacomparaZw, in ea eauiahabeantur; et interest, utrum etiam ssexpericulo creditorisnavigent, tunc enim trajectitiafiecuniafit.': Digestlib, 29. lit. 2.
The Roman law upon this subject is misalprehended. Whatever is said upon this subject in ihe Code, the foundation of that law, is as a regulation of the rate of interest without any deli. nition of the contract, or any limitation of it. Any contract at-tended by the risk of transportation by sea, was within its prin.. ciple. That which the D gest contains in regard to itis not a limitation but an illustration of the contract; and both'in the Digest and Novels, the illustrations given show that the asserted limitation was unknowfi tQ the Roman law, and that any loan dependent for repayment upon the safety of goods at risk, was within the rule ofpecuniatra'ectitia.
The Code under the title-de Usuris, does not define the contract, but limits the parties in trajectitiiscontractibus,to 12 per cent. as the maximum interest. Under the title denauticofaiiore. itdoes not describe what shall not be a contractustrajectitius. but it defines the events in which maritime interest shall cease.

bUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
or shall not accrue, arid in what event the creditor shall lose his money, or shall receive it though the goods be lost. The subject is left here by the Code.
The description of the cbntract is first .given in the Digest, from the works of the civil lawyers. The passage above cited is taken from Modestinus, who was of opinion that the principle of the code in regard to pecunia t'aectitia,was applicable to a case in which the merchandise bought with the loan, was transported by sea at the risk of the lender. But the distinction in tie view of the Digest was not between goods bought, and goods not bought with the loan, but between a loan on goods transported at the risk of the lender, and a loan without any risk whatever: for this is the only sensible distinction in a title of the law which had reference to the rate of interest. It is accordingly made plain by the opinion of &ckvoa,Digest, Lib. 29-2t.it. 2. s&. 5. Periculipretiumest, et si conditione quamvis penali non existente recepturus sis quod dederis, et insuper *aliquid printer pecuniam, Isi modo in alem speciem non cadat: veliuti ea, ex quibus condition~s nasci solent, ut si manumittas, si non illudfacias,si'nonconvaluero, et catera. Nec dubitabis, si piscatori erogaturo in apparatum, plurimum pecunix dederim, ut'si yepiaset, redderet;et athleta, unde se exhiberet, exerceretque, ut si vieisset, redderet. If a contract by an alete to . return a loan with its interest, upon his gaining the prize, was within the rule of a contractustrajectitius,as is here asserted, it is obvious that this rule comprehended a loan on goods already exposed to the risk of the sea. The same is equally obvious from the language of Paulus. Dig. lib. 2. tit. 2. sec. 6. Fxnerator, pecuniam usuris maritimis mutuam dando, quasdam merces in nave pignori accepit; ex quibus, si non potuisset totum debitum exsolvi, aliarum mercium alfis navibus impositarum, propriisque faneratoribus obligatarum, squid superfuisset, pignori accepit. The question he asks, and answers in the negative, is whether the goods being lost on which the creditor loaned specifically, and being of value equal to the loan, he could resort to the'surplhs of the other loans, for. repayment; and nothing can show more decisively the practice of loaning on goods generally, after the modern practice, 'than sucgh a question.
The custom of merchants in the time of Justinian without doubt embraced resgondentialoans for successive voyages, where the goods were repeatedly changed. Novel 106. In this Constitution of the Emperor the practice is detailed at length, and confirmed. Such a practice shows that the transportation of the specific loan, or of the specific goods bought with it, was no necessary part of the Roman law of retpondentia.
The just inference is, that it is only the element of the contract that i' stated in the Digest, and not its limilationm, name-

JANUARY TERM; 1828.

415

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ly, that the goods, on the security of which, or for which, the loan is made, shall be at the risk ofthe lender; but not that they should be the specific loan, or its investment.
The practice of modern nations is free from all obscurity on
this head. They sanction, with great harmony, respondentia loans made after the goods are at risk. Upon this point the two distinguished commentators, Valin and Emerigon agree. The lifference between them is upon an independent point,
ivhether a loan made after the departure of the goods, is attend-
ed by a riglht to participate with prior loans, as if all the lenders were co-mortgagees-a question of no application in this cause.
a Emerig. 382, 385, 386, 484. 1 Valin, 366. 2 Marsh. 747. a. 2 Emerig. 401.
2. That a renewed loan, like that by the Superior, is free from objection, is clear from many authorities precisely to the point. 2 .Emerig.573. Pothier,259. 2 Valn, 11, 12. Le Guidon, 87. ch. 19. Ordenanzas de Bilbao, c. 3. Code de Commerce,, Aqrt. 323.
A shorter answer to both these objections, is that the law of respontlentialoans, is not a. universal law. The contract is not one of universal nature and -form, but depending upon the pleasure of the parties, and varying in different countries, according to the prevalent sense of expediency, and the principles of the code of particular law there in force. 4 East, S19.
Bush vs. Fearon. 8 Mass. 348, Appleton vs. Crowninshield. No statute in this country restrains it; it is a beneficial con-
tract; and -all its provisions being sanctioned by the common law, that law alone is the standard of the contract in this Court.
Mr. Binney concluded his argument, by applying the prin-
ciples contended forio the specific points of the Court's charge. Mr. Webster, also for the'defendants. The question in this case is important, but perhaps not dif-
ficult. The transaction out of which it arises, is one of a com-
mercial character. The United States are large creditors of Edward Thomson, and they have no other hope of attaining payment but from success in this case. But the character of the case is not altered by this circumstance; as the defendants are not answetable for the frauds of -the debtor to the United States, nor for the neglect of the officers of the cus- -
toms. .They had no connexion with the custom house, in the course of the transaction now before the Court. Nor is there any thing in the argument that the defendants have other security for the debt due to them, by a resort to the co-obligors
on the respondentiabond; all those persons are insolvent; and if they were not, the defendants assert, as they of right may dov
their claim to their own property.

416

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
The United States are said to be privileged creditors. They are so, as far as the law goes, but no further. In this case they have no privileges, and they stand in relation to the property in controversy, like any Other execution creditors of their debtor.
Thomson assigned in November 1825. All he had passed to his assignees, and the priority of the United States exists only to payment out of the fund which passed to the assignees. The la'w of the United States gives an action against the assignees, but it does not prevent the property froni.passing under the assignment.
What is the priority which the statute gives to the United States? It is not a prerogative, superseding the titles ofothers to property. It does not extend the rights of creditors on property. It is, what it purports to be, a priority among creditors, a right of first payment out of the common fund. The United States are creditors, and at the head of the list; they are primi inter pares; and no more.
Two propositions may be- maintained; First. The priority does not affect the transfer of property at all. It never attaches on lands or goods, as lands or goods of this debtor. It arises only:
1st. In bankruptcy--2d. In cases of conveyances to assignees-Sd. Against executors and administrators-and in all those three cases, it attaches in the fund, and not on the specific property.
It does not operate to prevent the passing of the property either to assignees in bankruptcy; or to assignees under a conveyance; or to executors and administrators. It amounts only to a right to previous payment out of the fund then in the hands of others.
The language of the statute, sect. 65, fully establishes those positions-assignees in bankruptcy-assignees in insolvency and- executors and administrators, are. all "ranked together. What is law for the one, is law for all. The words are "the United States shall be first satisfied ;" obviously out of the estate. The provision, -making the persons holding the estate personally liable, is then introduced to operate in the event of their not satisfying the debt of the United States, out of the estate of the debtor.
Now, will it be contended that in regular bankruptcy, the United States could levy on property which had passed' to the assignees, or that this could be done on the estates of insolvents, or of deceased persons in the hands of trustees, or executors? The correlative words of the statute, in which priority is given to the surety who pays the debt due to the United States are, that he is tQ be paid ' out of the estate and effects of such insol-

IANU .RY TERM, 1828.

417

(Conard m. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

vent, or deceased person." These words coitfirm the construe-
tionassumed for the defendants. The 63d section of the bankrupt Act of 1799, ch. 4, also con-
firms this construction. ,It makes no new- provision; but de-
clares the payment shall be made out of the fund, and refers to the previously existing Act. "

It is plain, upon the fair construction of the statute, that it is priority on the fund. It says the right shall eist, when the debtor hasassignedhis property. This is a different thing from
saying, that his property has vested in the United States, and shall not be deemed to have passed by the assignment.
It may also be well observed, that connecting the priority of the United States, with executors or administrators, who can only be responsible, for the property which may come into their hands; and giving a personal action against assignees in case of default in paying over the funds in their hands, are conclusive evidence to show that the understanding of law is,
hat all the property of the debtor passes by the assignment. There is no decided case in opposition to these principles,
unless that of Thelluson vs. Smith, may be so construed. Few cases have been presented to the consideration of
Courts of the United States, upon this subject. They are:

1. Fisher vs. Blight, 2 Craneh, 358, which decides two points. 1. That the priority extends to debtors, generally, under the Act of March 3d 1797.-. That it is not in the nature of
alien on the property.
2. The United States vs. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73, which decides 1. That priority is not a lien, a principle always to be recollect-
ed-2. That to create a case, where in case of insolvency the priority will attach, there must be an assignment of all the pro-

perty of the debtor. 3. Prince vs. Bartlett, 8 Cranch,431,which decides that the in-
.solvency is not a mere inability to paybut must be some notori-

ous Act. 4. The United States vs. Bryan &Woodcock, 9 Cranch, 377,
which only says the priority given by the Act of 1797, does n6t
apply to debts due before the passihg of the law. The case of Thelblson vs. Smith, 2 Wh7eat. 396; does not ap-
ply to the present case. The sale which was made-by the marshal of the United States, under the judgment against.Mi. Crammond, was not objected to by the assignees. The point was not made, and the assignic- 'tffered the estate to be turned

into money, and let the parties contend afterwards for their respective rights. It is obvious, that if the assignees had object ed to the sale of the estate of Mr. Crammond by the marshal,

the sale could not have been nade. '

Suppose-the-assignees had sold 4he-4and?

VrL. I.

- -3 G

They 6ad tbe

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard v. The Atlantic Insumrhce Company.)
power -to sell it, and it.might have been their duty to sell iLThey might have been rompelled to execute their trust; -and they'had therefor6 a right to the fund. The execution therefore could only, in that case, have been levied on the land with the assignees' consent.
9. The second proposition is, that notwithstanding the decision of the Court in Thelluson vs. Smith, it may be argued, that the provisions of the law, which gives the priority, were not intended to extend the general rights of creditors.
It will scarcely be claimed, that the United States can dislodge all !iens.- The case of freight-the advanceg of a factorinsurance brokers' accounts; cannot be supposed to be affected by the law.
The argument on the other side, is, that the assignees cannot, under the injunctions of the law, pay any debt, until the United States are fully paid. This evidently is, that they are to pay out of the~estate, in their hands.' Now what is the estate of the debtor in the hands of the assignees? Not the land unembarrassed; but the lpnd subject to the liens upon it.
Again : assignees do not pay prior judgments in favour of creditors. The judgment creditor proceeds against the land, not against the assignees; and he obtains payment, not from the assignees, but.from the fund raiied by a sale of the land,' under-the execution. How is any other construction of the law practicable ? The assignees take the property, subject to the lien. Does it pass free of the lien or not, just as it may appea: the United, States are or are not creditors ? They may not be named in the assignment at all.
Again, if the United States are creditors, does the property pass free of all liens; and after paying the United States, go to the other creditors?
It is true the casd of Thelluson vs. Smith is sufficient for the defendants. It expressly saves the case of a mortgage.
Do the documents, or either of them, exhibited by the defendants, vest any interest in the outward cargoes of the vessels
named in them, in the defendants? It is contended that they vest a clear legal interest in the outward cargo, mentioned in the bill o9.lading. It should not be called the creationof a lien, but the transfer of a legal interest in the cargo.
The bond creates no lien, it contains no words of positive conveyance. The assignment does; and by it the owner transfers the property, This might have been done by other writings. Property at sea may be legally sold; without endorsement of
the bill of lading. Strictly speaking, the evidence in this case does not show an assignment of a bill of lading, such an assignment.being properly by the consigned; but it shows a transfer of the goods, wiittga on the bill o] lading by the shipper,

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

419

(Conardtvs.The Atlantic Insurance Company.),
and the adnitted owner. It passes the property; nor could the consignee, by an assignment of the bill of lading, give the property to any other, because the bill carriesnotice of another ownership. Barrow vs. Coles, 3 Camp. 92.
A bill of lading is no more effectual to pass property than any other instrument, except that it is negotiable. . buyer under it, for value, without notice, may hold against al1other or intermediate rights.. 2 1t, 72.
Property in goods, shipped under a bill of lading, may be transferred by delivery, to a third person,.without endorsement of the bill of lading; and such transfer will be good, against all the world, eicept the endors~r of a -bill of lading, for a valu'able consideration. 5 Taunton, 558. Ibid. 79. 759. 1 .1ar.233.
4 East, 211. And the. property in goods, shipped under a bill of lading,
may be vested in-another without either delivery or endorsement of the bill of lading; as, by an agreement between the ownerg of the goods, and third persons, either in the character of creditors, or purchasers, accompanied by acts, vesting the property in the goods in such persons. 3 Bast, 585. 4 Campbell, S1. 4 Bast, 211. 3 Chitty, 404. Ibid. ,50, 351.
This last case is thus-: "Vendor did not send bill of sale-
butagreed to deliv.er goods, vendee accepted bills f6r thepurchase, and before the arrival, sold the goods-and became bankrupt. Held, that the.purchasei, could hold against the vendee.
Here then was a transfer of the interest of Thomson in the specie, and strictly speaking, it was not a qualified, but- a positive, direct, and absolute transfer, as is shown by the wvbrds employed for the purpose. Its only limitation was the specification of the object, for which it was made. It is a collateral security, and is just what it should be'; for if it had appeared to bean absolute sale, when only security was intended, ,itwould have worn a badge of fraud. The eonveyance is made to carry a lawful agreement into effect, and the words of the assignment are full and clear, and are restrained only by
the designation'of the purpose. It is hinted, that it is not to be taken as conceded, thyat, a
mortgage of personal chattels can stand against the United
States' priority. The general principle is, that a mortgage of goods is 41ke a,
mortgage of lands. Where there is good faith, and the thing is actually delivered, this position cannot be questioned, The 13th Eliz. ch. 5, applies both to goods and lands, and saves both, if "made upon good consideration, and bonafide." It. may obstruct 6reditors, or delay thexn,. andl yet be good. Meux vs. Howell, 4 Bast, 1. 5 Jo/n. 258.
It is a strong proposition, that the priority of the, United States is to override mortgaes of personal chaftels, It may be

420.

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard v. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
said to be al tiltra piinciple. Goods are mbrtgaged, and ships are mortgaged, every day.' The rule, if it exist at all, inust ,be made general. It cannot apply only to those mortgages
where possession follows, for some mortgages do not allow possession, and are goodwithoutit. Such adoctrineisalarming.
Was there a good consideration for the assignment of the
specie made by, Thoirson to the defendants? Thomson was a borrower of the defendants' money..Hehad giv-
en a bond for it. Events might discharge him,but until'they did, he was their debtor, and at the proper time, be must pay. This was sufficient. United States vs. Hooe. S Wzeat. A similar transfer of any other goods would have been equally available
to secure the bond. There being a legal conveyance by the owners of the pro-
perty to the defendants, it must be assailable on other grounds. The first objection is, that the instrument was not a re&Pon-
dentia bond, because the goods were already on board, and the ship had sailed two months before the loan. 1-1. To this it is answered, that there is no law requiring the
very goods and money to be put on board. The mode of transa'cting business of this kind has changed ; and when the money. or goods may be on board, is now of no consequence. In the very form of a respondentia bond, (2 Holt, 435,) the consider-
ation is the acceptance of h bill of exchange at four"months. 2. No matter whether this' is a respondentia bond, or not.
There was a transfer of all the goods for a sufficient consider-
ation. Third. .The contract it is. said, was illegal, and, therefore,
every thing done to carry it into effect was void. It was illegal, because it was usurious, and usurious, because 'the vessel had sailed before the loan, and part of the risk and time was therefore gone.
The vessel, it is true, had sailed, but no information -had heen received from her since her sailing; and the defendants therefore bore all the risk from the wharf. There is no limit, by law, to marine interest. 'If this was intended to be a bona fule marine risk, it is not usurious, whether the premium be
high or low. The next objection is, that the possession and appearance
of-property remained in Thomson. The answer to this is, that the possession of the property
was in the master of the vessel. Property in the defendants was shown by the papers. But, if this had not been the fact, the consequences claimed by the United States would not follow. As between the defindants and' Thomson, the property *had passed to the defendants, and no change was made by the re-shipment; John R.Thomson at Canton being only an agent; the rights of -the defendant could not be divested by any

JANUARY TERM, 18!28.

421

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance.Company.)
act of the consignees, a% he received the.property for the use of the assignees or Edward Thomson; and when the shipment was made in Canton, by the agent, the rghts of the defendants were perfect against Thomson, against creditors, and, all others, but a bonafidepurchaser. The result of this reasoning is: The transfcr and assignment of goods at sea, by a proper written instrument, for an adequate consideration, and in execution of a valid contract, gave the defendants a-legal interest in the goods; and as this transfer was on the bill of lading, so that nio title by endorsement of the bill could be attained against the defendants, their title was indefeisible.
The title of the defendants was a legal title, the equitable in-
terest remaining in Thomson. He was entitled to a piroper application of the proceeds, to,an account, and to profits, because the shipment was for his account and risk.
When the vessel returned to the United States the legal title was in the defendants, before as well as after- the delivery of the bills of lading. Their title was not derived from the bills of lading but from an earlier source, and the delivery or the bill of lading had no other effect but to identify the property, and to prevent any other title being acquired by purchase.
.under those bills. No one claims the property under the bill of lading as pur-
chaser. On the 19th of November the -bill of lading had not changed the property, and it still was in the defendant§. It had
not, and could not have got back to Thomson, and therefore could not pass to his assignees.
'he defendants had a right to claim this property against thi-
assignees. The United States could'not, as has been shown, levy upon it; and if the United States could, for their priority disregard the assignment, they are only prior creditors, and as such had no right to the property. As if there I'ad not been a general assignment, the general creditors could not levy upofi .this property; so disregarding the assignment, if the United States claim so to do, they as creditors could not levy on it. It is contended that goods may be mortgaged, and if the transaction is bonafide, possession need not follow, if the bargain be otherwise. Cook, 264, 4th class of his cases. Prec.in Chancery. 285. 1 Pick. )?ep. 389. !2'bid.607. 5 John. 258. 3 Caines, 166.
2 TtrmnR. 389. 10 ez. 139. 4 Bin. 258. Barrow vs. Paxoi. 5 John. 258. 8 ibid. 446. Craig vs. Ward, 9 bid. 197.' 15 Mass. 244.
Mr. Wirt for the plaintiff, in conclusion. On the 19th Noveniber 1825, Edward Thomson made a ge-
neral assignment of all his property for the benefit of his cre-
ditors. It is. therefore, one of the cases of established insolvency on which the priority of the United States arises.

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.).
The debt to the United States was due for duties on foreigia
goods imported. The case then depends on the operation of the Act of 2d
March 1799, 3 L. U. S. 197, 565. Which provides, that in all cases of such an insolvency the debt due to the United States shall befirst paid before any other debt.
Was there a debt due on that day to the Atlantic Insurance Company? Is it of this debt they claim satisfaction? The statute answers that the debt of the United States is first to btpaid. By this statute, it is manifest that the United States are preferred to all other creditors. Was the Atlantic Insurance Company creditors? If so, they are postponed to the United
States Is a creditor by mortgage, a postponed creditor within this
statute? This question has never been solemnly decided by this Court-either as to a real or personal mortgage.
In Fisher vs. Blight, 2 Cranch, 358, the question did not arise. The, question there was whether the preference given to the United States extended to all persons, or was confined to a paricular class of debtors, public officers, and agents of the United States.
In the United States vs. Hooe.and others, 3 Crandh,73, the question did not arise-!-the only poin! than decided, being that a mortgage of part of a man's effects, did not eptablish an insolvency within the statutes, on which the preference of the United States arose.
In Harrison vs. Sterry, 5 Cranch, 289, the case went off on the groun.d that the prior assignment was a fraud upon the bankrupt laws, and did not affect the priority of the United States.
In Thelluson vs. Smith, 2 Wflheat. 396, the question of a priorlien by mortgage did not arise.
.But the question of a priorlien byjudgment did arise, and then the Court after quoting the words of the Act of Congress
ay"these expressions are as general as any that could be used, and exclude all debts due to individualswhatever may bethieir d ity. The assignees are made personally responsible to the UnIted States, if, in case of insolvency, they'pay ani debt pre.vious to those due to the United States. The. aw mqkea no ex-ception injfavotir of prior judgment creditors; and no, lien has been, or, we think can be shown to warrant this Court in mak-'ing one."
The United States vs. Howland St Allen, 4 Wheat. 108, only re-asserts the principles of former cases-and thisL is the last case upon the subject of these statutes.
It is true, that in the argument of the former cases, it has
been occasionally said at the bar, arguendo, that a mortgage

JANUARY TERM, 1898.

423

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insuance Conpany.)
would defeat the priority of the United States. And in some of the cases the Court, arguendo,has incidentally admitted the position. These were but dicta. But it has never been solemnly decided by this Court; and they have never been required to look solemnly at the question, with a view to its decision-by hearing an adverse argument against the proposition. They have said that this priority is not in the nature of a lica, so as to avoid prior"alienationsof property by the debtor. And this admitted, 'he may sell it, he may part with his title to theproperty-andthe alienation will be good.
But this is not the question. The question is whether the creation of a lien in favour of a creditor does not leave that creditor still a creditor-thedebt, still a debt. And whether if he retains this character of a creditor down to the time ofthe insolvency, differing from other creditors in no other way than by having a lien for his debt; that creditor with his lien and that debt, be not postponed to the United States,. by force of the-Act of 1799. It is not meant to admit, that the case before the Court is the case of a mortgage. But taking it in the first instance in this the strongest attitude which it is capable of assuming; the Court i'assked, whether under this statute, a mortgage creditor
finds any protection in its terms or meaning against the priority givbn to the United States?
In Thelluson vs. Smith this Court said,-" the law makes no exception in favour of prior judgment creditors." Does the law make any exception in favour of prior mortgage creditors? The answer must be the same in both cases. It makes'no excep-
tion in favour.of any creditors. Whoever therefore stands in relation of a creditor to the insolvent, whoever is claiming a debt against him, is expressly postponed to the United States. The existence of apriorlien in his favour, will not protect him from this consequence. There was a pnior lien in Thelluson vs. Sthith-the Court decided the case upon the concession, that the judgment was a lien upon all the landsoftthe defendant. And when a lien is all that the creditor claims, it cannot vary the determination, that the.liejs is on apart of the estate instead of
being on the whole.
A lien upon the.whole, considered merely as a lien, is precisely of the same nature with a lien upon a part. The terms generalandspecific lien. chaeat the mind with an imaginary distinction, which has no real existence either in law or reason. For considered in the, light of a lien, merely, the one means nothing
more than a lien upon the whole-the other a lien upon a part.
And it is not conceivable that a lien upon part can strengthen a lieh upon the whole.
Now what is a mortgage, but a lien on an estate for the secu-

+i24

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. the Atlantic Insurance Company.)
rity of a debt? In a Court of law it is, from its form, considered as an absolute conveyance of the estatei and the mortgagee can recover it in ejectment. But in equity, even after the day of payment has past, it is still considered as a mere securityfor a debt. And the Act of 1799 looks through the forn to the substance of the thing. Is the mortgagee still a creditor? The terms of the Act postpone him to the United States. Is the 'debt for which the mortgage is given still a deb? It is post-, poned to the debts of the United States. Is the mortgage, in its essence, and object, any thing more than a security for a debt? Is it any thing more than a lien on a particular_ subject for a debt?
It is objected, that the. priority given to the Act of 1799, is only a 0riority to be paid out of the estate of the debtor: and the subject havingbeen previously mortgaged, constitutes no part of his estate; but has become a part of the estate of the mortgagee. The answer to this is--that this is the very question
in controversy.
Lord Hardwicke says expressly--"th'e person entitled to the equity of redemption is considered as the owner qf the lal, and a mortgage in fee is considered as personal assets," And again-" by a decree of all lands, tenements, or hereditanwnts, a mortgage in fee shall not pass, unless the equity of redemption be foreclosed;" and again-" the interest of the laud must be somewhere, and cannot be in abeyance; but it is not in the mortgagee, and, therefore,must remainin the mortgagor." 1 .dtk. 605-6, Carbone vs. Scarfe.
Is it not perfectly familianto us all, that in a case of equity, a
mortgage is considered ps a mere security for a debt? Blackstone puts it, in this view of the case, on the same footing ,with
a bond-a mortgage says he "is also landed'security, as a bond is a personal security, for the money lent." 3 B. C. 435.
Now suppose a question between the United States and a
prior mortgage, to arise before-a C9urt of Equity of the United States. The United States claim priority of payment out of the estate of the insolvent mortgagor, insisting that the mortgaged subject is a part of his estate. The mortgagee on the other hand alleges that the estate is not in the mortgagor but in hh. That the mortgagee is theowner of the property. Would not the Court answer him in the language of Lord Hardwicke "lyou a,'e not the owner-themortgagoristhe owner-fthe interestis in him; and the instrument you hold is not a conveyance of the estate but a mere security upon it. It is a hen in your favou'-but it leaves the ownership in the mortgagor-itleaves you still a mere creditorfor a debt-holding, indeed, a lien on the estate-a lin intended to give you a preference--but that intention is defeated by a statute, whirl creates a preference in favour of the

JANUARV TERM, 1828.

A25

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

United States which rides over all other liens-and considering you merely in the light of a creditorclaiming a debt, must

be postponed to the United States." If this would be the language of a Court of Equity, in such a
case,in expounding and applying the statute, will the question be varied, because the construction of that statute arises before a
Court of Law ? Will the statute have a different application in one Court from that which it would have in the other? In a question arising on the same statute, would a creditor be postpolted in a Court of Equity, who would be preferred in a Court7 of Law? Would it be of any substantial use to the mortgage creditor, toprefer him in a Court of Law, if he must be postpon-

ed when carried before a Court of Equity? The United States being rem'ediless before a Court of Law,
could they then, on that grond,go into a Court of Equity, and there strip the mortgagee of the momentary advantage which he had gained in the Court of Law? It is most manifest, that if the

protection claimed for the mortgagee against the priority of the United States, proceeds only on the postulate that he is the owner of the mortgage subject, that postulate could not avail him be-
fore a'Cout of Equity; where it is expressly held that he is not the owner, but that the mortgagoris the owner; themnortgagee be-

ing still a mere creditor, holding nothing more than a security on the subject for the debt; and if he be a creditor, holdingmerelya security, and not the owner of th property, it has never, been disputed that the United States are to be preferred.
There is no hardship in the case, which does not apply with equal force to any other private creditor. Every man like the

mortgagee trusts another on the credit of his property, and means and consequent ability, to meet his engagements. Itishard upon them all to be postponed to the government; -and as hard
upon the vigilant judgment creditor as upon the mortgagee. Nor is it perceived hpw postponing the mortgage creditor, would tend any more to shake the confidence of man in man, and to embarrass the commercial operations of the country, than the
postponement of all the other creditors. All men deal now
upon an understanding-that the payment of the debts depends on the solvency of the debtor; and, that in a case of established insolvency, the govel'nment has the preference. Mortgages
and all other liens and preferences, would still hold between
private creditors. It is only to the government, that these an4

all other credi.ors would give way. It is submitted, therefore, to the Court, that if this were the
case of a mortgage, the mortgagee would still be a creditor
merely, and as such expressly postponed by the statute. We are dealing here with an equitable title-so the charge considers

Vol. L

SH

426

SUPREME COURT.

(Cnard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.).
it, and ve are construing the statute with reference to such a
title. But, if before a Court of Law, a mortgage, from its peculiar
form and. structure, would be considered as conveyirg .the
amount of the property, because such a Court could not look fr-om the terms of, the coiveyance to the private understand-
ing of the parties, and that it should be a mere security for a debt, 'the difficulty does not exist here.--Because here, upon the face of the agreement,-and in its express terms, the Court,see that nothing more was in the contemplation of the parties, than to create a security for a debt. At eyery step it is proclaimed, that the intention of the parties looked no farther than to the mere
creation of. a security-" a collateral security for the loim-a continuation of the collateral security for such loan." This is
the express language, both of the memoranda on the b6nd, and the assignment of the bill of lading. It is not, as in the case of ,t mortgage, a coraiderationpaidin purchase ofthe goods; but a sum loaned and security takenfor the repayment of the loan.
Vith this avowed, clear, continued, uniform declaration of
the intention of both parties, can the Court impute to them a different intention? And if their intention went no farther than to create a security for a debt, does'not the creation of the security, leavethe owner of that debt still a mere creditor? Would not the repayment of the loan, either by Thomson or his assignee, be the meie payment of a debt to a private creditor? And is not the payment of any prvate debt forbidden by the statute, until the debts due to the United States shall first be satisfied ?
But it -s argued. that although the object is admitted to be
to create a security for a debt, that security was intended to be created, and was created, by conveying to the creditor the title to the property,, who thereby became the owner of it. The an-
swer is, he is a creditor then upon the security of a fund of which he is the owner.--Is not this a legal solecism ? If the fund be his, he is no longer a creditor with regard to that fund; unless a man can be a creditor to himself.
It is also asked; is not this the case with a mortgage ? Nothe moment that the mortgage is viewed in the light of a security, the ownership is at an end. In a Court of E,4uity, where it is considered in this light, we -haveseen that the ownership of
the mortgagee is denied. In a Court of Law the mortgage after the day of payment is passed, is not considered as a security but as a conveyance of the title, and then the mortgagee is held to be the owner-but not a creditor on the security of the fund.
But we are yet to see a case, where before the same tribunal a party has been considered as being at once a creditor upon the security of a fund, and the owner of that fund. He may have a

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

427

(Conard v8. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
special or qualified property, as that of a bailee, which will enable him to maintain trover against him, but still he is not the a3v.er of the fund, as against the bailor. He may have a lien accompanied with possession, which will authorize him to hold the possession even against the owner-but still it is a lien which he has, and nothing more-and a lien will not prevail against the United States. So with regard to a pawn or pledge-it is in a Court of Law on the same footing with 'a mortgage in that Court. 'Elefore. the day of payment has past, the lender on a pawn, though he has the possession, is consider-
ed ai a creditoron the security of the subjectpledged. When the day of payment is past, he ceases to be a creditor, and be-
comes the owner. The notion then of a lien on a fund, which belongs to the
holder of the lien; is a legal solecism. They cannot co-existthe character of a creditor with his lien, ceases, at the same moment whe. his ownership begins.
It has been already admitted on the authority of decided. cases, that the priority of the United States constitutes no lienbut leaves the power bf alienation free. Is the creation of a lien an alienation either total or partial .? If a lien b an alienation to the amount of the debt. then to the amount of that lien, the priority of the United States cannot attach. Bdt, if such be the effeot of a lien, the same effect must be produced, whether that lien be created by the act of the party, or the act of law. Being in both cases a lien, the legal effect must be the same. But in the case of Thelluson vs. Smith it was conceded by this Court, that the judgment was a lien on all the defendant's lands.
If, therefore, the effect of a lien be to divest the estate of the debtor to the amount of that lien-to 4lienate that estate, and make it pro tanto the estate of the creditor, that effect was produced here, and the priority of the United States so far defeat-
ed. Yet it was not produced here, nor was the priority of the United States defeated, or in the slightest degree affected by that conceded lien. Why? Because the Act of Congress had made no exception in favour of creditors, holding a lien, or of judgment creditors9who were conceded to be creditors holding a
lien.
But if a difference should be supposed to exist between a lien created by the act of the law, and a lien created by the act of the party, and that the latter necessarily alienates the property pro tanto, we have a decision of this Court to the contrary-a decision which marks the distinction between the creation of a
lien, and the alienation of the title by the act of the party. A bottomry bond is a contract, in the natureof a mortgage, when
money is raised for the repairs of a ship, and the master or owner pwewes the keel or bottom of the ship, to secure the re-

SUPREME COURI.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
payment of the inoney. Here all the books concede, that there is a dear lien created by the act of the party-but does that lien produce an alienation of the property? -Blaine vs. The Ship Charles Carter, 4 Crancl, SS2, proves the reverse. It does not pass the title, and therefore the holder of the lien in that case, lost it by
laches. It is merely a lien to be enforced in a Court of Admiralty. The question then returns.What was the condition of the Atlantic Insurance Company
with regard to the property, on the 19th November 1825, when the insolvency occurred-and the priority of the United States arose-were they-the owners of this property in part or in whole,
or were they merely creditors holding a secrhity on this property, for the satisfaction of the debts-and this merely on a par with the holder of a lien by bottomry? This depends on the construction of the documents.
1. The first document on which they'rest their claim, is the respondentiabond. The loan on which this respondentiabond was given, was confessedly made two months after the vessel and cargo had sailed for China. The interest charged is marine interest, at 10k per cent. per annum. Was the contract valid, upon.the law which governs that peculiar contract?
It is needl s to darry the investigation to the law of Rome, and of France, with which it is agreed iwve have nothing to do. It may be remarked however, in passing, that under these laws, it was never prete,ded that this species of loan divested the bor. rower of his title to the property. Nothing more was ever thought of, than that he stood upon the footing of aprivilegedcreditor-andthe question was always one of mere precedence in the order of payment-which however material, among private creditors, could have been no question of lien, where the precedence
of the goyernment takes place over all others. Passing from the law of Rome and France, to our own law,
none is Jnown which we have upon this subject, except the law of England- and with regard to that law, while the elementary writers by their definitions and their commentaries, treat it as essential that the loan should precede the depai ture of the vwssel, or at least have been applied to the voyage;--there is not a single adjudged case, which recognises a loan on such mode, for any other purpose than the purpose of the voyage.
The question is not whether marine interest is against the statute of usury, when the principal as well as the in terest is put at risk. It is corceded that it is not-i. e. that such interest would not be a violation of the stalute of usury.
The single question on this point, made in the Circuit Court, was whether according to the law of this peculiar contract, it was not essential that the money should have been lent for the purposes of the voyage, and under circumstances in which it

IANUARY TERM, 1828.

42J

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
might have been aplied to those purpotes. Not that the lender
was bound to see to the application; but that he was bound to look to the case, so far as to ascertain that the loan was made under'circumstances in which it might have been so applied.
The only difference between bottomry and respondentiais, that the first gives a lien on the ship-the last gives a lien on the goods. In all other respects, bottomry and respondentia are declared to be identical, so that a definition of the one is a definition of the other. Park-,410-Eng. ed.
Now what is the definition of bottomry?-
1. 2, Black. Co. 457-8.--" Bottomry (which originally arose from permitting the master of a ship in a foreign country to hypothecate the ship, in orderto raise wney to refit) is in the nature of a mortgage of a ship, where the owner takes up money to enable him to carry on his voyage, and pledges the keel or bottom df the ship, part for the whole, as a security for the repayment."
Park,410.-" The contract of bottomry is in the nature'of a mortgage, in which the owner borrows money to enable him tofit out the ship, or to purchasea cargofor a voyage proposed."
2J atsh. 731.-" Bottomry is a contract in nature of a mortgage of a ship, in which the owner borrows money to enable him to fit out the ship, or to purchase a cargo for a voyage proposed."
Again. Marshall 2, 736, says-"If the money was spent in the place where it was lent, it was not pecunia trajectitia, kc. " so that, with the Romans, aswith the moderns,it was ofthe essence of this contract, that the loan should be exposed to theperilsof the sea, at the rick of the lender."
In the next page (737) he says-" in bottomry, the lender furnishes the borrower with money to purchasethe goodswhich are put in risk. And Park says, 413. 415, 4th edition, "the lender supplies the borrower with money, to purchase those effects upon which heis to run the risk."
Now if the Courtsay, thataman who borrows money to pay for his commbn purposes, and for other objects and concerns, is a borrower at respondentiaon a bottomry, because he puts the
payment on the return of a ship from sea, with which the loan has no connexipn, there is an end of th6-vbjection. But there is certainly nothing il the English law, which countenances
such a position. With regard to the presumption that the. money was so ap-
plied-the United States offered to repel it by showing that it -never was so applied-but the inquiry was stopped in the case
of Arny-the Court seeniing to entertain the opinion, that the
inquiry was immaterial. There is no English case which gives a different view of the law of respo2idenlia and bottomry, from those extracted from Blackstone, Park and Marshall. The
cases cited from the old English Reporters. apply only to the

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard v.The Atlantic'Insurance Company.)
question of usury under the statute, when the principal is put at risk. The form of the bonds, as referred to by Mr. Ingersoll, are in conformity with the law as laid down. But suppose the Court to be of opinion, that the bond is free from objection on this ground, the question still is, -whether this bond in coming inwith the other documents, passed the ownership of the property to the Insurance Company? The respondentiabond did not even create a lien, Park, 410. A bottomry bond creates a lien, but does not Pass the title, Blaine vs. Ship Charles Car-
ter, 4 Cra. 332. Does the memorandum on the bond stipulate for a transfer
of the title? It stipulates for all that was afterwards done, but exp'essly for the-purpose of creating a collateralsecuri4-not for that of passing the title.
Did the assignment of the outward bill of lading.pass the title? That.again expressly declares that the whole object was to create a security, and to continue that security. Did the legal effect of the Act reach beyond the intention of the parties? Such a construction could not be attached-the intention clearly expressed always governs the construction of the contract.
What are the authorities on this subject? Do .they say that the ass gnment of a bill of lading, always produces the effect of passing the property? The assignment of a bill of lading does hot always produce the same effect. It always depends on the relation of the parties, and te intent with which the act is done. It depends says Holt ",on the mutual understanding" of -the parties, 2 Holt, 72. Here the understanding is clear-it is to be done merely to create a collateral security. The modern cases in England, that have been cited as to.the effect of the assignment of a bill of lading; are generally- cases between the assignee of the bill and the assignees of the bankrupt; and not on the general provisiois of the Bankrupt Law of England.
·The Bankrupt Law of England, 5 Geo. II. c. So. §28, places
the assignees of the bankrupt precisely on the sane-fopting in which the bankruipt himself stood, at the moment of his bankriptcy. In cases of mutual credit, they are subject to all the set-offs to which he was subject-and to all'the'liens which he had created. The others represent only the private creditors, and when offered to another creditor, they are all of equal dignity-all liens therefore stand according to their priority.
Hence, a mere agreement to assign a bill of lading, between such parties ha§ been held equivalent to an assignment, for the purpose Qf creating a preference among these equal creditors. Such was the case of Lempriere vs. Paisley-the Court of King's Bench held that such an agreement created a lien; and that -the assignees of the bankrupt could not take

JANUXRY TERM, 1828.

131

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
the property, without discharging the lien. - T. . 495. Pigolt's ,drg. 489i dshhurst, 490-argument of Lord Kenyon as cited by him, p. 493. Ashhurst calls it an equitable lieunot an equitable title; and he says as "between the person who holds the equitable lien, and the assignees, if the lien suksists before the bankruptcy, they shall never recover or retain tie
thing without discharging the money due;" why?-he gives the reason. "The party who has the equitable lien ought not to have footing with the rest of the creditors,for whom the assignees
are the trustees." 8&c.
There it was a quhstion of preference of payment betweencre-
ditors of equal dignity. The case of Atty et al. Assignees of Jamieson, bankrupt, vs.
Hatson, 4 Camlpb. 325, is another case of 'preference of pay-
ment among creditors of equal degree, by force of such a lien. The case' of Olive vs. Smith, 5 gaunt. 56, is another, where. the wholebearing of the bankrupt law is decided upon, and all
these cases are found to turn oh it. Haille vs. Smith, I Bos. 4-
Pull.563, is another case under the bankrupt law; and there the effect of the bill of lading was e Rressed, and by the priorin-
tention of the parties, it Was held*to transfer the property, because such was the prior intention, and that transfer was abso-
lute.
On these bankrupt cases in England, it is proper to remark, that they are no guides for a decision under the statute of the United States. Thiey were questions of preference between creditors of equal degree, and the question then always was, whether such' a preference had been created by the bankrupt, before his bankruptcy, as gave him a preference to the other creditors. But her, under our statute, there is a creditor of the highest degree, who settles all. questions of preference as soon as he appears, by taking it himself, under, the authority of the public law. These cases, therefore, are ifiapposite to the question before the Court.
It has been already said, that in Engand the effect of the issignment of a bill of lading is not absolute, but depends on the intention of the parties. It may now be added, that there is no case in England, where the assignment of a bill of lading, or
the consignment of a cargo, has been held to pass the propertybut where there is a present debt, and where such consignment or assignment is made and received,as apaymentpro tanto. Such was the case of Hibbert vs. Carter, which was at first decided on .that position.,
But afterwards, on proof that it was not the intention to pass the whole property, that ,decisionwas changed, and the ultimate recovery was on that intention against the indication afforded by the bill of lading, 1 T. R. 745. Lickbarrow and Mason, 2, T

43-

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insi-ance Company.)
R. 63, is not a question between the original parties--as to
whom, it is there said, that their intentionmay be inquiredintobut it was the case of a purchaser,, who had purchased and
paid for the cargo, and took an, assignment of the bill of lading to herself. The result of all the cases is, that such an assignment, -as between the original parties, passes the property oi not, according to the intention. And this conforms to the case in Precedents in Clanoery 289--lucknell & Co. vs. Hoylston. This case was the'case of a bill of sale, which in Hartle and Smith, is said to be a differenit thing from an agreement with regard to a bill of lading. This bill of sale was held, upon the intentioh of the parties, to amount to an equitable security-sufficient to
prevail against a. general creditor--or the general creditors of the deceased, as giving a lien with regard to the specific subject, against other creditors of equal legree. Now, that the intention of the parties in this case looked no farther than to the creation of a security, is averred by the holder.
And when we come to look at the situation of the parties, we
will find that the, creation of a security by way of lien,, was all that was proposed. Therewas no debt due-it depended on a contingency whether
there ever would be a debt. At the time of the insolvency there
was no dlebt. The holder 'of a repondentia bond is not considered as a creditor at all. Hence in England, h6 could not prove his 'debt under a commission of bankruptcy-until a special statute was there made for his case, 1 Holt, 424.
It is not contended that a contingent' debt cannot be secured -there is no doubt that it may. But the absolute tran.fer of property, so as to throw the ownership on a merely contingent creditor, is contrary to the nature of the case. The creation of
a lien to meet the contingency, is natural and proper, and this is all that the parties proposed.
With rega d to the return carg6, which was the property in question,-there is strong grounds for saying that there was a marked intention to keep the property out of the lender, till the return of the vessel, -and the delivery of the bill of lading.
For what he does stipulate from it, is not for a bill of lading
consigning the goods to him; but to order.-Now, in whom does the property under such a title abide? Clearly in the ship-
per-until the title is actuallydelivered to order. The later effect is a transfer only for that time, and here, not delivered till the priority of the United States had attached-say then that the assignmentof the outward billif standing alone,would have passed not only the outward cargo of specie, but the proceeds in the return cargo; yet that very assignment stipulated for an inWard.bill to order, which threw the property.upon the shipper in Canton, who was the representative of Edward Thomson-

JANUARY .TERM, 1828.

436

kCoiaard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

and if the priority of the United States, could not attach before, because the property was in the Company, it attached the very moment the property fell back on Thomson-with the consent of the Company; while the return cargo then was crossing the ocean with a bill of lading to order, in whom was te property of that cargo ? Clearly- in the shipper--charged, if you please, with an equitable lien in behalf of the Company.
A lien, which they could have -enforced only in a Court of Equity, if the bill had not been delivered to their order. Because, at law, the title.was manifestly in the shipper by virtue

of'the bill to order, for which they had stipulated. It is not disputed, that under trie authority of the decree in
Precedents in Chancery, 289, they could have successfully enforced that lien against the other general creditors, and claimed a preference of them, by virtue of that prior lien.
But could they have asserted that preference, against the

United States? Now this case is to be considered as it stood prior to the de-

livery of the bill to order; because the priority of the United States arose prior to that time, and ranged through the whole period, during which the ship was crossing the ocean. If it attached at any time during that period, it could not be dislodged by any thing subsequently done, because it is to be tested only by the state of things which existed, when it arose, and

when it was in full force. The trustees under the general deed of assignment, had no-
power to alter-the condition in which they found the property, so as to affect the priority of the United States.
If they' had acttd ever so fairly, nothing done by them could

have changed the condition ofthings to the prejudice of the rights of the United States. Clear of their priority by law, the United States are the first objeet of that trust itself-could the trustees by

any.fraudulentact on their part, create a legal preference among those creditors? Whether the parties to be benefited by it were connusant of that fraud or not, it is apprehended they could take no benefit by a fraud of the trustee. Hence the impropriety of

arresting the evidence on this subject.
The-positions are again asserted, that with regard to the return cargo, the sole subject of controversy, the legal title to that was in the shipper, that is in Edward Thomson, by virtue

of the bill to order not yet delivered.That this being the very bill stipulkted for in the assignment,

the legal title was in Tiomson, by the consent of the plaintiffs below-charged, at the best, with an equitable lien iu their be-

half. That in this condition of things, the priority of the United

States fell upon the subject.

VOL. T.

31

434

SUPREME COURT.

(conard w. The Atlantc Insurance Company.j
That although the equitable lien of the plaintiffs below, ;iould
have prevailed against general creditors and given the plaintiffs a preterence to payment as against them; yet it is claimed that the preference yielded to the priority of the United States; which h1aving fastened upon the property, in its condition, could not be dislodged, by the subsequent delivery of the bill: to order.

Mr. Justice STORY delivered the opinion of the Court.-
This is an action of trespass, de hon8 asportatis,brought in
the Circuit Court, for the district of Pennsylvania, by the Atlantic Insurance Company, to recover against the. defendant John Conard, the MarshAl of that district, the value of certain teas, shipped on board. the ships Addison and Superior, and levied upon by him, upon an execution, in favour of the United States, against one Edward Thomsofi, as the property of the latter. The real question in the cause is, whether the Insuirance Company or the United States, are entitled to the teas or their proceeds.
The miterial facts, disclosed at the trial in the Circuit Court,
were, as follows.--Edward Thomson Was a merchant, largel) engaged in trade in the city of Philadelphia, in the year 1825; and on.the 21st day of June of that year, borrowed, at respondentia, of the Insurance Company, the sum of 21,000 dollars, upon goods, &c. on board of the ship Addison, of that port, on
a voyage, at and from Philadelphia, to Canton, and at and from thence, back to Philadelphia; beginning the risk, on the 21st of the preceding April; about which time the ship hid sailed on the voyage. Edward Thomson had shipped on board of the Addison, for his own--account and risk, for the voyage,
21,000 Spanish dollars, consigned to J.R. Thomsoi, his ageut and his assigns, and deliverable to him in Canton; and regular bills of lading were accordingly signed; one of which, was retained by the shipper. At the time of the execution of the 'espondentia bond, a memorandiim of agreement was entered
into by the parties, and an assignment made on the back of this bill of lading. The form and, effect of these'instruments, will be n'atter of more particular' comment hereafter1 at present it is only Aecissary to add, that. the loan purports, on the face'of the bond, to be a loan for the joint acdount of E. Thomson, E. H. Nicoll, F. H. Nicoll, and F. S. Bailey; but in, reality, the transaction was for the use and benefit of E. Thomson, and the goods shipped in the Addison, were on his sold account.
On the 14th'July of the same year, a-loan was made to Edward Thomson, of 13,960 dollars, on goods on board the ship Superior, which lid sailed on a sinfiilar voyage, on the 6th of June pre-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

435.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ceding. A rerpondetdiabond was t ei in the same fofn, from the same parties, on the like voyage, with a similar memorandum of assignment of the bill of lading. The-only difference between the transactions was, that-this loan was applied in part
payment of a former loan, made by the Insurance Company on another ship of E. Thomson's., On'thp. 19th of November E. Thomson, having become insolvent,'made a general assignment of all his property to Peter Mackie, and Richard Renshaw ;'for the use of his creditors. At this time, he was very largely indebted to the United States on duty bonds, The Addison left. Cantoi on her return to Philadelphia, having among her papers a bill of lading of the proceeds of the 21,000 dollars, consigned by the shipper (Mr. Fisher attorney fopr 3. R. Thomson,) to order, in blank, and endorsed, in blank, by the shipper, axidifndrked No. 5. This mark was to identify them as the proceeds of the 21,000 dollars. Mr. Fisher also gave the master a manifest, stating the cargo to be consigned to E. Thomson, and a general bill of lading of the -whole--cargo, consigning it to E; Thomson. The invoice and bill of lading, were dated 92d No-
vember 1825. The general bill of lading was not signed. The Superior left Canton, having'.ng her paper' a bill of lailing
of certain articles, valued in the invoice at 339S dollars, con-igned to Peter Mackie, and also a bill of lading of certain articles, valued at 9 1139 86, consigned to Barclay Arny,and both
dated 2d December 1825. Before the arrival of these ships in America, the United States had obtained judgments against E. Thomson, for'large sums of money due upon his bonds at the Custom House. Both ships arrived in ielaware Bay, al.most at the same time; and an execution issued on behalf of the United States, on one of the judgments against E. Thomson, on the 13th March 1826. and was levied on the-shps and their cargoes, on the 15th of March, while theyr were yet in the bay. It was
under this levy, that the goods in controversy were seized by the marshal.
Two or three days before the ships came up to Philadelphia, Peter Mackie, the assignee of E. Thomson, having received duplicates of the invoice and bills of lading of the cargo of the
Addison, delivered them to the agents of the Insurance Company at Philadelphia; and upon the a 'ival of the ship itself, handed over, to the same agent, the invoices and bills of lading, brought by the master. On the 22d of March 1826, Peter
Mackie and BarclaynAmiy endorsed to the Insurance Comliany the invoices and bills of lading, which caide to theif crder by the Superior. These papers came under cover tb EdWard Thomson, several being .enclosed in the same envelop'; and
Mackie all6tted-them to their respective owners, bymeans of the numbers endorsed upon them. These numbers were ori-

436 ,

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
ginally placed' upon the outward and homeward bills of lading,
and invoices, for the purpose of designating the proceeds of each particular shipment. It appeared, that part.of the -1,960 dollars, borrowed of the Insurance Company on the goods in the Superior, was expended in disbursements in Canton; and the two invoices to Mackie and Arny, were consigned to them contrary to instructions; and they assigned them to the Insurance Company, under the belief that they were the proceeds of the outward shipment pledged for the loan. The reason assigned for there being a manifest and general bill of lading, consigning the cargo to Edward Thomson, was te enable him to enter the cargo in his own name, after he had settled with the Insurance Company, and paid the ;espondentia loans. The
several 'particular invoices and bills of lading, were. then to be cancelled, and the master was to sign the general bill-of lading, and the cargo was-to be entered at the Custom House, in the name of E. Thomson. He *as inthe habi. of taking up other
large sums, at respondentia,and this was the usual course of his arrangements in business.
Such is the general outline of t ie case. The loan on the shipment in the Superior, as has been already stated, difTfrs from that on the shipment in the Addison, only in the circumstance that it was applied in discharge of a prior loan. - In our judgment, that makes no difference, as to the legal rights of the parties. The borrower had a right to apply the loan in any manner he pleased; and the mode ofits application,if it be otherwise bona fide, and legal, does not change the posture of the rights of !he lender. We shall therefore dismiss, at once, all further consideration of this point; and treatboth cases, as if they stood-on a single shipment.
Several objections have been taken to these respondentia bonds, to impeach their original validity. It is said, that
they ought to ,be treated as usurious, or gaming contracts; that they are not. to be deemed bona fide transactions, upon real risks; but transactions void in point of law, upon their face. So far as the questions of usury, .or gaming, or bona fides, upon substantial risks, are matters of fact, they Were
left fully open, and havebeen passed upon by the jury, who have found a velfdict against them; so tar as there are -matters
of law apparent upon the record, prQper to avoid the bonds, they are still open for inquiry. Two grounds have been relied on for this purpose; First, that the loans were made after the: sailing of.the" ships on the voyage; 'and Secondly, that the money loaned was not appropriated to the pu'r-. chaseof the goods put on board, And -was not the identical property, on which the risk was -run. Inr our.Judgment, neither of these objections can be sustained. It is not necessary that

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

437

(Conarl v8. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
a re3pondentialoan should be made before the departure of the ship,, on the voyage, nor that the money loaned should be em-
ployed in the outfit of the vessel, or invested in the goods on which the risk is run. It matters not, at What time the loan is made; nor upon what goods the risk Is taken. If the risk of the voyage be substantially and really taken; if the transaction be not a device to cover usury, gaming, or fraud; if the advance be in good faith, for a maritime premium; it is no ohjection. to it, that it was made after the voyage was commenced, nor that the money was appropriated to purposes wholly unconnected with the voyage. The lender is not presumed to lend upon the faith of any particular appropriatibn of the money; and if it were otherwise, his security could not'be avoided by any misapplication of the fund, where the risk was boza fide run upon other goods, and it was not a mere contract of wager and hazard. What could bc the effect, if it were a mere wagering contract, it is unnecessary to consider; because there is the clearest proof here, thdt there was property on board belonging to the borrower, and sailing on the voyage at his risk.
The form of the respondentiabond in the present case is, as far as we know, the common and usual form. The only deviation
from the actual facts is, that it seems in some of its provisions to contemplate the voyage as not then commenced. This probably . 'se from using the common printed form, which is adapted t,. that, as the ordinary case. But it-misled no one, and was certainly perfectly understood by the parties. The risk was taken for the whole voyage, precisely as if the ships had been then in port; and, if before the bonds were given, the property had been actually lost, by any of the perils enumerated in it, it is clear that the loss must have been borne by the lenders. They could not.have recovered it back, since the event was one within the scope- and contemplation of the contract. The safety then of the property, at that particular perio# does not vary the rights of the parties; and from the very nature of the transaction, it must have been utterly unknown to both, whether the ship was at the time, in safety or not. The,
entered into the contract, upon the sual footing of policies o insurance, lost, or not lost. So far as this deviation from the fact bore upon the point of the good faith and reality of the contract, as a genuine maritime loan, it was left to the jury to draw such inferences, as hpon the whole circumstances, they
were warranted to draw. The charge of the learned Judge, in the Circuit Court,. was as favourable to the defence or. this
point, as it could be upon the principles of law. The next question is, -in whom was the property'in the ship-
ment vdsted, at the tima of the levy of the execution of the United States. Was it so vested in the Insurance Company,

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
either in law or equity, that they are now entitled to maintain the present suit; or in other words, to recover the proceeds in the marshal's hands? This depends upon the view taken of the objects, intentions, and acts of the parties, as disclosed in
the bonds, and the accompanying papers. When these are once ascertained and settled, it will not be difficult to arrive at the proper legal conclusion.
It is contended, on behalf of the-United States, that rio title or interest*in the property shipped, passed by the instruments taken collectively, to the Insurance Company; that Edward Thomson remained the sole owner of the goods, and their proceeds, during thewhole voyage; that at most, the Insurance Company had but a lien upon them for the security of their debt, which was displaced by the priority of the United States; and, finally, that if the Insurance Company had any title or irterest in the property, it was not absolute, but by way of mortgage; and even this, coming in competition with the priority of the United States by operation of law, yields to their superior privilege.,
Before poceeding to the discussion of the. right of the Insurance Company over the property in question; itmay be well to consider, what is the nature and effect of the priority of the United States, under the statute of 1799, ch. 128. Although that subject has been several times before this Court, the observations which have fallen from the bar, show, that the opinions of the Court have, sometimes, not been understood according to their true import. The 65th section of
the Act declares, that "in all cases of insolvency, or where any estate in the hands of executors, administrators, and assignees, shall be insufficient to pay all the debts due from the deceased, the debt or debts due to the United States &c. shall be first satisfied; and any executor, administrator, or assignees, or other person, who shall pay any debt due by the person or estate, .frori whom, or for which they, are acting, previous to the debt or debts due to the United States from such person or estate, being first duly satisfied, and paid; shall become answerable in their own person and estate, for the debt, or debts so due to the United States, or so much thereof, as may remain due and unpaid; and adions or suits at law may be commenced against them for the recovery of the said debt or debts, or so much thereof as may remain due and unpaid, in the proper Court having cognizance thereof." A subsequent clause of the same iection declares, that, "the cases of insolvency mentioned in this section, shall be deemed to extend, as well to cases, in which a debtor not having sufficient property to pay all his or her debts, shall have made a voluntary assignment thereof for the benefit of his or her creditors, or in which the

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

439

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
estate and effects, of an absconding, concealed, or absent debtor, shall have been attached by process of law; as to cases, in which an act of legal bankruptcy, shall have been committed." Itis obvious, that this latter clause is merely an explanation of the term "insolvency," used in the first clause- and embraces three classes of cases, all of which relate to living debtors. The case of deceased debtors, stands wholly upon the alternative in the former part of the enactment. Insolvency then, in the sense of the statute, relates to such a general divestment of property, as would in fact be equivalent to insolvency in its technical sense. It supposes, that all the debtor's property has passed from him. This was the language of the decision in the case of the United States vs. Hooe (3 Cranch, 73;) and it was consequently held, that an assignment of part of the debtor's property, did not fall within the provision of the statute. So too,
a mere inability of the debtor to pay all his debts, is not an in. solvency within the statute; but it must be manifested, in one
of the three modes pointed out in the explanatory clause already referred to. That was the point, on which the case oi Prince vs. Bartlett, (8 Cranch,431,) turned.
What then is the nature of the priority, thus limited and
established, in favour of the United States? Is it a right, which supersedes and overrules the assignment of the debtor, as to
any property which the United States may afterwards elect to take in execution, so as to prevent such property from passing by virtue of such assignment to the assignees? Or, is it a mere right of prior payment, out of the general funds of the debtor, in the hands of the assignees? We are of 'opinion that it clearly falls, within the latter description.~ The language employed is that which naturally would be employed to express such an intent; and it must be strained from its ordinary import, to speak any other..
Assuming.that the words "in all cases of insolvency," indicate an entire class of cases, and that the other member of the sentence "or when any estate," &c., is to be read distributively, as has been contended for, on behalf of the United States; it does not, in the slightestdegree, vary the construction of the statute. It will then read, that "1in all cases of insolvency, the debt or debts due to the United States, &c., shall be.firpt satisfied."
But how are they to be satisfied? Plainly, as the mtcciiding clause demonstrates, by the assignees; who.are rendered ppr, sonally liable, if they omit to discharge such debt or debts.,
To enable the assignees to pay the United Stat s, it is indispensable that the fund should pass to them; and if the mere
priority of the United States intercepted it,or gave a right todefeat it, the object of the statute would riot be acccomplished.,

440

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
If the legislature had intended to defeat the passing of the property to the assignees, as against debts due to the United States,
the natural language in which such an intention would be tlothed, would be to declare, that so far, such assignments
should be void. Then again, the very enumeration of the cases of insoliency, in all of which the assignment passes, and is to pass the whole of the.debtor's property, confirms the. in-
terpretation already asserted. They are the very cases, where by law there is no exception as to the extent or operation of the
assignment to divest the debtor's estate. One of these is the case of a legal bankruptcy; .and in the Act on this subjet, passed in the next session of Congress, there is an express provision, in the 69d section,, that " nothing contained in this law shall in any manner affect-the right or preference to prior satisfaction of debts due to the United States," as secured or provided, by any law heretofore passed. Yet the bankrupt Act contains no exception as to the property to be passed to the assignees, in favour of any person. In the case of the United
States vs. Fisher et al. 2 Cranch, 358, which was decided upon great deliberation; this Court held, in the construction of a similar clause in the Act of 3d March 1797, ch. 74, that "no
lien is created by this law; no bonafide transfer of property in the ordinary course of business, is overruled.. It is only a priority in payment, which under different modifications, is a regulation in common use; and this priority is limited to a particular state of things, when the debtor is living, though it takes effect generally, if he be dead." And this doctrine was again recognised in the United States v9. Hooe, 3 Cranch, 73. 90.
If then the property of.the debtor passes to the assignees; if
debts due to the United States constitute no lienmon such property; if the preference or privilege of the United States be no riore than a priority of satisfaction or payment out of a common fund; it would seem to follow, as a necessary conse-
quence, that even if the teas in controversy, were the property of Edward Thomson, they passed by his general assignment, in November 1825, (which is not denied to have been a bona fide, and valid transaction,) to his assignees; and become their property for distribution among his creditors; and were not
liable to the levy inder the execution of the United States. That, however, would be a question merely between the
United States and the assignees, and would ii no shape help the Atlantic Insurance Company to maintain their present suit.
Then, again, it is contended on behalf of the United States, that the priority thus created by law. if it be not of itself

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

44-1

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

a lien, is still superior to any lien, and even to an ;ctuai mort-

gage, on the personal property of the debtor.

It is admitted, that where any absolute conveyance is made,

the property passes so as to defeat the priority; but *it is said

that a lien has been decided to have no such effect; and that in

the cye of a Coitrt of Equity a mortgage is but a lien for a

debt. Thelluson vs. Smith, (2 Wheat. 396,) has been mainly

relied on, in support of this doct ine. -That case has been greatly misunderstood at the bar, and will 'equire a pat'ticular

explanation. But the language of the learned Judge who de-

livered the opinion of the Court, in that case, is conclusive on

the point of a mortgage. "The United States," said he, "are

to be first satisfied; but then it must be out of the debtor's es-

tate. If, therefore, before the right of preference has accrued

to the United States,the debtor has made abonafide conveyance

of his estate, to a third person; or has mortgagegd the same to

secure a debt-or if his property has been seized under a ficri

.facias, the property is divested out of the debtor, and cannot

be made liable to the United States." The same doctrine

may be deduced from the case of United States vs. Fisher, (2

Cranch, S58,) where the Court declared, that "no bona fide

transfer of property in the ordinary course of business, is over-

reached by the statutes ;" anl "that a mortgage is a convey-

ance ofproperty, 'id,.passes it conditionally to the mortgagee."

If sb plain a proposition required any authority to support it,

it is clearly maintained in United States vs. Hooe, "(S Crancl,

73.)

It is true, that in discussions in Courts of Equity, a mortgage

is sometimes called a lien for a debt. And sq it certainly is,

and something more; it is a transfer of theproperty itself, ag

security for the debt. This must be admitted to be true at

law; and it is equally true in eqiuity; for in this respect equity

follows the law. It does not consider the estate of the mort-

gagee as defeated and reduced to a mere lien, but it treats it as

a trust estate, and according to the intention of the parties, as

a qualified estate, and security. When the debt-is discharged,

there is a resulting trust for the mortgagor. It is therefore only

in a loose and g~neral sense that it is sometimes, called a lien,

and then only by-way of contrast to an estate absolute, and in-

defeisible. But it has never yet been decided, by this Court,'

that the priority of the United States will divest a specific

lien, attached to a thing, whether it be accompanied by pos-

session, or not. Cases of lien, accompanied by possession, are

among others; the lien of a ship's owner to detain goods for

freight; the lien of a factor on the goods of his principal for

balances due him; the lien of an artisan for work and services

upon the specific thing. On the other hand. there are .liens

Vor. 1 .

.3 K

SUPREME COURT.
kConard vs.The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
where the right is perfect, independent of possession; as7 the lien of a seaman for wages, and the lien of a bottomry holder oi the ship for the sum loaned. In fione of these cases has it cver.been decided, that in a conflict of satisfaction out of the thing itself, the priority of the United States cut out the lien of tie partic ular creditor. And before such decision is made, it will deserve very grave deliberation, and a marked attention. to what fell from the Court, in Nathan uy. Giles, (5 Taunt. 558. 574.) At present it is wholly unnecessary to decide it, for reasons which will hereafter apear. The case of Thelluson ,s. Smith, (2 lTTeat. S96,) is not understood to justify any such conclusion. That case turned "upon its own particular circumstances. A judgment, 7idi, was obtained against-Cram!nofid on the 20th of May 1805, in favour of Thelluson and others. Orrthe 22d of the same month lie executed a general as.
sigment of all-his estate to trustees for the payment of his debts. At that time he was indebted to the United States; oil several
duty bonds, which became due at subsequent periods. Suits were instituted on these bonds, us. they severally became due, and judgments were obtained and executions issued against Crammond, under which a landed estate called Sedgely, was levied upon and sold by the marshal; and the action was brought by Thelluson and others, against the marshal, to recover the proceeds of this sale in his hands. 'No execution had ever issued upon .the judgment of Thelluson and others against Crammond, and of course there had'been no ley under that judgment on the Sedgely estate, before or after. the levy in favour of the United States. It was adirjitted, that in Pennsylvania a judgment constitutes a lien on the real estate of the judgment debtor; vnd it was assumed by this Court, in the argument of the 6ause, that the judgment of Thelluson and others, bound the estate from the 20th of May, when it was en, tered, , although in fact it was not finally entered, until nearly a year afterwards. The posture of the casd then was, that of a judgment creditor seeking to recover the proceeds of a sale of land sold under an adverse execution, out of the hands of the marshal; upon the ground of his having a mere general lien, by his judgment, on all the lands of his debtor; that judgment never having been consummated,,by any levy on the land itself. The Court decided that the action was not maintainable. The reasons for that opinion are not, owing to accidental .circumstances, as fully given as they are usually given in this Court. But the arguments of the counsel, point out grounds upon which it may have proceeded, without touching the general question of lien. The plaintiffs were entitled to recover only, \upon. the ground that they could establish in 'themnselves a rightful title to the pr6ceeds. Whether the land

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

445

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
itself was rightfully sold under the execufibn of the United States, or any title to it passed by the sale, as against the assignees of Crammond, was not matter of inquiry in that case.
However tortious or invalid it might be, still, if the plaintiffs had no title to the proceeds, they must fail in their action. Under the general assignment -ofthe debtor, the priority of the
United States attached; and if the assignees were willing to acquiesce in the sale, the right of the United States to hold the proceeds, could not be disturbed by third-persons. Now, it is not understood that a general lien by judgment on land, coiustitutes, per 8e, a property, or right, in"the lknd itself. It only confers a right to levy on the same, to .the exclusion of other adverse interests, -subsequent to the judgment; and whenthe levy is actually made on the same, the title of the' creditoe for this'purpose relates back to the time of his judgmert so as to cut out intermediate incumbrances. But, subject to this, the debtor has'full power to sell, or otherwise dispose of the land. His title to it is not divested or transferred by'the judgment to the judgment creditor. It may be levied upon by any other creditor, who is entitled to hold it against every ')ther personexcept such judgment creditor: and even against him, unless he consummates his title by a levy on the land, under his judgmeat. In that event, the prior levy is, as to him, void;, and the creditor lpses all right under it. The case stands, in this respect, precisely upon the same'ground as any other defctive levy, lor sale. The title to the land does not pass under it. In short a judgment creditor has nojus in re, but.a mere pow-
er to make his general lien effectual, by following up the steps of the law, and consummating his judgment by an execution and levy on the land. If the debtor should sell the estate, he has no right to follow the proceeds of the sale, into the hands of vendor or vendee; or to claim the purchase money in the hands of the latter.. - is not like the case where the goods of a person have- been tortiously taken and sold, and he can trace the proceeds, and, waiving the tort, chooses to claim the latter. The only remedy of the judgment creditor is against the thing itselff by.making that a specific title which was before a general lien. He can only claim the proceeds bf the sale of the land, when it has been sold on his own execution, and ought to be applied to its satisfaction. To. this state of things, the language of the Court i Thelluson vs. Smith is to be applied, when it is said, that if the debtor's property is seized under aft. fa. it is divested out of the debtor, and dan-
not be lialfle to the United States. Applying these principles to the facts of that case, it is clear that the Sedgely estate had not been divested out of the debtor by any execution on tle judgment of Thelluson and others; that it either remained in

444

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard vs.,The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
the debtor, and was liable to the execution of any other of his creditors, who choose to levy upon it, subject, of course, to
have his title overruled by their subsequent levy, when perfected; or, that, subject in like manner, it passed by the
assignment, (if that was bona fide,) to the assignees; and in their hands, the Unifed States would have a priority of payment out of it, as general funds, in their hands. The judgment creditors, as such, had no title to any fund in the hands of the assignees, until the priority of the United States was satisfied ; fdr that priority does not yield to-any class of creditors, how-
ever high might be the dignity of their debts. The fact, that a judgment creditor has a lien, does not place
him in a better situation, as a creditor, over the general funds of the debtor in the hands of the assignees. If he possess such a lien he must enforce it in the manner prescribed by law; and if he does, that may so far affiect the interest of the assignee'
*actually subjected to such lien. Buf it gives him no rights to the fund, until he has perfected his lien according to the course
of the law. Until that period, he has merely a power over the property, and not an actual interest in it. This ground is alluded to in that part of the opinion of the Court, where speaking of the 'priority of the United States, it is said, "the law makes no exception in favour of prior judgment creditors, &c. Exceptions there must necessarily be as to the funds out of which the United States are to be satisfied; but there can be none in relation to the debts due from a debtor of the United States to individuals. The United States are to be first satisfied; bt:t then it must be out of the debtor's estate." The real ground of the decision, was, that the judgment, creditor had never perfected his title, by -any execution and levy on the Sedgely estate; that he had acquired no titl6 to the proceeds as his property, and that if the proceeds were to be deemed general funds of the debtor, the priority of the United States to payment had attached against all other creditors; and that
a mere potential lien on land, did not carry a legal title to the proceeds"of a sale, made under an adverse execution. This is the manner in which this case has been understood, by the Judges who concurred in the decision; and it is obvious, that it established no suiah proposition, as that a specific and perfected lien, can be displaced by the mere priority of the United States; since that priority is not of itself equivalent to a
lien. We may then dismiss any farther, consideration-of this to-
pic, unless it shall appear that the right of the reepowmlentiaholders in the present case, is reduced to a mere general-lien; and as to them, at least, (however it may be as to the assignees,) no legal right exists to maintain an action for the proceeds.

JANUARY TERM, 1898.

445

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
The attention of the Court -will then be at once addressed, to' the question, what was the nature and extent of the interest of the Insurance Company in the shipments in question. It is unnecessary to discuss what would have been the rights of the parties, if the respondentiabonds had stood alone; for that is not the, posture of this case- The whole instruments must be taken 'together, and construed as one entire agreement. We must then examine the memorandum, the outward bill of lading and assignments thereoii, ih connexion with the bond. The bill of lading purports, on its face, to be a shipment by Edward Thomson, of seven kegs containing 21,000 dollars, for account
and risk of the shipper; to be delivered at Canton to John IL Thomson, or his assigns. By the well, settled principles of commercial law, the consignee is thus constituted the authorized agent of the owner, whoever he may-be, to receive thd -goods, ind by his endorsements of the bill of lading, to a bona. fide purchaser, for a valuable consideration, without notice of any adverse interests, the latter becens as against all the world, the owner of the goods. This is the result of the principle, that bills of lading are transferable by endorsement, and thus may pass the property. It matters not whether the consignee, in such case, be the buyer of the goo.ls, or thM factor, or agent of the owner. His transfer in such a case is equally capable of divesting the property of the owner, and vesting it in the ehdorsee of the bill of lading:. And, strictly speaking, no person- but such consignee can by an endorsement of the bill of lading, pass the legal title to the goods. 'But if the shipper be' the owner, and the shipment be on his own account, and. risk, although he may not pass the title by virtue of a mere endorsement of the bill of lading, unless he be the consignee, or what is the same thing, it be delivertble to his order; yet by any assignment, either on the bill of lading, or by a separate instrument, he an pass the legal title to the same; and it will be good against all persons, except such a purchaser.for a valuable consideration, by an endorsement of the bill of lading.itself. Such an assignment, not only passes the legal -title as against his agents and factors, but also against his creditors, in favour of the assignee. It is unnecessary to cite particular authorities on these points: they will be found supported "by the authorities cited at the argument, and by the elementary treatises of Mr. Abbott, Mr. Holt, and Mr. Chitty, on this subject; and particularly by Nathan vs. Giles, 5 Taunt. 558. In the present case Edward. Thomson was the owner of the goods, and the consignee was merely his factor. He therefore had full power, notwithstanding the consignment, to pass the title to the property in the bill of lading, by a suitable instru-
ment of assignment and sale against any body, but a purchaser

SUPREME COURT.
(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
without notice from his consignee, without any actual delivery of the goods themselves, if they were then at sea, and incapable of manual tradition.
The question then is, whether theendorsement upon this bill of lading, constitutes such- an instrument ? We are of opinion that it does. It purports to be a transfer in presenti; and uses the appropriate phrases of grant. The words are, "for value received, I hereby assign and transfer to the Atlantic Insurance Company of New-York, the within bill of lading, and the specie, goods, kc.,. to be procured thereon and therebj, and any return cargo, to be obtained &c. by the proceeds thereof; and all the return cargo to be taken on board the within,named ship, by or on my account, as .collateral security, according to an agreement dulyexecuted, and adjoined to a reSpondentiabond, &c., (referring to the memorandum hereinafter stated.) This is not a mere -assignment of the bill of lading itself, operating as an equitable grant of the interest of the owner in that instruIment; but it is of the goods contained in it, and the bill of lading is referred to, by way of description of the subject mutter of the grant. There was. a valuable consideration for it; and as"Edward Thomson was the legal -owner of the goods, the words "assign and transfer," are sufficient words of grant to pass his legaltitle to the same; unless the operation of those words is controlled by some of the other parts of the instrument. The argument admits this; but it supposes, that the accompanying memorandum shows, that such was not the intention of the parties; .and therefore the words are to be construed according to that intention; which was to create a mere lien or equity on the part of the Insurance Company, on the goods. Let us then examine the nature and scope of that memorandum. It begins by a recital, that it. hath been agreed that the bill of lading for the goods &c. mentioned in the re,pondentia bond, shall be endorsed to the Insurance Company, as a collateral security for the loan. This is carried into effect by the assignment above mentioned. It then goes on to recite, that it has been further agreed -that the property to be shipped homeward, as aforesaid, being the proceeds of the loan, (thus considering the specie on board, as a substituted loan,) shall be for the account and risk of the borrowers; that the bills of lad-, ing, therefore, shall express the same, and shall also express that the said property shall be delivered to the order of the shippers; and that the same shall be endorsed in blank, and ,shvll be placed in the hands of the Insurance Company, either before or on the arrival of the said ship, at Philadelphia, as a continuation of such collateral security.
Now, supposing the transaction bonajde, what is there here that controls, even by way of recital, the operation of the words

JANUIARY TERM, 1828.

447

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
of transfer. If the case were one of absolute 'transfer, there might be some room for doubt. But here the transfer was as collateral security. Itwas therefore a mortgage of the goods, and the returns. The shipment out and home, was, as in each case it must be, at the risk, and for the account of the shipper; subject however to the rights of the mbrtgagee; and the very provision that the bills of lading should be delivered to the order of the shipper, and endorsed in blank, and placed in the hands of the Insurance Company, establishes the fact, that it was the intention of the parties that the property of the return cargo, should rest by such endorsement in them. The niemorandum then proceeds to state, that it is expressly declared that the endorsement or consignment, shall not be held to exonerate the persons of the borrowers; nor compel the Insurance Company to accept the goods, &c. which may arrive under such bill of lading and consignment, in discharge of such debt; but that it shall be lawful for the company to receive and h6ld the goods, &c. for ninety days after their arrival at Philadelphia; and if
the debt was not then paid, to' sell the same at auction, and charge the borrowers with the balance. The plain effect of this stipulation is to avow an explicit understanding, that the assignment of the goods should not put them at the isk of the company, but that they should be deemed collateral security only, and be sold after the limited time, to discharge the debt, pro tanto. So far from the intention being indicated, that no
property at all was to pass to the company, the solicitude of the parties seems most carefully employed to repel the notion, that the transfer was absolute and not by way ofmortgage, as collateral security. The memorandum, therefore, confirms and does not impugn, in any degree, the naturat construction of the language of the assignment endorsed on the bill of lading, ag importing a presenttransfer. Indeed we may go farther and as-
sert, that the obvious intention of the parties was to givea specific interest in the goods shipped, so as to make them-secure against the claims of creditors; and, that to construe the instruments to create no more than a lien, liable to be defeated by the acts of either party, oi to be overreached by any-privileged creditors, would be, not to follow, but to frustrate their intention. Of what use could this great apparatus of instrumnents, so anxiously prepared by the parties, be, if it conveyed nojus in re, and left the title of the Insurance Company to the
goods, at the mercy of the creditors of Thomson, to be intercepted at any time before it reached their hands, on its arrival. We are therefore of opinion, that the assignment in this case was sufficient to pass a legal title to the shipment and the proceeds thereof,against Thomson and his assignees and creditors. If, indeed, the assignment had.be n of the outward shipment of

SUPREME COUR1.
(Conard vs. The Atlaftic Ifisurance-Company.)
goods only, itwould have.carried the return cargo,, purchased with'the proceeds; because the produ'et or substitute for the original thing by sale, or otherwise, follows the nature of the thing itself, so long as it can be ascertained as such, and becomes the property of him who -Was the owner, in the same qualiiy as he held the thing. This is the general principle of law, and has been even extended to cases, where there has been a fraudulent or tortious misapplication of property. The case of Taylor vs. Plumer, 3 -Mau4 Sdw. 562, is directly in point; and contains a large collection of the authorities in the elaborate opinion of the Court, pronount:ed by Lord Ellenborough. In this view of.the matter, the only value of the homeward bill .of lading would be as a designation of the proceeds, so as to enable the company to trace and identify them. But the assignment, in terms, transfers the proceedsand returns, and cuts off all possibility of question upon this head. If indeed the title to the proceeds had originally been only an equitable title, and not strictly legal; yet as soon as the company had perfected that :equity, by endorsement in blank, and possession of the homeward bills of lading, their right would have been consuimated at law, so as to entitle them to maintain a suit therefor.. The case of Haille vs. Smith, (I Bos.4 -Pull5.63,) was not so strong as the present; and there the Court held, that the property p'assed, clothed with a trust for the payment oP the debt.
If this, then, be the result of the general principles of law, in cases of this nature, what is there to prevent their application to the present case? First, it is said that this debt upon a repondenin bond is of too contingent a nature to uphold a mortgage, as collateral security for the payment of it. We know of no principle or decision, that justifies such a conclusion. Mortgages
may .as well be given to secure future advances and contingent debts, as those which already exist, and are certain and .due. The only question that properly arises in such cases is, the -bonafides of the transaction. Then, again,,it is said that the
papers here disclose"a transaction fraudulent in its own nature. But we are of opinion that there is nio necessary implication of law on the face pf these papers, which stamps it fraudulent; for ought that appears, the agreement may have been entered into with the most sincere and scrupulous good faith; and whether fraudulent or'not,. in fact, was a question for the jury upon the whole evidence, which was properly left to their consideration; and they have by their verdict negatived the fraud.
The circumstance, that the goods were to b.e at the risk of the shipper and on their account, does not, of itself, affect either the validity or bonafides of the transfer. That must ordinarily occur, where the transfer is made as collateral security, and it

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

449

(Conas&v . The Atlantic Insurance Company.)

was one of the leading facts in Haille vs. Smith, alreadr cited.

1 .Bos.- Pt l. 563. But the main objection relied on, and which indeed consti-
tutes one of the exceptions to'the opinion of the Circuit Court. is, that possession of the return shipment was not obtained until after the levy by the United States; ana it is contended,"

that the want of such possession.is,per ae,a badge of fraud. The. Circuit Court on this point decided, "thait the actual possession of'the above return cargoesby the masters of the Superior and Addison, until levied upon by execution at the suit 6f the United States against Thomson, is not, per se, in law, a badge of fraud, which ought to invalidate or affect the title of the'plain-

tiis to these cargoes."-

It appears to us that this decision is entirely correct in point of law, under the circumstances of the case.

Without undertaking to suggest whether, -in any case, the want of possession of the -thingsold constitutes, perse, a badge of fraud, or is only,primafade, a presumption of fraudi a ques-

tion, upon which much diversity of judgment has been express. ed; it is sufficient to say, that in case even of an absolute sale'of personal propertythe wantof such possessionis not presumptive of fraud, if possession cannot, from the circumstances ol. the property, be within the power of the parties.

A fauniliar example of this doctrine is in the case of a sale of a ship, or goods at sea, where possession is dispensed.with

upon the'plain ground of its impossibility; and it is sufficient if the vendee takes possessidn of the property, within'a reasonable time after its return home. But in cases where the sale is not absolute, but conditional, the want of possession,,if consistent with the stipulations of the parties, and, aforliori, if flow-

ing directly from them, has never been-held, per se, a badge of' fraud. The books are full of cases on this subject. . The casa of Bucknal vs. 'Royston, Prec. in Chamn 285, rans almost upon. all fours With the present. -The case of Sturtevent .vs.Ballard, 9 John. 338, and Bissell vs. Hopkins, 3 Cowen, 166, contains strong illustrations of the principle; and being decisions in che very state, by whose laws the validity of the present

agreement is to be tried, are of high authority. They §ustain the doctrine asserted by the Circuit Court, in the mostample manner; and there is a, learned note by the Reporter to the latter case, which embodies in an exact manner the principal authorities, English as well as American, on this subject. Now,

in the case at bar, the goods at the time of the transfer wero at sea, on a voyage, in which they were to be sold, or exchanged by the consignee, and the proceeds sent back in the same ships.

It was therefore properly in the contemplation of the parties,

and indeed a necessary result of their stipulations, that the

VoL. 1.

3L

450

SUPREME COUR7o

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.),
goods should not be intercepted, or taken possession of by the company, until the close of the voyage; and that the return shipments should conform to this arrangement.
There is no pretence to say, that the plaintiffs did not seek possession of the goods within a reasonable time after the arrival of the goods hQme. Their power to accomplish it was dis"
lodged by the execution of the United States, and they obtained, as early as practicable, possession of the bills of lading, and vouchers of their rights. But so far as the want of possession was matter of evidence presumptive of fraud, it was left open to the consideration of the jury; and the grievance now is, not that it was so left, but that the Court ought to have instructed the jury, as matter of law, that the want of possession, under the circumstances of the case, was, per se, a badge of frau.
We have already expressed an opinion, that the Court were right in the instructions actually given.
Upon the whole we are of opinion, thaq the directions of the
Court upon the merits of-the cause at thd trial, were correct in point of law; and that consequently there is no error in that part of the judgment.
It remains to consider very briefly, certain exceptions taken to the testimony in the progress of the trial.
The first exception is, that the corporate capacity of the plaintiffs was not regularly proved, before the introductiol, of the re'ondentia bond. It is to be considered, that this was a trial upon the merits; and bypleading to the merits, the defend-
ants necessarily admitted the capacity of the plaintiffs to sue. If he intended to' take the exception, it should have been done by a plea in abatement,. and his omission so to do, was a barrier
of this objection. But, independently of this special ground, the very agreement in the case upon which the trial was had, as well as the admissions of the bond- given to the United States, as security to refund the amount, if judgment should pass against the plaintiffs, was certainly Pnimafacie, evidence of -an admission, on the part of the United States, of the corporate
capacity of the plaintiffs, and to throw the burthen of proof oil the other side.
The second exception was to the question put to Austin L.
Sands, whether he was agetit of the company. We, see no objection to this question. It was put in a form
most unexceptionable; and it was a matter of subsequent in-
quiry, in what manner his agency was created; and it'ddes not appear, from the nature of the question, whether it might not have been sufficient to establish that he was an agent, de facto, to receive the bond. It was indeed but an exception to the or-
der of proofs, where several things are to be established to
lead to a result; and in what order the inquiry'is to be had, is

JANUARY TERM; 1828.

451

(C.pnRd M*The Atlantic Insurance vompany.)
matter of discretion in the Court itself, and not,of absolute
right in the party. The next exception is to the allowance of the bond to go. to
the jury upon proof of its execution, by Thomson only. It was a joint and several bond, and if executed by Thomson
alone, it'might be material to the plaintiffs' case. It was not introduced as general evidence, as to all'the parties who were named in it; but only-as to Thomson, and was connected with the title derived under him. Proof of the signature of Thomson6,was, under the circumstances, primafacie evidence of his execution of the instrument.
The fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh exceptions, turned alto-
gether upon the question whether acts and proceedings o5f third persons, not in privity with the Insurance Company, nor known to them, -were evidence against them? Most.clearly they were
not. I The eighth exception involves the point, whether the plain-
tiffs were bound to look to the apRlication of the loan made'by them. If not, the question'asked was properly rejected., And we are of opinion, that the plaintiffs had nothing to do with .the application of the money; and that when- received by Thomson, he had a right to dispose of it in any manner he ple;sed.
Upon the whole, the judgment of the Circuit Court is -t be affirmed with costs.

Mr. Justice JoHzsox.
I concur in the opinion delivered in this cause, and the
rather, because I think it overturns the report of the decisiou in the case of Thelluson vs. Smith. It would be vain, to endearvour to reconcile this decision, with that, which is imputed to the case referred to.
This was nothing in its origin but a mortgage to the Atlantic Insurance Company; and a mortgage of a mere right, a metaplhysical, .transitory thing, over which tfhe act of the party could not operate more immediately, or more forcibly, than a judgment upon land under the laws of Pennsylvania.
But I avail myself of this 'occasion, and I have long wished for an opportunity to put on record some remarks spon the
report of the case of Thelluson vs. Smith. I have never acknowledged its authority in my Circuit, on the point supposed to be decided by it; to wit, the precedence of the debt of'the United States, as to alorenousjudgment, in the case of a general a.signment; and I propose now toshows whatlI think anyone may see by a close inspection of the facts, even as stated in the report, to wit, that the question there suipposed to be decided, really never was raised by the special verdict. It is true, it was argued, and no other question, judging from, the report.

452

SUPREME' COURT.

(Conard vs. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
was argued. But, when the Court came to inspect the record,' it must have seen that the special verdict did not raisethe question, as between the parties to that suit. And,moreover, I find that the reporter has omitted one very material'fact found in the special verdict;, which was, that the United States had no interest in the issue, since their judgment had been voluntarily paid off by the assignees of Crammond the bankrupt. I copy the special verdict entered from the original roli, which I have inspected at the present term.
The jury found," that on the 92d of May 1805, William Cram-
mond of Philadelphia merchant, stood indebted to the United States in several bonds for duties, as follows z-(describing the bonds all of which were due after the date of the assignment.) On the respective bonds suits were brought, judgments' entered, executions issued, and a sale made of a certain real estate called Sedgely, the property of William Crammond, and the proceeds thence arising came to the hands of the defendant John Smith marshal of Pennsylvania district, from whom it is claimed by the plaintiffs (who tre) creditors of thd said William Crammond on the following grounds.--A suit was instituted by the plaintiffs, in the Circuit Court of the United States for the district of Pennsylvania, against the said William Crammond, as of October Sessions 1802, and a judgment in the said suit, in favour of the plaintiffs, and against-the said Crammond, was obtained for 32,253 dollars, on the 20th of May 1805.On the 22d of May 1805, the said William Crammond was insol-' vent, and had not sufficient property to pay all his debts. But his insolvency was not a matter of g~neral notoriety. On the 22d day of the said month, the said William Crammond ixecuted a general assignment of his estate and effects, bearing date the same day and year, and delivered it to the assignees therein named (prou assignment;) being on the said 22d of May, unable to satisfy all his debts. The moneys in the hands.of the defendants, are claimed by the assignees under the said assignment, who have satisfied the United States the amount of the delts due the United States. If upon the whole matter," kc., in the usual alternative form of a special verdict.
Judgnent below was rendered for defendant, and it is impossible it could have been otherwise; but not, as I. conceive,
upon the ground stated, since it is one which the verdict does, not raise. It is true, the question was argued, but adjudications are not to have their effect from the questions argued, and thd views taken by counsel in their points or briefs. There is a sensible rule laid down on this subject, in a book of grave authority, and the truth -f which this Court has had occasion to verify not unfrequently; the pu.rport of which is, that coun-
tel ought not to -move any thing in arrest of judgment, ex-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

453

(Conard v8. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
cept the roll wherein the judgment is entered, or the postea, be in Court, 22 Cas. B. B., and the reason assigned is, that the Court may be satisfied that the matter moved" in arrest of judgment is truly recited from the record; for the Court will not rely upon the allegation of counsel at the bar."
It often happens, after the most protracted discussions, that the Court differ from counsel in their views of the questions actually raised on the record, and on grounds which have not been argued.
In the case of Thelluson vs. Smith, I hold it to be incontrovertible, that the question of priority could not have been adjudic'ated upon, on the verdict, as set out in the record.
The special verdict does not give the.date of the levy, and sale by the marshal, under the judgment by the United States; but as all .Cramnmond's bonds to the United States fell due after the date of the assignment, it.follows that the judgment, and necessarily all proceedings under it, were subsequent to the execution of that deed. The iand levied on, therefore, had passed out of Crammond before the judgment of the United States wag obtained, and of consequence the levy and sale under their execution, was a mere nullity. Could this furnish the ground of an"action for money had and'received by the Thellusons, in right of a judgment prior to the consignment, agdinst Smith the marshal? It obviously could not" For as against
the Thellusons' rights, whatever they were, nothing had passed. The purchaser of the lands at marshal's sale, who had received nothing for the money, might have brought, such an action against the marshal; and the assignees might have sued for and recovered, the land; in which case it would ]save been held by them, as before, subject to Thelluson's judgment. But
as between Thelluson and the marshal, there was no privity of action. And this was the true ground for rendering the judgment of this Court, in the suit against the marshal.
It is true the gpecial verdict introduces the assignees into the cause, 'as claiming the money raised by the'marshal, on the supposition, that after satisfying the United States, they succeeded to the priority of the United States. But suppose this recovery had been had against Smith, what was there to prevent the assignees from going on at law, to recover the land
of the vendee? They were no parties to the record,- and there is nothing in the pleadings, or the verdict, to show that they
had intervened, or had a right to intervene in the name of the United States. They could not maintain a right to succeed to
the United States, under the provisions of the 65th section of the Act of 1799, 3 vol. p. 197; because' that right.is extended only to sureties upon the bond4. If they had acquired any right
as against the Thellusons, it was a mere general equity, which

454

SUPREME COURT.

(Conard w. The Atlantic Insurance Company.)
could only have been asserted in a Court of Equity. At law, in this ipdirect mode, it could not have been asserted, if it aould have availed them at all.
I, at least, would have it understood that I concurred in the judgment in the case of Thellusonvs. Smith, on no other ground than the want of privity between the parties. Nor can I acknowledge it as authority to any other point; since the United States were satisfied, and the assignees could not be regarded in any view, at law, as succeeding to the priority of the United States, if the United States had priority; and since that priority could not come in question, in a-case in which the sale ofthe land was a mete nullity; as is distinctly affirmed in the present decision, because the assignment divested all the interest of the insolvent, so as to place it beyond the action of thefieri faciaW, issuing on the judgment of the United States.

Judgment affirmed, with cots.

TANUARY TERM, 1828.
ALLISON R-OSS, PLAINTIFF IN ERRORj VS. JOHN Doz ON THtE DE-
MISE OF ADAm BARLAND, AND OTHERS.
Both the plaintiff and defendants claimcd title under the provisions of the Act of Congress, passed 3d March, 1803, entitled ",An Act regulating the grants of land, and providing for the disposal of the lands of the United States, south of the state of Tennessce ;" and the decision of the Supreme Court ef the state of Mississippi, was, upon the construction given to that Act, by the commissioners acting under its authority. This is a case which draws into question the construction of an Act of Congress, and the Supreme Court of the United States has jurisdiction on a writ of error, by which the decision of the Court of the state of Mississippi is brought up for revision, under the 25th section of the Judiciary Act of 1789. {663}
Where bythe established practice of Courts in particular states, the Courts in actions of ejectment look beyond the grant, and examine the progressive stages of the title, from its incipient state until its consummation; such a -practice will form the law of case s decided under the sAme in these states, and the Supreme Court of the United States, regard those rules of decision in cases brought up from sugh states, provided that in so doing, they do not suffer the provisions of any statute of the United States to be violated. 1664}
Under the Actof Congresi of March 3d, 1803,such lands only were authorized to be offered for sale, as had not been appropriated by the preiious sections of the law, and certificates granted by the commissioners in pursuance thereof. A right therefore, to a particular tract of land derived from a donation certificate given under that law, is superior to the title of any one who purchased the same land at the public sales, unless there is sonic fatal infirmity in the certificate, which renders it void. {6661
The Act of Congress requires no precise form for the donation certificate. It is sufficient if the proofs be eXhibited to the Court of commissioners, to satisfy them of the fhcts entitling the party to the certificate. It is suffi, cient if the consideration, to wit the occupancy, and-the quantity granted, appears. Nothing more is necessary to certify to the government the. party's right, or to enable him, after it is surveyed by the proper officer. to pbtain a patent. 16661
The second section of the Act of-Congress of March 3, 1803, w. s intended to confer a bounty on a nunferous class of individuals, and in construing the ambiguous words of the section. it is the duty of the Court to adopt that construction which will best effect the liberal intentions 6f the legislature. 16671
The time when the territory 6ver which -this law operated was evacuated by the Spanish troops, was very important; as the law was intended to provide fbr those who were actually at that time innabitants of, and cultivated the soil within it; but whether it was in 1797, or 1798, was comparatively unimportant. The decision of the commissioners upon the period when the evacuation took place, is sufficient ; and the Court are disposed to adopt the construction of the Act, given by the commissionera west of Pearl river : that the evacuation took. place on the 30th March, 1798, by which persons coming within the objects of the section. were entitled to donation certificates. 16671

SUPREME COURT.

(Ioss vs. Doe on the demise of Barlandlet al.)

Congress have treated as erroneous, the construction given to the law by

the commissioners to settle claims to lands east of Pearl river, who have

decided, that only those who were settled oa the lands within the territory in the year 1797, were entitled to donation certificates, and who had

granted to others preemption certificates. 1668}

The commissioners appointed under the Act of Congress relative to claims to lands of the United States south of the state of Tennessee, were au-

thorized to hear evidence as to the ime of the actual evacuation of the territory by the Spanish troops ; and to decide upon the fact. The law

=,;snem poier to hear and decide all matters respecting such claims,

,nd to determine thereon, according to justice and equity; and declared their dliberations shal be final. The Court are bound topresume that every fact necessaryto warrant the certificate, in the terms of it, was prov-

ethde.bme,fotrheat'tthhee

fcinoaml mevsasciounaetirosn

;-and that consequently, it was shown to of the territory by the'Spanish troops, took

place op the 30th rof March, 1798. ;668}

ERROR to the Supreme Court of the state of Mississippi.

This action of. ejectment was originally instituted ,by the lsetsasteee ofofMtihsseisdsiepfepni,dacnittiszeinns eorfrtohra,tinstatthee aCgirincustitAClloisuornt oRf otsh, e
the plaintif in error, to recover a traoct f land lying in that

tate. The plaintiff, in.that Court, obtained a verdict for the land, and' on the trial of the cause a bill of exceptions was taken to .the opinioh of the Circuit Court upon'certain instruc-

·tions which were refused to be given; when required by the counsel for the defendant below. From the decision of the state Circuit Cour the defendant in that Court, appealed to the

Supreme Court of the state of Mississippi, and the judgment of' the Circuit Court having been affirmed in that Court, he

prosecuted .a writ of error to this Court.

The bill of exceptions, aent up with the record, sets forth

that the counsel for the plaintiff in error, moved the Circuit

Court to instruct the jury th't if they shQuld be ofopinion

that the defendanti ' the ejectment was in possession of the

land in contrqversy under a patent from the United States to

Isaac'Ross, dated i

othA1u8g1t9st, and assigned by'him to

the saidndefendantr the plaintifrin the ejectment could not re-

cove. The patent to Isaac Ross, was founded upon a certificate

of the Register of thecaland-ofce west of Pearl river, and was for

theland in controversy; whict hati beien sold at the sales of the

liitds otuhfe United State, and purchased'by Isaac Rosst who

aftrwards asigned the same to AllisonRoss,, the defendant

below. The patent was of older date ta th thpeatent held by the es-
sors of the plaintiff below'; whch patent was'issuedto Joseph
White, on a cetificateof the Board of C mmissioners wfcst of. Pearl river, granted- in pursuance of an Act of Congress, passed the 3d of March 1803, entitled "An Asct regulating

JANUAA1 TERM, 1828.

W5

(Ross vs. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)

the grants of land, and providing for the sales of lands of the United States, south of the state of Tennessee."
The instructiQns required, claimed that the-elder patent of
the defendant bolow, should prevail in the actign of ijectment"
in'a Court of Law, against'the junior patent of the lQAt, tal.
though the junior patent -emanated from a prior certific~teof

the commissioners.

The Court refused to give the instructions prayed for, btit

on the contrary instructed them that the junior, patent of the plaintiff in the ejectment, emanating upon a certificatefor a: do-

nation claim,- prior in date to the patent under 'which the defendant claims, would overreach the elder piatent of the de-

fendant, and in point'of law should prevait against it. 'The plaintiff in error contended, that the Court below erred

in refusing the instructions prayed for, and in the instructions they gave to the jury in favour of the title of the plaintiff-:in

the ejectment.

The case was argued for the plaintifflin error, by Mr. Wirt,

Attorney-General, and by Mr.-Coxe for the defendants.

For the plaintiffin eirror.-The patent under which the,defendants claim to hold the.laid- was granted under a donation

certificate, issued by the Board of Commissioners, west of Pearl river. The -fand in question was sold' at public sale, ,by

the government of the United States, and Was -purchased by the assignor of the plaintiff in error, ignorant of any other title--the 'purchase money was paid-a patent issued to -himr, from the general land-office, and possession was taken. The bolder of the donation certificate applied for a patent, and

the land-office, not knowing of the prior patent, granted his

request, and- he hpldirig a junior patent, brought this ejectment in the state Court of Mississipi. The question be-

fore .that Court was; whether -before a Court of Law, the junior patent cop-ld be given in evidence. The-Court refused'to instruct the jury that the senior pateit was the. best title, and gave instructions that the junior patent, in' confoikmity with

the donation certificate, gave the defendaut in error the title to

the land described in it.

The first question to be considered is: Whether in a Court

wf Law, the proceedings, behind the patent, can be looked at to

asceytain the validity of such a patent? Several references have been given by the opposite counsel,

but they are all cases of Chancery proceedings, and there is no

doubt Chancery can do- this. The questibn now is, can a' Court of Law do it? It has been decided here, that this can be

done; but this was only when the local law of the state, in

whidh the case arose, authorized such an examination; but not

VOIA I.

4.O

658

SUPREME COURT.

(Ross ts. Doe on the demise of'farlancl et al.)
upon any principles of general law. Poik's Lessee vs. Wendell et al. 9 Cranchi, 87. f 77eat. 432 5 Wheat. 293.
The decisions of the Courts of Virginia cdnsider the prior patent conclusive, unless in case of fraud; and it is not known that any adjudications in the Coi rts of Mississippi have established a different principle.
2. But if the Court can go into the examination of circumstances whichprepeded the patent, still the instruction given to the jury was wrong, as the junior patent cannotprevail, unless it is warranted by-the prior steps.
The certificate-given by the commissioners is not a donation, but a pre-emption certificate. This is shown by a reference to the provisions of the Act of C.ougress. The Act of d March 18S (2 Stor9t's L_,aws U. J. 893,) is the foundation of the certificate.
The second sectior of that Act gives land to those who "actually inhabited and cultivated"thethetetrrraitcot,ryonotnhethdeay 2ththe SOpcatonbisehr t1ro7o97p.s actually evacuated
The third sectibn gives to persons inhabiting and cultivating a tract at the time of the passing of the law, a pre-emp-
tion certifiate for such tract.' The certificate'tunder which the "thpleaitnrtaicfftsbbeylotwheapppaltieendtefeo,r oan ptahteen1ts, thstoafte' sMtahrechoc1c7u9p8.atioTnhiosf
therefore, could not be, a donation certificate, which could, only blaen'dgraonnttehde 2to7tha opferOsocntobwehr o17"9i7n,haanbditeitdmaunsdt hcauvletivbaetead"givtehne
under the third section, which authorizes the issuing of preemption certi0cates.
The certificate granted to the holder" of the junior patent, states, that he"¢ occupied" the land, and this doe not, ew wi termini, mean inhabit and cultivate.
It was the duty of the plaintiff to make out a good' title, and if he does not show, that by the course of decisions i Mississippi you. can look behind the patent, he has failed to doso.
The period at which the territory was actually evacuated by the Spanish troops, is not lnown to the Court, otherwise than as stated in the a2t of Congress; whieI affirms the same to have been 6n the 27th of October 1797 Congress have legis-
llaetgeidslaatsi.otno. tahs~etolanthdosseeawsthoicf hPeliaerlwreisvteor,f bthuet tshaenree. haTshebeCenounrot.
'ihsavaedohneraetionnothceinrtgifitcoatdeo. , wbuitithitno tdheecisdeecowndhesthecetriotnhisofcethrteifilcaawte and to 'do this they must dede upon facts which were or te
jury alone. Coxe for'the defendant in error.a 1. ahis is not a case in which the Suprem e Court can enter-
ta jurisdiction. Ic ih a writ of error directed to the hibhest

JANUARY TERM, 1828;

659

(Ross v3. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)
Court of the state of Mississippi; and the 25th section of the Judiciary Act, furnishes the only rule by which to determine
the question of jurisdiction. The plaintiff in error has not produced the clause in the'Con-
stitution--the treaty or statute, under which he claims this pro-
zeeding; nor can he dezignate it. The Court below being of opinion, that the case of the defendant'in error was within the'pro-
visions of,the Act of Congress, decided the case upon general principles, and held that his title is, in law and equity, paramount to that of his opponent. Had the Court decided differently,
this Court would have had jurisdiction; but theeCnstitution
and Judiciary Act do not confer this jurisdiction in every case,
inwhich the plaintiff in error claims title under a patent from the United States;, which is the ,only ground upon which it is pretended to exist here. ' Should this doctrine meet the sanction of the Court, it will be difficult to conceive a case of ejeet-
ment-that can be brought in any of our states, in-which this 4'ourt may not entertain jurisdiction; for nearly every title is -lerived from, or depends upon a patent from the United States.
Again, what.question. can this Court decide, admitting it to
possess jurisdiction? The same 25th section expresslydeclares, that no error shall be assigned, or regarded as a ground of re.versal, but such as appears on the face of the record, and immediately resp'ects the before mentioned questions of validity or construction of the said Constitution, &c. No such" ques-
tion is presented on this rec6rd. The. construction of the 25th section has been frequently before this Court, and may be considered as settled. Inglee vs. Coolidge, .2 Wheat. 368, decides,
that the error contemplated in the statute, must be apparent on the record. Matthews vs. Zane, 7 Wheat. 164. Martinvs. Hunter, 1 WThcat. 857. Montgomery vs. Hernandez, 12 Wheat. 132. Ilickie et al. vs. Starke et al., at this Term, ante, p. 94.
The case is clear upon the merits, should-the Court examine them. The title of defendant in error is based upon the 2d section of the Act of March 3d, 1803, c. 340. 3 L. U. S, 546. To every person, &-c., who did on that day: of the year 1797,
when the Mississippi territory was finally evacuated by the Spa1sh1troop.s, actually inhabit and cultivate a tract of Iand in the said territor'y, &c., the said tract of land, thus inhabited and cultivated, shall be granted. The objection is, "that the certilicate of the Board of Commissioners under which this title is derived, shows an occupane on and before-the S0th of March 1798. It is admitted, that this ii primafaie, erroneoui, and that it is incumbent on -the party claiming under such a donation certificate, to show that it is warranted by the fair construction of the statute.
The design of Congress in this section, was to secure the

SUPREME COURT.
(Moss ve, Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)
titles of actual occupants, who had taken possession under Spa. nish authorities; and the period up to which such occupancy should be entitled to this protection, is fixed by two circumstances-it must be on a day in the year 1797-and on the day when the Spanish troops finally evacuated this territory, the right to-which had been so long contested between the two nations, and which was finally settled by the treaty of 1795. . It is certainly 'true, that Congress at the date of this law, were ignbrant of the precise day when this evacuation occurred, and were mistaken as to the year. The Spanish troops finally evacuated the territory, on the 30th of March 1798, as is stated by an eye-witness of the fact; Ellicotis Journ. 176. Under the Act of 1803, two Boards of Commissioners were created, the one for the lands east of Pearl river, the other for the lands west-of the same stream. These Boards were organized, and proceeded to business in the latter part of the same year. Thc Board to the. west of Pearl river, discovered the incongruity in the statute. This Board proceed.d to execute their duties, and all their donation cirtificates, air ounting in number to. near 300, have reference to an occupancy on and before the 50th March 1798. This construction of the law, it is apprehended, is not only correct in itself, but has received the implied sanction of the legislatu~re. In consequence of the diversity of opinion and ofpractice between the two Boards, Congress passed another law, on the 21st of April 1806, c. 46; the 4th sectisn of which enacts, that whenever it shall appear, to the satistz ction 'of the register and receiver of the district east of Pearl river, that the settlement and occupancy, by virtue of which a pre-emption certificate had been granted by the commissioners, had been made and taken place prior to the Sdth of March 1798,-they shall be authorized to grant to the party a donation certificate in lieu of duch pre-emption. This was a leglslativn sanction, given to the opinion of the Board of Commissioners, west of Pearl river, who had, in the cases contemplated in this provision; considered the parties as within the 2d section of the Act of 1803, and therefore entitled to a donation certificate; and a legislative-repudiation -6f the construction given by the Dthe.r Board, who had considered such cases as coming within the 3d-section of the Act of 1803, and the parties entitled only to a pre-emption title. On the SI-st of March 1808, Congress passed another law, c. 40, the 2d section of which .re-enacts and e-.tetxds the benefit of the 4th section of the Act of April 21st 1806.
Independently, however, of thesb legislative provisions, it is the only fair interpretation of which, under the circumstances, the 2d section of the Act of 1803 is susceptible. A literal compliance with the Act is impossible, as there was no day in

JANUARY TERM,. 1828.

6361

(Ross vs. Doe on the aemisr. oF Barland et al).
the year 1797, in which the Spanish iroops finally evacuated the Mississippi territory. Either some latitude of construction must be adnitted, or this section must become a, dead letter,
and'every-title dependent uPn- its provisions, annulled. The obvious meaning of the Act, was to make the period of evacu-
ation the punctur tempori, to which the occupancy 9hould'refer, and as the one incident or the other, mist yield,, in order to carry the whole design of the legislature into operation, the expunging of the words "in the year 1797," involves the least sacrifice, and tends more effectually than any thing else, to further the intentions of the legislature.
In settling this question of construction, the practice of the government, and of its lawfully authorized agents is entitltd to much consideration. This construction has received the sanction of the Board of Commissioners, who were invested not only with ministerial, but judicial functions; and who throughout the
whole period of their existence so' interpreted the law. It has received the sanction of the land-office, and of the executive, for
patents have invariably been granted on such certificates. In Edward's lessee vs. Darby, 19 W9heat. 210, this Court
seems to recoguise the importance of recurring to such soures of information.
in 6rder to arrive at the true construction of a statute, or even to enable it correctly to interpret the provisions of the Constitution, the Court Nill refer to, and judicially notice the historical facts which are essential to their correct interpretation. This was done in the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 ftheat. 1.
If then, this form of certificate be correct under the law, what
is its operation? The 2d section says that the-land thus occupied shall be granted to the occupant; this does look- as if Congress designed some ulterior act to be done to vest the title. The language of the 8th section amounts, however, to a present legislative grant.. It provides, that so much of the five millionsof acres, reservei -for'thatpurpose, as maybe necessary to satisfy various classes of claims, enumerating particularly -those which are embraced by the 2d section of the Act, "be and the same is hereby appropriated." This language is-more definite than that which this Court, in Simms vs. Irvine, 3 Dall. 425i construed to confer a legal title as effectually as a patent. Cited also 2 Wheat. 196.
If this view of the case be correct, it follows, that the title of the plaintiff in error is radically and intrinsically a nullity. The patent under which he claims, cannot be valid, even at law, if
at the period of its emanation, the United States .had no title. Polk's Lessee vs. Wendell, 9 Cranch,87. 94. Patterson vs. Winln,
11 Wheat. 304.

,66,2

SUPREME COURT.

(Ross vs. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)
Neithef the language, nor the policy of any law, limits the time within which we were to call for the patent. No money
was to be paid beyond the mere official fee for the paper. No person could be injured by the delay; and in this view, nearly all the patents emanating on donation certificates, bear date
about the same period of time. The case is therefore relieved from the difficulties presented
by the question whether the Court will look behind the elder patent, and investigate the prior rights of the parties. The various decisions on that question relate exclusively to cases in which no other than an equitable title existed before the patent, and where the patent itself properly issued.' Even in such cases,'this Court has adopted the practice of the state Courts where the land was situated, and have decided either for or against the conclusiveness of the patent, as to the legal title, according to the varying ideas of the state Courts. In this case it is incumbent on the plaintiff in error to show, affirmatively,. that the state Court has erred. Kirk vs. Smith, 9 Wheat. 241. And to do this, he must show, that under the law of Mississippi, the patent is the only and conclusive evidence of the legal title. No authority to this point, can, it is believed, be produced.

Mr. Justice TRIMBLE delivered the opinion of the Court.-
This was an action of ejectment, originally instituted in a
Circuit Court of the state of Missisippi. Upon the'trial of the cause, ih the Court of original jurisdic-
tionb, the defendAnt excepted to the opinion of the Court, in overruling instructions moved on his part, to be given to the jury, and also to the instructions given by the Court, at the trial of the cause.
In the bill of exceptions tendered by the plaintiff in errbr in t6t Court below, are inserted the titles of the parties to the land in controversy, and the facts, upon which the questions of law arise, which were decided by the Court. A verdict 4nd judgment were rendered against the defendant, from which he appealed to the Supreme Court of the state, being the highest Court of lIw therein, where the judgment was affirmed; and the case is now brought before this Court, by wrii of error to the Supreme Court of the-state.
The material facts of the case are the following: The lessara of the plaintiffs in the action of ejectment, claimed the land in- controversy under and by virtue of a patent from the United State , dated the 13th day of October 1820, which was given in evidence. This patent emanated upon a certificate of the Board of Commissioners west of Pearl river, organized under the provisions of the Act of Cong:ess, of the 3d of Marc 1803, entitled "An Act regulating the grants of land, and providing

JANUARY TERM, 182S.

663

(Ross vs. Doe on the demise of 3arland et al.)
for the disposal of the lands of the United States, south of the state of Tennessee;"' which certificate was also given in evidence, and bears date the 15th day of Fcbruary 1807. The importani parts of the certificate a're in the followingwords, to wit: Joseph White claims a tract of six hundred and forty acres of land, situated in Claiborne county, on the waters of Bayou Pierre, by virtue of the occupancy of the, claimant on and before the 30th day of Marth, in the year one ihousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. We certify that the said Joseph
White is entitled to a patent therefor, from the United States, by virtue of the recited Act." . The defendant claimed and held possession of the land, under
and by virtue of a patent from the United States, dated the 12th
day of August 1819, for 553 acres of land. This patent is founded upon a purchase at the general sale of the lands of the. United States, at Washington- Mississippi; under the authori.
ty of the before recited Act of Congress. Upon this state of facts, the counsel for the defendant moved
the Court to instruct the jury; "That in such a case, the older patent of the defendant under which he claimed possessien, should prevail in the action of ejectment in a Court of Law.. agaiist the said junior patent of the plaintiff; although the said junior patent of the plaintiff emanated upon a prior certificate of the Board of Commissioners, west of Pearl river; but the Court refused to give such instructions in point of law to the jury, but on the contrary, instructed them,.that the junior pa" tent of the said plaintiff, emanating upon a certificate of a donation claim, prior in date to the patent under which the defendant claims, would overreach the patent of the defendaut..
and in point of law should prevail against such prior patent oT" the defendant."
These opinions having oeen affirmed upon appeal to the Su-
preme Court of the state, the object of this writ of error is to. have them reviewed in this Court.
'It has been objected, that this Court has not jurisdiction of the case. By the second section of the third article of th'e Constitu-
tion, it is declared, "That the judicial power shall extend to all cases arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United
States and treaties made, or to be made under their authority' &c." By the 25th section of the Judiciary Act of 1-789,' made
in pursuance of this provision of the Constitution, it is enacted "That a final judgment or decree in any suit, in the highest
Court of law or equity of a state in which a decision ih the suit could be had, where is draivn in question the construction of
any statute of the United States, and the decision is againsi the title or right, cc., specially set up or claimed by either party, &c., under such statute, Fc.. may be. re-e.ainied and re-

664

SUPREME COURT.

(Ross v. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)
versed or affirmed,. by the Supreme Court of the United Statcs, upqn a writ of error."
In this case, the titles of both parties are derived under an
,Actof Congress; the construction 6f the statute is drawn directly in question; and the decision of the highest Court of Law of the state, is against title thd right of the party, special-
ly set up in his-defence under the statute. This case is liot distinguishable from the case of-Matthews vs. Zane, 4 Cr'anz, 385, in which thekjurisdictlon of this Court was maintained.
For the plaintiff in error, it is argued, that the state Court erred in deciding that the elder grant should not prevail in the
action of ejectmet. It isundouhtedly true, that upon common.law principles the
legal title should prevail in the action of ejectment, upon the sme grounds that the legal right prevails in other actions in Courts of Law. It is so held in those states in which the principles of the common law are carried into full eftect, and the. course of proceedifig in the action of ejectment are according to those principles.. In tht. states where these principles prc
vail, it is held,that in a trial at law the Cpurts will not look behind, or beyond: a grant, to the rights upoi which it is founded; nbr examine the progressive-tages of the title, antecedent to the grant.
But in other states, the Courts of Law proceed upon other principles. In the action of ejectment, they look beyond the grant, and examine the progressive stages of the-title, from its incipient state, whether by warrant, suryey, entry, or certificate, until its final consummation by grant; and if found regular and according to law, in these progressive stages, the grant is held to relate back to the inception of the right and to have dignity
accordingly. This latter course, seems to be the one adoptcd and pursued
by the Courts of Mississippi. ' It is enough for us to say, that iii so doing, and in applying their peculiar mode of procecding to titles derived through and under'the laws of the United States, they violated no provisions of any statute of the United States.
·The important question in the case is this: In applying its own principles and practice in the action of ejectment, as might well be done to this case, has the Court misconstrued the Act of Congress, indeciding that the grant of the plaintiff, emanating upon the donation certificate of the Board of Commissioners, west of Pearl river; set forth in the record, would overreach the defendant's grant, and should prevail against it in the ac"ion,of ejectment?
This draws in question the construction of the Act of Con-
gress of 180-3. and gives this Court jurisdiction of the case.

3ANUARY TERM,\4 18Z8.

6r5

(Ross muD. oe on the demise of Barland et aL)

It is well known, that prior to the treaty of San Lorenzo, of the e7th of, October 1795, controversics had long existed between the United Statcs and his Catholic Majesty, on the subject of
the boundaries which separated the United States, and the Spanish provinces of East and-Vest Florida. The second

article of that treaty declares "That the southern boundary of the United States, which divides their territory from the Spanish colonies of Ea~t and XVest Florida, shall be designated by a line beginning on the Mississippi river, at the north-

ernmost part of the thirty-first degree of latitude, north of the equator, which, from thence, shall be drawn due east to the middle of the river Appalachicola,". &c. And it is agreed, that if there should be any troops, garrisons, or settlemefits" of

either party, in the territory of the other, according to the

above mentioned boundaries, they should be withdrawn from the said territory, within the term of six months, after the ra tification of this treaty, or sooner if it be possible.

It is matter of public history, that there were Spanish troops, garrisons, and settlements north of this boundary, and within the territory of the United States; which were not withdrawn, till long after the time stipulated by the treaty.
By the second section of the before recited Act of Congress, of the 3d of March 1803; it is enacted "1That to every person, or to

the'legal representative or representatives of every person, who,. either being the head of a family, or of twenty-one years 'of age, did, on that day of the year 1797, when the Mississippi territory was finally evacuated by the Spanish troops, actually inhabit and cultivate a tract of land in the said territory, &c. the said tract of land 'thus inhabited -and cultivate4 shall be granted, provided, however, that not more than one tract shall be thus granted to uny one person, and the 'same shall not contain more than 640 acres; and provided that this donation shall

not be made to any person who'claihis any other tract of land in the said territory, by virtue of any British, or' Spanish.

grant, or order of survey." The sixth section of the Adt provides for the establishment

of two Boards of Commissioners, one east and the other west
of Pearl river, in said territory; "for the purpose of ascertaining the rights of persons claiming the benefit of the articles of

agreement and cession between the United States and state

of Georgia, or of the three first sections of this Act. And
each Board, or a majority of each Board, shall, in their respective districts, have power to hear and decide in a summary

manner, all matters respecting such claims; also to administer oaths and examine witnesses, and such other testimony, as may

be addilced, and to determine thereon, according to justice and

equity; which determination, so far as relates to any righMs

VoL. L

4 P

666

SUPREME COURT.

(Ross vs. Doe oni the demise of Barland et a.)
derived from the articles of agreement aforesaid, or from thc Ebree first sections of this Act, shall be final."
The eleventh section" provides "That the-lands. for which
certificates of any description whatsoever shal haye been granted by the commissioners, in pursuance:of the provisions of this Act, shall, as soon as may be, be surveyed.. And the
said surveyor shall cause all the other lands of the United States, in the Mississippi territory, to be surveyed."
And the twelfth section provides, that all the lands afore-. said, not otherwise disposed of or excepted, by virtue of the p-ovisions of the preceding sections of this Act, shall (with certain other reservations and exceptions) be offered for sale.
As, such lands only were authorized to be offered for sale, as had not been appropriated by the previous sections of the law, and certificates granted by the commissioners, in pursuance thereof; it follows, incontestably that the right of the plain-
tiff in. the ejectment, derived from a donation certificate, is superior to that of the defendant, derived from a purchase at the sales, unless there is some fatal infirmity in the certificate, -which renders it void. This has not been contested.
But it is objected to this certificate:1. That it is not a donation certificate. 9. That it is not sufficiently precise, and does not aver all
the facts necessary to authorize the commissioners. to grant a certificate.
S. The period of occupancy, is alleged to be the 30th of
March 1798. The -answer to the first objection is, that the certificate is
grahted for 640 acres of. land, the precise quantity for which
a donation certificate was authorized. This is sufficient evidence of the infention of the Board of
Commissioners, to grant a dofiationcertificate. The period of occupancy, too, fits the case of a donatfon certificate, or none; and, if necessary, fortifies the conclusion of its being granted
as a donation certificate. To the second objection, it ma be answered, that the law
requires no precise form in the certificate. It is sufficient, if the proofs be exhibited to the Board of Cormmissioners, to satisfy them of the facts entitling the party to the certificate. The facts need not be spredd upon the record. It is sufficient,
if the consideration, to -vit, the occupancy, and the quantity granted, appear
Nothing, more is necessary to. certify to the government of the party's right; or to enable him, after it is surveyed by the proper officer, to obtain a patent.
The objection, that the occupancy ;s stated to be on the 50th of March 1798, produces more difficulty

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

667

(Ross vs. Doe on the demise of Barland et al.)
The language of the second section of the Act of Congress. authorizing these donation claims, is, that the persons, who ort that day of the year 1797, when the Mississippi territory was finally evacuated by the Spanish troops, &c.
This language is very peculiar, and shows plainly, that, altlibugh Congress at the time of passing the law was certain of the fact of evacuation by the Spanish troops, that body was not informed of the precise time when the evacuation
took place. The'law was intended to confer a bounty on a numerous -
class of individuals; and in construing the ambiguous words of-the section, it is the duty of the Co'urt to adopt that construction which wilLbest effect the liberal intentions of the legislature.
To iqterpret this section literallyl that land should be granted to-those, who, on the same day of the year 1797 o;ccupied a tract of land, provided the Spanish troops finally evacuated the territory, and on that very day of that very year 1797, would totally defeat the operation of the law, and the bounty intended by it; if it should, have happened, that the final evacuation of the territory, by the Spanish troops, took place on the first day of January 1798, or on any subsequent day.
if an individual had inhabited and cultivated a tract of land every day in the year 1797, still, according to the letter of this section, he was not entitled to-the bounty of the government, because the Spanish trobps had pot evacuated the territory aniy day of that year, but some day of the next year;, and -although the party continued to occupy the land until the day of the ac. tual evacuation, still, he could not be entitled, according to the letter of the Act, because that day was not any day of the year 1797.
This could not he the intention of Congress. The country had been settled during the conflict on the subject of
boundaries, between Spain and the United States, by the'citizens and subjects of both governments. It was a weak and exposed frontier of -the United States. The maniffest general intent of the Act of Congress, -is to confer a bounty .upbn the in-habitants and cultivators of the soil, who elected to remain in the country at the time of the actual evacuation by the Spanish tr6os. In this -view of the 4ubject, the time of the actual eva-
cuation was very important, but whether it was on some'day in the year 1797 or 1798, was comparatively unimportant.
If the fact be supposed, and it must be supposed foi the sake of the argument, that the actual tvacnation took place on the 30th of March, 1791, then something must be rejected in the construction and interpretation of the Act of Gbngress to make the provisions of the law effectial. Either the 'words

668

SUPREME COURT.

(Ross m. Doe on the demise of BIrand et a].)
"of t1e year 1797" must be rejected as inconsistent with the main scope and general intent of the law, or the claims to donations of all the inhabitants and cultivators, west of Pearl river, must be defeated. This would but defeat the manifest
general intent of the law. It was said at the bar, that all the donation certificates west
of the Pearl river express to be for occupancy on the 80th day of March, 1798, and a certificate from the commissioners of
the general .land-office, to that effect, was produced. It is not necessary to decide Whether we can, or cannot, notice this certificate as evidence of, the fact that the evacuation took place
on that day, or as evidence of the construction given by the Board-of Commissioners west of Pearl river. It is sufficient if they were authorized tb give such construction to the Act, in the event supposed, that the event happened; or in other words, that the actual evacuatioi took place on the S0th of March, 1798, as supposed in the argument; and that the bonstruction of the 9d section of the Act 'of Congress, which we are disposed to adopt, is the true construction in the estimation of Congress itself; we thinkl, may fairly be inferred from the Act of Congress of the 21st of April, 1806. ' Thei4th section of that'Act provides, that "wherever it shall appear to .the satisfaction of the register and the receiver of the district
east of Pearl river, that the settlement and occupancy, by virtue of which a pre-emption certificate had been granted by the commissioners, had been made and taken place plior to the S0th of March, 1798, they shall be authoiized to grant to the party a donation certificate, in lieu of such pre-emption."
It appears, from this section, that the commissioners east of Pearl river had adopted the construction of the Act of 1803, contended for by the plaiptiff in error; and that, instead of granting donation certificates to 'the inhabitants and settlers, down to the peripd of the S0th of March, 1798, under the .d
section of the Act, they had granted pre-emption certificates, under the provisions of the Sd section., Congress treat this as
a mistaken construction of the.law, by directing donation certificat s to be made out in lieu of the pre-emption certificates.
The Act of -180S puts the settlers east and west of Pearl ri-" ver on precisely the .same footing, and it is inconceivable, that Congress could have any motive for giving those east of Pearl river any preference-by the Act of 1806; or that -the Act could have any other object) than to continue upon the same footing the settlers,east and west of Pearl river.
The certificate granted ih the case before iis, is sufficient evidence that the commissioners west of Pearl rivet adopted a inore liberal construction; such as we think they were war-

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

669

(Ross vs. Doe on the derise of Baland et A.)
ranted in adopting, and such as, we think, is manifestly sanctioned by Congress, in the Act of 1806.
It is the opinion of this Court, that the commissioners were authorized to hear evidence as to the time of the actual evacuation of the territory by Spanish trops, and.to decide upqn the fact. The law gave them ".power to hear and decide all matters respecting such claims, and to determine thereon, according to justice and to'equity ;" and declares their determination shall be final
We aie bound to presume that every fact necessary to war-
rant the certificate, in the terms of it, was proved before the commissioners; and that, consequently, it was shown to them; and the final evacuation of the territory by the Spanish troops took pracelon the 80th of March, 1798.
Upon the whole, it is the unanimous opinion of this Court, that thi Supreme Court of the state of Mississippi hAs not misconstrued the Act of Congress, fromwhich the rights of the
parties are derived; and that thb judgment .of the Supreme Court be affirmed.

This cause came on, &c., on consideration whereof,"It is the opinion of this Court that the Supreme Court of the state of MississipRi.has not misconstrued the Act of Congress on which the plaintiff below relies; and it is therefore adjudged and ordered by this Court, that the judgment of said Supreme
Court of the state of ,Mississippi be, and the same is, hereby affirmed, with cost.

SUPREME COURT.
STEPHEN WARING, PLAINTIFF IN ERROR, VS. JAIES JACKSON, EX-
DEVISE OF .MEDOEF EDE AND" ANOTHER, DEFENDANTS IN ERROR. THE' SAME V8. THE SAME.
The testator devised to his son Joseph Eden certain portions of his estate in New York, among which were the premises sought to be recovered in this suit,-to him, his heirs, executois and administrators for ever. In like manner he devised to his son Medcef, his heirs and assigns, certain other portions of his property; and adds the following claiise: "It is my will and I do order and appoint, that if either of my siid sons should depart this life without lawful issue, his share or part shall go to the survivor. And in ease of both their d6athswithout lawfiul issue, I give all the pro. perty aforesaid to my brother John Eden, of Lofters, in Cleveland in Yorkshire, and my sister Hannah Johnson, of Whitby in Yorkshire, and their heirs.",. Medcef Eden died without issue, having devised his estate to his widow, and other'devfiees named in .his will. According to the established law'of New-York, nothing passed under the ulterior devise over to John Eden and Hannah Johnsorvi Medcef Eden on the death of his brother Joseph Eden became seised of an estate in fee simple abso. lute. {571}
Adverse possession taken and held under a sheriff's sale,. by virtde of judgments and executions against Joseph Eden, will not, accoiding to the decisions of the Courts of New-Y6rk, prevent the operation ofa devise by anil. other, in whom the title to the estate 'was vested by the death of the defendant in the executions. 1571}
It has been the uniform course of this.Court, with respect to titles to real property, ta apply thesame rule that is applied by the state tribunals in like cases. {571}
Mr. Justice THOMPSON defivered the opinion of the Court.-
These cases come up from the Circuit Court of the United States for the southern district of New-York, upon writs of error. The question in the Court-helow, turned upon the construction of the will of Medcef Eden the elder, bearing date the 29th August 1798, by which the testator devised to his son Joseph, ,certain portions of his estate, among which were the premises in question in this cause. "To him, his heirs, executorg, and administrators for ever." In.like manner he devised to his son Medcef, his heirs aid assigns, certain other portions of his property, and adds the following clause. "Item. It is my will and I do order and appoint, that if either of my said sons should depart: this life without lawful issue, his share or part shall go to the survivor. And in case of both'their deaths without lawful issue, then I give all the property aforesaid to my brother John Eden-of Lofters, in Cleveland in Yorkshire; and my sisfer Hannah Johnson of Whitby,, in Yorkshire, and their heirs."

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

571

(Waing'vs. Jack son et al.)
The case of Jackson vs. Chew, (12- Wheat. 158,) decided at the last term, brought under the consideration of this Court the coustfuction of this same clause in the will,'and the records in the present cases have been- submitted to -the Court without argument, to see whether the decision in that case, will govern the cases now before us. Tte facts disclosed in the casebf Jackson Vs. Chew, did not require of the Court to decide any other question, than whether Joseph. Eden took under the will an estate tail, which by operation of the statute-of New-York, abQjishing entails, -would be converted into a fee simple absolute.
The Court decided that he did not take an estate tail, but an estate in fee, defeasible in the event of his dying without issue in the lifetime of his brother, (which event happened,) and thereupon hiq interest in the land became extinct, and the limitation over to his brother Medcef. was good as an executory
devise. In the cases now before the Court, it appears, that Medcef
Eden has died without issue, having by his last will and testament devised his estate to his widow, and certain other devisees therein named; which has given xise to two other questions ; viz. whether John Eden and the heirs of Hannah John.on (she being dead) took any estate in the premises, under this clause in the will, on the death of Med'ef Eden, without ipsue ?
And whether the possession taken'and held under the sheriff 's sale, by virtue of the judgnents and executions against Joseph Eden, was such an adverse holding, as to prevent the operatidn of the will of Medcef Eden the younger.
In deciding the cdse of Jackson vs. Chew, 'we did not enter into an examination of the construction of this clause in the will, considered as an open question; but adopted the construction, which appears to be well settled in the two highest Courts of Law in the state of New-York, not only upon this very clause,, but in numerous other, analogous cases; and has thereby be-
come a fixed'rule-of landed property in ihat state. And this was in conformity with what has been the uniform
course, of this-Court, with respect to the titles to real proper-. ty, ta apply the same rule that we find applied by the state
tribunals in like cases. The additional questions presented in the cases now before us,
have likewise undergone a very full examination in that state, and been decided both by the Supreme Court, and -the Court for the correction of Errors. In the case of Wilkes vs. Lion, (9, Cowai, 333,) the decision turned upon these very points, and
the Court of Errors affirming the decision of the Supreme Court, 4eld with only one dissenting voice, that nothing passed under the ulterior devise over to John Eden and Hannah Johnson, but that Medcef Eden had become scised of an estate in fee

5ZI

SUPREME COURT.

(Waring.vs. Jackson eta.)
'simple absolute.- No opinion appears to have been directly expressed by the Court, with respect to the effects of the adverse possession-upon' the opelation of the devise in the will of Medcef Eden the yot[nger.
But this was a question necessarily involved in the result. And the decisions of the Courts in that state are very satisfactory to show, that such an adverse possession will not there, prevent the operation of a devise.
The doctrine in the case of Doe -v. Thompson, (5 Cowan, S74J warrants this conclusion. And it is understood that this precise question, 'arising on the construction of the statute of wills in that state, .has recently been decided in the Supreme Court, in a case, the report of which is not to be found here.

We are accordingly of opinion; that. the judgments of the Circuit Court in these cases must be affirmed.

JANUARY TERM, 188.

Joiu ARCHER AND JOHN W. STUM , EXECUTORS OF JOHN STUMP,
COI IPLAINANTS AND APPELLANTS, VS. MARY DENEALE, WIDOW.
AND EXECUTRIX OF GEORGE DENEALE DEOEASED, CHARLES T.
STUART AND ANN LUCRETIA HIS WIFE; MARY CATHARINE AND
NANcy P. DENEALE, CHILDREN AND REPRESENTATIVES OF THE
SAID GEORGE DENEALF, DEFENDANTS AND APPELLEES.

The testator, residing and owning real and personal estate in the county of Alexandria, District of Columbia, by his will gate ,"allhis estate, real an4 person.il, to his wife during her life, for the use and purpose ofraisingaid educating his children,' each child at the age of twenty-one to be entitled
to an equal portion of his estate, real andlpersongl; subjecteacb, to a deduction of one-third for the maintenancebf hiswife. Herecommendshiswife to sell the negrues for uterm of years, and directs "an appraisement" only
of "his eitate" shall be made, that no sale of the furniture shall be made ;
and then states that he is indebted to no one, and proposes to continue so," that be is surety for his brother, for which he holds a deed of trust on his property, sufficient, helhopes, to pay the bame, and directs that his
"estate shall not be sold to pay these debts until the property so divided shall be sold," when his "estate must be charged with any deficiency,
and directs that his executors shall not give security, as his own estate did not require it." This will does not charge the real estate of the testator with his debts. 1588} The word "estate" is sufficiently comprehensive to embrace property of every description, and will charge lands with debts, if used with other words which indicate an intention'to charge them; butif'used alone, with.out such intent, they will not have such operation. 1589} Under the laws of Virginia relative to the estate of deceased persons, lands are never appraised. {589}

aTItHS was an appeal, by the complainants, in a bill filed in

the Circuit Court for the county of Alexandria,, upon which a

decree was rendered in favour of the defendahts,' appellees rn

this Court.

The complainants by their bill sought to make the real estate

of George Deneale liable for the payment of their debt. They

set forth, that they havea subsisting judgment against the ex-

ecutrix of George Deneale, for the sum of 97957 58, , besides

interest and costs. That.this judgment was founded on a con-

tract between James Deneale and George Deneale, and the tes-

'tator of the omplainants. That 89913 65 of this judgment

was satisfied by a sale of the property of James Deneale the
principal, leaving a balance due on the judgment of 85000.

The bill charges that George Deneale left a considerable

estate real and personal. That the personal estate has been

exhausted in iiie payment of the"debts 6f the said George -De-

neale, in a regular courie of administration,--and that there is

VoMI.

4F

586

SUPREME COURT,

(Ariher et aL t. Dencale et al.)
nothing left to pay their debt but the real estate, which the bill alleges is expre8sly'iihargedby his will with the payment of it, in a certain event;' which event it is alleged has happened, to wit, that,the property of James Deneale has been sold, and the
deficiency of it to pay the debt ascertained. The bill prays an account of the personal estate and of the
balance due to the domplaiuants on their said judgment,* and that so much of the real estate of the said George Deneale as will be necessary to pay:what'is due them, may be decreed in pursuance to his will, to be sold, and the proceeds applied to pay that balance, and for general relief.
Mary Deneale the executrix, in her answer admits the judgment-against the testatoi- as security for James Deneale: That the said James Deneale had reduced the claim considerably
below what is demanded by the bill. That her testator died pos8essed of a large personal estate, consisting principally of bahk and other stocksi' standing in his name, which have been claimed by Conway W¥hittle and others, as apecocallybelonging to them, by a suit depending in the Courtof Alexandria county. She states, if the bank and other stock claimed as before stated
shall be decided to belong to the estate of her testator, there will be personal estate sufficient to pay his debts. If they should
be decided to belong to the said 'Whittle 4nd other, then there will not be a sufficiency of .Iersonal estate to pay all hii debts,
if his estate is bound to pay this"demand of the complainants. She denies that the real estate of'her testator is charged in
any event with the paymefit of the debt due to the complainants. That hc never intended to make any such charge upon it-and that upon a fair construction of the will no such charge
is authorized by it. The defendant Nancy P Denealel by. her guardian, ad litem,"
ai~swei-s substantially as the executrix has. To their answers is a g 'neral replication and issud.
The other defendants being non-residents, there is an order of publication against theu, and the'bill taken for confessed.
The commissioner made his report, Which shows that-he has charged'the executrix with the appraised value of the personal estate, including the stocks, instead of the actual value as proved by the sale of all the personal estate, except the stdcks. which are claimed by others. It -will appear from the circumstances detailed by the commissioner, if the stocks ate excluded, that the executrix ha&paid more than the value of th personal estate, including debts due to her testator and received by
her.
The will, which is made an exhibit, is dated 13th of rebruary. 1815, and is admitted-to record lth July, 1818.
By his will the testator gives to his wife" all his estate real

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

1587

(Archer et I. w.Deneale et al.)
and personal during her life for the use and p wpose of raising' and educating his children until they respectively are twenty-, one." He directs'that each child shall, at that age, become entitled to an equal'portion of his 'estate both real and personal, "subject each to a deduction of one-third of the same" 'to be retained for the sIhpport and maintenance of his wife. He recommends to his wife to sell the. 'negroesfora term of~years. He directs that -an,appraisement only of his -estate" shall be made; that no sale of furniture shall take place. He then states that he is indebted to "no one, and proposes to continue so." He states that he is security for his brother James for two sums, for which he has a deed of'trust on his property, rufficient he hopes to pay the same.' He then directs that his". estate shall not be sold to pay these debts until the propertyso deeded shall be sold"-when his' ' etate must be charged with any deficienvy." He directs that his executrix and executor should not give security, alleging that his own debts did not require it.. He closes hij will by giving a gold ring of fifty dollars value to a friend, and a bank share to the Masonic 'Lodge.
After a hearing on the bill, answer,, the will of George Deneale, and the report of the commissionersi the Circuit Court dismissed tlIe bill with costs.
The'only question for the decision of the Supreme Court, was whether George Deneale had, by his will, charged his real estate with the-payment of the debt due to the complainants below, the appellants in this Court.
Mr. Swann for the appellants.The testator charges his estate with the residue of the debt
which may ifemain due to the executor of Stump. The words
are"-Idirect that my estate shall not be sold to pay these debts
until tbe property so deeded shall be sold,-'when my estate must be charged with any deficiency."
The term "estate," ' includes real as well as personal proper-
ty, and wyhere there is nothing to qualify the word "estate" it will carry real as well as personal property. 8 Vez, Jun. 608.
'Having then said his "estate" must be charged, we must look into the will, and see whether there is any thing there to qualify the term.

The testator devises to his wife "all his estate," both real and personal, during her life.,' The reversionary interest is left to take its legal course.
He then directs "that an appraisement only of my estate be made, and that no sald of furniture shall take place."
The meaning of this would depend upon extraneous circum-
stances. Estate here Was intended to be the personal estate. Then comes the clause, "my estate must be charged with

588"

SUPREME- COURT.

(Archer et al., vs. Deneale etal.)

the deficiency." What was his meaning? The term estate is competent to effect this intent. :In making a construction, the Court will make a man do what is morally just. 3 Fez. 551. Whenever a testator wills that his debts shall be paid, that rides over every disposition, wletheragainst heir'or' devisee. S Vez.
379.
-Mr. Lee for the appelles.-, The first question is, what was the real intention of the tes. tator? That intention must prevail. 2d. It is alleged that the directiol-that on a certain contingency his " e state must be charged with any deficiency," was to pay the particular debt of the plaintiff; and that the word " e state" included his real

estate.

It is true that there are many cases" in which the -word CCestate" in a will, has been held to convey "real estate" even in

fee simple. But these words, and every form of expression,

whereby a testator declares his will in respect to the disppsition

of his

property,

must

submit to

to the

the rule intention

wo1fhitchhe

rteesqtuaitroers,

wa hweirlel

to be construed agreeably

it can be collected from the whole will. 2 oper on )1'lls, 619.

The case of Woolman vs. Kenworthy, 9 Fez. 1a7, is very

analogous to the present case. The general principle decided

in that case y was, that under the general word "estate" in a will, real-estate Will pass, unless restrained as was in that in-

stance, by the intention collected from the whole will.

Then construe the will 'ofMr. Deneale by this rule, and by

these cases; it is plain that he has not charged his real'estate,

in any evdnt, with the payment of this debt- Cited also Shaw vs. Bull, 1-.Mod. Reports.

M~r. Chief Justice MARsH ILL delivered ihe opinion of the
Court:-
This suit was brought in the Circuit Cou't for the District of Columbia, sitting in the count) of Alexandria, to subject the lands of George Deneale to the payment of a debt for which he was surety. The sole question arises on the construction of his will. The complaina'tts contend, that it charges his lands
with his debts. By his will, the testator gives to his wife "all his estate real
and personal, during her lire, for the use and purpose of raising and educating his children, until they respectively are twenty-one." He directs, that each child shall, at that age, become entitled to an equal portion of his estate, both real 'and personal, -*"subject each to a deduction of one-third of the same," to be retained fbr the support and maintenance of his wife. lie recommends. to his wife, to sell the negroes for a term of years. Ife directs that an appraisement only of his

JANUARY TERM; 1898.

589

(Archer et al vs. Deneale etal.)
estate 11s,hall be made, that no sale of furniture'shall take place.", He then states, that he is indebted to no one, and purpose s to continue so. He states, that he is uret' for his -brother James, for two sums, for which he'has a deed of trust on his property, sufficient he hopes, to pay the same. He then
directs that his estate shall not be sold to pay these debts, until-the pvgperty so deeded shall be sold, whn his estate must be charged with any deficiency.' He directs that his executor and excutrix should not give security, as his own debts did not'
-equire it. That the word "estate ' is sufficiefitly comprehensiye to
embrace property of every description, and will charge lands with debts, if used with other words which indicate an intentidn to charge them, is a proposition which cannot be controverted. As little is it to be denied, that the word alone, if not used with an intent to subject the lands of the testator to the payment of his debts, cannot have that effect.
In the will -under consideration,'the testator alludes in-two
instances to his property, generally; in both hi uses the words "estate," b'oth "real and personal." In the next instance, the word estate is introduced alone,, in the clause which follows: "item, I do hereby direct, ,that an appraisement only of my estate be made, and that no sale of furniture shall thke place."
In Virginia, lands are never appraised, and the law directs a sale of all perishable 4rticles. When, therefore, the testator directs that an appraisement only of his estate be made, ancf
that no sale of furniture shall take plaoe, he obviously applies the term, ekclusively, to that kind of property, the appraise-
ment of which is directed by law, and is usual; and, by adding the word "only," restrains his executors from selling that property *vhich is directed by law to be sold. In this clause, the word estate is plainly confined to personalty. He then speaks of the debts 'for which he is surety for his brother James, and directs that his "estate" shall not be sold to pay these debts, until the property conveyed to ,him in trust shall be -exhausted. This direction is obviously restrictive. It .restrains the execufors from using a power'they possess under
the law. That power is to sell the 'personal estate for the payment of debts, but it does nbt extend to the sale of lands; con-
,sequently, the word estate, in this'plade, also designates only personal estate. After this prohibition to sell his estate, until the trust property should b6 all applied to the object, he adds, "when my estate must be charged with any deficiency."
There is no foundation for the opinion, that the testator has
usea the word estate, in this part of the sentence, in a.different sense from that in which it was used in the same sentence imo

590

SUPREME COURT.

(Archer et 21. tv. Deneale et al.)
mediately before, while treating of the same subject. The same estate, the sale of which he had just.forbidden until a particular event.should take place," must, he says, be sold wheli that evynt shall take place. He means only, his personal
estAte, Jit would, we think, be: an entire perversion of the language
used by the testator, to cbnstrue these words a charge upon his estate. He does not intend to create any liability, which the law had not creeate4- When the trust property shall be exhausted, his. estate, he says, "must be charged with the defi. ciency." He can-no longer prevent its sale.

We think there is no error in the decree, which declare that -the will of George Deneale does not charge his real estate with-his debts, and that the bill of the compraifiants be dis-.
missed..with cots, dnd'that the said decree be affirmed.

SUPREME COURT.
ANN PRAY, EX EcUTIX, . J MAXWELL, AND GEORGE WA-
TERS, EXECUTORS OF JOHN PRAY, DECEASED, APPELLAk-S, VS. GEORGE G. BELT, TRUSTEE, AND JAMES P. HEATH, PRO. AMI.
The testator in his will says, "wmhereas my will is lengthy, and it is possible I may have committed some error or errors, Fthereforeauthorize and em. power, asfully as I could do myself if living, a majority of my acting ex. ccutbrs, my wife to have a voice as executrix, to decile in all cases, in case of any dispute or contention: whatever they determine is my intentiQn, shall be final and conclusive, without any resoit toa Court of Jus. tice." Clauses of this description have always received *tch judicial construction, as would comport with the reasonable intentio of the testator. 16791
Even where the forfeiture ofa legacy has been declared tobe the penalty of not conforming to the injunction of a will, Courts of Justice have considered it, if the legacy be not given over, rather as an effort*, to effect a desired object, by intimidation, than a4 concluding the rights of the par. ties. 'Ifan unreasonable use be made of such a power so given in a will, one notfqreseen, aid which could not be intended by the testator, it has been considered as a case, in which the general power of Courts of Justice to decide on the iights of pirties, ought to be exercised. {6801
There cannot be such a construction given to, such a clause in a testator's will, as will prevent a party who conceives himself injured by the construction, from submitting his case--o a Court of Justice. A Court must decide whether the construction of the will adopted by those who are named is the right construmction, or the grossest injustice might be done. {680}
Where a legacy for which suit is instituted, is given jointly to several per. sons in different families, and the legatees take "equally, the number in feither family being ascertained by the will, all the claimants ought to be brought before the Court. The right of each inaividual depends on the numjer who are entitled, and this nufnber is a fact, which must be in. quired into, before the amount to which any one is entitled-can be fixed. If this fact were to be examined'in every case, it would subject the executors to be harasseffby a multiplicity of suits, and if it were to be fixed.by the first decree, would not bind persons who were not parties. 1681} ,
APPEAL from the Circuit Court of the United States fol the District of South Carolina.
The appellees, complainants in the Court below, on behalf of Jane Heath, the wife of James P. Heath; and of her children, filed a bill inthe Chancery side, of the Circuit Court of the United States'for the District of South Carolina, against Aim Pray, ekecutrix,' J.J. -Maxwell, and George Waters, executors of the last will of John Pray deceased, for the recovery of' a legacy to which Sane Heath was entitled under the will.
The clauses of the-will of John Pray,prought under the notice and cbnsiderati6u. of the Court, and exhibited by the r6cord were:

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

671

(Pray et al.vs. Belt et a.)
I Item 51. Whereas Ihold ten bonds, given by John J. Maxwell, payable by ten instalments, the first on the tenth of January next, and the others on the tenth of January bi each year after. It is my will, and I direct, that'the bonds payable tenth of January, eighteen hundred and twenty, eighteen hundred and twenty-one, and eighteen hundred and twenty-two, say the three first, shall be applied in aid of the payment of my just debts, if any due,, and in the paymeni of the le'gacies by me left. It is my request thatmy executors do also apply all funds which I may possess at my decease, as also dividends on all my bank stock, (except that part of'dividends which I have directed to go immediately to sdme of my legatees,) and. also. to apply all moneys due to me, as soon as collected, and alsb all .rents and crops of rice and cotton; first to pay any debts, and then legacies, any heretofore left,*or which I may hereafter leave to be paid. It is rmiy will, and I do direct, thatmy executors do
pay up the one-half of all the cash legacies by me left to my relations., out of the first funds they c~h command from my estate, except those I may have directed to lbe paid immediate-
ly; and .after they have paid the one-half to my relations, thereafter it is my will that they do pay up in equal proportions, agreeably to sums. left, td all my other leggtees; and be it understood, and it is my will and intention, that after they have
paid the one-half, to my relations, that they will continue to pay them the other half in equal proportions" with my other legatees; my object and intention is, to place them on the samie footing with my other legatees, -after the payment of ofie-half to my said relations. It is my will and request, that my executors do pay all my debts and legacies as soon as possible after my death; but be it explicitly auld plainly understood, that no
interest whatever is to be allowed on any legacy by me left to any one of my legatees, as in all probability the resources and
funds of my estate will be equal to the payment of my debts and legacies before the three bonds mentioned of John J. Maxwell may fall due and becollected. In case all debts and legacies can be paid before the three aforesaid bonds can be collected, then, and in that case, whatever balance may remain to be collected on the three aforesaid bonds, principal ,ind interest, it is my will, that.the same shall be equally divided as collected, between the following persons, share and share alike: To my executors in trust, for the use and benefit of my
aunt Turpin, my uncle's present wife; it is my intcntibn to keep it from being subject to my uncle' debts, that I ihave it
in trust; in case of no risk,-my executors will pay it over to my aunt. My god-daughter, Mary Jane Pray Hines, wife of Lewis Hines.- The children of Thomas Mann, by his present
wife, as'also Ann and Jane, now in New-Providence. Any part

679,

SUPREME COURT.

(Pray et hL tw. Belt et al.)

iwhich the children of Harriet Mann, Thomas launs wife,

may be entitled to, is to be ascertained by the number she may

have.at the tipie these bonds arecolte', and my executors are

read,' to pay over. In case all is no't applied on my debts and

legacies, and if Harriet hath any child after the paylnent, then suh *childto-receive such proportion as th&other children out

of the part paid. to, such as sliv before had or ha's atthe time

the same is piaid. My executors will be governed in the distri-

butioV, by the niumber ofchildreu garret,has ou the day they

asareldr-beoandiyd-to

tmieakse-.i-dadcihst'lrribreUnt'ipowparItns

case of any to be .paid

surplus left on to their legal

representatives, so it ip not.,their father;. (I omitted the word Mann aftdr the words Ann and 3ane above,') and to Richard.k.
l- ireA, in trust forthi..hpliefit of Jane.-Heath,wife of James P. Heath, and such children as she may have vhen _that surplus may becqllected; in case.of.thee'being apy."
"It is my-wijl md I direct, that all my estate, both real and erSonal, shalLbe kept and coitinue4 together, until all y auftsetrdaesbtpso.'sasnibdllee,gatocibees a-driesppaoisde,ddoeflfs,.if any, first, and as soon
as hereinafter directed."

In case of accidents by fire, at ay'timebefore or-ater my egeeutors pay rnmdyebts .and legacies' it is. my will hat my wifVe receiVe tlle amohut of insui'ance to aid in rebuilding ; and in case of accidents by ire on lots in Nos. 6-ant 7, before my aebts and legacies are paid, it is my vill, in such case, thatmy e1cutors h6d all my estateto'ether,ilntil they can add tel thougaznd- dollars. to what may -be ieceived on Ihsurauce; and they
are requested to put on .fire-proof 'building on said lots, to both these amounts, an4 ifthese Sums are insuffickent, they are authoilzed to raisei any bialan-e- for erecting. proper buildings, on the credit of my -wife; this balance, if any-required, be,ii understood jisto-come out'of"my w fe's po'riin of my estate
left her. ·" In c~se .of !uch'an accident .ifne.cessary, in order not to
delay re-building, my executorswill resort to a loan from tfe bank br banlks. Whereas there-is no doubt big there milst be
a considerable surplus fund of my estate by debts due, or crops oi hand, 'or near made,. after my -executors -have,paid all my 4ebt and, legacies, which. my wife will c:me in for--if n y
executors discover that by such surplus t- t the same will-not
be equal to ten thousand dollars, in that case it is.my Will, that they coiitinue aill my estate together, until they can, make up ten--thousand dollars; and it is my.request, that they will, as soon as possible after raising-the aforesaid sum, proceed to put ,up fire-proof buildings on the aforesaid lots."
"Whereaa'my w4ll is lengthy, and it is possible Imay have
committed someerror or errors. I do therefore authorize and

JANUARY TERM, 1808.

673

(Fray et al. vs. Belt et al)

empower, as fully as I could do myself, if living, a majority of my acting executors, my wife to have a voice as e vecutri,to decide in all cases, in case of any dispute or contention: whatever theynay determine is.my intention she be and coenn-al duaived, without any resort to a Court of Justice."
The defendants John J. Maxwell, and George M. Waters, in
their separate answers allege," That, in the month of December, in the year eighteen hundred and nineteen, the defendants,
qualified as executors of the will of John Prayf and having as-
certailned that there was a sufficient sum of money to be raised
from the cropnswhich had been made that yeasr as also from debts d thete estt s John Pray, theestator on bonds
notes, and other securities, which could soon thereafter be realized to satisfy all the unpaid legacies of the :said testator,
commenced a delivery of some'portions thereof to those clainiing and entitled under the will That, in the mean tim , after they had commenced a division of the estate of said testator,
and before its completion, to wit, on the tenth day of January
in the year eighteen -hundred and twenty, the accident ocur-
rthede, wwilhl icohf shaaidd bteesetnatgour,aradsedsetagfoarinthstinbythtehecosmixptyla-fiinrasnt ti'tsembilol;f

and the buildings on ots No. 6 and 7"were destroted by fire; that, at the time when this event occurred, thedebts of said testator, which were small, may have been, and as this defend-
ant believes, were all pa d and discharged, but the legacies rnained partially unpaid and unsatisfied, although, as this defendant believes, at the time, and as previously stated in this anoswer, there was a sufficiency of funds to be realized from the means already pointed out, to discharge and pay the remaining
unsatisfd legacies, and which the executors, when they commenced the division of the estate, apaforeaid intended to apply to the payment of said unpaid legacies ; that, previously,
also, to the said conflagration, by which the said buildings on lots No. 6 and 7 were destroyed, the first bond of the said John J. M~axwell had been collected, and applied to the payment of

the debts and legacies. That the funds, which were to be realiued from the crops, bonds, and notes, as aforesaid, by the ex-

ecutors,- and which had been deemed adequate to the payment

of the unpaid legacies, were insufficient for that purpose, andQthe payment of the said ten thousand dollars bequeathed to the said

Ann Pray in the said sixty-first item of said will, in the event

of the destruction of the-buildings on the said lots six and seven,

which actually occurred: that the two remaining of the three

bonds if the said John J. Maxwell, .which were directed by the

fifty-first item of the said will to be appropriated in. aid of the

payment of the said debts and legacies, were then resorted to

by the executors, from which, in addition to the available ef-

Vo. .

4 Q

674

SUPRE2ME COURT.

(Pray et al. vs. Belt etal.)
fects already specified, a fund was realized equal to the payment 'of the legacies, and the sum of teft thousand dollars, 'which was appropriated to the use of said Ann Pray, as directed, in sixty-first item of said Will; that the said appropriation of the 'two remaining bonds of the said John J. Maxwell, was made after the division of the'estate had commenced, as already shown, but before its completion.
"That if the'estate of the said testator had been kept together,
after the conflagrati6n aforesaid, a sufficient time, funds may have eei realized sufficient to pay all debts and legacies,. and to zaeet the aid authorized and directed for the said Ann Pray; but this defendant declares that it would have required the estate to have been kept together four or..fve years for this purpose, without-resorting to the said bonds; in thk mean time the said bonds would have become due, and been realized, the one being due-on the - day of January, eighteen hundred. and twenty-one, and the other on the 't-day of January eighteen hundfed and twenty-two. 'That in and by the fifty-first item of the said will, the said -bonds are expressly directed to be app~ropriated in aid of the payment of the debts and legacies, and' oiily to 'be -distributed among' the legatees therein
named, in.the event of th debtsand legacies being paid out of the funds, made subject:by the will td that purpose, before "thesaid bonds shotuld become due or could be collected. That if the said oestate of the said testator- had been kept together until the necessixy, finds for the relief of te said Ann Pray, tand the payment 'of the legacies had been raised from the annual proceeds, the benefit arising to the said Jane Heath and her children, by receiving their 'proportion of the peal estate of said testator devised to them, must have been delayed four or five years; whilst, by the early division of said estate, they were greatty benefited, having realized, at that time,from, this means three thousand -five hundred dollars., And 'this.defendant admits that the complainants have applied to the executors of said tietator on. the subject of theproportion of Jane Heath, in said bopds, and to which. they supposed her entitled. That the division of the estate having been commenced, and a portion of the property delivered t6 the deviseesand legatees, and a fund sufficient to pay the legaciessand.whieh was-to come into thi hands of the executors, having been reserved for that purpose, they considered themselves bound in justice to the legate6s and devisees, vho had not received their proportion, of the estate, to proceed in the completion of the'division of the estate; and therefore conceived the, estate, so far as regarded their power to continue it together until the ten thousand dollars could be
aised to -relieve the said Ann Pray, from the awaual pyoceeds, as having been in-effect divided."

JANUARY TERM, 182.

675

(Pray etal. m.Belt 6tal.)

2. No answer to the bill of the appellees was filed by Mrs.

Pray. The case was heard on the bills and answers, and the Cir-
cuit ,Court determined, that the executors had misapplied the proceeds of the bonds of J. J. Maxwell, on which the legacies claimed were charged; and that Mrs. Pray would have to refund to the value of the residue bequeathed to her, and, rateably, also, according to the interest and income of the property specifically bequeathed to her. An order of reference was made, and thereupon, the master was ordered to make certain statements of the condition of the estate, and of other facts necessary to a final decree.
These reports having been afterwards made by the master, the Circuit Court, on the 9th of May, 1826,.made the follow,

,ing decree:

"This cause came on to beheard owthe master's report, pur-

suant to a reference

at

the last ierm,

on

the following

points

"
:

1st. A statement of the debts due by the testator.-- 2dly.' A"

statement of the pecuniary &nd other legacies, and how and

when paid. Sdly. Of the funds applicable to-the-debts and le-

gacies. 4thly. Of the receipts aid expenditures of the ex-

ecutrix and executors. -5thly.. Of the ,value of the residue be-

queathed to Mrs. Pray. 6thly.. Of the value or amount of the

income which the estate would have produced, .ha it'been

hept together specifically. Of the several amounts. claimed by these complainants, in behalf of those whom they represent as legatees, and his own views of the correctness of those claims, with reference to the principles' on -which they are calculated. And he, the said master, having dul, made and submitted his report upon all the matters so referred to him, anl it appearing from said report, that the proportionof the funds of the said testator, to which, under his will, the complainants are entitled, amounts to the sum of twelve thousand one hunL dred and eleven dollars, as by reference to said report of file in the registry of this Court will more fully appear.
"It is ordered, adjudged and decreed, that George M. Waters, and Jno. J. Maxwell, executors, and Ann Pray, executrix do -pay to the said complainants, the- sum of twelve thousana one hundred and eleven dollars. AMd it is further ordered, decreed and adjudged, that the said sum, when collected by force and virtue of this decree, be paid into the hands of the clerk of this.Court, and on the receipt of the said sum, he'is hereby ordered and -directed, so soon a the same can be. effected, to invest the. said sum in the purchase of United States' stock, or- bank, stock of the United States' Bank, as may appear most advantageous to the complainaiks; and it is further ordered, adjudged and decreed., that the defendants do pay thie

SUPREME COURT.
(Pray et al. vs. Belt et al.)
costs of tins suit, and interest on the principal sum decreed, to be computed from the service of this decree."
" WILLIAM JOHNSON-' By agreement of counsel, a part of the master's report was afterwards corrected, and the number of persons among whom the amount of John J. Maxwell's bonds were to be distributed, being accurately stated, the sum to which the complainants below were entitled, according to the principles of the decree of the Circuit Court, was found to be 89909, instead of 912,i11, as stated in the' report. The case was argued by Mr. Berrien for the appellants, and by Mr. Key for the appellees. The following points were made by the appellants: 1. There. is no sufficient evidence, on which to found a decree for any specific sum. 2. The necessary parties were not before the Circuit Court. S. The proceeds of the three bonds of John J. Maxwell, were well applied to the payment of debts and legacies, and among others, to'the payment of the contingent legacy to Ann Pray. 4. The decision of the executors, is the will of the testator, by the express provision of'the will; and cannot be questioned by the legatees..
Mr. Chief Jastice M1AtSHALL delivered the opinion of the
Court.-,-'
This suit was brought in the Circuit Court. for the district of Georgia,.by George G. Belt, the trustee for Jane Heith and her children, who are infants, and by James P. Heath, husband of the said Jane, and father of her children, against the executors of John Pray, deceased, and Ann Pray, his widow, to recover a legacy bequeathed to them and others, by the said John Pray,
The executors resist the demand, on the 'principle that the bonds for which the suit is instituted, were required to pay the debts and legacies due from the testator, and to raise the 10,000 dollars to replace the buildings on lots 6 and 7, which were consumed by fire. They also contend, that their testator has submitted the construction of his will, absolutely, to their judgment, and that their decision against the claim of the legatees, is final.
The Circuit Court established the claim of the plaintiffs, and de~reed to them the proportion of the .three bonds, which was estimated to be their part.
From this decree, the executors have appealed to this Court. In argument, several formal objections have been taken to the decree, which will be considered. The question on the

JANUARY TERM, 1V8

677

(Pray ct alr.a. Belt et al.)
merits, depends on the construction of the wilL The will is very inartificially drawn. It is in some parts rendered inore confused than it would otherwise be, by a r'ecurrence in different places to the same subject. In item 51, he -ays, in the first instance, that the three bonds which are the subject of contrdversy, " shall b6 applied in aid of the- payment of his. just debts, if any due, Pad in the payment'of -the legacies by him left." He adds, -It is ray request, that my execiutors do'aso apply all funds *hich I may possess at my.decease,. as also 'dividends on all my bank stock, (except that part of dividends which I have directed t9 go immediately to some of my legatees,) and also to apply all moneys due to me, as soon as collected, and.also all rents and crops of rice and cotton, first to -pay any debts, and then legacies," Scc.
The language of -this part of the will, in- relation" to, these bonds, shows an intention to apply them to debts and legpcies, if necessary; but indicates, we think, the expectation' that it would not be necessary. They are to-be applied In aid -of the payment of his just debts, and in the payment of legacies. They are then to aid another fund. That fund .is afteryrards described in terms, wbich show it to be a large ona. Thereis some reason to suppose, from this.part of the will, that thebe three bonds were not comprehended ifiit, because the testator introduces the enunciation of its items, by saying i it- is mny request that my executors do-abso apply all funds, gc" Again, he assignp as a reason for withholding interest from his legatees, "that in all probability the resources 'and funds of. his estate, will be equal to the phyment of his debts and legacies, before the three bohds mentioned of John J.'Maxwell, may fall due' and be collected.",
This shows, uliequivocally, the belief of the .testator, that these bonds would not be required for the debts and legacies He then adds, "in case all debts and legacies can be paid, before the three aforesaid bonds can be collected, then, and in that case, whatever balance may remain to be .collected, shall be equally divided between the following -persons," Zcc.
This bequest does not depend on the fact, that the debts and legacies should be actually paid,'before these three bonds were collected, but on the sufficiency of the:fund .for the objecp. Should the flnd be sufficient, its application must be made;. and-whether made in fact or not, the right to the bonda vests in the legatees
The testator then proceeds to say; "it is my will, and I di-
rect that all my estate, both real and personal, shall be kept and continued together, until. all my just debts and legacies are paid."
This whole,Item, 51, shows the opinion, that the *profitsof

678

SUPREME COURT.

(pray et al. w. Belt et al.)
his estate, including dividends on his stock, added to the debts
actually due at the time, were sufficient for the payment of debts and legacies. Yet his estate is to be kept together till they shall be paid. The profits are df course to be applied to that object. If this fund amounted, before the 10th day of January 1820,
when th first bond from J.'J. Maxwell fell due, to a sufficient sum for. the payment of debts and legacies, the right of the
legatees to the th'ee bonds then vested ;--if it was not sufficient on that day, it may be doubted, whether such part of the first bond as was necessary for this primary object, might be brought to its aid immediately. We suppose it might. A codicil to the will is dated the 18th day of June 1819, and the will and codicil were proved on the 27th of the succeeding month. The executors qualified i he month of December; having ascertain-
ed, they say in their answer, the adequacy of the fund provided for debts and legacies, tney commenced the division of the es-
tate. So far as the will has been considered, it is obvious that the
right of the legatees, to whom the two parts of the three first bonds due from Maxwell were bequeathed, was vested. Their
right to the first bond may be more questionable. If part of the fund, which was applicable in the first instance to debts and legacies, could not be made available immediately, and the first bond or any part of it was substituted- for debts which could
not be collected, it cannot be doubted that those debts, when collected, ought to replace the bond so substituted. The testimony in the cause-does not show, with sufficient certainty, how this fact stands. It is remarkable that this first bond was applied by the executors before the 10th of January 1820, when
it became due. They state this fact in their answer. But we are decidedly of opinion, that this precipitate appropriation of the bond, could not affect, the rights of the parties. They
must remain, as they would have stc.od had the bond remained uncollected, till it became payable.
The contest in this suit would either. not have arisen, or
would have been confined to the first bond, had things remained as they stood before the 10th day of January 1820. But on that day the buildings on lots Nos. 6 and 7, were consumed by fire.
In that event, the tdstator had directed that his executors hould, f9r the purpose of replacing the buildings, hold all his estate together until they can add 10,000 dollars to what may be received 0n insurance. H-e.adds, "In case of such an acci.dent, if necessary, in order not to delay re-building, my executors will resort to a loanfrom the bank orbanks." "1Whereas there is no doubt bt 'there must b6 a considerable surplus
fand of my estate, by debts due or crops-on hand, or near

JANUARY TERM, 1828.

679

(Pray et al. vs. Belt etal.)
made, after my executors have paid all my debts and legacies, vwhich my wife will come in for-if my executors discover that by such surplus that the same will not be equal to 10,000 dollars, in that i-ase it is my. will that they continue all my estate togethcn until they can make up 10,000 dollars."
Instead of conforming to this direction of the will; instead or kceping the estate together; the executors have applied the renaining two bonds payable the 10th of January 1821, and the 10th of January 1822, to this objcct.
They say, that'having commenced the delivery of the estate, before this event took place. they thought themselves bound to complete it; and considered thcmselvcs in the same situation as if it liad been completed before the buildings were conSumed.
Suppose this opinion to be correct, ought they not also to have considered the bonds as delivered? This also was a speeific legacy; and after being vested, stands, we conceive, on equal ground with other specific legacies.
These bonds do not constitute the fund on which tho testator eharges these 10,000 dollars, in the unlooked for event that thesurplus of his estate should notbe sufficient to raise it He does not charge this sum on the principal, but on the profits of his estate; and the whold is to be kept together in order tQ raise it. It is obvious from the whole will, that these bonds do not constitute a part of that surplus, comprehending debts; and in this particular part of it, when he speaks of debts, it is of debts due. No one of these bonds was due at the date'of the -will, or of the death of the testator.
It is -then, we think, apparent, that the application of these
bonds towards raising.the sum of 10,000 dollars, was.a misapplication of assets.
If the estate had really been delivered when the event occurred, the executors ought to have retained their rights upon it, to satisfy this contingent claim, and we presume that the
property would have been liable. tosit in the hands of devisees and legatees.
But the plaintiffs in error oontend, that should, they have
misconstrued the will of their testator, still their xmisconstruction binds the legatees, because the testator s is: "Whereas
my will is lengthy, and it is possible I may nave committed some error or errors. I therefore authorize and empower, as fully as I coulcJ do myself if living, a majority of my acting executors, my wife to have a voice as executrix, to decide in all cases, in case of any dispute or contention: whatever they de-
termine is my intention shall be final and conclusive without
any resort to a Court of Justice." Clauses of this description have always received such judicial

680

SUPREME COURT.

(Pray etal. vs.,Belt et aL)
construction, as would comport with the reasonable intention of the testator.
Even when the forfeiture of the legacy has been declared to be the penalty of not conforming to the injunction of the will, Courts have considered it, if the legacy be not given over,
rather as an effort to effect a desired object by intimidation, than as concluding the rights of the parties. If an unreasonable ute be made. of the power, one not foreseen, and which
"could not be intended bk the testator, it has been considered as a case in which the general power of Courts of Justice to decide on the rights of.parties ought to be exercised.
This principle must be kept in view, in construing the clause now under consideration.
The acting executors, and executrix, are empowered, in all cases o dispute or contention, to determine what is the intention of the testator; and'their decision is declared- to be final.
This power is given, in the apprehension that he may have committed error. It is to be exercised in order to ascertain his intent in such cases. It certainly does not include thn power of altering the will. It cannot be contended; that this clause would protect the executors in refusing to pay legacies altogether, or in payihg to A, a legacy bequeathed to B, or in any other fiain deviation from the will. In such case, what wo'uld be the remedy of th6 injured party? Is he cbncluded by the decision of .the executors, or may he resort to aCourt of Justice? But one answer can be given to these questions. So gross a departure from the manifest intent of the testator, cannot be the result of an honest endeayour to find that intent; and must be considered as a fraudulent-exercise of a power, given for'the purpose of preserving peace, and preventing expensive and frivolous litigi-
tion. But who is to determine what is a gross xhisconstruction of
the will, if the party who coticeives himself injured may not submit his*case to a Court of Justice? And if his case may be brought before a Court, must not that Court construe-the will
rightly? This is not the only objection which the plaintiffs in error
must encounter, in supporting their construction of this clause. The executors )-ave not, we think, this power.'unaided by the
executrix. It is given to a majority of the acting executors, "his wife,
to have a voice as executrix." Her-participating in the decision, is indispensable to its validity. I If this power was given to 'her solely, in her character as ex-
ecutrix, it is seriously doubted whether it can be exercised till
she assumes that character. Even bad she united with the executors, this would certain-

JANUARY TERM, 1808.

681

(Pray et al. vs. Belt et al.)

ly be a case which might well be considered as an exception

from the general operation of the power. The bonds to which

it was applied, are the bonds of one of the executors, and it was exercised by bestowing them on the executrix, instead of the

persons to whom they were bequeathed by the testator.

In doing this, the executors have plainly misconstrued the will. The testator had not charged the 10,000, which were to

be raised in order to rebuild the houses that were destroyed by

fire, on these bonds, but on a different fund. It is, therefore, the

very case put, of paying to the executors the legacy bequeathed to other persons. It may also be observed, that neither of

the executors, nor Mrs. Pray, &ayin their answer, that this di-

version ofthese bonds to a different purpose from that direct-

ed by the testator, was made from a belief that it was his intention, in the event which had occurred, They refer to the

clause, and rely upon it, as if it had empowered them to do

whatever they thought best, .in the 'progress of their adminis-

tration; instead of doing what, in their best judgment, they

believed to be his intention.

But, however correctly the will of the testator may have been

construed in the Circuit Court, and we think it was construtd correctly, at least so far as respects the two last bonds men-

tioned in item 51 of the will of John Pray, deceased; othei ob-

jections have been taken to the proceedings in the Circuit

Court, which seem to be well founded.

The legacy for which this suit is instituted, is given jointly to several persons in different families. The legatees take

equally, and the' numbers in neither family are ascertained by the will. Under sich circumstances, we think all the claim-

ants ought to be brought before the Court. The rights of each -individual depend upon the number who are entitled, and this

number is a fact, which must be inquired into, before the

amount to which any one is entitled can be fixed. If this fact

were to be examined in every case, it would subject the ex-

ecutors to -behar.ssed by a multiplicity of suits, and if itwere to be fixed by the first decree, that decree would not bind per-

sons who were not parties. The case cannot be distinguished

from the rule which is applied to residuary legatees. The bill filed in this case, does not even state the number of

persons belonging to the different families, nor to that family

in whose behalf this suit is brought. Nor does it assign any

reason for not making the proper parties. It does not allege that the other legatees refuse to join, as plaintiffs, or that they

tannot be made defendants.

For this cause the decree must be reversed, and the case

remanded to the Circuit Court, that the plaintiffs may amend

their bill.

Vor. I.

4 R

68f2

SUPREME COURT.

(Pray et al. w. Belt et al.)
The objections to the report. are not entirely unfounded, and. it is not quite satisfactory.
It does not, we think, show with sufficient clearness, whether the plaintiffs in that Court were entitled to the first bond. But as the case must go back to amend the bill, a new report will of course be made; and if that shows, that the funds of the estate were sufficient to pay the debts and legacies without applying this bond to that purpose, the plaintiffs below will be entitled to that also.

This cause came on, &c., in consideration whereof, It is decreed and ordered by this Court, that the decree of the Circuit Court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed and annulled; and it is further ordered, that the cause be remanded to the said Circuit Court, for further proceedings to be had therein, and that the plaintiffs may amend their bill.

