JANUARY TERM 1829.

137

JOHN P. Vx NEss A" MAncA nms wiFE, PLAmTIFFS IN ER.o.
vs. ?EREz PNcARI, DEFENDAma ix ERROR.
Action on the case against the defendant for-waste, committed by him while tenant of the plaintif , the owner of the reversionary interest, by pulling down and removing from the demised premises, a dwelling house erected thereon, and attathed to the freehold. The question raised in the case was, whal fixture's erected by the tenant during his term'arb movable by him.
The general rure of the common law undoubtedly is, that whatevei is once anncxed to the freehold becomes part of it, and cannot be'afterwards removed, except by him who is entitled to the inheritance. This rule, however, never was inflexitle, and without exceptions. It was construed most strictly between execqtor and heir, in favour of the latter; and niore-liberally between tenant for life and in tail, and remainderman or ;eversioneri in favour of the former; and tenant, in fivour of the tenant. A more extensive excbption to thie rule has been of fixtures erected for the purposes of trade. Fixtures which vere erected to carry on trade and manufactures, were from an early period of the law allowed to be removed by the tenant, during his term; and.were deemed -personally for many other purposes. [143]
The common law of England ii not to be taken in all respects to be that-of Arerica. Our ancestors brought with them its general principjles, and claimed it as their :birth right. But they brought'with them, and adopted only that portion which was applicable to'their.situalion. - [144]
It might deserve considerafion', whether, if the rule of the cdmnion law of England which -prohibits the removal of fixtures erected by the tenant for agricultural purpose.s, -ere not previously adopted in a state by some authoritative practice or adjudication ; it ought to-be assumed by this Court, as a part of the jurisirudence of such-state, upon the mere footing ofrits existence in the common law.--, [145]
The question whether fixtures erected for the purposes of trade, are or are not %removableby the tenant, does pot depend upon thefourn or size of the build-
ing ;whethir it has a brick foundation or not, or is one ortwo stories high; or has a brick or other chimney. The sole question is, whether it is designd for the purposes of tra.de or not. [146] If-the house were built principally for a dielling house for the family, independently of carrying on a trade, then it wduld doubtless be deemed a Exture falling under the general rule', and irremovable. Bt if the residence of the family were merely n accessary for-the more beneficial exercise of te trade, and with a.view to superior dccommodation.in this particular, then it is within the
exception. [147] Evely'demise between" landlold and. tenant in respect to matters in which the
parties are Ailnt, may be fairly open to explanationby the general usage and custom of the country, or of, the distict whefe the land lies. Every person, under such citcumstances, Is supposed to be conusant of'this custom, and to cqntract with a tacit reference to it. [148]. A. court cannot be required td give -an instruction to the jury as to the relation, right and credibility of thd.testimony adduced by the partiesin-a-cause. E149]
VOL. 1.-S

138

SUPREME COURT.

I [Van Ness vs. Pacard.]

ERROR to the circuit.court of the county of Washington,
in the district of Columbia.
The plaintiffs in error instituted their adtion of trespass
on the case, in the c6urt below; to recover damages for the
removal -ofcertain.buildings from a lot of ground in the city' of Washington, the property of the -plaintiffs; whichl had
been leased to the defendant by the plaintiffs for a term of years, reser.ing a rent. The'.jhry gave a verdict in favour
of-the defendant.
Upon the -trial of'this causes the plaintiffs gave in evidence to the jury, an indenture of lease between. them and the defendant, for a lot of ground in the city of Washington for a term of years, reserving a certain rent,. with -the privilege to purchase out the fee at a stipulated, sum; and offered evidence to the jury to prove, that-after the defendant had taken possession of the land described in the lease, he erected thereon a.bdilding, two stories high in front, with a~cellai of stone or brick,-and a phW of one story; and thalthe principal,bilding, which 'had-'a brick chimney, restedU pon, this '1tohe or brick' foundation. That the defendant was. a carpenter by trade, and resided 'in the house from the commencement of his. lease -to bout the period of its expiation,
and.,tht, before the term had 'expired,,he took_ lown and removed the said hoilse from off the premies.. ''The defendant gave6 evidence, that, upon. obtaining-the. said lease, he .erected the building' with, a view to -carry on the business of a 'daiiryran,and for the residence of his family and sarvants engaged in his said business; ,and:-that the cellar, in which was a spripg, was made-and used exciu-
'sively- for.a milk cellar; thai in thq upper part, of the house were kept, and.sclded, and washed, the utensils -ofhis said
business;'and.that.that pirtwas also.occupied as 'a dwelling for his family'; that-:he wasalso a carpenter, and had tools and two apprentices in the house,, and a work-bench out of doors; and -that he worked in:.said house' at.his trade of 4
carpenter; that the house was.an a rough unfinished state, and made 'partly of. old :materials and t hat he tlso erected o said lot a stable for,his cows, of plank and"timnbr, fixed' upon posts fastened into the grouhd; ahd.. that the stable

JANUARY TERM 1829.

[Van Ness vs. Pacard.]

was pulled down and-removed at the same time with the

principal building.

Upon this evidence the counsel for the plaintiffs prayed

66 instructions of the c6urt to the jury, that if they sliould

believe-the same to be true, the defendant Was not justified

in removing .the hous- from' the .premises; and, that he -is

liable in this action- to the plaintiffs, for -the value- of the

-house; which instructions the court refusedto give.

"Thedefendant also offered evidence to prove, that a usage

and custom existed in the city of Washington, which author-

ised a tenant to remove any building.which he might drect

upon leased premises; provided the ,swame -was removedbe--

fore the expiration of the term.

Upon this evidence the counsel for the-plaintiffs asked from

the court instructions to "the.jury, that the same was not

competent to establish the fact, that -a gbneral usage- did

exist in the city of Washington, which authotised a tenant

to remove such d house as that which hsis beenerected by

the defendant ;, nor was i competent -for the jury to inter

from the evidence, that such- a usage existed.. -T. hese in-

structions Were refused by the court.

The plaintiffs then gave evidence, by-the examination of

a number of persons; who, -s owners of red'property in the

city o'f Washihgton, were 'claimed to know alr that'apper-

tained to it; to show that the usage, under which' the de-'

fendant asserted a right to remove the buildings erected'by

.him, did not exist; and thereupon moved the court to in-'

struct the jury, that upon the evidence, it is not competent

for them to find a usage or custom of the place, by which

"thedefen-dant could .be justified-in recovering the house -in

·question; -and that there being no such usage the plaintiffS

.are entitled to -a verdict: for the vane of the house', which

the'defendant pulled down and destroyed :These instrUc-

iohs were also refised.'

-'

'The plaintiffs by their bill. of-exceptions presented the

whole of these matters for-the cbnsideration of this-Court.

Mr Coxe;' for the plaintiff, contended, that the court. erred in giving and refusing the instructions. - The-question,

140

SUPREME COURT.

IVan Ness vs. Pacard.]
in this case is one of great interest to the owners of property
in the city of Washington. -The evidence offered by the
defendant was insufficient to establish*- usage; and, if upon
such testimony; a usage can be made out'there is no safety
to any owner of property. To establish a usage the.-evidence must be clear and certain, and uncontradict-ed; and the court should take care to apply this principle whenever a usage is claimed; as when it has been estabuished it becomes the law of all cases under similar circumstances. The principles of law.relative to usage are settled in 1 Gallisoms RP7i. 444. Collings & Co. vs. Hope, S Wfash. Cir. Court
Rep. 149. It cannot be contended that the building could be reco-
vered by the defendant, upon the principles which courts have established in favour cf trade. No case can be found, in which a building fixed to, the freehold-was allowed to be taken away. All the adjudgea cases go to the extent of permitting instruments and machinery used for the purposes of trade to be carried away, but nQthing more. The freehold is never to be injured, and must always be left in the condition it was when the lease commenced. Cited 3 East, 35. Woodfall's Landlord §- Tenant, 223. This building was erected for the accommodation of, the family of the defendant. It could not therefore be considered as required for -the trade of the dfendant; nor was it appropriated to a particular tade; the defendant being a carpenter, and alho employing himself invending milk. -

Mr Barrett and Mr Jones, for the defendant, argued,
1. That independent of the benefif from the usage, which whs set up asmatter of defence; the buildings removed from the premises, vWere erected and used by the tenant for the purposes'of his trade, and he had therefore a right to remove them under the general law of landlord.
2. The usage of the city of Washington which was fully proved, recognizes the right of tenants to remove buildings -put up by them, on lots which before the lease were in an
unimproved state. 3. The instructions given- by the court, and-their refusal

JANUARY TERMI 1829;

[Van Ness vs. Padaid.]

to instruct the jury as required by-the counsel for the-plain-

tiffs were correet.

' In support of the'fi.rst point, were cited-I H. B1. 258. 2

East, 88. Elwes vs. Maw, 3.E.ast, 31. 7 Johns. 227. 20

Johns. 30.

In the English cases a distinction is taken between fix-

tures on buildings for .agricultural purposes and those foi

trade.. This distinction upon a fair view of those cases cannot.

be sustained. The%principles which have always been.ap-

plied in those cases to trade, may be as well applied to

agriculture." In the city of Washington, where there is and

for a long"period will be a large space upon which no build-

ings will, be placed, the application of more liberal princi-

ples -than those found in' th4 English cases 'is proper and

necessary. Cited Woodfa4Ws Landlord*y Tennt, 224. But-

ler's .Nz8iPrius'34.2. 3. The court properly submitted the

question of usage to the jury. It was 'regularly -a question

for them. Had the court proscribed 'a rule which would

have'taken from the jury"the question of usage, it would

have been error; but here whether the usage was ,proved

was submitted and correctly.

.

Mr Justice STORY deliveied he opinion ot the Court.
This is 'a writ of error to the circuit court of the district of Columbia, sitting for the dounty of Washington.
'The original' was an action on the case, brought by thie plaintiffs in error against"the defendant for waste committed' by him, while tenant of the plaintiffs, to their reversionary interest, by pulling down and removing from the demised premises a messuage or dwelling house erected thereon and
attached to the freehold. The" cause was tried upon the general issue, and a verdict found for the defendant, upon which a- judgment passed in his favour; and the object 'of the present Writ of error is to revise that judgmeit.
By the hill of' exceptions, filed' at the trial, it appeared.
that the plaintiffs in 1820 demised to te defcndant, for s.even years, a vacant lot ili the city of Washington. at the yearly renat of $112'50 cents, with a clause in the lease that the'defendant should have c right to Purchase the same at aiy-

SUPREME COURT..
F'Va Ness vs. Pacard.]
time during the term, for $1875.. Afte- the defendant had taken possession of the lot, he erected -thereon, a wooden dwelling house, two stories high in front, with a shed of one story, a. cellar' of stone or brick foundation and a brick chimney. The defendant and his family dwefl, in the house from -its erection until near the expiration of the lease,- when he took the same down and removed all the materials from ihe tot. The defendant was a carpehter by trade; and he gave evidence, that upon. obtaining the lease he erected- the building above mentioned, with a view to carry on the bu. ainess of a dairy man, and. foithe residence of his family and servants- engaged in his .said business; and that the cellar, in which there was a spring, was made and exclusively used for amilk cellar, in which the utensils of his said bdsiness were kept dnd scalded, and washed and used; and that fed was kept in the upper part of the house',-which was -a-lso occupied as a dwelling .for his family. That the defendant had his tools as a carpenter, and two apprentices in the house, and a work-bench out of doors; and car.penter's work was done in the house, which was in a rough unfinished state and made partly of old materials. That he also erected on, the lot a stable for his cows of plank and timber fixed- upon 'posts -fastened into the ground, which stable he -removed with thd house before, the expiration of his lease.
Upon this evidence, the. counsel for the plaintiffs prayed for an instruction, that if the- jury should believe -the same to.-be true, the defendant was not justified in removing the said house from the premises; and that he was liable to the plaintiffs in this action. -This instruction the court refused to give; and the refusal constitutes his first exception. - The defendant farther offere&a-, evidence to prove, that a usage and custom existed in tlie city f Washington, which authorised- a tenant to remove any buildihgvWhiceh he mighterect upon Tented -premises,-.provialedhe did it -before the *expirpationc of the term. The plaintiffs objected to this evidence; -but -the court admitted it. This constitutes the se-
cond excepti6. , Testimony'was then introduced on this point, and after

JANUARY TERM 1829.
.[Van Ness vs. Pacard.]
the examifiation -of the witnesses for the defendant, the plaintiffs prayed the court to instrupt the jury that the evirdeuce was nbt competent to establish the fact, that a geneal usage had existed or-did exist in the city of Washing., ton,. which authorised a tenant. to remove such a :house as that erected by the tenant in this case; nor was it competent for the jury to infer from the said evidence, thatsuch a usage haq existed. The court refused to give this -instruction, and this constitutes the third exception.
The counsel for the plaintiffs then introduced witnesses to disprove the usage; and after their testimony was-given, he prayed the court to instruct the jury, that-upon the evidence given as aforesaid in this case, it is not competent for .them .to" find 'a usage or custom of the place by which ·the defendant could be justified in removing the house in, question; and there being no such usage, the plaintiffs are entitled to a verdict for the value of the house-which the difendat pulled down and destroyed. The court was divided-and did not give the instruction so prayed.;. and tfis constitutes the fourth exception.
The. first eieption raises the important question, what fixtures erected-by a tenant during his term, are removable by him .
The general rule of the -common law certainly is, that whatever is once annexed to the freehold becomes pirt of . it, and cannot afterwards be removed, except by him who is .entitled to the inheritance. The rule, however, never was, at least. as. far back as we can trace it in .the books, inflexible and without exceptions. It was construed most strictly between executor and heir in favour of the, latter; more liberally befween tenant -for life or in tail, and remainder maxi or reversioner, in favour of the former; and with much greater latitude between landlord and tenant, in favour of the tenant. But an' exception- 'of a much broader cast, and whose origin may he traced almost as high as .the rule itself, is of fixtures.erected for the'purposes-of trade. Upon principles- of public policy, and- to encourage trade and manufactures, fixtures which were erected to carry on such busi-ness, were alloived to be removed by the tenant during his

144

SUPREME COURT.

[Van Ness ,vs, Pacard.]
term, and. were deemed personalty for many other purposes. The principal cases are collected and reviewed by Lord Ellenborough in delivering the opinion of the court in Elwes vs. Maw, 3 Eat'sR.38; and it seems unnecessary to do more than to refer to that case for a full summary of the general doctrine and its admitted exceptions in -England. The court there decided, that in the dase of landlord and tenant, there had been no.relaxation of the genieral rule in cases of erections, solely for agricultura purposes, however beneficial or important they might be as improvements of ,the estate. Being once annexed to the freehold by the tena .nt,they became a part of the realty, and could never afterwards be severed by the tenant. The distinction is certainly a nice one between fixtures, for the purposes of. trade,'and fixtures for 'agricultural purposes; at least in those cases, where -the sale of the produce constifutes the principal objec.t of the tenant, and the erections are for the purpose -ofsuch a beneficial enjoyment of the estate. But that point isnot now before us; and it is unnecessary to consider what the true doctrine is or .ought to. be on this subject. .However well settled it may now be in England, it cannot escape remark, that learned.-judges at different periods in'that country, have entertained different opinions upon it, down to theo very date of the. decision in Elwes vs. "Maw,.3 East'sRt 38.
The common law of England is not to be taken in all respects to be that of America. Our ancestors brought with them its-general principles, and claimed it as their. birthright; but they brought with them and adopted only that portion which was applicable. to their situation. There could be little or no reason for doubting that the general doctrine
as to things annexed to the freehold, so far as it respects heirs an4 executors, was adopted by them. The question could arise only betw"een different claimants-under the same ancestor, and no general'policy could be subserved, by withdrawing from the heir those things which his ancestor had chosen to leave annexed to the inheritance. But, between landlord and tenant, it is-not so clear-that the rigid rule of the common law, at least as it 4s expounded in 3 East, 38,

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Van Ness vs. Paeard.]
was so applicable to theirsituation, as to give rise to necessary presumption in its favour. The country was a wildeiness,'and the universal policy was to procure its cultivation and improvement. 'The owner of the soil as well as the public,. had every motive to encourage the tenant tb devote himself to agriculture, and .to favour auw erections which should aid this result; yet, in the comparative poverty of the country,.what tenant could afford o erect fixtures -of much- expense or value, if he was to lose his whole interest therein by the very.'act of erection. "His cabin or log-hut, however necessary for any improvement of the soil; would cease to be. his the moment, it was finished. It niight, therefore, deserve consideration, whether,"in case the doctrine were not preiioUsly adopted in a state by some authorithtive practice or adjudication,; it ought to be assumed' by this Court as a part of the jurisprudence of such state, upon the mere footing of its existence in the common law. -At present, it is unnecessaiy to say more, thar that we give no opinion on this question. 'The cas6 which has been argued at the bar, may well be disposed. .f withouf any discussion of.it.
It -hsbeen already stated that the exception of buildings and other'fixtures, for the purpose of carrying on a trade'or manufacture, is of iery ancient date, and was recognised almost as early as the rule itself. The very point was decided in 20 Henry VII. 13, a. and b., where it was laid down,that if a lessee fdr years made a furnace for his advantage, or a dyer made his vats oi vessels to occupy his occupation, during the term, he may afterards remove them. That doctrin6 was recognised by lord Holt,in Poole's-case,, 1Salk. 369, in favour 6f a soap-boiler who was tenant fbr years. He -held that the party might well remove -the vats he set zip in ielation'to trade; and that he might do it by the common law, (and not by .virtue of any'custom) in favour of f ade, and to entourage iuustry. In Lawtoh vs. Lawt6ji, 3 .Atk.' R. 13, the sam"d doctrine, was held in the.case of a fire.engine, set up to work a colliery by a tenant for life. Lord Hardwicke there said, that since the time of Henry the seventh, the general ground th e courts have gone. upon of relaxihg the strict construction of law is,. that it is- for the
VoL. II.-T

SUPREME COURT.
[Van Ness vs. Pacntd.]
benefit ofthe public, to encourage tenants for life to do wha is advantaggous to the estate during the term. He added, .one reasn which weighs with me is, its being. a mixed oane, between enjoying the profits of the land, and cnrrying on a speciesaof trade; and in ronsidering it in this light, it comes very near the instances in brewho uses, &c.' of 'fiirnaces~ and coppers." Thb case too ofa-eider mill, between the eyecutor and heir, &c. is extremely strong, for hough cidex is a part of the profits 6f the real estate,: yet, it was held by lord chief baron Comyns, a very able common lawyer, that the cider mill was personal estate, notwithstanding, and thai it should go to the executor. "It does not differit, in nly opinion, whether the.shed be made of brick or wood, for it is only intended to cover it from the weather and other inconveniences." In Penton vs. Robart, 2 .East, 88, it was further decided that a tenant might remove his fiftures for trade, even after the expiration of his term, if he yet remained in possession; and lord Kenyon recognised the- doctrine .in its most liberal extent.
It has 'been suggested at the bar; that this exception in ,favour of trade has nev-er been applied to cases like that before the Court, where a large house has beeir built and uted in part as a family residence. But the quesitign, whether removable or not, does.not depend upon the form or size of the building, ,whether it has a brick foundation or not, or is one oi two stories high, or hfi a brick or other chimney. The sole question is, whether it is -designed for purposes of .trade or not. A tenant may erect a large as well as a small messuage, or a-soap boilery of one or two stories high, and on whatever foundations he nifty choose. In Lawton v8 Lawton, 3 '.tk. R. 13, lord Hardwicke said, (as we have - already seen) that it made no difference whether the shed of the engine be rihade of brick or stone. In Penton vs. Robart, 2 East'sR. 68, 'the building had a brick foundation, let into the ground, with a chimney belonging to-it, upon which there was a superstructure of wood.. Yet the court thought the building removable. In Elwes vs. Maw, 3 East'sR. 37, -lord.Ellenborough 'expressly stat4, that thera was no difference between the building coi~ring any fixed engine,

JANUARY TERM -1829.
[Van Nesi vs. Pacard.]
utensils, and the-latter. The only point is, vhether it is iccessary-to earryihg on 'the trade or not. 'If bona fide intended for this puipase, it falls within the exception -infavour"of trade." The case of the Dutch barns, before -lord Kenyon(d), is to the same effec.t,
'Then as to the residence of the family in the house, this .resolves itself into the )ame consideiation. If the:house were built principally for 'a dwelling house for the family, independently of carrying on the trade, then it would doubtless be'deemed a fixture, falling un'der the general rule,,an inmovable. But if the residence of the family were merely an accessoryY for tie more beneficial exercise of the trade; and with a view to stiperior accommodation ii this particular, then it is within the exception. There are many trades which can'not be afried on welL-wjthout the presence of mihy persons by'night as well as by day. It-is so in some vialuable manufictories. It is not unusual for persons employed inl.-1iakery tos-leep -inthe same building.' Now what-was the evidence in the present case. It .was,."that the defendant erected the building before mentioned, Wiitl a view to cary oni the sine . of a dairj man, andfor the residence of hifamnly.and servants e4gaged in that business." The .residence of the faniily was then auxiliary to the dairy; it was fbr'the accommodation and"beneficiatl operations-6f this trade. * 'Surely, it cannot be' doub.ted5 ihat ii a businidss pf this naturd,-tle immei ,preieneo the family and servats, Was, orrhight.b'e oi(very greet utflityand 'impprtand'e. , The defendant was also A carpeiiter, and'carried 'on his business, %ssuch, in th6,sane 'building. It is nO:bjection that be. carried on tvo tradesintead of:on. - There is not the.slightiast evidence-of this on6 being a mere' dovek or evasion to c.nceal another,'whidh-Was*thd plincipal .eiign ; and, unle.s we were prepared to 'saj (wbich we"are io. "that-the -mere fact that the htise 'Wts used for'a dwelling Iduse,.'a well is for a trade, supberiedid thd'exception in favour of the-latter, there is no ground to declare that the tenant -was not entitled to-remoie it. At 'mot,it would be deemed only a mixed
(a) Dean vs. Allaley, 3 Esp. Rei. )1! Woo4 tis Landlord4-"Tenaprt 219.

SUPREME COURT.
[Vdn Ness vs. Pacard.]
case, nualogous in principle to those before lord chief baron Comyns, and lord Hhrdwicke and therefore en~itled to the benefit of the exception. The case of Holmes vs. Tremper, 20 Johns. R. 29, proceeds upon principles equally liberal.; and it is quite certain that the supreme court of New York, were not prepared at that time to adopt the doctrine of Elwes vs; Maw, in respect to erections for agricultdral purposes. In 'our ojinidn, the circuit court was right in refusirg the first instruction;
The second exception proceeds upon the ground that it was 'not compeieift to establish a usage add custom in the city of Washington for tenants -to make such remoyals of buildings during their term. We can perceive. no objection to such proof. Every demise between landlord and tenant in respect to matters in which the parties are silent, may be fairly 9pen'to explaration by the general.usage and"custom of the country or of the' district where the land lies. Every person under such circumstan~es is supposed to fe conusant of tht custom, and to contract with a tacit reference to it. Cases of this sort are familiar in the booksa; as for instance, to prove the right of a tenant to an away-going crop(a). In the very class of cases now, before the Court the custom of the country has been, admitted to decide the right of the tenant to remoie fixtuves(b). The case before lord chief justice Treby turned upon that point(c).
The third exception turns upon the consideration,. whether the parol testimony was cobipetent to establish such a usage ind custom. Competent it certainly was, if by competent is meant, that 'it was admissible to go to the jury. Whether it was such as ought to have satisfied their minds on the matter of fact was solely for their consideration; opqn indeed to such commentary and observation as the' court-might think proper in its discretion to lay before them for their aid and guidance. We cannot say that they were n6t at liberty, by the principles of law, to infer from the evidence the exist-. ence of the usage. The evidence might be somewhat loose
(a) 2 Starkie on Etvidance, Part IV. p. 458. (b) WVoodfall's Landlord 4"Tenant, 218. fe) Buller'sjvmWi Prius,34.

JANUARY. TERM 1829,
[Van ,Ness vs. Pacard.]
and indeterminate, and so be urged with more or less effect upon their judgment; but in a legal sense it was within their. own province to weigh it as proof or as usage.
The last exception professes to call upon the court to institute a comparison between the testimony introduced by the plaintiff and that introduced by the defendant against and for the usage. It requires from the court a decision upon its relative weight and ckedibility, which the court were not justified in -giving to the jury in the shape of a positive instruction.
Upon the whole in our judgment there is no error in the jddgment of the circuit court; and it is affirmed with costs.
This cause came on to be .heard. on a transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States.for the district of Columbia, holden in and for the county of Washington, and was argued by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is the opinion of this Court, that there is no error in the judgment of the said'circuit court. Whereupon it is considered, ordered and adjudged by this Court, that the judgmefit of the said circuit court inthis cause, be,.and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.

JANUARY TERM, 1829.
YO'i REYNoLDs, T.NANT TE UrTrD'STATES, PLAINr-FF V. DumAcx" M'AATmini, DEBNDAXT.
lThe ands north west of the Rver Ohio, between the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, lying west of Ludlovsiline,east of Roberts's line and south of the Ifdian boundary, reserved by Virginia, in her deed 6f cession to the United States of March 178.4, for the satisfaction of the military bounties Virginia had promised, were not, prior to 1810, by any legislative acts of the government qf the United States, w'thdrawzi from appropriation under and "byvirtu6 of .Virginia military land warrants. A patent issued on the 12th of October 1812, founded upon a military land warrant, for land withinR the rpseried lands, is valid against a claimant of the same land, holding under a sale made by the United States.
SERROR to the st:preme court of Ohio': This was an action of ejectment, brought originally in the court of common pleas for Champaign counfty in the state of Ohio, by M'Arthur, the defendant in error, against Reynolds, the tenant in possession. In that court a verdict and judgment.#ere rendered' in favour of the plaintiff below. The ;plaiftifltl error appealed to the supreme court of Ohio ·for that,.co ty. On the irial in the latter court, (being -by the laws of Ohi6, a trial de novo,) M'Arthur agaimobtained 'iverdict and judgment in his favour. M'Aithur claimed the land in coutroversy under a patent froni the United States;.bearjig date October the 12th, 18W, founded on entry and survey made in th year 1810, on-a watlant granted *for servicesin the Virginia line on continental estab1ishment during the war of the revolution. Reynolds, the defendant below, clained as. the assignee of one Henry Van Meter, Wtho in the year 1805. entered -the land, in cbiotroversy at the;Cin,cinnati 1ind office'. It rverted to the United States in the year 1813, for non-paymen t of the purchase money, and duringthe same year it was. eter- A again by Van Meter, and the Certificate of entry assign d by him-to Reynolds. The deed of cession of the country nqrth west of the *Ohio river, from Virginia to the United. Statis, dated, in March 1784, reserved the country between the rivers Sci o
VOL. II.-3 C

-SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds vs, M'Arthur.]
and Little .Miami,for the satisfaction of the military bounities Virginia had promised to her officers and soldiers on continental establishment. "The sources of the two rivers are betwqen fifty and sixty miles apart, and the country between them makes a part of the western boundary of the reservation. In 1802, Israel Ludlow was directed by-the then surveyor.general of tjie United States, to run the boundary line between these rivers, who in that year accordingly ran adirect line from the source of the Little Miami towards what he supposed to be the source of the Scioto; to which-river -he did not-extend his line, in consequence of being arrested in -his survey by the Indians at the Greenville treaty line, that line being then the Indian boundary. The line run by Ludlow is called .4udlow's line.
In the year 1812 congress passed an act authorising, the appoihtment of three commissioners, who, in conjtknction with. commissioners to be appointed by Virginia, were directed -to run the boundary, line betWeen the sources of these iivers, with authority to agree ulon and establish the same. They proceeded to ascertain the sources of -these rivers, aid employed a surveyor of the name of Roberts to run a direct line between them. While he was running the line, a misunderstanding arose among the commissioners as to the principle on which tie boundary should be -settled. The ,Virginia commissioners contended for a line from the source of the Scioto to the mouth of the Little Miami as the boundary. The United States commissioners claimed the line then running-between the sourceiof the two rivers as the boundary.
The conmissioners separated without agreeing upon a boundary. This line isc.alled Robert3's line. It runs from nearly the same point-on the Little Miami, at which Ludlow's line commences; to a point on the Scioto several miles west 6f-the terhnination of Ludlow's line when extended to the latter river. The 'two lines inclhde i°triangular gore.of country extending fr-6m on6 river to the other. - Shortly after Ludlow's line was run, the surveyors in the employment of the United States proceeddd to survey the country west of and bounding upon that line, as far as the Indian boundary,

JANUARY TERM 1829.

419

[Reynolds vs; MArthur.]

and the officers at the Cincinnati land office sold the whole-

or part of the country lying beiween Ludlow's and Roberts's

lines, as the land of the United States; among which was the

land in controversy. The act of 1812 declared that Lud-

lbw's line should be the boundary, until otherwise establish-

*ed by the consent of Virginia and the United States.. By

another act of congress passed in 1818,,LudloW's.line to the

Greenville treaty line; was made the boundary.unitil other-

wise directedby 1aw. And above the Greenville treaty line.to

the Scioto, Roberts's line was made by that act the boundary.

The land in controversy -was admitted by the -parties

to lie on Buck creek, a-water of the Great

Trivaemri,

.adjoining Ludlow's line, and'south of th.e Indian boundary

line. The plaintiff below, M'Arthur, furiher' agreed that

if the land in controversy did not lie- between the-rivers

Scioto and Little Miami, a verdict' and judgment should ,be

rendered against him.

On the trial in ihe supreme court of Ohio, the counsel.'for

the plaintiff.in error prayed the court to give the jury' eight

several. instruictions; all of which that Court refused to give.

To th~s refusal a bill of exdeptions was tendereal, upon

'which the writ of error is founded.'

The instructions prayea for bytihe coufisel for the-plaintiff in the court below, were as follows:
1. That the lands west ofLudlow's line, east of Roberts's line, and'south of the-Indian boindiry line, had bedn withdrawn from apiprppriation, under and by virtue of said miliiary land warrants, prior to the year 1810; and that as the same had: pursuant to the acts of congiress in such case made and provided, been -directed to be surveyed arid sold; and that, as-the same had accordingly been surveyed and sold to the defendant; prior to the year 1810 ; consequently that ,the plaintiff's patent is void :and their verdict .ought to be

for the defendant. 2. That qst'ht, third section of thc act of congress -ofth6
United States of 11th April 1818, declares: "that-from the source of the Little Miami -riverto the Indian boundary line -established by-the treaty ofGreenville in'P795, 'the line-designated as the westerly boundary line of the Virginia tract,

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds ft. M'Arthur.]
by .anact of congress passed on the 23d day of March 1804, entitled ' an act .to ascertain the. boundary of the lands- re-' served by the state of Virginia, north west of he river Ohio, for-the satisfaction of her oficeis and soldiers on continental establiqhment, and to"limit the period for locating the said .lands,' shall be considered and held as such until otherwise* directed by law ;'.' and as said boundary line was run by Ludlow, under the directions of the surveyor general, pursuant to an act of congress, entitled "An act' to extend and continue in.force the provisions of an act entitled 'an adt giving- a right of pre-emption to certain persons who have contracted with John Cleves $ymmes, or 'his assbciites, .for lands lying between the Miami rivers, in the territory north west ofthe Ohio, and for other purposes,' " approved May 1st, 1802 ; and offered for sale at public auction, at the Cincinnati land office, pursuant to the act entitled, "An act making provision for the disposal of public lands in the Indiana territory, and -for other purposes? approved March.26th, 1804, mu3t.be cobstrued as having relation bacL to the above recited act, entitled " .An act to ascertair tie boundary of the lands reserved by. the state, of Virginia, ,north, west of the fiver Ohio, for the gatisfaction of the officers and soldiers on continental establishment, and to limit the period for locating said lands," cipproved 23d of Marh 1804 .was passed, urd.'took effect; and as the plaintiff's patent covers lands west of that line, and south of the Greenville treaty line, and is based on an entry mde in 1810, -on .a-Virginia continental lalnd warrant, which land had been surveyed, and sold to the defendant, pursuant to the act of congrissprior to the year'1810, the.plaintiff'i patent is void: and their yerdict ought to be for the defendant.
3. That according to the true intent and meaning of 'the act and deed-of cession from Virginia to'the United States, and the several acts of congress relative to the sale, of the' public, lands 'of the United States, the lands lying-between' the rivers Scioto and Little Miami are bounded bv.aline-ex-. tendink from the source or poiit of land -fartheat removed from the.mouths of these respective rivers, from which the rain'descending on the earth, runs down jnlo ,thirrespec--

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthbr.]
tive channels, along the t6p-of the ridges dividing the waters of the Scioto from the -waters of the, Great Miami, which empty into the Ohio below the mouth. of the Little Miami -as delineated on the diagram re.turned by the county surveyor for the defendant in this cause; and as the plaintiff's patent
covers land west or without the boundary of thb district so bounded as aforesaid, and is based on-an entry On.a.Virginia continental land whrrant, which entry was made in the -year 1810, and which said entry and" patent cover, lands which had, pursuant tothe acts of congress, bebn surveyed and sold to the defendant, prior to the date of the plai'ntiff's said'entry, the plaintiff's patent is void: and their verdict o~ight to be for the defendaht.
4. That if the line connecting the rivers Scioto and Little ,Miami, cannot, according to the true intent ana meaning of the said act and deed of cession, and the several acts-of congress for the sale of their public lands, be extended, as stated in instructions last above asked, then that the line connecting the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, so'-h to include all the lands between the"said two rivers, must be extended. from the source of the Little' Miami, parallel to the general course.of the Ohio .river, until it interseot-,the. river Scioto; and as the plaintiff's patent is based bn-a Virginia coninental land -warrant, which warrant had- been located in 1810 on lands which had prior*Xo the year 1810 been sueveyed and sold to the defendant pursuant to the acts of congress, the patent of the plaintiff is void , and their verdict ought to be for the defendant.
5. That if the line connecting the rivers SciQto and Little Miami, cannot, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act ahd deed-of cession, be extended, as stated in either of the instructions asked for ahbov6, then that the sources of the said two rivers must be at that-point in thbir respective channels, at which, from the union of sever@ rivulets,:brooks, or creeks, sufficient water flows at an ordinary stage, on wniich to .'navigate small vessels-ladni and that the line connecting said rivers, must be -a direct hne. from said sources so ascertained. cisaforesaid; and if, from "the-eiidence, the jury shall find that the lands cbovered'.iy

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
the plaintiff's- patent, are based*on an optry covering lands without the limits of said Virginia military district, so called, which-had, prior to the year 1810, pursuant to the acts of congress in such case made and provided, been surveyed and sold to the defendant, the plaintiff's patent is void: and their Verdict ought to be for the defendant.
6. That if the line connecting the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act and deed of cession, cannot be extended, as stated in either of the instructions asked foras abbve, then that the sources of the said two rivets must be considered as commencing at that point in their respective -channels, from which the water flows at-all seasons of the year; and that said rivers must be.connected by a direct line, run from said sournces; and if, from the evidence, the jury shall find that the plaintiff's patent is based on an entry, covering lands without the limits of paid Virginia military district, so called, which had. prior to the year 1810 pursuant tq the acts of oongress in such case made and provided been -surveyed and sold to the defendant, the plaintiff's patet is void: and their verdict ought to be forthe-defendant.
7.V That if the line connecting the rivers Scioto and Little Miami, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act and deed of cession, cannot be extended; as stated in either-of the instructions asked for above,, then that the sources of the said two rivers must be fixed at that point in their respective channels, farthest removed from their respective mouths, at whith water is found at all seasons of the year, and that a direct line, connecting said rivers, must be extended from said points; and if,,from the evidence, the jury shall be of opinion that the plaintiff's patent covers land without satd bbundary, so fixed as aforesaid, and which is based on an entry covering said land, made in.the year 1810, which had pursuant to the acts of congress of the United States been surveyed and sold to the defendant by the United States prior to the.year I810, the plaintiff's.patent is void: and their verdict ought tq be for the defendant.
8. That if the line connecting the said, rivers Scioto and Little Miami, according to the true intent and meaning of

JANUARY TERM 1829..

423

[Reynolds vs. WArthur.]
the said act and deed of cession, and the several acts of con-
gress "ilative to*the sale of the- public lands, of the'United States, cannot be extended, as stated in' either of 'the instructions asked for above, then that -the sources of 'these streams are at that.,point, farthest removed from their respective mouths, from which the rain descending on'tiie earth, runs down into their respective channels; and ±ha the lands lying between these rivers are limited by a direct line
run from those points; and if, from the evidence, the jury shill, be of opinion that the'plaintiff's patent covers'land without the limits of said boundary, so stated as aforesaid, and which is based.onan entry made in the year 1810, whicl had,'pursuant to the acts of congress of the United- States, prior to 'the said year 18O,0'.been surveyed and sold io the defendant by.the United Statesi pursuant to the acts of-congress, the plaintiff's. patent is void: and their verdict ought to be for the defendant.
But the court declined giving the instructions asked .for: to which refusal of the court the defendant, by his counsel, excepted, and prays the court here to sign and seal thig bill of exceptions,, which is done acc6rdingly, July 19th, 1827.
This case was argued by Mr Scott for the plaintiff in error, and by Mr Mason and Mr Vinton for the defendant. Mr Wirt, attorney general, ap ieared for the plaintiff by order of the 'governmept of the United.tates, but was preveitted taking part in the argument by indisposition.

Mr,Chief ustice MARS HALL delivered the opinion of 'heL
Court.
This is a writ of error to a judgment rendered by. the sipreme court of Ohio for the county of Champaign, in an ejectment in which the lessee of Duncan M'Arthur' was plaintiff, and John Reynolds was. defendant, 'The plaintiff claimed the land in cotroversy, under a patent -issued -On. the 12th day of.October 1812, founded on an entryimade in the year 1810, on a military land warrant graned- by the state of Virginia for srvices. during the war of: the revolutiop, in the Virginia line, on continental establishment.

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
The title of the defendant 'itshus stated. The land was sold'by the United States at their land flice in Cincinnati, in the year I805, to Henry Van Meter. It reverted to the United States-in the year 1813 on account of the non-payment of the purchase money; and was again sold, during the same year at the same office, to Henry Van Meter, to whom a certificate of sale was issued, which he afterwards transferred to the defendant John Reynolds.
The verdict and judgment were in favour ot tne plaintiff in the state court. At the trial, the counsel for the defend-
ant moved the court to instruct the jury on several points made in the c.ause, aid excepted to the refusal of the court, to give these instructions. The judgment of the state court, having been against a title set up under several acts of congress, is brought before this Court by writ of error, that ihe camoninsterdu.ction put on those acts by that court-may be re-ex-
The inquiry will be, whether the court ought to, have given any one of the instructions which were required. The several prayers for this purpose will be considered in the order in which they were made,
1.The first instruction asked is, 'that the-lands west df LudlQw's line, east of Roberts's line, and south of the Indian boundary line, had been withdrawn from appropriation under and by virtue of 'military land warrants prior 'to the year 1810; and that as the same 'had, pursuant to the acts of congress in such case made and provided, been directed to be surveyed and sold, and had accordingly been surveyed and sold to the defendant, prior to the year 1810; the plaintiff's patent is void, and their verdict ought to be for the defendant.
This motion does not. question the bounds of the lands reserved by Virginia for military bounties, but supposing the tract of country. west of Ludlow's 'line, east of Rob6rts's' line, and south of the Indian boundary line iobe within that reserve, asks the court to say, that congress had, prior to the year- 1810, when M'Arthur's entry was made, withdrawn it from appropriation under *and by virtue of military land warrants.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'-Arthur.3
Before deciding on the. propriety of refusing or-granting this, prayer, it will be necessary to review the legislation of congress on this subject.
The act ofthe 9th ofJune 1794(a), taken in connection with the reservation in favour of their officers and soldiers contained in-the deed of cession made by Virginia, unquestionably subjected the whole of the military reserve to the satisfaction of those-warrants, for which the rese've was made. Had congress, previous to the year 1810, withdrawn that portion of this reserve which lies between the line run'by Ludlow, and that run by Roberts, from its liability to be so appropriated I
So early as the year 1785, congress passed "an' ordinance(b) for ascertaining the mode of disposing of lands in the western territory," in which, for the purpose of securing 'tothe officers and soldiers of the Virginia line on continental establishment, the bounties granted them by that state, it is ordained "that no part of the land between the rivers called Little Miami anid Scioto, on the north west side of the-river Ohio be sold or" in any manner alienated, until there shall first have been laid off and appropriated for the said officers and soldiers and persons claiming unde- "'em, the lands they.are entitled to agreeably to the said deed of cession and act of congress accepting the same."
The scrupulous regard which this clause, in the ordinance of May 1785, manifests to this-condition made by Virginia in her deed -of cession, is the more worthy of remark, - because at that time no suspicion was entertained that -the military warrants of Virginia would, cover, the whole territory; and it Was even doubted, as the legislation of congress shows, whether any part of that territory would le 'required for them. '-Even under these circumstances, congres declared the determination not to sell or alienate any land between the Scioto and the Little Miami.
Id May 1796 congress passed " an act providing f&r -the sale of the lands of the United States in the territory north
(a) 2 United States Laws, 440. (b)1 Uniled States Laws, 563. 569.
VOL. 11.-3 D.

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
west of the river Ohio and above the mouth of Kentucky river(a)." . The second section enacts that, " the part of the, said land 'which has not been already coiveyed,"' &c. "or which has not been heretofore, and during the present session of congress may not be appropriated 'for satisfying niilitaty land bounties, and for other purposes, shall be divided," &c.
This law then, from which the whole power of the surveyor general is derived, excludes from his general authority all lands previously appropriated for military land bounties and 'for other purposes; and consequently excludes from it the lands between the Scioto and the Little Miami.
In May 1800(b)f congress passed an act to amend the act of 1796, which enacts 'that for the *disposal-.ofthe lands of the United States directed to be sold by the original act, there shall be four land offices established in the said territory." The places at which these 'land offices shall be fixed are designated in the act, and the district of country attdched to each is described. One of these is Cincinnati; the place at which, the lands in controversy were sold, and the district attached to it is that below the Little- Miami.
It is perfectly.clear from the language of this act, that it extends to those lands only which were comprehended in the act of May 1796, and thatno one of the districts established 'by it, comprehends the land ine'ontroversy.' Any general phrasei which may be found' in the law must, according to every rule of.constructioh, be limited'in -their application to those lands which the original act authorized the surveyor general to lay off for the purpose of beig sold. If he surveyed any lands to which that act does not extend, he exceeded his authority, and the- survey is not sanctioned by the law.- If land thus surveyed by mistake has. been sold, the sate was not authorized, by 'the law under 'oloqr of which it was made. '
The counsel 'for the p!aintiff in error has pressed earnestly on the Court the grants made to Johi Cleves Symmes, and
(a) 2 7nite&dStaies Laws, 533. (b)3 UnRed States Laws, 385.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynvlds vs. M'Artbur.1
to the purchasers .under him. .We are not sure that the argument on this point ha&been clearly understood, and hav therefore examined that-transaction, in order to discover iti influence, if it can have -any, on the question now irnder consideration.
In 1787 J6hn Cleves Symmes applied to congress for a grant to himself and his assooiates of the lands lying within, the followin'g limits, Viz. " beginning at the mouth of the Great Miami river, thence running up the Ohio to'the mouth of the Little -Miami river, up, the main stream of the Little Miami river to the place where. a due west line, to 6~e continued from the western termination of the northen boundary line of the grant to Messrs Sargent', Cutler & Co. shall intersect the said Little Miamirriver, thence aue west, continuing the said-western line to the place where the said line shall intersect the main branch or stream of 'the Great Miami, thence down the Grdat Miami to the place of beginning." .
In consequence of this- petition, a contract was entered -into for.ilie sale of one million of acres of land to begiaon the bank of the Ohio, twenty miles along its meanders above the mouth of the Great Miami, thence to the" mouth of the 'Great Miami, thence -ul that river to 'aplace whence a line drawn due east will intersect, a line drawn from the place of beginning, parallel with the general course of the Great Miami, so *as to include one million of acres within" these lines and the said rivers, and from that .place upon the said Great-Miami river, extending along such lines to the-place of beginning, -containing as aforesaid one million of acres.
The language of this contract does not indicite anX intention on the part of congress to encroach on the militiary reserve, which the ordinanc of May 17.85, then in full force, - had dxcepted from sale or alienation.
In 1792(a), congress, at the request of John CJ Symmes,passed an act to alter this 'contract in such manner that the land sold should extend from the mouth of the Great Miami to the mouth of the Little Miami, and be boundect-by.tihe
(a) 2 nited States Laws, 270

SUPREME -COURT.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
,river Ohio -on the south, hy the Great Miami on the west, by the Little Miami on the east, and by a parallel of latitude on the north, extending from the Great Miami to the Little Miami, so as to comprehend the' proposed quantity of one million of acres.'?
The lands then which'might be granted to John C. Symmes, in pursuance of this act of congress; lay between the Great and Little Miami, and were to lie below the Little Miami. The Scioto is above that river; so that congress could not have intended that this grant to Symmes should interfere with the military reserve.
On the'36th of September, in the year 1794, a deed was exec ited in pursuance of the act of 1792, conveying toJohn C. Symmes that tract of land beginning at the mouth of the Great Miami river, and ixtending from thence along the river Ohio to the mouth of the Little M'ami river, bounded on the south by the river Ohio, on the nxest by-the Great Miami, on the east by the Little Miami, and on' the north by a parallel of latitude to be run from the Great Miami to the Little Miami, so as to comprehend-the quantity of 311,682. acres of land.
It is obvious that this patent does not interfere With the military reserve. But John C. Symmes had sold to several persons who purchased in the confidence that he would comply witbh his contract, for one million of acres, and be enabled to onvey the lands sbld to them. -
In March 1799 congresspassed an act declaring that any' person or persons, who, before the first day of April in the year 1797, had made any contract in writing 'with John C. Symmes for the purchase -of lands between the Great and
Little Miami rivers, -which are, not comprehended in 'his patent dated the 30th of September 1794, shall be entitled to a preference in purchasing of the Unitect States all the lands so contracted for at -the price of two dollars per acre.
In Marclh 1801, congress passed an act -exiending this right of pre-emption to all persons who had, previous to thb first day of'January 1800, made any contract in writing with the said John C. Symmes or with any of his associates, for the purchase of lands between the M~iami rivers, within the

JANUARY TE-RM 1829.

429

[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
limits of.a survey made by Israel Ludlow, in conformity to an act of congress of the 12th of 'April 1792.
The provisions of. this act are supposed to contemplate ihe survey and sale of the lands which had-been sold to John C: Symmes between the Miamiriveis; in like manner as had.been prescribed for other lands lying above the mouth of Kefitucky by the acts of 1796 and 1800. The-right of preemption was limited to lands within Israel Ludlow's survey; but that' survey contained' less than 600,000 acres,'and the contract of Symmes was for on6 million of acres; congress therefore resumed the.consideration of this subject, and in May- 1802 extended this right of pre-emplion to all those wlro had purchased frori' John C. Symmes, lands lying betw-een- the Miami rivers,' and without the limits of Ludlow's survey.. It caniot be doubted.that this right of pre-emption allowed i o'the purchasers under John 0..Symmes, was limited to lands lying between the Miami rivers and-lying within his contract; Congress could never have intended that thir contract should interfere with the .military reserve. That reserve was. oflands lying above the Little Miami.' The sale to Symmes was of lands lying below that river. It was made while an ordinance was in full force, declaring the resolution of congress not to alienate any part of that reserve. Their contract was made in subordination to that "ordinance and cannot have intended to,violate it. The terms of-the cbn- tract do not purport to violate, it. The land sold to Symmes, and the pre-emption rights allowed to the purchasexs und6r him, are so described as to furnish no ground for the opinion that'congress could have suspected them to interfere with the .military reservd. If the Scioto and the Great Miami, contrary to all probability,, should take 'such .a direction as to produce a possible-intefference between the lands sold to Symmes and the reserve which congress had declared its resolution not to alienate, some difficulty might. possibly arise in a case where one of the parties claimed under a military"warrant, and the other under a pre-emption certificate. But that is not this case. The title of the plaintiff
iri error is ufider a purchase made at a sale of the lands of the United States at Cincinnati, by Henry Van Meter, who is.

SUPRIEME COURT.
.[Reynoldi vs. M'Athur.]
not stated to have held a pre-emption certificate,.or to have been a purchaser tinder Symmes.
The instruction. which the court was asked .togive is, that the.land between th lines of Ludlow and Roberts had been withdrawn, from appropriation, under and by virtue of military land wartants, previous to the year 1810. This withdrawal is not in express terms, but is supposed tobe implied from a direction to survey the lands between the Great and Little fMiami which had been exempted from the operation of the acts of'1.796 an'd 1800, under the idea tha't they were domprehended in the contract with Symmes. Congress could not suspect that the latids to be surveyed under this law could interfere with the lands lying between the Little Miami and the Scioto; and consequently, cannot have intended by this act to vary the boundary of the military reserve.
It has been very truly observed, that all the laws on this subject should be taken together. The condition inserted in' the deed of cession of Virginia, which reserves the land lying between the little Miami 'nd the 'Scioto, for the purpose of satisfying the warrants' granted to the officers and sdldiers of that state; the ordinance of May 1785, declaring that'no part of that reserve should be alienated ; the contract 'with Symines for the sale of lands lying between the two Miami; the acts relative to pre-emptigns, and which -direct the survey and sale of the lands lying between the Miami; without any.allusion to the military district; must be taken into view at the same time.
It is, we think, impossiblb to believe that congress supposed itself, when directing the survey and sale of lands between the Great and Little Miami, to be abridging. or altering the bounds of a district which Virginia had reserved ii the deed of cessfon by which the country north West of the Ohio had been conveyed to the.United States. . When congfess designed to act on this subject, the pur-
pose was expressed'; and overtures were made to the other party to the compact, to obtain her co-operation.
In executing the act of May 1800, the -surveyor general had caused a line to' be run, from what, he supposed to be

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'Artbur.]
the source of the Little Miami, towards what hesupposed to 'be the source of the Scioto, which is the line denominated LudloW's, and surveyed the lands west of that linie in the manner prescibed by the act of congress. . InMarch 1804(a), congress passed an act establishing that line as" the western- boundary of the reserve, piovided the state of Virginia should, within two years after the passage of'the act, accede to it. .Virginia did not accede to it.
In 1812(b), congress made another effort to establish this line. The president was authorised to appoint commissioners to meet others which shbuld be appointed by Virginia, who were to agree on the western line of the military reserve, and cause the same to be surveyed and marked 6ut. These commissioners met; and after ascertaining the sources of the two rivers, employed Mr Charles Roberts to survey and mark a line from the source of the one to the source of the other. This line is called Roberts's line. The Virginia commissioners, however, refused to accede to this line.
This act provided, that until an agreement should take place between the commissioners, the line designated in the. act of 1804, which is-.Ludlow's, should be considered and held as the proper.boundary line. This enactment is provisional and prospective.
In 1816(c), congress ,passed tin act declaring-that from the source of the Little Miami to the Indian boundary line, established by the treaty of Greenville, Ludlow's line should. be considered as the western boundary of. the military reserve, until -otherwise directed by law.; and that from the said Indian boundary line to the source of the Scioto river, the line run by Charles Roberts shall be so considered.
When we review the whole legislation of congress.on this subject, we think the conclusion inevitable, that in the acts of, 1801 and 1802, which have been cited, the legislature did not consider itself as altering the bounds of the military district, or as withdrawing before the year 1820-any pait of -the territory lying between the Little Miami and the Scioto
(a) 3 Unked States Laws, 592. (b) 4 United States Laws, 455. (c) 6 United States Laws, 2S2.

SUPREME COURT:
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
from.beizig appropriated by the military land warrants granted by the state of Virginia. If those acts have -this effect, it is one which was- not intended.
Before a court can be required t9 declare the law which would arise between conflicting statutes of this character, the fact that they do conflict, ought to be clearly established. The counsel for the plaintiff in error has argued this part of the case as if the fact was established ; as if a line drawn from the source of the Little Miami to the source of the Great-Miami would ificlude the land between Ludlow's line and that of Roberts ; and this Court has thus far treated the question as it has be~n argued. But this.factIs not established in this case. It is not among the facts agreed by the* parties, nor was the 'state iourt required tp ifistruct the jury, that if they should find the land west of Ludlow's, and east .of Roberts's line to, lie between the Little and Great Miami, or within Symmes's purchase, "that it had been withdrawn from appropriatibn, under and by virtue of said military land warrants, prior to the year 1810," and that M'Arthur.s patent was consequently void, The court was n6t required to state the law hypothetically, .as being dependant on the fac ; but to assume the fact,-and io state the law positively'upbn that assumption, The record, we think, did. not authoiise the court to consider this fact as established, andto withdriaw it from thd jury.
There is no error in refusing this instruction. 2. The counsel for the defendant'then asked the court to instruct the jury, that, as the third section of the' act of the congress of the United States, of the. 11th of April 1818, declares : "That from the source of the, Little Miami river to the Indian boundary line, established by the treaty of Greenville in 1795, the line designated as the westerly boundary line of the Virginia tract,.by an act of congress passed -on the 23d day o March 1804, entitled ' an act to ascertain the boundary of the lands reserved by the state of Virginia, north west of the river Ohio, for the satisfaction of her officers and soldiers on continental establishment, and to limit the period for locating the said lands', shall be considered and held as such until otherwise dirccted by law ;" and as said

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
boundary line was run by Ludlow, under the directions of the surveyor general, pursuant to an act of congress, entitled "An act to extend and continue in force the provisions of an act entitled ' an act giving a right of pre-emption to certain persons who, have contracted with, John Cleves Symmes, or his associates, for lands lying between the Miami .rivers, in the territory north west of the Ohio, and for other purposes,'" approved May 1st, 1802; and offered for sale at public.auctior, at the Cincinnati land Qffice, pursuaft to the 'act, entitled ; An act making .provision for the disposal of.public lands in the Indiana territory, and for other purposes," approved March 26th, 1804, must be construed as' .having relation back to the time the above recited act, entitled '1 An act to ascertain the'boundary of the lands reserved by the state of Virginia, north west of the river Ohio, for the satisfaction of the officer's and soldiers dn continental establishment, and to limit the period for locating said lahds," approved,23d of March 1804; was passed, and took effect; and s the plaintiff's patent covers lands west of that line, and south of.the Greenville treaty line, and is based on an ,entry made in 1810, on a Virginia continental land warrant, which.land had. been' surveyed and sold to the defendant, pursuant to the acts of congress prior to the year 1810, the plaintiff-'s patent is void : and their verdict ought to be for -theTdheefepnrdayanert: for this instruction is founded on the assertion
that Ludlow's line was run under the direction of the surveyor general, pursuant to the act of congress .of the 1st of May 1802, granting pre-emption rights to purchasers from John Cleves Symmes; and'that the land in controversy was. sold, pursuant to the act of the 26th of March 1-804, making provision for the disposal of public lands in the Indian territory, and for other purposes.
If by the words "pdrsuant to an act of congress," as used in this.prayer, it is intended to say that the boundary -line run by Ludlow was correctly run as required by the act of May'ist, 1802; and that the sale of the land in controversy was authorized by the act of the 26th of March 1804, then the courtis required to decide facts not admitted by the parties,
VOL...-. E

434-

SUPREME COURT.

[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
which are proper for 'the consideration'of the jury; and then to declare the law arising. upon those facts. If those words mean no more than that the line was actually run, under the atithority of the surveyor general, and that the.land in coniroversy was actually :sold at- the land office -in Cinciinati by the officers of government, the question fairly arises, what influence have these facts "onthe rights of the parties . Do they, takep in connexion with the acts of the 23d of March 1804 and of the 11th of April' 181 , justify the inference which the court is asked to draw,' that thq act of 1818 relates back to the act of 1804, and takes effect from its-date, so as to .avoid a patent issued in October 1812, on an entry
and survey made in 1810. It.has already been stated"that the act of the 23d of March
1804 establishes .Ludlow's line; not absolutely, but on condition that Virginia should assent to it; and that Virginia never did assent to it.
It has alsd been stated that in 1812, congress authorized the'president to appoint comtnissioners who should proceed in concert with such as might be appointed by Virginia,.to run a line which should constitute the.western boundary of the.Virginia military reserve. These comnissionrs did meet, and did cause a line to run from the source. of the Little Miami to the source of the Scioto. This is called Roberts's line.' The commissioners 'of Virginia did not assent to this line. Consequently it is of no operation.
The act of April the 1lth, 1818, declares that Ludlow's line shall *beconsidered and held as the .true western boundary of the"Virginia military reserve until otherwise directed by law. But from what time shall it beso considered and held ? The language of the law is entirely prospective. It is a principle which has always been held sacred in the United States, that laws by which human 4ction is to be regulated, look forwards, not b'ackwards; and are never to be cdnstrued retrospectively unless the language of the act shall render such construction indispensable. No words are found in the act of 1818 which render this odious construction indispensable. the language is that Ludlow's line shail be considered and held, that is, shall in future be considered and held as the

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'A'thur.]
true western boundary of that reserve. That this was the understanding of the legislature,'is rendered the tnore probable from the clause which relates to patents. It does not annul patents already issued, but declares 'that no patent shall be granted on any location and survey that has.been or. may be made west-of this line. Patents which have lieen granted, are not affected directly by the words of-this law, and must depend on the :pre-existiig act of congress..
The argument is, that this act declaring that Ludlow's line shall be considered and held as the westerly boundary line of the reserve until otherwise directed by law, proves that, according to"the true construction of the deed of c6ssion, this line is in reality the. true boundary, and therefore that all titles previously acquired to lands lying west of this line are invalid.
We cannot admit the correctness of this argument. That in the state of things which existed in 1812 and 1818, congress might establish the western boundary of the military reserve, so as to affect titles thereafter to be acquired, is not questioned. Congress might.fix a reasonable time within which titles 'should be'asserted, -and might annex conditions to. the extension of this time. But to look back to titles already acquired, to declare bya law What was the meaning. of the compact under which those titles were ac"quired,is to construe that compact and to adiudicate in the form of legislation. It would le the exercise of a judicial,.. not of a legislative power. This construction can never be admitted by the Court dnless it be rendered indispensable by the language of.the act- We do not think that the lane" guage of this act dQes require it. If the language of the statute does not require ihis construction, neither do the facts that Ludlow's line was run by order of the surveyor general, and that the land in controversy was sold by the regular-agents of government. These facts cannot we think carry back the. act of 1818 to-1804, -and give it a retrospective operation. We.do not inquire-into the power of congress to pass such an act. There is undoubtedly much force in the argumbrtt suggested at the-bar,'that the general power of legis-

436

,UPREME COURT.

[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
latio5, which congress could exercise over theterritory north west of the Ohio, passed to the new government when the
territory was erected into a state; and that congress retained only. the power of a proprietor with a capacity "to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the property." 'But it is unnecessary to pursue this inquiry, because we are of opinion that this construction is inadmis-
sible. The Court therefore did right in rejectiig this prayer. The third instruction asked 'by the defendant is in these
*ords; that according to the true intent and meaning of the act and deed of cession from Virginia to the United States, the land lying between the rivers Scioto and Little-Miami, is bounded, by a line extending from -the source or point'of land farthest removed from the mouths of these rivers, from -which the rain descending on the earth runs down into their respective channels, along the. tops of the ridges, dividing the waters of' the Scioto from the waters of the Great Miami, which empties into the Ohio below the'mouth.6f the Little Miami, as delineated on the diagram returned by the county surveyor for-the defendant in this case; -and as the plaintiff's patent covers land west or without the boundary of the 'district so:bounded as aforebaid, and is based on an -entry on a Virginia. continental land warrant, which entry
was made in the year 1810, and which said entry and patent cover land which had, pursuant to the acts of congress, been surveyed and sold to the defendant prior to the date of the plaintiff's said entry, the plaintiff's patent is void: and" their *verdict ought to be for the defendant.:
In the case of Doddridge vs' Thompson, 9 Wfaton, 469, this Court said that the -territory lying betWeen tWo rivers is the whole country from their sources to their mouths; and a straight line drawn from -the source of one river to the source of the other wasconsidered, in that case, as furnishing the western boundary of the lands lying betwedn them; One 6r both of the rivers may pursue such 'a course, that a -straight line from the source of one to the source of'the other may. cross one. or both of them. Such a case may form an exception to the universal applicatiod of the straight line,

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
and may go far in. .howing that no general rule can be laid down which will fit every possible case. But this obvious and reasonable rule has.been: adopted by congress as well as by this Court. The act of 1804 adopts the straight line. The adt of 18 12.obviously contemplates a straight line, and the act' of 1818 adopts Ludlow's line, from the source of the Little Miami to the Indian boundary line established At the treaty of Greenville,.-and the line run-by Roberts from the Indian .boundary to the source of the Scioto.
The counsel for the defendant in the state court abandoned the rule adopted by'congreis and by this Court, by taking for hi's commencement "that point of.land which is farthest removed from the mouths of the respective rivers, and from which the' rain descending on the earth runs down into their respective channels;" and to draw. a line from that point along the top of the ridges dividing the waters of the Scioto from the waters of the Great Miami.
We feel some difficulty in comprehending the principle which has suggested and can sustain this rule. Why should a line drawn along the top of the ridges which divide the waters of the Scioto from those of the Great Miami,-consti-. tute the true bouindary of the country lying between the Great and Little Miami '.Would such a line certainly lead t6 the source'of-the Scioto or to that, of the Little'Miami I *We can give no satisfactory answer to these inquiries. It is some objection too to this instruction, that the jury would be much and unnecessarily perplexed in finding the point of land farthest removed from the mouth of each river,, and from which the rain descending on the-earth runs down into their respective channels. If any point exists which would fit all parts' of the 'description, and could -be found by the jury,' it is by no means certain thiat such point 'would be in a line which would mark the boundary of the country between the two rivers.
The rule which the court was asked to lay down appears to us to be entirely arbitrary; and this prayer was properly rejected.
4. The fourth instruction has, been' abandoned by the' plaintiff in error.

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds vs: M'Arthur,]
5. The proposition on which the fifth prayer depends, isthat the sources of the two rivers must be at that point in their.respective channels at,which, from the union of several streams, sufficient -water flow.a at an'ordinary-stage ou which to navigate small vessels laden."
This rule-ior ascertaining the source of a river is entirely new in this country. A stream may acquire the name 'of a river which is not navigable in any part. A- river which is navigable, may retain that name above tie highest navigable point. The- meaning of words as commonly used must be changed before the source of a river can be confounded with its- highest navigable point.
The Court did not err in-rejectiug this prayer. 6. The proposition on which the sixth prayer depehds is, "that the sources. of-the two rivers must be considered as commencing at that point in their respective channels from which the water flows at all seasons of-the year." is this proposition so invariably true as to become a principle of law ..- We think it is not. A stream may-acquire the name of a river, in thechannel of which, at somesea,. sons of extreme drought, no water, flows. For a great -portion of. the year parts of a stream may flow-in great abundance,-in which, during a very dry seasoir, we may find only standing pools. , It would be against all, usage to say that the general source of the river was at that,- point in its channdl from whieh the water always flows. This prare" we.think oughtnotto have been granted.. 7. The seventh prayer" depends on the proposition, that the sources of-the two, rivers must-be, fixed at -thatpoint in ,their respective channels, farthest removed from their respective mouths, at which water is fonnd at all season8-of the'year. If the terms of- this proposition be taken according 'to their most obvious import,. it would -seein to vary from-the sixth only in this: that the sixth fixes the source of a river at the. point in- thechannel "from,which water flows at all seasons in the year ; while the seventh, fixes it at that point* which is farthest removed from-its mouth, at wliich water isfound at all seasons. Understanding it in- this sense, the

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
proposition, would not raise the qhestion, Which-of- several was-the main branch ;'but at what point the source of that main'branch was to be found.' The remarks made on the' sixth prayer would apply with equal propriety to this; and" the Court would come to the same conclusion, on both. 'But we understand fron The argument,. that the 8ounsel for the plaintiff in error, intended, by this.prayer, to furnish 'a rule by which the main branch might be designated. That rule is, that the branch in whose channel water might be found fur thest removed from the mouth of the river, iis its thiaii branch.
Is this proposition universally. true.. That branch. of a ·rive'r, which" is entitled to the appellation given to the main" river, is a conclusion of.fact tO be drawn from the ei'idence *in the cause. Consequently ho general rule can be laid down, which will, in all cases, guide us to.a correct concl,sion. OnV of the 'forks may have retained the name of the main river, in exclusion'of the others. The. Scioto andMiami are both Indian. names, and if any one 'branch of either had received from the n'atives,.and retained exclusively, the name given to the main river,' that would have been the -stream referred to in the 'reserve, coqtained in the 'deed of cession; although water might have been fouind in a dry season of the,year, inthe channel of some other, at a greater distaice from the mouth of the river ; or the white 'men, who explored the country before the deed of cession .was executed, may'have fixed the name on some one.of the' branches of the respective rivers.
When France ceded to Great Brithin all her pretensions to the country lying east of the Mississippi, " from its source to the river Iberville," no-man could have'been so extravagant as to assert, that the iource Qf the Mississippi .,as to be looked for through all its branches, and fixed at that point in the channel of either in which water might be found farthest removed frdm the mouth of the river.
The size of the rivers, and the notpriety 0o the' names by .which they were designated, place the umeasonableness of 'such a pretension in so .strong -point of viev, that we -can scarcely bring, ourselves to suppose that there is any-resem-

SUPREME COURT.
[Reynolds .s. M'Arthur.]
blance between the case put by way of illustration, and that under consideration. And yet, What is the real difference in principle q If one branch of a small river has by consent retained the name of the main river, in exclusion of the others, that branch must be considered, in the absence of other eiTcumstances, as the true boundary intedded by the parties, in a deed which calls for the stream by its name. The fact :may be less certain and less notorious; but, if it exists, it must be followed by the same consequences.
If neither branch had notoriously retained the name of the river, the, main brandh is entitled to it. But the main branch is not necessarily that inwhose channel water might be found at all seasons ofthe year, at the point farthest removed from its mouth. The largest volume of. water is certainly one indication of the. main stream, which does not necessarily accompany that which the counsel for the plaintiff in error'has selected as the sole .criterion by which it is -to be determined. The length-of the stream is another. It is. obvious, that two branches may pursue such a course that the source of the longest may be nearer the mouth of the river than that.of the' shortest.
We think the rule prposed in this prayer 'does not- fur-nilsh a certain guide to conduct us to the source -of the'river; and therefore the instruction ought not to have been given.
8. The eighth prayer requires the court to*instruct the jury, that the source of each river is at fhat point farthest removed from its mouth, frodi which the' rain runs down into. its channel. -
:We cannot perceive in the rule which this instruction proposes, any principle -which will' conduict usto.the soiirce of the main stream: Every objection to granting the seventh prayer', applies with equal force to this.- They need not be repeated.
.The court did.not err in rejecting it. The instructions to the jury, for which the plain.iiff applied - to tbe'state court, are-some of them mixed questions, involving fact with law, and requiring the court to decide the fact, ."Andthen-to declare the, law upon that-fact. Others-propose
a rule, as of universal application, to ascertain the main

JANUARY TERM 1829.

441

[Reynolds vs. M'Arthur.]
branch of,a river, and the source of that main branch, which would unquestionably, ii mafiycases, mislead us-: They propose one single circumstance) in exclusion of all Qt. ers, as being the infallible'evidence of a complex fact depend ig on a number of varying circumstances..
The court very properly refused'to give any of these instructions.
This Court is of opinion that there is no error inthe judg-. ment of thd state court, and tfiat it ought to be affirmed with costs.

VOL. I.-3 F

TANUARY TERM :1829.'

53

JA=S' FOSTER AND P.LEAsA:NTS -ELAx1 ,'PLAnifPIPFS IN ERROR V.
- DAVID N I N, DIFENDAXT IN ERROR.
By the treaty of St'Ildefonsa, made bn the Ist of October 1800, Spain ceded Louisiana to France; and'France,-by the treaty of Paris, signed the 30th of April 1803, c*led it to the United States. Under this tteaty the United States'. claimed the country between:the fiherville ana' the Perdido. 'Spain conteu'ded that her cession to France comprehended only ihat territory which at.the.tim;e of' the cession was denominated Louisiana, consisting of the 'islAnd of New Orleans, and -the country which had been originally ceded to her by France,
west of the Mississippi The land claimed by the plaintiffs in error, under a grant from the crown of.Spain,
made after the treaty of St Ildefonso, lies within the disputed territory ;and this case presents the qfiestion, to whom did the country between the. Ibervilla and Perdido belong after the treaty of St Ildefonso ? 'Had France and Spain agreed upon the boundiies of .the -retroceded terntoiy, before Louisiana Wvas acquired'by the United States; that agreement would undoubtedly bave'ascert.ned its limits. But the declarations of France, mad; after parting witttihe province, cannot be admitted as aonclusive. In ques-tions.f thi.s character, political considerations have'too much' influence over 'the conduct of nations, to' permit their-deilara'tiois ' 'o decide the course of an independent government, in a matter vitally. interesting to itielf. [30.63 In a controversy betweej two nations concerning national boundary, it is scarce-
S]y.pssibl6 that th6 c6urts of either should refuse to abide by the'mea~ures 'adopted by its own government. There being no common tribunal to decide between them, each determines'for itself on.its own rights; atd if they cannot adjust'their differences peaceably, the right remains with the strongest. The judiciary is not.that department of the governmeit, to which the assertioz of its interests against foreign powers is confid'd; 'arid its'duty cominIonly is to decide- upon individual rights, according td those principles which the political departments of'the nation ha~e established. If the course'of the natiom has'beeh a plain one, its.courts would hesitate to pronounce it erroneous. [307] However individual judges might construe the treaty of St lidefonso,'it is'the jrovince of the Court to conform its decisions to the will of the legislature, it
that-will has.been clearly expressed. [307] After the a-tsof sovereigor.power over the territory in dispute, which have been
exercised by the legislature and government of the United States, asserting the American construction of'tie treaty by which 'the. government claims it; to maitain thQ opposite-'6onstruction in its own courts would certainly be.an anomaly in the history and practice of nations. 'Ifthose departments which art 'entrusted with, the foreign intercourse of the nation, which .assert'and maintain -its interests against foreign.5owers, have unequivocally asserted its 'rights of dominion'ovei.a country of which itis in possession, and which it claimsundee a treaty; if the legislature has ;cted on the construction thils asserted; it is not in its own courts that this construction is 'to bi denied. [309] If a Spanish grantee had obtained possession of the land in dispute so as to be the defendant; would a court of the United States maintain his title under a'Spa-

254

SUPREME- COURT.-

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
nish grant, made'subspqueot to the cquisition of Louisiana, iingly on the pyinciple that the Spanish constructiQn of the treaty of StIldefonso was right, - and the American construction wrong? Such a decision would subvert ! ose principles which *govern-theielations botween the legislature and judicial de.
partments, and mark the limits of each, 1309], The sound constmritiofi of the 4th a~ticle ot the treaty between the United States
and Spain, of 2d February 1829, will not enable the Court to apply its provisions to the case7of-the plaintff. [314]
The artiele does not declare that all-the grants made by hiacatholic majesty before thb 24th ofJanuary 181,8, shall be valid to the'same extent as-if the-ceded territories had remained-under his dominion. It does.not say that those grants are hereby confirmed. Had such been its language, it would have acted di, .iedtly'on the subject, and would haverepealed those acts of cdngress which
were 'repugnant to it; -but its lafiggage is thatthose grants shall be ra'tified and confirmed to the persons in possession, &c.- By whom shall they be rati.fieeI and confirmed i This seems to be the language of contract; and if it Is, e ratification and confirmation vhich iare promised must be the act of the legisL lature. Uitil such'act shall be passed,.the Court is not at liberty to disregard the existing laws on the subject.. [314] A-treaty is in its nature a contract between two nations, not a'legislative act.. If' doe iot -generally effect of itself the object to'be accomplished, especially so ,far as-Its operation is infra-territorial, but.is darried into execution'by the .overeign power of the respectiveparties'to the instrument. [314]
In the United States a different princilile is dstablisbed. Our constitution de. clareia treaty to be the law of the'land. It is'consequently to be regarded in courts ofjustice as equivalent to an act of the legislature, whenever it operates
- of. itself without the aid of- any legislative provision. But when the'terms of the stipulation importa contract, when either of the parties engage to performa particular'act, the treaty addresses itself to the political, not the judicial departmbent ;, and the legislatture must execute the contract beford it cart become
a rule for the Court. [314]

IN eiror ti.te district coturt of the ea'stern district of
Louisiana. 'The plaintiffs in error filed their petition in 'the district court setting forth, that on the 2d of January' 1804, Jayfhe Joydra purchased of the Spanish government for a'valuable,
consideration, and was put in possession of a 'certaifi tract or parcel of land, situated in the district of Feliciana,.thirty miles to the east of the Mississippi, within the province of West Florida, containing forty thousand arpents, havin~g the marks and boundaries as' laid down in the origiqal plat of survey annexed to the deed of iale, made by Juan Ventura Morales then intendent of. the Spanish government, dated January 2d, 1804, which sale was ddly confirmed by the

JANUARY TERM 1829.

255

[Fost& & Elam vs. Neilsoni
king of Spdin, by his -resolves daied May 29,-1804, and February 20oth, 1805.
May -17, 1805, Jayme Joydra sold and conveyed six thou: sa 4 arpents,'part of the said forty thousand,'to one Joseph Maria'de:la Barba; and upon the same day, Joseph -Maria de la Barba sold and coneyed thtlee'thousahd hrpents, parcel of the six thousand so purchased .onthe-samd-day of Jayme 1Joydra; to-one Francoise Poinet, for the co nsiderati6n of $750. T:-ese-three thousand arpents ; situated in the district ofFe!iciana, about thirty miles east'of. the Missi ippi ; bounded on.-the -north by the -line of demarcation betweer. the -United' Stites -nd the, Spanish ierritory; on the: west by lands'of Manuel de Lanzos; on the east by the lands of the-saiaJ-.yme Joydra; and on the. soith -by the lands of 'the said Joseph Maria de ]a Baiba.
In June 1.8.11, Francoise Poinet, by'her attqrney,. Louis Leonard Poinet, sold to the petitioners, the sald three thOU-· sand arpenis, -for the sum of $3200.
The -petition then avers, that the -three thodsand: arpents of lands justly and legally'belong.to them;-and- that never-.-_ theless, David Neilson ihe defendant, a-resident of the parish of east Feliciana in the state'of Louisiana, had-taken possession of the same, and refuses to deliver-the same up. -
On the 23d of March 1826, the defendant in'the district "courtfifed exceptions to the petition-; and the questions be-
fore this Court arose out of the 'third exception, which was as follows:
That the petition d6es not show any right in the peti-.
tioners to -the land demanded, which they aver lies in-a district formerly called .Feliciana, -inthe province -of West Florida; and they claim under a grant made at New Orleans on.-the 2d 6f January']804,, and regularly confirmed by the' Span'ish.governmeht-: whereas, as defendant. pleads, all thdt.section of territory called Feliciaha wag,- long'before the alleged date of said grant, ceded by Spain to Frande, and by ·France to the United States ;.and the officer'making said grant had ,not then .and-there. any right so, to do, and the said grant is.wholly null and void. "
The judgment of the district court is founded on this ex-

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elain ids. Neilson.]
ception; and decides that the grant-under Whih 'the plaintiffs claim, was made by persons having no authority, at the tim' of the :grant, to grant lands within.th'e territory Within which the lands are situated ; and dismisses the petition.
On behalf of the petitioners; the plaintiffs below, it was conqtended -"
SI, ThatSpain possesed full right and title, at the period' of the date of the grant under which .they claim, to grant thb'lands in question.. * 2. That the title of the petitioners is guarantied and confiimed by the treaty between the l'nited States and Spain ,of February 22d, .1819.
The case was' argued. by Mr Coxe '-and Mr Webster for the plaintiffV in error; and by Mr: Jones for -the,defendant.
Mr Coxe, for plaintiffs in error. This'is.a 'petitory.action, ii the- nature. of in ejectment, brought l y the plaintiffs in error, to recover a tract of lan& in. the parish of east Feliciana -in the state of Louisiana. The territory within which this.property.lies, Ahay .be desigiiated in general terms as' included between the Mississippi ahd Iberville to the.west; the-Perdido to the east; and south of the thirty-first d~gree of horth' latitude. ·.No objection 'has been interposed to the regularity, in. point of form,.of thd original grant under.which plaintiffs claimed title, or of the me sne conveyances from the:original grantee tothem. No title has been exhibited by the-defendant ; but having acquired the possession, he has rested his defence ·on-the single ground ofdenyiflg the validity of the grant, which lies. at the foundation of the.eplaintiffs'.title; 'and this objec'tion is confined to the single point, that the authority. of the Spanish government, from which that grant emanated, had terminated within the diptrict of country, the botindaries of 'which have been indicated, anterior to the .date of-the grant iThe'grant bears date in the years 1804 and 1865, and it is contended that by the treaty of St Ildefonso betweeir Spain and France in"the .year .800, and the treaty*between

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
France and the United States, of April 30, 1803, the territory in question became vested in the -United States as a component part ".fLouisiana.
Whether. such be the"true "interpretation'-and effect of these treaties, is the first. question presented for eonsidexation. , It is a question which has for years been diplomati-' cally discussed'between the governments of-Spain and the Uhited States; and now comes before this Court to be finally settled judicially.
Much of the history 6f the early settlements of the ternitory in question, and the.grounds upon which the claims of England, France and Spain rested, were,presented and digcussed in the Cases of Hendersonvs. Poindexter, 12 Wheat. 530,.and Harcoutt's lessee vs. Gillard.
It may however be proper to ;remindl the Court, that in point of fact, it appears that the earliest actual settlement made by the French in this district, was made under D'Iberville, at Dauphin island in the year 1699; and that at that period, and'for some years. previous, the English had formed settlements between'the Mobile -and the 'Mississippi, 4 .7W.
.n.Rev. '16,:2.S. Anderson's History of Commerce, Vol. III. 195,fixesitat 1-698.- Oh the 30th ofJun'e 1677, Charles II. made his second grant "tothe earl of Clarendon-end others, w'hich included this territory. 1 L. U. S. 466. Land-Laws, 81..
The grant from Louis XIV. to Crouzat, bears -date September 14th, 71m2,thirty-five Years subsequent to the Englih patent.; and it sets forth that-the original possession was taken of the teiritoryin 1683, which is six years subsequent to-the English grant. -It may be remarked, however, that' the ppssession to which allusion is made, was nothing more than a transient and rapid passage down the Misissippi, -and vague as it was, in point of fact did not extend beyond the banks of the river.
This giant to Crouzat seems to have been generally considered as comprehending this debatable ground,, but aplarently without much reason, It distinctly limits the eastern extent by the lands of the English Carolina: and.not only the grant of the Carolina, but the actual settlements under it
VOL. II.-H2

sss

SUPREME COURT.

tFoster & Elani vs. Neilson.]
extended much o the westvwrd of the line to which Fiance subsequently claimed to extend the- eastern boundary of
Louisiana.' The irreconcileabie claims of England and France, in re-
ference to the.extent of their American possessidns, gave rise to many and bloody controversies, and particularly to
the war of 1756. Numerous discussions took place between the two crowns upon this subject, which it will be unneeessary to examine earlier than the war which terminated -in their adjustment and settlement; To the negotiations which preceded the treaty of 1763, which are stated in 3 Jenkineon, 1.174, it seems. that France prefeired her claizt as far as the Perdido; and th answer of the British -government to this claim' will be found" in its reply t the French ultimatum, September 1st, -1762;,sOc. 2. .3 Jenkinson, 148, It'was deemed utterly inadmissible, because it would comprise extensive cduntries and numerous'pationis of Indians, who have always been reputed to be Under the protection of the king.
This Court, in TJl6inson vs. M'Intosh, 8 Wheat. 581, has remarked, in'refiernce to the controversies between France and.Spain in relation 'to this same, district of coun'try, that "the contests between the cabinets of Versailles and Madrid respecting the territory on the northern 'coast of the gulf of Mexico were fierce and bloody, and continued until, the
stablishnient of a Bourbon on the throne of Spain, produced
such amicable dispositions in the two crowns, as to suspend or terminate them." And after'giving a summary of those which occurred bdtweeri France and .England, it is observed that "these conflicting claims produced a 1.6ng and bloody war, which ,terminated by the cofiquest of the whole country
east of the Mississippi." Pending that war, in which. Spain had been inducedato
take part with France, the celebrated treaty was concluded between these two powers, which is entitled to notice in the present investigation. It was styled "Pacto de Familia," or, "Parte de Famille;" and is usually known in England and the United States, under Che'appellation of the "Family

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elamvb. Neihon.]
Compact." It was signeddugust 15,1761 ; ratified byFrance August21, 176" and 'by Spain, dugust.25, 1761 (d).
The 4th article embraces the great. object of the treaty, "qui att aque ine couronne, attaque .l'autre .;".and the tth, carryipg. it out, into detail, provides that, "en conformit6 de .ce principe et de l'engagem'ent contraet6 en 7consequence, leur majest6s tres chretienne et catholique, sont convenues que lorsqu'ils s'agira de terminer par fa paix la gu'erre .qu'ils auront soutenue en comrnmun, elles compenseront les avan-tages que Pune des deux puissances pourroit avoir eus, aveo -les pertes que l'autre, auroit pu'faire; de mani~re que sur les conditions de la paix, ainsi que..sur les -operations de la guerre; les deux (nonarchies de France etsde-l'Espagne, dans toute.'6tendue de-leur.domination, seront regard6s et agiront si elles ne formoient qu'une seule et mgme puissance." This provision is -necessary, to enable us to comprehend with precision, the motives which. induced, "an4d the' construction which is to be given to subsequent acts.
The preliminary articles of the treaty of: peace, between GCrat Britain, France,. and Spain, were signed, November 3d, 1762. , On the same day, another treaty was executed between France and Spain, originating in, and designed to fulfil the stipulations of the 18th art.icle of the family, comn. pact. R6c.h," in:his Trait6s. de Paix(b), furnishes the following statementof it. '.La N"ouvelle Orleans,'-avec la 'Iouisiane, 8itu~e a l'ouest du juvc .isisippi, frt -ed6e aux Espagnols, pai une convention secrete entre -les deux cours de.Versailles et de Madrid,. sign6e le 3 de Novembre 1762, et qii n'a jamais et6 impr.imee.- Cette cession. avoit. pur motif de dedommager :'Espagne de la Floride, qu'elle abandonnoit i l'Angleterre par la trait6 des preliminaires de Pdris, sign . le mnrme. jQur.. Les. habitans Francois de la Louisiane n'eiirent .connoissance de cette cession que le 21 Avril 1764. Ils .addresserent a le sujet licao.ur de France les 'Plus vi .e§ reclamations, .qui'n'empecherefit pus les Es-"
(a) ICoUeccion de 2T'atados, 115. ".Marien'sRecucil des Traitis, Torn. I. p 3. S&Jen. 7o.
t b)Tom. III: p. 109.

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs.Neilson.]
pagnols de prendre possession de cette colonie le 18 .Aout 1769."
This cessibn then grew out of the piovisions of the preliminary, treaty of the same, date, and was designed to compensate. Spain for -the logs of Florida. It must be construed subordinately to that' general treaty, and cannot modify or control its provisions.
Keeping these .bonsiderations in view, we may proceed to examine the preliminary treaties of the same date, wh.ibh were finally consummated by the definitive treat, of February 10, 1763(a). The, first fourteen articles relate to France and Great Britain: the six succeeding to Great Britain, her ally. Portugal, and Spain. The-6tl article establishes the boundaries between the. English and French' possessions, in. the neighbourhood of the Mississippi, and so far- as is material to this case, in the following words: "-Thte confines between the dominions of Great Britain'and Spain, on the continent of North America, shall -be irrevocably fixed by a line drawn along the niddle of the riveit Mississippi, to its source, as far .aaslonthgethreivmeri.dIbdelervoilflethi;s- arinvdex,from thence, by a line drawA
and of the lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain to the sea;, and to this purpose the most christian king cedes in 'full right, and guarahties to his Britannic. majesty the river and port of M6bile,-and every thing which .hep-ossesses-on the left side of the 'river Mississippi; exceptthe town of New Orleans, and the island on which it is situated, which-shall remain to France." By the 19th article, "his. catholic majesty cedes and guaranties, in full right, to his Britannic mijesty, all that Spain possesses on the east or the south east of the river Mississippi.",
A reasonable interpretation of these two treaties seems to conciude this question. Each party had been, nearly from' the -commencement of the century, claiming an almost interminable extent of territory; their claims were bringing them -into.constarit collision with each other; these collisions had engendered the war which was about to be terminated. The parties had agreed, tliat their relative fights should be defini-
(a) Colleccion de 2Tratados, 145. 2 .Marten,17. 3 Jenkins, 166.-

JANUARY TERM 1829.

"261

.. [Fgeter &Elam vs. Neilson.]
tivelv and irrevocably adjusted, and natural boundaries-were agfbed upon, which it Was supposed would preclud6 all future difficulty.. England-had. been triumphant in- the conflict; she had attained the objects- for which she had.commenced-ana.had continued-hostilities. During the negotiations for peate,. she had avowed her determination. ' 3 Jenkins., 117.. -" The limits of Canada with regard to Louisiana shall 'be clearly apid'.firmly established, as well as those of Louisiana.and Virginia; :in such.m-anhier, that after the conclusion of'peace there may be no more difficulties-between the two nations with respect.to the corn truction of the limits with regard to Louisiana, whether with respect to Canada or the other possessions of England."- In.accomplishing this desig ) France relinquished the pretensions upon which .e had before insisted to bxtend the limits of Louisian. to -the: ,eastward of the Mississippi-; England yielded her empty and "valueless, claim,1tc carry the bounds of her Atlantic colonies to the -Pacific; and to close.'all ground for future.controversy,. .- Spain ceded her possessions; and Great Britain became the unquestiOned' proprietor of all the territ6ry lying to the east-
ward of the line .designated in the 6th article. France then, in~ceding-Louisiana- to Spain, ceded a coun-
.try, Which, with the exception of the- island -of Orle-an' J2ayo exclusively to the 'westward of the Mississippi; she cedei it : ,as LoIuisiana, and it is -accepted'as such. Both of-these'.. powers were estopped. by these solemn acts from contendirig that' Lbuisiana -embraced the, territory now- the s.ub.fect of'
consideratidn.
This treaty. has received the c6nsideration of this Cod'rt in - Harcourt vs. Gaillard, .12 Mheaton, :524. wher . it was-ob--
served, "the country'of Florida, south of the. 29tb'dgree -
was a conquest by'Great Britain; and north of-the 29th de- -
"gree, and up the Missisippi was held as a part of her own. territory, concerning -Which hei treaties with France 'and Spain only established-adisputedbounddry."
After England had thus acquired\the title to Florida, and-. had adjusted 'by solemn 'compact the disputes -as to boundary, sh'e. immediately erected these Acquisitions into two governments, and designated them- by the' Pa"es of East.

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam1 s" Neilson.]
and West-FlQrida;. the boundaries of which are indicated in the proclamation oflthe British king, in 1763. From that period until aftei the .United States acquired Louisiana, .this 'question was considered' as at rest. The territory ,to the eastward, of the D4issjssippi and the Iberville, the lakes Man-. repas and Pon tchartrain, were -uniformly recognised as East and West.Floria; that to the westward of the same line as Louisiana
During thepeace which yreceded.,our revolutionary war; no question, or-ground for questinoexisted. ,About the year1781,, Spain acquired by ponquesftpossession of.West Fla. 'rida, which she retained.*under -,that name, ,ntas.part -of Louisiana which .then belonged to her. but As.a.territory.which.she had acquired by cqnquest frdm England the laviful. proprietor, known only by the, appellation of West Florida. *This possession thus acqi.ired, was thus continued, jure bdliuntil the.terminatibnuof the war. By the 3d.4rticle of the 'preliininry. treaty -of peaqe, it was: stipulated fhat his Britannic majesty should cede East Florida, and his .Catholic .mijesty should retain West Florida, So. also by the ..5th 'article of. the .definite treaty of September .3d, 1783.. his Britannicmajestypedes, in absolute property, to his Catholic majesty, as well East as West Florida, guarantying them. No boundaries are rentioned,..The Floridasi known as.such by both parties'to the compact,-are ceded by~words-of e.-
press grant. It is n0tan adjustment. of disputed boundaiie9 but a-ces'sion of an .absblute ,andperfect right.
rThe tieaty of 1763, then, Which this Court has considered as merely fixinga disputed boundary, still continued in force. The '-war had .bot affected this, portion of its stipulations. ".Where ireaties conte'mplate a permanent arrangement of territbrial' and other national rights; it would, be. against., every.principle of. just interpretaiion, to 'hold them-extinguished by the event of war." Society, 4c..vs. New Haven, 8- Whedton, 494.
We may now briefly review some of;the leading acts of all the powers concerned in the. treaties of 1763 and 1783; to show that,-uniformly and without exception, such has been their understanding of these compacts..

JANUARY TERM' 18-29.
Foster & Elam vs;Netlson.]
1. France considered the cession made by her to Spain as comprehending the entire province of Louisiana. *The first public intimation of that ce.ssion is contained in the letter of the -French king to Monsieur L'Abbadie(a), dated April 21 st, 1764. It commences with these -words: "Mon-. sieur L'Abbadie ;-By a special act done at Fontainebleau, November 3d, 1762, of my own will and mere motion; havirr.
ceded to my very dear and best beloved cousin the king of Spain and to his successors in full prolierty, purely andsimply, and without-any-exceptions, the whole country known by the name of'Louisiana,-together with New Orleans and the island'on which the said city.is situatedi and by.another act done at.the Escuriali November .13th in the sane year, his catholic majesty having accepted the cession' of the said country ofLouisiana, and the city alnd island ofNew Orleans, &c." This 'contemporaneous exposition of both parties to the treaty, before any other interests or rights had intervened, is entitled.to grave consideration..
2.' So in' regard to Spain. '-She had previously, as had England, endeavoured to confine French 'Louisiana to tfe western shore of the river;ishe had accept6d a-cession of that territory as comprehending "the whole of Louisiana/' and from that period to the.presenthas always soesteemed it.-. After, she 6btaied -possessionof:her newly, acquirei territory, she continued to hold 'it under the same name_ y_ the same limits. When by the treaty of 1783, she acquirea the Floridas froriEngland; *itwas under a new-and distinct titlewholly independent of that by which she held Louisiana. ' The' treaty, designates it as East and ,West Florida. In all'the subsequent contro'versies between Spain and the* United-States the same- names, are preserved.-.. To -many purposes it was a distinct government from that of Louisiana, thoughi' both belbnged to the same monarch: it was sometimes a depedendy-upon Cuba(b); and when annexed; as'it a'pears occa, onalh; to have been. to the governrihent

(a) I Laws of United States, 442.

) and Laws, 46.

"

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elams. Neilson.]
of Louisiana, the executive magistrate was styled the governor of Louisiana and of West Florida.,
In the treaty of October 27, 1795, between Spain and the United States, the same distinction is recognised and 'retained. The 2d article thus .declares: "1the .southern boundary of the United States, which divides their territory from the Spanish 'olonies of East and West Florida, shall be designated by a 'line beginning on, the river Mississippi,. &Q". Art. 4th, " It is likewise agreed that the western boundary of. the .United States, which separates them from the Spanish colonj of Louisiana,-is in the middle of *the chaunel or bed of the -river Mississippi,- from the northern boundary of the said states to, the thirty first degree of latitude north of the equator." The 5th article is to the same purport.
Subsequently to the transfer of Louisiana to the United States, Spain has uniformly asserted the same principles; and has protested, in the most -decided terms, against the pritensions of the American -government, to extend'their purchase to the Perdido. Governor Folch's letter to governor Claiborne, dated Pensacola, May 1, 1804,'assumes' the ground which has been uniformly maintained throughout the diplomatic discussions of this. question.
-3. It is scarcely necessary to recapitulate the various acts of Great Britain, by -which-she manifested and maintained* "her right to restrict the limits of Louisiana to the western. sbore 'of the Mississippi. Long before the treaty of 1763, this had been a fruitful source of discord. between herself and France. The war of 1756 had grown out of the attempt by the latter to extend her two colonies of Canada and Louisiana(a). The grounds assumed by her in her subsequent negotiations, and the manner in which, she'succeeded in establishing them, have been already corsidered.
4. In this controversy, conducted -inan American tribunal, it may .well be deemed important to ascertain the views which have been taken and .acted upon by our own government: and the rosult of this inquiry vill show, that the
(a) I Marsh. Wash. 372. 383.

JANUARY-TERM 1829.

265

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
United States have been As distinct as any nation, in asserting the principles for which the plaintiffs in. error contend,.
As early as the year. 1779 theJmportance of this-question was perceived. In the instructions Then framed for Mr Jfay, to conduct the negotiations with Spain which were ehtrusted to his charge,, there is a distinct recognition of the Flo-' ridasi and an implied one of their dxtending to" the Mis~is- sippi(a). In the following year congress prepared a. statement of the clairh of the United. States to the western. country as'far as the river Mississippi(b), in which the subject is discussed, and the *pointsnow insisted upon strongly urged. The minister was instructed " to insist. upon the navigation of the Mississippi for the citizens df the United States, in common with the subjects of his catholic .majesty, as also on a free port or ports below the northern limit'of West Florida." Reference is made to the treatyof 1763, as having fixed the river Mississippi as the boundary be,twee'n the United States and the Spanish settlements; and it is strongly urged, that the United States are entitled to the. benefit of the cession made by Spain to Great 'Britain. ·In 1791; the secretary ofstate made a report-on the subjects of 6ontroversy between the two governments, in the course of which these matters are -again considered and pressed(c). "Our right to navigate the Mississippi, from its source to where our southern boundary strikes it, is not questioned. It is from that .point downwards only, that the exclusive navigation is claimed by Spain; that is to say, where she holds, the %countryon both sides, to wit, Louisiana on the west, and Florida on the east,' Again, "Florida was ceded by Spain, (by the treaty of 1763,) and its extent westwardly was fixed to the' lakes Pontchartrain and Maurepas'and the river Mississippi." "We had a common right of navigation in-the part of the river between Florida, the island 6f Orleans, and the western bank." "If we appeal to the law of nature and nations, as expressed by writers oi .the subject, it .is agreed by them, that were the river, where it.

(a) 2 Pitk. Bist. 511.

(b) 2 Pitk. Hist. 512.

(c) 1 Diplom. ofthe. United States, 236.

Vet,. II.-2 I

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
passes between Florida and Louisiana the-exclusive right of Spain," &c.
Reference has been already made to 'the provisions .ofthe treaty of 1795, as conclusive upon both governments; and it may be added, tnat in the negotiations which preceded that treaty, as well as in the measures of both natinns in carrying its stipulations into execution, by running the line agreed upon, West Florida, as belonging to Spain, is uniformly considered as extending to the' Mississippi, anid Louisiana as confined to the-western side of the line designated in .the treaty of 1763.
It thus appears, that from the earliest periods of colonial history, Great Britain. and Spain had insisted that Louisiana did-'not extend eastwardly beyond .the. Mississippi; that France findlly yielded her pretensions by the treaty ofil,63; and that from that period this question had been considered as settled and at rest, notonly by all .the parties to that compact, but especially by the United States.
The next important document to be examined ii the treaty of St Ildefonso, of October 1st, 1800, between Spain and France. One article of this treaty alone has been communicated to the public, and .that will be found recited in,the treaty between France and the United States, of April 30th, 1803(a),-tle first article of which' is in these words, "where-*asby the article the third-of the treaty concluded at St Itdefonso the 9th Vindemiare, an. 9, (1st October 106,) &c. -it was agreed as follows: 'his catholic majesty promises and engages on. his part to retrocede to -tile French Republic, &c. &c. the colony or province of Louisiana, with the spme extent it now has in- the hands of Spain, -and that it had wherf France 'possessed it, and such as it should be (t'elle qu'elle doit etre). aftbr the treaties subsequently entered into between Spain and other states.' And whereas in pursuance of the treaty and particularly of the third article the French Republic has an incontestable right to the domain and to the possession of the said territory'; the, first consul pf the French Republic desiring to give to the United
a) Land Laws, 42. 1 Laws U. States, 134.

JANUARY TERM 1829:.
tFoster & Elam vs. 'Neilson.]
States a strong proof of his friendship, doth hereby code to the.said United States in the name of the French Republic, forever and in full sovereignty the said territory, with -all its rights and appuitenances, as fully.and in the same- manner as they have been. acquired by the French Republic, in virtue of the above mentioned'treaty concluded with his catholic majesty."
It will not be pretended that this language .ifsree frbm ambiguity ; and the probability is, from an anecdote related ,by one of the negotiators Barb6 Marbois, in his recent work on the subject of Louisiana, that it iwas not accidental. It is now contended that this article reopens all the questions 'settled by-the tieaty of'1763, and acquiesced in by all parties from that period. -Louisiana- ;s no longer confined within the limits there prescribed, and Florida-ii to be re-: duced down to what France and England had before insisted was properly-included within that name.
It will be remarked -that France cedes to theUnited Staten what 'Spain had retroceded to her, upon the same conditions and subject to the same' stipulations which were cnntained in the treaty of St'Ildefobso. To that treaty reference must therefore be had to ascertain the extent of this cession. The term retrocede' would seem to limit it to what had. been before ceded; such is the natural and most obvious signification of the term. In this-sense it is used by this Court in Johnson vs. M'Intosh, 8 Wheaton, 584, where it is said, "France eeded Louisiana to Spain, and Spain has since retroceded the same country to France. At the time both of its cession and and retrocession, &c."
But it was the province of Louisiana: was it ceded as .France clained it-prior to 1763, with an extension of limits di6tated by political.ambition and future aspirations, rather than by.actual occupancy.; with vague and undefined boundaries, which had been contested by Spain in one quarter and by England throughout nearly' their whole extent, or with the boundaries solemnly and, deliberately settled and recognised by treaty, the concurrent act of.all the parties interested ' Was it that Louisiana which an 'ambitious me-l narch claimed to extend so far to the north .andeast as to be

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
intimately connected with the Canadas. and to confine, the English possessions between the ocean and the Alleghany; or such as it was admitted to be when these lofty preten*sions were abandoned, and its limits clearly and for-the first time defined 9'- Had the subsequent transfer to the United States never Jeen made, our interest and our policy would have dictated an answeir to these interrogatories, which
reason would have sanctioned, and which argument would have confirmed.. We never for a 'moment should' have yielded to a pretension which went to unsettle our western boundary and title throughout the whole extent of 'the Ohio anid Mississippi. But the whole character of the controversy "was changed by our acquiring a new interest; and wd, by virtue of the cession of Louisiana to us, claimed to the full extent of the wildest pretensions of France when in the plenitude ofher power; pretensiops obsolete, unwarranted, and long since formally surrendered.
But these several forms of specification are annexed to the terms of cession, and these specifications, it is' submitted, were introduced with a view to limit and restrict, not to extend the generality of the previous language. 1. With the.same extent 'that it now has in the hands of Spain. .2. And-that it had when France possessed it. .3. And 'such as it ought.tO be after the treaties subsequently entered -into. between Spain and' other countries. Such is the language of the treaty of St Ildefonso,'to which the.United States was no party.,
. 1. With the same extent that it now has in-the hands of Spain. We have seen that 'Spain from a very early period iJesisted the extension of -Louisiana to the eastward of the .Mississippi: that she was a party to -the treaty.of 1703, with England, then owning the' Fforidad, which in this country 'has beendudicially and diplomatically considered as fixing the limits of that colony. She had acquired possession of 'Louisiana, in 1769-of the whole country haying that aippeltation; but still, with -the-boundaries which had been settled. When she acquired the Floridas in 1783,.no change of limits was intrQduced. In her. treaty with the United States, in -1795, they are recognised by both parties as still subsisting.

.JANUARY TERM 1329.
[Foster & Elam us. Neilson.]
When then did Spain possess the territory in question, under the name of Louisiana!. Never. The first specification then fails our opponents; and these three clauses must be considered as cumulative and concurrent; all must be complied with.
2. Thatithadwhen France possessedit. What period is re-. ferred to ! Did it mean at the period when the enterprising La -Salle first descended the Mississippi, which the French considered the first possession; or when a few adventurers endeavoured to establish a settlement at Biloxi, which was speedily abandoned; or when her restless monarch, stretching his influence from the northern lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, was labouring to effectuate his gigantic project of attaining the ascendancy over the entire continent! O9'Was that period referred to, when compelled to surrender these lofty.pretensions, she compromised with her opponents, and fixed irrevocably the bounds of her. Armericaf dominions 9 Unquestionably, the latter.. Such were -the limits fixed by all the parties in interest, in 1762, 1763. It has been objected that France never did possess Louisiana to this limited extent; that she ceded it to Spain on the same day on which the preliminaries were signed, and consequently never had any title to the country with these defined boundaries. But the ces"sionto Spain was made by a secret treaty, which has never to this day been published to the world, and'which was fot known to be in existence until April 1764, nor carried .into execution by the trdnsfer of possession, until August '1769. From the autumn of 1762 until August 1769, a period of near seven years, France was in possession of Louisiana, with thes6 6.icertained and settled limits; and at no other period of time were the bounds either of her settlements or her claims defined, even by herself. To this period'then, this clduse of the treaty must have had reference,- and this construction, and this alone, will reconcile the different. clauses with each other; with what is reasonable, or what is honest.
3. Such as it ought to be efter,'the treaties subsequently entered into between Spain and other countries. It, may well be doubted whether this phrase has, or was intended to

SUPREME COURT.
iFos'ier & Elam vs. Neilson.]
have'any reference to the subject of.boundary. It may mote reasonably be indlerstood to look to those stipulations Which Spain had made with other nations, particularly with the United States; conceding to-us the free navigation of the Mississippi, and a right'of deposit at New Orleans.
If, however, it be considered 'as referring to the sUbject of boundary, what construction can it receive '. Subsequently to the possession of France, Spain had entered. into but two treaties which can in any manner affect the question : That of 1783, in which Great Britain ceded the Floridas to her, by virtue of which in her negotiationswith the United States she claimed to carry her' rights up the Mississippi, as far north as the mouth of the Yaroo ; but never urged, as the proprietor of Louisiana, any rights to the eastward of the Mississippi. The tieaty of 1795, already cited, was the second treaty which Spain had made, and that, as has been shown, expressly recognises the Mississippi as the cbmmon boundary of Louisiana and West Florida.
With these three clauses of de.scription, of limitation, not of efilargement, was this territory ceded to France ill 1800. Shohid do ubts still exist as to its extent, it is reasonable that we should be allowed to. remove thpm, by 'reference to the .contemporaneous acts of all parties. The treaty ofSt Ildefonso appears to have been signed on th Ist of October 1800. The diplomatic history of ;ur own government shows that the negotiations with France, which terminated by our acquisition of Louisiana, commericed ii January 303 .and that .the result was not known in the ceded country- ur' -a iate period in that year. The royal order from the kfrg 1drSpain for the :delivery to France, was issued at Barcelona, Octbbdr 15,'1802: It directs-the delivery 'to be made to general Vict6r or 0ther'officer :authorised by the French 'republic;
and he-is to be put in p6ssession of" the colony of Louisiana. and its dependencies, as also of the city and island of New Orleans, with the same extent that it now has, that it had in the hands of Fiance when she ceded it to my royal 'crown, and su6h' as it ought to be afte'r the treaties,-&c."'. On the 18th of May 1803, Don Manuel de Salcedo, the governor of the Drovinces of Louisiana and West Florida, and the Mar-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster . Elam Vs. Neilson.]
quis 4e Casa Calvo, who were the -commissioners to. deliver the possession to the French authorities; issuecd their proclamation announcing the fact of cession, and that the treaty was to be "execute- d in the same terms that France ceded it to his majesty, in virtue of which the limits on both shores of the river St Louis or Mississippi, shall remain as they. were irrevocably fixed by. the 7th article of the definitive treaty of peace, concluded -at Paris. on the 10th of Febriary 1763, according to which the settlements from the river Manchac or Iberville, to the line which separates the American territory from the dominions of the king, are io remain under the poWer-of Spain, and annexed to West Florida."
The final act of. delivery to the French commissioner, is dated November 30, 1803, and purports to transfer the possession ",of.Lauisiana and its depdndencies, as also of the city and -island of New Orleans, to the same extent which they now possess, and which they had in the hands of France when she ceded them to the crown of Spain."- -These three documents have recently -been submitted to congress in a communication from the president, and will shortly consti-
tute a part of the history of the nation. The two first;,which are very explicit, bear date.when it Iwas not supposed that this country would have- an interest in the subject. They may be regarded as the contemporaneous exposition by.-both France and Spain of the language of the treaty of cession. No other power deriving interests, under them, or either of
of them, can question the construction which they have agreed to place upon their own agreement.
But the United States did accept a delivery of this same country as a full and complete execution of the treaty with France, and recognized by the public act of their commis-. sioners, of December 20, 1803, th full performance-by Spain of the treaty of St Ildefonso, and by France of her engagemefits ,. .the treaty of the preceding April. Two separate conventions between the United -States and France were executed on the same day with the treaty of cession. The first of these (1 L. U.S. 140) stipulates for the payment of the consideration money for the purchase'of Louisiana. The second article of this convention, aid the third ofthe'second,

.272

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
make the payments to fall due after the possession of Lou*isiana shall be given. By making the payments, we acknowledged that France had fully complied vith the engagements to put us in possession.
The general principles of law may with propriety be referred to, as furnishing the b.est.and afest guides in the interpretation of public as well as private compacts. Both France and Spain have derived their jurisprudence from the civil code, and among all of themthis general rule will be found. "The obscurities and uncertainties of obligatory clauses, are to be interpreted in favour of the party who obliges himself: and the obligation must be restricted to the sense. which' lessens the obligation; for he who obliges him*self,,does it as little as he can, and if the other party is not satisfied, he is bound to require a clearer and fuller explanation of the meaning of the clause(a).
The conclusion then to which we are brcqught by all these different views of the subject is the same; and it is confidently submitted, that .by no fair interpretation of the language of the treaty of St Ildefonso, can it be understood to have conveyed to France any portion of what was known and occupied as West Florida; and that no portion of it.was ceded to the United States under the name of Louisiana.
'Should it appear, h~owever, that we have misapprehended the force of the arguments which have been presented, we claim the judgment of the Court dpon other grounds.
From the year 1804 .the United States claimed to give such a construction to.the two treaties that have been- considered, ad would pass the title to.the country east of the Mississippi as far as the Perdido. This claim was, however,
confined to diplomatic discussion; it was not made public, no notice of it was communicated tb the world, nor'was it manifested by any dvert act or proceeding. Until the year 1810 nothing was done to enforce, this claim. During this interval, while Spain continued -in-the full and entire exercise of her soveieign authority over this territory, unquestioned, so far as the world could kn6w, the grant,in question

(a) Domoat. Lib. I. tit. 1, See. 2, N. 15. 1 Pothieron Oblig. (En..Ed.) b2, 7thrule.

-JANUARY TERM' 1829.

1273

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilhon.J
was concluded; the title of the plaintiffs emanated. from this sov.reign, de facto. -In our recent controversy with Great Britain, in relation to the northl eastern b6undary, it appears to have been agreed by both parties to be a fdndamental principle of public law and of common justice, that the acts of a sovereign power over the territory which ithas, ceded, are lawful until possession has been transferred(a). This principle has been recognised by various acts of congress, -which admit the validity of grants made by France andSpain, both*in the lower and Upper Louisiana, upkto the day when. formal possession was: taken by -the American authorities. Upon this principle the 'validity of this title might be safely placed.: It-would be'the height of injustice, for the government of the United States to' annurall'grants made by the Spanish furidtionaries, -during the time, that Spain occupied the country, viriually by our permissi64 and under a claim of right.
In the year 1810, after Spain had become the scene of turbulence and revolution, and the reins of government over hercolonies had dropped from her hands, when various moements were made in the Floridas, which threatened danger and inconvenience to us; the President of the United States issued' a proclimation, by virtue of which this territory was occupied by the American troops. This proclamation, dated October .27, 1801, (5 Wait's' State Papers,) although it asserts the right of the United States to the territory in question, represents it as a subject of discussion and controversy between the two governments; places the act upon the ground of an amicable proceeding, rendered necessary hy the subversion of the Spanish. authority; and asserts, that in the 'hands of the United States it would still continue '"the s~bject of fair' and friendly negotiation and adjustment." It)did contin-e' the subject of much discussion, until all the'differenees between the two nations were terminated by the treaty of February22, 1819(b). By the second article of this treaty, his catholic majesty cedes to

(a) Mr Clay to Mr Viughan, 17th March 1828. (b) Land Laws, 53.
VOL. .1-2K .

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs.N eison.]
the United States, in full property and sovereignty, all the territories which belong to him, situated to the eastwvard of the Mississippi, known by the name of East and West Florida. By the 8th article, all the grants of lands made before the 24th January 1818, .by his catholic majesty, or by.his 'lawful authorities, in the said territories ceded by his majesty to the United'States, shall be ratified and confirmed 'to the persons in 'possession of the lands, to the same extent that the same -grants would be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty."
This is by its teims, so f~r as relates to these articles, a treaty of cession. The first article so purports to iie; the second purports to fix limits, but its provisions are expressly confined to the territories west of the Mississippi. The- preamble sets forth, that the two parties haye agreed "to settle and terminate all their differences and pretensions by a treaty."
One of the most interesting of these differences respected the country lying between the Mississippi and the Perdido. Each party had pretensions to it; those pretensions had been warmly urged; numerous private rights were dependent upon the decisioh 6f"them. All these matters were either settled by the treaty, or they still remain open. If settled, it is by the general terms of cession: they are- sufficiently cbmprehensive; they embrace " all the territories which belonged to the king of Spain eastWard of the Mississippi, known by the name of East and West Florida."
Had this territory continued under the pawer of Spain, had the United States not in 1810 occupied it by force of .arms, no room for controversy would have existed. Can
that act of occupation, preceded by the proclamation of Mr Madison, followed up by sinilar declarations, that it was not in' any manner designed to preclude discussion, but to leave the question of title for subsequent adjustment unaffected by this procedure; in any manner bhange the relative rights of the parties, or vary the construction to be given to the treaty of 1819 ?' Nor can our own municipal proceedings be resorted to, to aid in interpreL.ng the treaty. Spain is not to be affected by our legislative or executive acts;

JANUAR.Y TBRM 1829.

[Foster & Elam vs.Neilson.]

and if any thing of that kind is resorted to fbr the purpose of affecting the interests of her, or of her grantees, this government will stand condemned as guilty of a gross breach of good-faith, and of a positive fraud upon the other contracting party.
A reference to .the-correspondence between the parties to the negotiation, will show that such was not their design. On the 4th October 1818, Don Onis, the Spanish minister, communicated to 'Mr Adams, the American sedretary of state, his project for this -stipulation -in the treaty, and he
proposed to, cede, "in full* property and soverignty, ,the provinces of East and West FloridaL, with all their towns and forts, such as they were ceded by Great Britain in 1783, &c." The answer of Mr Adams to this coinmunication is
not published among the documents transmitted to congress 'on the 7th December 1818, but was afterwards made public. It will .befound to contain the following explicit language. "The uselessness of any stipula-ion on the subject of this first proposition is further demonstrated by the nature of the second,in which .you announee your authority to cede all the property and sovereignty possessed by Spain in and over the Floridas. The effect of this measure being necessarily to remove all causes of contention between the.contraciing parties with regard to the possession of those territories, and to every thing incidental to them; it would be worse than superfluous to stipulate for restoring them to Spain, in the' very treaty by which they are to be ceded in full sovereignty and possession to the United States." And in a subsequent part of the same communication, it is also sEid-in reference -to the stipulations of.a-former treaty; "whatever relates-in them to limits, or -tthe navigation of the Mississippi, has beenextingtiisled by the cession of Louisiana to France, and by her to the United Statesi with the exception of the line between the United States and.Florida,which will also be annulled by: the cession of Florida,-whichyou now pro:

pose.".

-

The project of the treaty delivered by Don Onis under

date of the, 9th Febr.uary 1819, and.the counter -project of

Mr Adams -n the 1'Sth~of! the same month, will be found in

276

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
the papers communicated by the. president -to congress on the 7th December 1819; and in p. 50 of the same documents will be found the remarks of M. d' Neuville, who was active in his efforts to bring the parties to a settlement. "It is agreed by. both par-ties that the article stipulating the cession of "the Floridas,. shall be so framed as to cover the honour of both parties, and prove that the treaty is an amicable convention, divested of all mental reservations, disguise or recrimination."
But the language of the treaty would seen-to preclude all possibility-of question. The cession'by the king of Spain of "all the territories which belonged to him, situated to the eastward of the Mississippii, known by the name of East and West Florida,'" by its terms embraced thie territory in question. That was known by both countries, and repeatedly called West Florida. Infact the'two Floridas ieceived their names by the same act which fixed their limits, the proclamation of 1763. In retaining those names the same. boundaries were preserved, and wedre never departed from. Spain is-equally precluded from gainsaying the wbrdi of cession, as the United States from questioning the. words of description. By adopting any limitation,. the treaty would not do what itpurported to do; all the -differences between the two nations -are not composed all the territory.known by the name of East and West Florida was not ceded; mental reservations must have been made;. disguises must have been assumed, and recriminations- must ensue.
If this then be the true exposition of the treaty; the language of the 8th article would seefii. conclusive upon the case. That provides that "all the grants of land made before the 24th of January 1818,'by -hiscatholic majesty or by his lawful authorities in the said territories, ceded by his majesty to the United States, shall be ratified and confirmed to -the persons in possession of the lands, to the same extent * that the same grants would. be valid if the territories had remained under the dominion of his catholic majesty." No distinction is made between that part of West Florida which we.occupied in 1810, and that which still continued under

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]'
the authority of Spain. All are put upon the same foot; all is ceded; and all grants throughout the whole are confirmed. In De la Croix vs. Chamberlain, 12 Wheat. 599i this Court remarked, "if the United States and Spain had settled this dispute by treaty, before the United' States"extinguished the claim of Spain to the Floridas, the boundary fixed by such treaty would have concluded all parties. But as that'was not done, ihe United States have never, so far as we can discover, distinguished between the concessions of land" made by the Spanish authorities within the disputed terri-tory while Spaip was in tfie actual possession of it, aid concessions 6f a similar character within the acknowledged limits."
It was strenuously insisted injhe court below, and we.are apprised that the same point will be again pressed, that the judicial tribunals of the United States are precluded from investigating. this question, and giving a different construction to these. treaties from that which-they have received from the executive and legislative departments. of the government. We apprehend that the question-before the Court is one of a purely legal kind. In a recent correspondence between the Spanish ministe'r and our own pxecutive upon the subject of these grants, the former was especially referred to these tribunals as alone competent to investigate *and decide upon the question of right. An American citizen has a right to demand protection from the courts -of his country against.the lawless acts of the executive, .and the. unconstitutional proceedings of the legislature.
In the decision of this question the plaintiffs invoke the aid of-treaties. They place their claim upon the'language. of treaties which the constitution has made the-law of the land, anal which cannot be annulled by the executive, or by the legislature. -
But have these departments of the government assumed ground, which will in case of a favourable decision involve them in controversy with the judiciary! We have endeavoured throughout the whole argument to show that in every step we have taken we are sustained by-the executive. We submit as conclusive upon the subject the executive con-

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
struction of the treaty of 1819, in relation to the grant made to Don Pedro de Vargas.. This'grant.included-all the land previously ungranted to the westward of the Perdido, '! comprehending all the waste lands which belong or may belong to Spain, ,and are in dispute 6r reclamation with the United States according to the tenor of treaties(a)." This wasone of the three large grants of which our government demandedi and obtained from Spain, an express act :nullifying and *avoiding them, as made in fraud of the 8th article of the treaty. Upon what principle was this done unless upon the. admission that the lands were grantable by Spain, and that if. the date. was anterior to the period prescribed in the treaty, the concession would be valid to pass the title.
In reference to the acts of congress, it may well be questioned, whether any mere municipal act of domestic legislation can be legitimately appealed to for, the purpose'of aiding in -the .interpretation of treaties: They were unknown to Spain; she was in no' manner bound by them; nor ought they to possess this effect. '"But it is by no means appareit that anysuch language was used, or any such intention entertai.ed'by congress. Nearly *all their legislation on the subject grew out of the act of occupation in 1810, and should be construed in subordination -to -the language of the. president's proclamation; -A eareffil examination of these acts will show acautious and guarded avoidance of this question.' The act of March 26th 1804(b); sect. 1, declares 1'that all that portion of country ceded by France to the United States under the' name of Louisiana, which lies south of the Mississippi territory, and of an east and west line to commence on the" Mississippi river at the"3d degree 'north latitude and to extend west to the western boundary of said cession, shall constitute a ter.ritory'of the United States under the name of the territory of Orleans." Sect. 12.. "The residue of the province of Louisiana shall be called the district of Louisiana."
'The act of February 20, 1811-provides in 'the first section, "That the inhabitants of all that part of the country or ter-
(a) Land Laws, 72. (b) 3 Laws U. States, 603.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elain vs. Neilson.]
ritory ceded under the name of Louisiana, &c. contained within the following limits ;" the fir-st lines are tQ. thewestward'of the Mississippi, which riveris reached at the 33d degree north latitude; "'thence down the said river to the river Iberville; and from thence along the middle of the said river and lakes Maurepas and Pontchartrain, to the Gulf of Mex-
ico." The act of April 8, 1812, for the. admission of the st(ate of
:Louisiana into 'the uni6n,-in its first section prescribes the snie limits.
The.act of April 14, 1812 is the" first which professes to legislate directly upon- this tract-of country, and in enlargingthe limitd of Louisiana.so as 'to embrace a portion of it, it styles it ", all. that tract Qf country comprehended'within the. followingbpunds," no long~r employing the phraseology-
:before applied to-the undisputed country; ",all that part of the ,territory or country ceded under the name of Louisiana."
The acts annexing- other -portions of this territory to Mississippi and to Alabama are equally guardedin their terms; ,noram I aware o0 f ahy one act of cqg.gryeass.,wrh.oich in precise. and positive language calls'this country a partof-that which. was ceded to us under the name- of Louisiana. -"
This great and interestiig question, wihich has'heret~fore been discussed diplomatically between the. representatives of the two nations, where interests .Were involved in it,-upongrounds -of policy and nation@al'interest, is'now, presented for decision as. a merely legai.fuestion. It has ceased to be a national controversy,- and hs assumed a shape 'peculiarly 'fitted for this tribunal.
The-ulfima.ratio legis is to be :the arbiter, instead of the ultima ratio xegum., No diepartment of the government can *take.ei.eption at a decision -in favour of-the plaintiffs, and it is confidently hoped, that if the treaties according to their fair. con structfon-(the'-:supreme laws of the land) by a-just' iilterpretation can sanction their title, it will here -find its confirmation.

,.Mr Jones, foithe appellees.

"

This case comes ap for decision- on the third'exception,

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs. Neison.]
tiken,by the respondent in the court below, which was sustained in that court, and the petition of the appellant there discussed..
That exception was as follows: "For that the petitioners do not set forth any right of recovery of the land demanded.by.them, for that they allege that the land demanded by them, lies in a district formerly called, Feliciana, within the late province of West Florida, and petitioners claim urider.a grant made by the Spanish governor of. land situated in said district, to the Verson under whom they allege that they derive title,, at New Orleans, on vie 2d of January 1804, and subsequently confirme4 by the Spanish government; whereas, all that section of country which was *formerly called Feliciana, was long before the alleged date of said grant, ceded by the government of Spain to the government of France, and by the government of France to the United States; and the.grant aforesaid is .null and void, and ,has no effect whatever, and the offiPeri making the same had not then and, there any right or authority so to do." The-point then for the decision of the Court is, whether the plaintiffs, by their petition and the documents annexed, e~hibit a prima facie right and title to the lands demanded by them ;or according to the specific objection made by the, defendant, had the Spanish governor of Louisiana any right on the 2d:of January 1804; at New Orleans, to make this grant to Jayme Jorda, of $40,000 arpents, or is it in any
way confirmed by, any laws of the United States or of the state of Louisiana '.
This question is to be solved by deciding what were the limits or boundaries ofthe territory, ceded by Spain to France in 1800, and by France to the United States in 1803, under the name of Louisiana.
The district of country within which the lands claimed are situated, did not form part of the territory erected into a state,'under the name of Loui~iana. This act passed February 18'I1. In April 1812, congress passed'an'act enlargifigthe limits of the state; and the parish of Feliciana, within whicl these/lands are, f6rms a part of this district.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

[Foster & Elam vs. Nellson.]

-This has more the appearance"of a question of fadt, than

of law.; but the parties have treated it as of the latter cfiar-

acter, as resting on facts of a public and notorious nature, of

which courts will take noticewithout proof. The divisions,.

districts and boundaries of -acountry are as much a matter

of la:w, as the existence of the government, and of the Court-

itself. Starkide's E. 'Palr1t. 410 to 428. Part II. 164.

The question raised seems moreover'to belong, rather to

politics than law; it rests upon the cdnstruction of a treaty';.

and of the- construction of a treaty; as a -general question,

the government -is the best judge; and where the govern-

ment has decided-upon a line-of-, construction,, there would

be-great embarrassment and ought to .exist.very. paramount

reasons, even with all'the power and control given. to "courts

under our very peculiarly organised federation, t'warrant

their departure from the construction given by the govern-

-ment.

-

*The defendant then insists,' and,it is the first line of de-

fence .which'he raises against the attaick of-the plaintiffs -,

1. That it has been long since. settled and established

by the- government of the United. States, that the territory in

question was ceded by Spain to France-in 1800, byFrance

to the United States in 1803; and that the courts of the

United States.are boind by this interpretation of that.treaty.

The act atithorising the President of the United' States to

take possession, or the. act erecting Loaiisiana into a terri-

tory, cannot of themselves,-and without the aid'of extrifisic

facts,, decide, the matter, because they no Where recognize

any specific limits of Louisiana: but'by what authority other

than the tzeaty.of 1803, and the constructio n conteided for

by the appellee, and adopted by 'he government, was Mo-

bile taken possession of in"1804, and erected into a sepakate

revenue district, immediately on the ratification of the treaty .

.Act of congress.of 4th Febrtiary 1804 sect. 11. ' Procla-

,mationof the President,27th October 1810.- $tatePaperr

Vol. V..

Again, when in 1812 congress annexed this very-territory to

- Louisiana, then already a state, could any thing more deci-,

sively mark and -ascertain'the clear construction and inter-

V&, II.-2.L

SUPREME COURT.'
[Poster & Exam vs. Neilson.
pretation of congress, that this district of *countrywas ceded by Spain -tdFrance in 1800, and by -fiiceto tfie United States in 1803-can the courts of the United States, after such conclusive evidence of the actg of the govenment, consider the-question as open, whether this territory was thus ceded or iot'.
From the acquisition of Louisiana in 1803, to the period of the conclusion of the treaty with Spain, by which Florida was ceded to the United States, there has been an uninterrupted.series.of legislative acts affecting the territory, which -the appellants say remained the property of Spain until the Florida treaty. Cited acts of congress 2d March 1805, 21st -April 1806,-3d March 1807, 3d March- 1811, 12th December 18111 25th April- 1812,-l 2th. and 18th April 1814, 3d March 1819, 11th May 1820, 8th May 1822, 27th February 1814.
All these various acts of congress clearly recognise the interpretation, that the territory in question was, ceded to the'Un ted States by the treaty of Paris in 1803; and the act of. 25th April $812 legislates on the subject of this identi·cal territory by desription,-viz. territory east of the island of Orleans, and west of the Perdido: and yet the positiqn taken by the plaintiffs in this case,- calls upon this Court to decide that this territory formed no part of the United States undl it was annexed to it by the treaty of Washington of 22d February 1819. -Hundreds if not thousands of certificates have been. issued by the, land commissioners to individuals under the acts of 1819, -1822, and 1825, conferring titles, as against the United States, to lands lying within this territory, and covered by grants similar to the plaintiff's. The plaintiffs demand that all this solemn- legislation, and all these judicial. proceedings,, are to be considered as so much usurpation on the part of the government of the United States on the rights of his Catholic majesty and 4is subjects. It will suvely require some very cogent arguments, and a very imperious necessity of duty, to induce this Court to decide in contradidtion to such a sevies of acts of the governmefit.' The states-of Alabama and Mississippi were

JANUARY TERM 1829.

e83

[Foster &-Elam-vs. Neilson.]

created in 1817, and--they also according to the dotrine,

contended for by the plaihtiffs, were made up of-large p6r-

tions of his catholic majesty's do-mini6ns ' for' such is the

direct consequence of maintaining that the terriibryeast

of the, island of Orleans -and-West Of the Perdido, was not

ceded to the United States by the treaty of 1803, but only

-by the treaty of 1819.' It is left to the Court to imagine the

consequences of such'a conclusion. -

The question involved in this case has been raised- and

decided in the state courts, viz. in Newcombe vs. Skipwith,

1 .Martin'sReports, 151.

-

-'

The ..geiiral -principle and' rule of decisiori, that Courts

follow the .6lnstruction put upon treaties by their govern-

ments, is- laid down in ,the United States' vs. Palmeri 3-

Wheat. 610; the Divina Pastora, 4 "Wheat' 52 ;Williams t.8,

Armroyd, 7 Cranc, 433,434; where this Court expressly 'de.

clares, that it follows the opinion of the golernrdent'on a

questi.n of political law. Indeed the' principle .istoo ob-

viously anecessary corollary of the cbnnection of courts. of

justice with. the government under which-they are establish-

ed, to requie -elaborate illustration.. Under, this. point of

view- it is conceived that this Court ii concluded from ent-

terthining any other opinion, than that- Which has already

been expressed-by'ihe government and all its cttizens,eexcept

those few whose.private interest indudes then; to'.iling to

an exploded fallacy.

2.It is now secondly urged, that the plaintiffs are :estop-

ped 1y their own petition, from alleging that the territory

'inquestibn was not ceded by the treaty of. 1803. In order

to give jurisdiction to the court,'they were Obliged to allege

that the parish in which the- immovable claimed by them

.lies, is-within the state of Louisiana, which is the jurisdic-

tional limit'of the court. If-within its jurisdictional limits,

how and when 'did 'it becgme s.!?- Fellclana was, as de-

fendAnt insists, made part of Lohisiana ini 1812; but if noL

ceded till 18'19,-no law or act has been passed since4 at

time, annexing it to, and constituting it part of the'state of

Louisiana; and the court below had not jurisdiction over the

284.

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster &Elant vs. Neilson.]
subject. The allegations of the plaintiff and his reasonings
are thus destructive of each other.
3. The defendant contends. that if the question is gone into, historical facts and the official acts of the French.and Spanish governments and a just interpretation of the freaties of 1800 and 1.803, establish conclusively, that the colony or
province of Louisiana was ceded to the United States, -ith an eitent which reached on its eastern boundary to the fiver Perdido, and included the district in which the- lands that plaintiffs claim is situated. The state paperg containing
the correspondence -of our ambassadors, Mr Pinkney and Mr Monroe, with the Spanish ministers, embrace nearly.all that
can be said upon the subject.. See State Papers, Vol. XII. p. 15*to 81, and 197 to 280. To reduce -the matters there stated to some order, and to add what has since trinspired.
is all thatwill be undertaken.. The object of any deduction
of facts on this subject, is to show that France at some time possbssed the territory in question under the. iiame of Louisiana; if this point ip established there is an end -of the controversy, for S-pan was bound by the treaty of St Ildefonso, made in 1800; to- restore to-France whatever territory was in her-possession, which France had at any time held under
the name of Louisiana. This is too obviously its meaning to require to be dilated upon. The words of that'treaty are: " "His catholic majesty promises'and engages on his part to retrocede to the French rhpublic, six months after the full and entire execution of the conditions and stipulations
herein relative to his royal highness the duke-of Parma;the colony or.province of Louisiana, with the same extent that
it now has in the hands of Spain, and that f-had when France possessed it, and such as it.should be after the treaties sub-
sequently entered into between Spain and other states." The Fren~h text is, "Sa majest6 catholique promet.jt s'eigage de son c&6 Ar6troc6der i la republique Fran~aise, six, mois api~s l'ex6cution pleine et entibre des conditions -et stipulations ci-dessus, relatives i s6n altesse royale le bDic de Parme, la colonie ou province de la Louisiane, alec la
m~me-6tqndue qu'elle a actuellement entre les mains de, l'Espagne, et qu'elle avait lorsque la France a posskdait, et

JANUARY TSRM 1829.

285

[Foster-& Elam vs. Xeilson.]
telle qu'elle doit etre, d'apr6s les tiait6s passes subs6quemment entre l'Espagne et d'autres etats.
It was ceded by France to the United States in the same terms.
Did-France then, at any time, ever -possess any territory as far or fartherito the,. east of the island of Orleans a§ thepresent parish of Feliciana, viz. the' territory-betweeh the river Mississippi and the eastern 'branch of Pearl river .
The discovery of .Louisiana by La-Salle-in. 1682; his unsuccessful attempt to form .a settlement tRio Colorado de Texas in 1665; the expedition and settlement of Iberville in 1699, at Dauphin Island and Biloxi, where he.'remained governor oor twenty-three, years', and -exhibited a' character for enterprize and perseverance, which has not ben sur-
passed; ate-clothed with the' character 'of histoical events; and this spot, far eastward of the present state, vas'the first to receive-the name of Louisiana. -it was twenty-three'years after the priod of the settlement of the French.at Dauphin Island and Bfiloxi, before 'the head juarters of the province were moved to the banks of the Mississippi. A&t the barren and inhospitable Biloxi, Iberville,. constrained'.by orders,.' maintained his government long-after his own judgment was convinced that the fertile'bank of the Mississippi 'was destined to be the site of an immense metropolis. These -*evehts, and the general settlement of the country, are mi' nutely detailed in a. recent publication, and the authorities from which they are takeni are referred'to. .flMartin's*Hi-. tory of Louisiana,.Vol, I. from page 122 to page 300, who cite's Charlevoix, Laharpe, Vdrgennes, Dupratz,-and 'the records of-the country.
That France always gave a limit to Louisiana' whlch em-
braced the territor 'in question,. may be 'further seen by tle grant to Crozat, made, in 1712, in which Crozat is appointed' .solely to carry'on trade,' -in all the lands possessed by us, and bounded by New Mexico and the lnds of the English .Carolina, all the establishments, ports, havens,, rivers, and :principally the-port and haven of the island of Dauphin, heretofore called Massacre; the river of St Louis, heretofore called Mississippi; from the edge of the sea,'as far as Illinois,

SUPREME -COURT.
[Foster & Elam tit. Neilson.]
together with the river of St Philip, heretofore called the MIssourys; and of St Jerome, heretofore called Ouabache; with all the- c6untries, territories, lakes, within land, and the rivers which fall directly and- indirectly into' that part of St Louis."
The manner in which France dispossessed herself of Lou'isiana infavour of Great Britain and Spain by the treaty of 1763, ceding the part of Louisiana east (to'the left) of the island of Orleans to Great Britain, and the island of Orleans and the part of Louisiana west of the Mississippi to Spain; 'the consolidatiop of the part of Louisiana thus acquired by Ehgland with other territory ceded-to her by Spain in 1763, which consolidation constituted the province of West Florida; and the subsequent acquisition by Spain of WestFlorida, thus embracing part of Louisiana, in 1783, are so fully and explicitly detailed in the correspondence of our ministers, contained in the state papers at the place cited, in the reasons given for the-judgment of the court, and in the extract from the treatise on American diplomacy, that it would only lead to repetition to anticipate them. For the same. reason the Court is referred to these-extracts for a critical analysis of. the language of the treaty, from which it will be -found that to consider the territory in question as ceded by Spain to France, and by France to. the United States is the only key to the peculiar and otherwise ioexplicabld phraseology of these treaties. That this peculiar phraseology applied'to ,the dimensions of the teritory to be ceded rather than to any other modifications it had undergone. by treaty, is clearly deduced from, the terms used. His catholic majesty retrocedes to France, "the zolony or. province of Louisiana with the same extent that it now hs in the lands of Spain, and that ithad when France p9ssessed it, and such as it should be after the treaties subsequently entered into between Spain and other §tates."
The words the same extefit are to be understood as applyjng to each member of the sentence, viz. with the' same-extent that' it now has. in the bands of Spain, and with the same extent that it had when France possessed it, and with such extent as it has or ought to have after the 'treaties sub-

JANUARY TERM 1829.

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]

sequently entered into between Spain and- other stafes; this

is obviously the meaning of this peculiar phraseology, and

it is confirmed by adverting to the. French text, where'the

word telle is placed in the feminine to accoid with 4tendue,

the last preceding substantive. From these premises, there

-can be no doubt that the learned, judge o'f the court of.-the

first 'instance is fully borne out and supported" in the con-

clusi-on that the country east- of the island of. Orleans, in-

cluding Mobile, &c. to -the rerdido, was from 1682 to .1763

in possession of France underlthe name of Louisiana; that

it was ceded and intended to be ceded to h~r again by Spain

in 180, and by France to the United States.in 1803. The

arguments' pro and con on this subject are wbll 'summed up

in a publication entitled,- Diplomacy of the United States,

From this work it appears, that during the negotiations

which ended in the peace of 17B3 at an, unsuspicious mo-

ment, Spain herself admitted that the country bordering on

the east side of the Mississip'pi, previous -tothe-wa of 1756,

belonged to France.

.·

This law lays down the principle, that where ere are

two purchasers. from. the same vendor, who-have .both paid

the price, -he who gets first into-pbssession is to b. main-

tained in the,title. -,T6.pr~pa're for the .applicition\of this

law, it- is- laid down,: that nations- are mere moral b.eings,

and that they are to be governeo in'all the contracts which

they enter into among them,, by the same rules by vhich

contracts of the same nature. are governed, 'when -entered'.

into between private persons. -

·It. is further assumed,. that the United States. are-a mere

purchaser from France; and plaintiffs' grantee, in like man-

ner, a purchaser fromSpain,. who was in the tctual aidministration of the country. It ig.next asserted, 'or -sought to

be. inferred, that plaintiffs" grantee-was put in actual "pbs.-

·sessidn- of his grant, before the. United States took. actual

possession, in. December 1803, and -therefor,. inder -the. .aforementioned, rule of law. 'has a, better · title"than the

United States, or any. persons deriving claini under them. -The sophistryQf cnmparing b. cession by treaty, between -

nations, to an ordinarybargain and -sale;. and, applying tme

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs. Nellsom]
rules of law as to. property among individuals to the transactions among nations, is almost too obvious to require re-
futation.
An act, erecting ,Louisiana into two territories, passed 26th March 1804.
The 14th section of that act.annuls all grants made within the ceded territory,, subsequent to the treaty of St Ilde-
fonso, except to actual settlers, &c.
*Nolaw of the United States has passed exempting grants such as that under which plaintiffis claim, from the nullity with which they are struck by this section of that law. For,
1. This grant violates the usual powers vested in a- governor, and the laws, usages and customs of the Spanish government on this subject, in granting so large. a quantity of land; and hence the,ratification of the king was sought and obtained, but at too late a period to confer a title.
2. No actual settlement is pretended or alleged. 3. The grant exceeds a league square. It is not a little singular for the good faith of these -large grants, that -they are all located precisely between the Mississippi and the Perdido, all hurried through with the-speed of lightning, compared'with the usual pace of Spanish authorities, -and made about the same period of time. That the payments are not in money but in certificates of credits, issued-by the ministerz-cffinance. , , That tfie grant itself expressly declares the land. to be within the province of Louisiana,- for the caption is, Luisiana, Distrito de Baton Rouge; that it is issued by Morales, while he. yef remained at New OrJeans. With. these concurring facts, it is n6t surprising that the governmentof the United States have refused to confirm eight or ten grants, which embrace 500,000 acres of land. After the liberal course of proceeding on the part of the United States, in relation to grants, up to the very period that possession was taken by her, after the long usurped retention of it by Spain, the Court, or any one else, can feel no commiseration either, for the original grantees, parties to such gross frauds, or for speeulating purchasers ofiloubtfil titles.-. Technicalities. sometimes serve as.handmaids to

JANUARY TERM 1829.

289

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
justice; they may also be wisely used to d6feat fraud; and the claim of the plaintiffs is of such a 'nature; and entitled to so little favour, that the Court would decide agairfst it, even if they were obliged to rest their decision on a rigid technicality. Even if it were necessary to resort to summum Jus to extinguish it, it would work nothing but summa justitid.- But this is not necessary. The plaintiffs' title vanishes on the application of the plainest principles'of law, and the most ordinary rules of decision.
To any'argument predicated on the ground,.:that Spain,. being in actual possession, had a right-to make grants, it may be answered"
1. That from the] st ofOctober 1800, tle country belonged ,to France, who transferred it to the United' sates in'1803, as she received it by cession from Sp .i If Frahce permitted it to be governed 'by Spanish atithorities, frim want of ability to take possession, or moffives of convenience,'the Spanish authorities could not g6 beyond mere acts of administration, viz. such as were necessary to maintain the bond of society; they were not at liberty to digpos'e of the public domain at their own will and .leasure; or to fill their coffers by its sale.. To 'this extent, alone, isgany succeeding go' vernment held'by the general "principles of political law, (independent of special conventions) to redognise the acts of thei.r predecessors, who have tted" the de fdidjo *ithout being the de jur'e government. The United States suc·ceeded to the rights of France, and France was not bound to recognise acts similar to these, done after the date of the acquisition.' It is not considered 'that the 3d article of the, treaty, which secures the protectiort and enjoyment of pro-' perty; is any limitation on the :firit'article'which trafisfers the' province as fully, and, iii the same mainer in which France' received it from' Spain. -But' even' lard' it been. justice and equity' to recogniseall ordinary acts of administration, 'still, every act which was in fraud ' of the real owner, he might disavow dnd refuse to ratify; fhes6 '4arge 'grants of land, so unusual, -and at viariance' with 'the' ordi-" nary Spanish regulations on this subject,' ai'y: too Strongty'
on their front their -haricdte, to entitle 'fhein to 'nftavodj r Voi. II.-2 M

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster.& Elam vs. Neilson.]

The government of thle United States has, as we have seen,

gone very far in recognising every species of title which had the presumption of fairne.ss,.that emanated from the Spanish

authorities,' prior to the taking. possession of the country, on the 20th of Decembe'r. 1803,. and even up to 1810; 'but

they have guarded their liherality from abuse, by imposing various' reasonable :conditions, within which the plaintiffs' claim does not come.,
Thp acquisition of the United, Stktes was. made in April 1803, and no step was taken. towards originating this title till. October 1803, long after, we, may fairly presume the knowledge of the transfer-was made public. The United

States 'had the. ight, and, theyhave exercised it, to refuse

to ratify every-such grant made after their title was acquired,

and afortioriafter-it was known ; and they have always refused to give any colour or shadow of legal right to claims

-of the magnitude of that under the wings of which plaintiffs seek to cover the. tract of land in dispute, conceiving them to have been. issued in fraud of.their rights of.sovereignty'.-

The circumstance therefore: of the Petition- and'order of

survey being,made anterior-to the -taking-possession by the United States, but posteriorto the cession and while Spain was in adtual possession ; cannot confer on the plaintiffs any

right, if the United States, as they have uniforumly done; refuse to ratify an incomplete title, which as sovereign they

may refuse to do.

'Z As to. all titles which emanate -from- the sovereign.

and are set-up, against -the sovereign himself,. it is the. go,

vernment alone which can ,through" its tribunals determine

. on such claims.

. ... ,, *

,

The United States have ,instituted tribunals to decide all claims to land,..of whose want of liberality in.confirming titles .there-has been, no complaint; except by ,afew individuals -whose claims are judged't, have originated in fraud of the rights of the United States.- The claim of the pliintiffs has been presented for record and confirmation; but it

has not been approved or confirmed-by-the commissioners,

or we should have heard such approval and confirmation alleged in.the petition. ,'The United States have given away

JANUAIY TERIM1829.

291 .

Eoster&Elam bs. Keilson.]
these very lands and by doing. so have not only manifeste; their liberality and wise policy, but conferred rights .afid created interests which,.from, the- extent and varietyof Ithepersons interested, ought 'noi now to be affected ; unless&indeed the strictly impartial scale of justice -preponderates. against'them, when ,indeed they must be'extinguished even -if the sword'of justice be necesiary-to enforce the decree. Of such cc result we -fave little apprehension,-sustainediis we .are by"such a mass of legislation and the substantial rules of political law.
The question submitted in ihis case was glanced at-. la Croix vs. Chamberlain, 12. Wheaton, 599. That cas-ewas' decided On' the 'technical ground, ,that an imperfect -title could not sustain an action of ejectment.- The-same o6jection might eiist'in this case, if the-acts of, tfhb'Spanish go-, vernor and king are 'considered- as without" authority ove'r the territory described after 1803. But the case is adverted to, ptincipally with- a view to an- opinion advanced,' as "we presume by the deciding judge; for it-is notanecessary reason for,-Orlpivot of the decision of the Court. ' -
The referencesto the acts :ofcongress, already givei,-show with what limitations the UnitedStates lhave confirmed title's Which' had their coihmencemenf.after-October 1600, viz, the date of thb treaty 6f St Ildf~nfso; that it is only 'grants limited-as to quantity, viz,.a' le'ague sqdiare,,and which were accompanied by 'settlement,, and. considered 'by ther commis?, sioriers to have commenced in' good faith,'which weie thus' confirmed.- As 'to 'any grants which originated after October 1800,' c6nfering -titles to land to- an extent excdeding. a league square, the 14th. section of the act of-1804 at once' annuls them, and.-no subsequent law:has.withdrawn, its Witheting effet, This-andthe subsequent-adts clearly.shw,j. that the 'United States'considered that the cession by Spain to Frtnce, pu 'an end-to the - power, of. Spanish officers,to make grants *f land; and this.-doubtless.was -the strict, law of the case. The possession of Spainafter, 1800,-was not.a possession -"s owner, .Her officqrs -could-thereforq'onl- do administrative and conservative acts-;- and not acts of ,purie sovereignty: It is-,respectfuJly i-insisted,. that_ the -United "

SUPREME COURT.
tFster & Elam s.-Neilson.]
States' drew.a'clar di.sti ctioi as to dates, permitting grats, prior to 1800, to rest on their proper legality'for validity'; but constiting themselves into- judges of all grants made subsequent to that period. They have confirmed all acts 'done- or granis made after.October 1800, up t6 1803; wherd,' from the miniuity or contracted dimensions, they carried-presumptie proof, that they were. made in the ordinary exercise of.sQvereignty, and f good faith; at least on the'part, of-the grantees. They have even carried this liberality in. favour of-such grants, -made prior to 1810, when the country. was actuhlly taken pos§e'ssion of. Joydra's patent comes within no one of the confirming acts.:
The. plaihtiffs must. either succeed *inestablishing that Louisfana was 'bounded on the east by tht Ibeiville and the lakes, or their grant'falls to th-e ground. When the-,plai ntiffs invoke the aid of the treaty of" 1819, it is hy assuming that the ground of dispute was not included -in Louisiana, under the cession'of 1803. We have,'as we '~prehenld, clearly refuted this pbsition. The treaty of.-1-819 hassubstance'enough for its application,'in the use -of the terms, 'West Florida, in the territory actually ceded, viz. the portion of'West Floridti, between the Perdido and the Apalachicola, to~render unnecessary the establishment of a prin ciple Which would stamp with usurpkti0n'and .injustice so .large a portion of'federal legislation, and annihilate the original legality of'the rights of thousands in the states of Alabama, 'Mississippi and Louisiana, - It 'is not'therefore on such a fitle as the one presented by pl.intiffsi predicated on a petition and order of survey for'
forty "thousand arpents 'ofland,made after the cession, which 'tokplace in April 1803, and of which the title vias fi'otcompleted till January and May 1804,and 1805, unaided bk any sanction of the government of the United States, and in the tery teeth of if4 laws ,that the plaintiffs can'reover.
In the'w6rds of the exception, the grant or patent whs made by persons who had.not at the time any authority to grant lands" within ihat district. 'The plaintiffs show no legal
tile to the lafids' claitried by them.' Subsequent acts of'congiees have established land 6ffices

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elam vs. Nelfson:3
in the territory of Florida,-westward of the-Perdido ibutthe disputed territory remains-part of the States of Misisppi, Alabama and Louisiana, under acts ofcongress whichxecog. -nise it as ceded by the treaty of.4803. There is certainly" manifested in tte pretensions of the plaintiffs .in setting up this title, a gratifying iistance of the latituate of igal discussion .perw.ttedunder our -free'institutions ;.but there"is something h6peless in the supposition that. courts of justicehmight by possibility entertain an opinion different from the one so early taken and so long persevered in bfte government,-nd by which no palpable contradiction or absurdity is maintained: the judiciary-muqt be considewd-as bound to follow, the twenty years interpretaion givend by their government to aotreaty made by them. Even under our very.peculiar form of government, it would be a singular instance of imperium ininmperio, if the judiciary and the governmentwere found deciding such a question in. different'wayp.
Mr Webster, for the appellants, in reply. The question for the decision of the Court is, whetherthe ·lands sued for by the petitioners are a part of the provinde of Louisiana, as- that province was ceded" by France to the" United States ; or are a -part-of West Florida, as that province was ceded by Spain to the United'States. If-a part of Louisiana; then the lands were public domain; ftnd now belonged to the United States or her grantees. If a part of Florida; then the grant under which the plakintiff derives title is good, and he is entitl.d to recover. Louisiana, as'the United States received it-from France, was bounded on the east,. either by the Iberville and the lakes, or by the Perdido; rfo other or intermediate boundary Zs set up. If the United States .obtained their *title from France, they have both soil and jurisdiction .;ifunder Sp'ain, they have the jurisdiction but not the soil.. What was the extent then' of the,grant from France to the - United States of.April b0th, 1803 . The g'ant was of the proyince of. Louisiana; "isttated no boundaris, nor limit , but-it referred to the title of France, that is,.to the ireaty of St Ildefonsb." The words of this treaty have been frequpintly.

SUPREME' COURT.,
[Foster & Elam vs. Nellson.]
repeated in the course of the -argument. That treaty then is to be looked at and considered.
That treaty retrocedes to the dolony or province of Louisiana; 1. With the same extent which -it-now has in the hands of Spain. .2' That it had when Ftance possessed it. 3. And such as it ought to be, after the treaties subsequently entered into between Spain and other states.
How then is this treaty to be construed q .1. In the first place we- must look ,at the condition and state of. the -country as-they then were. ,From November 1762, a period of-thirty-eight-years, Spain had owned Louisiana she badobeen in the actual possession of it from 1769, a period of thirty-one -years. During all this time, she had possessed it as bounded on the east'side by the lalies. From 753 .to 178 .,England had owned the territory on the left bank, under the ;appellation of Florida. For twenty years -England and Spain occupied respectively, each its own territory, with. boundaries settled by ireaty and wellrunderstood. In 1783 Spain. obtained, the territory, on the left bank from England, but she. obtained it as Florida. As -such it-was ceded to her, and as such she received it. From 1783 to 1800, seventeen years she'owned -bothbanks; butsheowned one as Louikna, and the other as Florida. -This, is perfectly clear as pmatfer of fact.; and the provinces were as well' known, and divided by lines as certain, as aret the provinces of Spain at home.
For forty years not one foot of land east of the Ibervilte had. been treated by her, as part of Louisiana. Her laws, her ordinances, her colonial governments, her ar'chives, her administfation,-all recognise the distinction between Lou isiaha and Florida.
This is the-great leading consideration; it is entirely unquestionable as matter of fact,. and quite, important in the argument.
Louisiana, then, -at that time Was as clearly -defined in its 6oundfiries, at least on the east,-as Estramadura or Anda- " lusia. All this -was known to -France.:- 1st, because it,was known to every body; -and 2d, because these were the limits with which France herselhad' ceded Louisiana. to-Spain.

JANUARY TERM, 1929.

295

[Foster &'Elam vs. Neilson.)
Under these circumstances, the treaty of St Ildefonso was made. - 1. It:cedes "the colony or.province of Louisiana."1- This of itself is -a sufficient description; -if nothing more' had been said; the rolony would have passed, .with .its, then known and established boundaries, its much so- aifit had. - been Castille or Arragon. - If it had'stopped herldwould there have been'any doubt.0 Certainly none. - This is yery inportant; because if the gtaht.thus far is clear, thbn it-is not 'to be, affected by any thixi; in itself'leis" clear; if all that follows, taken together, be ambiguous,.then it ought not to control-.the preceding, which is free from ambiguity. That would be worse than to illustrate the obscure by the obscure; it would, be to obscure .'t4-eclear- by' the obscure. Vattell, Book II. Ch. XVIL Ui0n the ihterpretation of ireaties, interprets the 6bscureq'o that it agrees with what'is clear and plain. Therefore-if'ill that follows, taken together, is doubtful,'it is all to be r6jected.
2; But properly considered, what. follows is not doubtful., There ,are.two ways in which these three 'modes -of description may be considered; and each will'lead to the sdme 'result. 1. Theymay be viewed as explanatory of each other, or.as synonymous phrases. This probably is the. true mode of, regarding, them. 2.- Or as qualifying.' and limiting each other. 1. It is -natural to- consider then as-synonymous., They are copulative; they are evidently used as 5yrronymous. Take the two first;:" Louisiana is to be ceded 6s Spain now holds it,.and as France held-it." Does not this form of expression imply that-the extent was te' sam& in both eases'. If-the extent was different, then both could not be true. Ydt both are. used, and the inference therefore.is, that they were'used ·as.synonymous. - If the ettent had been differenti then the language would haie. been t -a ."Spin-now hblds it, but as France held-it.
°Th'e fair import 6f-the expression is, 'that -they mnean the
'same'.thing; -or were intended to. express the same thing. Now if these expressions appear in any. degree inconsistent' with- themselyes, :what is: the rule" to be applied to them'?.

SUPREME COURT.

[Fosier S Elam vs. Neilson.]

Clearly, it is to find out, if -we can, one which is clear and certain; and make the rest conform to it. This is the rule oficommon sense. Now there is,one of these descriptions perfectly.clear, unambiguous, and free from doubt; and that is e ntitled to donirol all the rest' Becauseit corresponds ptecisely with-what 'ecedes in the treaty; because it is first, and leading in the order of -arrangement; ibecause in itself

it is perfectly distinct and. intelligible. There is no'doubt how the treaty would have stood. if it
had stopped there.

'The'doctrine contqnded for -on the other side, overrules thi plain exp'ressions'of this provision.- They contend Lou- isiana'shl1U iot have the same extent as in. the hands of

Spain; they control what is-clear, by what is-ddubtful.

- But it is further.evident, tlhat two of these claoses com-

pleteJiyagree, the: first and the last; "such ad. Spain now

holda ft," and' such as it ought to be after'the treaties made.

by herA' these are precisely the same thing-

·Then, if these expressions were used as mutually explana-

.tory, as different modes of expresidg the same thing; how

are twO of them which -are clear, and which do agree,' to bi

explaindit away by the third,- ihich is doubtful '.Thesetwo

are almost identical, "sdch as Spain, now holds it," and "such as itought to be'after the treaties made by hdr."

Then we come to what l6as :raiied the* doubt ;." or-. as-it

was when Fiancc pIossessed it." Now this expression may

be oubtfui, br might beif it stood alone, especially if it be

admitted that.France possessed Louisian a, long tiihe, and

that 'at different' periods,' it 'had itdiffereht extent inhet

-lVands.

·The object is tO'fix the period of her-possession, to which

'this refers.

-

-

Let' it be admitted; for the present, that it had adifferent
extent. at different periods. Was there *anyperiod When,

by acknowledgment, she held, it bounded east by the Mississippi 1 There certaifily wad;- viz. the momeht of its 'ac-

tqal dliveryto'France in 1169: Fbr-seven years, it had

n6 ther boundary. but .the Ibe~rville

-But it-is- enoug'to-siy she so p'sessed it, in 1762 and

JANUARY, TERM ,1829.

"(Foster &,Elam vs. Nedlon.]

1763; and.soceded it, when she held the, whole 'of Luisi-

ana.. It is then to that' moren'nt that these wbrds' are to refer; it then went into the possession of-France' to the .full extent now claimed by the petitiobera;- because in this -way.

the nrticle is reconciled in all its parts. But there-is a.stronger ground. It is quiteclear,-from the
treaty-itself, .that, it iefers to -the possession.f France, at. the moment after the cession. .T"he. third clause makes this

mainfest; "and such as it. ought to 'be, after the, irdatlies subsequently-made by Spain," &c.
Now here are treaties spoken of as made by Spain, sub-" sequenttoikisposseasion.ofFrance. Not treaties by France·and Spain, but treaties by Spain alone.. This necessarily.

fixes the jefiod to be that of the cession; fo:r before that time Spain could not.affect -Louisiana by treaties.f,*Does:the treaty mean after the treaties entered* into by -Spain, subsequent to Lasalle's voyage-in 1682 ;' or the pri mitive-possession of France !. * It is, therefore, confidently-aisserted, that it is not 'only. an admissible, but.the only admissible construction -of the clause,As "the time of possession by' France irferred. to in

the -treaty was.th-e :moment of ler cession. .But. there is anoiher mode of c'onsidering.these clauses;.and Xhat.-is not to.regkr4 thent as synonymous, .but as qualifying -and limit-

ing each- other;- and- this will leai the Court to the same result. .- Thus far the. subject- has been considered, as if there

ivere thre'clauses, or phrases'of description. .'---'But it issuggested that there are but two, the tw "first
ngf-ainctbt -one: The-farm of expression jutifies this. .onstruction; "-with the.,same,extent 'that it 'now has in

the hands of:Spain, and-that it had when France possessed it; andsqch -asit.ought to have been by subseqqenttreati,es."

TheI first"sentee -.states- the'same.-thing, and the' iast" qwliafmit.. The-meaning is,. take-the cQlony as, you hold ita)nd as I reqeive'iL fromyou, subject to anytreaties since -Tnae. by me.- .The punctuation- shows this, as-well as the

phrase, and-manner.of expression..

Ift,his.construction, which appearsto b the right-one,

VOL. IL.--2,N - -

-

--

-,

SUPREME COURT.-

-[foster & Elam us. Neilson.]
be.adopted, .the result will jbe the -same;-viz. that the time of possession reierred to, was the time -of the esion- to Spain.
But,we may go further and contend, that.-no reasonable argument can be found for 6airying back this possession to early hi.story,;. in'sho-t, that France never did possess West Flrd as part of Louisiana, -within the"meaning of words uted'asthese words are.,
She claiined it.indeed, but she never possessed it. She had a settlement h ere and there, with. an. undefined. claim. Shd claimed ii,-but no'-treaty acknowledged it, and it was always'disputed until 1763.', 12 Wheaton. 522.
Itwas cer.tainly ohe" object of that treaty to settle the

limits ,of Nova. Scotia:; and" the fair 6onstruction of -the

article is, that it fixes bouziddries; and that it purports to cede

territory,does ,not alter- the nature or intent of it. There

-were Words-of cession, -because- France had. a: settlement at

Dauphin Island. On the 3d of November 1762, by.priate "

trehty, Franice ,ceded Eouisiaria -toSpain-all Louisihna; and

by a ti'eaty-with England,"she ceded the country east of the

Mississippi4:t England. '-

--

At'ti6 time of thedefihitive treaty of 10t" Februar.7-.3'-

Spaini owned Louisidna urder the treaty of November pre-

ceding; ahdfi6ki -s6*cedes.Florida to-England, and -llhei

pbssessions eatof the Miflgsissippi." This was certainly a

designation of limits.

- flow did the "pais understand the treaty of 1763 7

TWh,e

letter to L'AbbididK;I c'6nsiddret

Laws- U.

S, '442,

shows

thatrt

that the- whofe "of L6iiiana' was the pro-

p.4ty-6fA§i'ain'; - and. theih,-7T63, it wais 'admitted that- the the wio1 'ot hoiuana Iay west of the- is~issip li';. and' in i.'763, patci '/dc'i g th~Ift -bank- of the river from Eng-

land,; r'eiv' *ed tfrs".F4oiAdd. It'n"ay 16e biphaticall, fnquited whethr -it'is' re6ondilable to sodi d'· principles, l'2o- back

to tie'-ti'meg-of t'fiertaln' ind'dofitentious claims,'ortb the

tirief I6944nd # kno wedged'rights. 'A'contemporaneous

e~ifositto Af th6"treaty' of 9t Ifdfohso is -obtained fromtihe,

acts 'f the parties to that -6tety: .Whei' d'h th 30th No'

0 rd

aance,

she de-'

lWered nothing on the eastern side of the river.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

299

IEFoster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
.The history of the iitle of the United States to Lotisiana .will illustrate and confirm th views which'.have been exhi-
bited in this investigation.
In' 1795 .the United States made .their treaty with France. Difficulties soonafter arose on the subject ofthe 'navigation of the Mississippi, and the peae of the two- countries was in danger from these difficulties. In'1801 or 1802, we hard of the transfer of Louisiana toFrance, and we.were alarhied at the prospect of the armies of a powerful and..suec essful
nationlanding in.out, neighbourhood.
Before it was known that France had become the bwier of Louisiana, we 'were.anxious to obtain- Florida:; but" as soon as this;became known every effort was'directed to, purchase- Louisiana from France, "osro much of'it. as would secure to the flourishing and enterpri.sing western popula.tion of our c6untry, the free use of~th magnificent rive'r Mississippi,-their rightby ll the laws of nature. The treaty of April IS03 gave, the whole of -Louisiana- to the-United States ; that treaty reciting'the' treaty of San,Lorenzo. ,,
Howdid we receive the acq'ife.d territory . Did we, then suppose we had obtained any thing east of the Mississippi
When Claiborne and Wilkinson'took possession -they,received Louisihna, extending" only, as 'asserted by the .,appellants; and they asked for,no more.'

Mr Chief Justice MARsHALL. delivered the opinioh 6ffthe

.This suit was brought by the .plaintiffs in error,'iithe court of the United'Stt'es, for- the eastern distric't of L6uisiiana, to recover a tract of land lying in th-,t. di'strict, about thirty miles-east of the Mississippi,. and- in the posses.ion6f the-.defendant. The plaintiffs 6laimed under a- grant 'fo'r 40,000 arpents of land, made by the Spanish go'vern6r, on the 24 of January 1804,ito Jayme Joydta and ratified by the kingOf.Spain ,on, the,29th'of May 1804. 'The petition a"id order-of survey are dated-in.Septdmbe'- 1803, andt the reu'trin of the' survey itself-was,m'ade -on- th 2'7th '6" Octbe ini'th .ame year. '-The defendant 'ex'di6ted to the petition of' th& plaintiffs, alleging thit itv oes 'not howl, a 'title Whiph

Soo

SUPREME COURT

[Foster & Ela vs. Neilson.]

they can.recover ;,that the territpry, within which the. land claimed is situated, had been ceded,, before the grant, to France, and by France to the United States; and -that the grant is void, being made by. persons 'who had no' authority to make it. The court sustained. the exception, and dismissed the petition. ' The cause is brought beforb this Court by a, writ of error.
The case presents this very intricate, and at one time

very-interesting question: To whom did the. country between the Iberville and the .Perdid6 -rightfully belong,-when the title.now 4.serted by the plaiitiffs was acquired ?
This question has been repeatedly discussed with great talent-and research, by the governmert of the United States and .that of Spain. The, United. Statas have perseveringly and earnesily insisted, 'that. b ' the treaty of St Ildefonso, made on, the 1st of October in the year 1800, Spain ceded the disputed territory as part of Louisiana to France; and ,that France, by the treaty of Paris, signed, on the 30th of April 1803, and ratified ori the 21st of October in the same year, ceded it to the United States. - Spain has with equal perseverance and earnestness *maintained,-that her cession to France comprehended ' that territory only which was at that time denominated Louisiana, consisting of the-island of New Orleans, and the country she received from France west .of the Mississippi.
Without tracing the title of France to its origin,.we'may state with confidence that at the commencement of the war "of 1756, she was. the undisputed, possessor of the province of Louisiana, lying on both sides th- Missigsippi, and extend: ing eastward beyond the bay of Mobile. ' Spain was at the same time. in-p6ssession of Florida; and it is understood that the river -Perdido separated the two provinces from each

other.

"

- Such was the state of lossession and, title at the ireaty of

Paris, concluded between Great Britain, France, 'and Spain, on the, i0th day of February'1763.. By that treaty France

ceded to Great Britain tho river and port of the'Mobile, and all her, possessions on the left side, of the: river Mississippi, except the .town of New Orleans and the island on which it

JANUARY TERI& 1829.
[Foster &.Elam ts. Neilson.] -
is situated : and by the same"treaty 'Spain ceded.Florida to GreatBritain. The residue of Louisianawas ceded by France to. Spain, in a.sepaiat6 and secret treaty between those two powers. The king*. of Great Britain being thus the 'ckno-ledged-sovereign of the whole country east of'the'-Mississip-. pi, except the island of New Oileansidivided his late "acqisition in, the. south into two provinces, East'and West Florida. The latter'comprehended-so much of thd ctntry ceded by France as lay south of the 31st degree .f north 1ktitude, and a part pf-that ceded by -Spain.
-By the treaty of. peace between C--reat Britain and Spain,
signed at -Versailles on the.3d -of September 1783,.treat Britain ceded East and West Florida to' Spain: and .'ihos provinces continued to be-known and governed by tho~e names,.as -long as they remained in the possession and -undar, the dominion of his catholic'majesty.
'.Or;. the 1st df October in. the. year1800,i a seciet. treaty was epncluded between France:.'and Spain :at St Ildefcnsd, the third article of which is-.in these words: = ".H catholie' majesty promises and engages on his' part to ,retrodede -to the Fre.nch 'republic,-sii mohths"after the full and' enure execution :6f Ihe conditions and stipulations relative ;to his royal highness the duke of Pdrma, the colony or provine6bf Louisianai with the same extent that it now has in'the haride of Spain, and that it had when France possessed it, and siih
as it-:shu ld be. after the treaties subsequenitly entered'into between Spain and th6 other statds." ' The. treaty -ofthe B0th of'April 1803, by which the.:United States acquired Louisiana, after reciting .this article, proceeds to state, that "the- first consul of the French republic doth' hereby cede to the. United States, in the name of' the' French republic, forever and. in full sovereignty, the said territory with' all its -rights and' appurtenances as fully and in the same manneias they hWve been acquired by theFrencl'" republic, in virtue -of-thd above mentioned treaty concludeti with his catholic majesty."' The- 4th article stipulates that '; thefe shall be sent by.the g6vernment of France a cbommissary to Louisiana, to the end that he do every act fecesAaiy, as well to- receive from 'tie officers' of his catholic

302

SUPREME ,COURT.

[Foster & Elam vs. Neliron-]
majestythe said country, and its dependencies, in 'th~ename of-the French republic, if -it has not been already done, as ,t6 transmit it in the name of the- French republic to the
commissarv or agent of the United States." On the.30th o November. 1803. Peter-Clement.Laussatt,
colonial prefctand- ommissionex'of the' French :republic; authorisd, by full powers dated,'the 6th of June 1803, toieceive the surrexider of theprovince -of Louisiana, presented
.seppwers to-Don,Manudl Salcedo. governor of Louisiana and West Florida, and to the marquis de Casa Calvo, com. missioners on: the part of- Spain, together With full powers to them from his catholic majesty to make the surrender. .These-full powers were dated at Barcelona the 15th of Oc-taber.1802. 'The act of surrender declares that in virtue of -these full powers, the Spanish 6ommissioners, Don ManuelSalcedo and the, marquis -de. Casa, Calvo, "put -from this moment the aid French commissioner, the citizen Laussatt, in posses'ion of the co'ony Of Louisiana and of its depexi- dencies, as also of the town and island of New Orleans, in -the s am 'extent which-they now have, and-vhich' they had 'in the hands of France vhn she ceded them to the royal-
crown- of Sphin, and such as they should be after the treaties -subseq'udntly 'entered into between the states of his cath6lti rfiajesty and those of other powers."
The following is -an extract from, the.order of the king of .
Spain referred to. bi the commissioners-'in the- act of, delivery.- "Don Carlos, by the grace of God, &c." "Deeming it convenient, to retrocede to the French republic the colony. and, province of-Louisiana, I order you, as soon 'as .the present order shall be presented to you by general Victor or other officer duly authorisedby ihe French iepublic, to take charge of said delivery; you will -put him in possession of the colony of Louisiana and .ts dependencies,as also. ofthe-city and. island of New'Orleans,,with the same exteni that it now has, that it. had in the -hands of F'ance when she ceded jttq'my royal crown, and such as-it ought to be after' the treaties 'which have successivelytaken place" betweep py states ahd those of.other powers."
- Previous' to the arrivaof the .French Zommissioner, the

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elanm vi. Neftsoh.]
governor of jhe provinces -of .Louisiana and West Florida, and' the marquis de Casa Calvo, had issued their proclimatiop, dated'the 18th bf May 1803; in which they-say, "his majesty having-before his eyes the obligdtions.imposed by tde treaties, and desirous of av6idiig any disputes that might. airisei has deigned to resolve that the delivery of the colony and island of,-WNw Orleans,.which-is to be made to the general of division Victor, or such-other officer as may be -legally aufhorised by'the government of the French republib, shall he executed on the, samreterms that Frarice ceded it to his. majesty; in virtue of which, the limits of both 'shores of ihe river. St 'Louis. or' Mississippi, shall remain as they were irrevocab.ly fixed.- by the 7h article, of the defini'tivetreaty; of.-peace; concluded at Paris the'10th of-February 1'763; according.tao which the settlenients from the 'river Manshac orIberville,.to the line which separates the American territory fror the dominions of the king, remain in. possession of Spain and' afinexed ibWest Florida."
On the 21st of' October 180S, congress passed. an act to enable t6 president to take possessibn ofthe tefritory cededby France to the Unit-d States:: in putsuance of which-c ihmissioners were appointed, to whom Monsieur taussatt, the commissinfier ofTihe'Frehch republic, surrendered New.[Orleans and the province of Louisiana on the'2thof"December 1803. The surrender was made'in general terms; but no actual possession was taken of the teritory lying-east of Newr Orleans.. The government of the United States, hlow 7 ever, soon. manifested the'- opinion that the whole country originally held by'Frdnce, and belonging toSpain wh'en tie treaty of St'IlIe'fonso- was conchidedi was by that treaty'ri-' troceded -w France.
On the 24th of February 1804, congress passed an act for laying and collectin~g duties wiithin the ceded territories, which authorised the president, whenever he shouId'deemit expedient, toerect -the shores, &c. of the bay and river' Mobile, and of the'other iivers , creeks, &c. emptying in'to. the gulph of Mexico east of the said river -Mobile, and west thereof to'the Pascagoula inclusive, into a-separate district, and to establiih a.-port of entry and- delivery therein. The-

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster & Elam vs.Neilson.]
port established in pursuance Of thisact was at fort Stoddert, ·within'. the acknowledged jurisdiction of the United States; and this circumstance appears.to have been offered as a sufficient answer to the subsequent rembnstrances of Spain against.the measuie. It must be considered, not as acting on the territory, but as ifidicating -the American exposition of the.treaty, and -exhibiting the claim its government intended to,assert
.Inthe same 'session, on the 26th of March 1804i congress passed an act erecting Louisiana into two territories. This act declares that the country Ceded by France to the United States south of the Mississippi teiritory, and south of an east and "westline, to commence on the Mississippi' river at the 33d, degree of north -latitude and run west to the western %boundaryof the cossion, shall constitute a territory under the name of the territory of Orleans. 'Now the Mississippiterritory extended to the 31st. degree of north latitude, and the couitr' south of that tqrritbry was necessarily the country which Spain held a5 West Florida; but still its constitifting a pait of the territoryQf Orleans depends on the fact that it was a part of the country ceded by France to the Unitod States., No practical application of the laws ofithe United States to this part of the .territory was atiempted, nor could be made, while the country remained inthe actual possession of a fqreign power.
The 14th section enacts "that all grants for lands within.
the territories ceded by the Fiench republic to the United States by the treaty of the 30th of, April"180, the title whereof was at the date-of thq treaty of St Ildeibonso in the. crown, government, or nation of Spain, and ever.y act and proceeding subsequent ihereto of whatsoever nature towardsthe obtaining any grant, title or claim to such lands, nnd under whatsQever authority transacted or pretended, be, and the same are hereby declared to, bei and to have been. from the beginning, null, void, and of no effect in law or equity. ' A proviso excepts the titles of actual settlers acquired before the 20th of December 1803, from the operation of this sec tion. It 'was obviously intended. to. act on all grants made by Spain. after her -retrocession of Louisiana to France, and

JANUARY TERM 1829.

EFoster & Elam'vs. Neilson.]

without deciding on the extent of that retrocession, to put. the titles:which might. be thus'aequired througfi't.he .'-hole territory, whatever might be its extent, completely uno_. the control 6f the American government;
'The president was:a'uthorised' to appoint registers or-recorders ,of lands *acquired Under the Spanish and Frenchgovernmentsi and boards of commissioners -who should receive all claims to lands, and hear and dptermine in a'surnmulry way all matters respecting such claims. Their proceedings were to be reported to the secretary of the.treasury, to be laid before congress for the final decision of that body. ' Previous to th'e-acquisitioi of Louisiana, the ministers of ihe United States had been instructed to endeavour to obtain the Floridas from. Spain.: After that acquisition, this object was still pursued, aiid'the friendly aid of the Wench. government towards its'attainment was requested. On the suggestion of Mr Talleyrand that the time was unfavourable,.

the design was suspended. The government of the United

States however soon resumed its purpose; and the settle-

ment of the boundaries of Louisiana was blended with the

purchase of the Floridas, and the adjustmeilt of heavy claims

made by the United States for American property, con-

denined in the lorts-of Spain during the var which was

terminated -by the treaty, of Amiens.

.

On his way to Madrid, Mr-Monroe, who was empowered

in conjunction with Mr Pinckney,. the American minister at

·the court of his catholic majesty, -to conduct the negotia-

tion, -passed ,through Paris ; and addressed" a letter to the.

minister of exterior relations, in which he detailed the ob-

jects of his mission, and his views respec.ting the boundaries.

of L6uisiana. In his answer to this lettet, dated the 21st of

December 1904,- Mr Talleyrand declared, in decided'terms, that by the treaty of St Ildefoinso, Spain retroceded toFrance nb part of the territory east of the Iberville which had been held .and known as West Florida; and that in all, 'the negotiations between the two governments, Spain. had 'constantly refused to cede any part . of the Floridas, even from the Mississippi.to the Mobile. lie addd .that he. was authorized byhis imperial majesty.to say, that at. the be-
VOL. lI.-P O

-306

UPREME COURT..

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
.ginning of 'the year 1602, general 'Bournionville had been charged to open a new negotiation with Spain for the acquisition of'the Floridas; but this project'had not beenfol19wed by a treaty.
Had France and Spain agreed *pon the b0undaries of the' retroceded territory before Louisiana was acquired by the United States,' that agreement would thdoubtedly have ascertained its limits., But the declarations of France made after parting with the provincecanrot be admitted as conclusive. In quistions of this.character, political considerations have too much ,influence over the conduct of nations, to permit their declarations to decide the-course of an independent government id a matter vithlly interesting to itself. I Soon after the arrival of Mr Monroe at his place of destination, the negotiations commenced at Aranjuez. Every word in that article: of the treaty of St Ildefonso which ceded Louisiana -to France, was scanned by the ministers on both sides with all, the critical a'cumenA which talents and zeal -could bring into their service. Every argumet drawn from collateral circumstances, .connected iyith the subject, which could be -supposed to elucidate it, was exhausted. No advance towards an arrangement was made, and thenefotiation termin'ated, leaving each party firm in his original opinion and purpose. Each persevered in maintaining the construction with which he had commenced. .The.discussion. has since been resumed between the iwo nations with as much ability.and with as little success. The question has been again argued at this bar, with the same talent and research which, it has uniformly called forth. Every topic which relates to it has been c6mpletely exhausted- and the Court by reasoning on the subject could'only repeat. what is familiar to all! 'We shall say -nly, that the language of the article may admit of either construction, and it is scarcely possible to consider'the, arguments'on either side, without believing that they proceed from a 6onviction of their truth. The phrase on which the controversy mainly depends,.that Spain. retrocedes Louisiana with' the same extent that it had when France possessed it, might so readily have bedn expressed

JANUARY TERM 1829.

[Foster & Elam s. Neilson.]

-

in plain language, that it is difficult to'resist the persuasion

that the ambiguity wvas intentional.-, Had Louisidna been.

retroceded with the same extent- that it.had when France

ceded it to Spain, or With the same extent that.it had'before

the cession -of any part of it to England; no contro'ersy

respecting its limits could have "arisen: Had, the, parties

co-acurred'in thieir intention, a p!aii -mode of-expressing

that intention would- -have presented- itself- to- .them. But

Spain hbs always manifested infinite repugnance to the sur-

render of territory,, and was probably'unwilling to give back

more than she had received. The introduction of .atrbigu-

ous phrases into -thetreaty, which- power -might afterwards,

construe according to7 circumstances, was a measure which

the str, ong dnd- the politic might riot, be disinclined to em-

ployS.

:- .

However this may be, it %is,we-think, 'incontestablb, that

the American construction of the'article, if not entir'ely free

from'question, is supported by arguments of great strength.

which cannot be easily confuted.

In-a controvefsy between twjo nations concerning national

boundary, it is scarcely possible -that the 'courts of: either

should refuse to abide by the measures adopted' by its,own

government. There being no common -tribunal, to decide;

between themn, each determines -for itself on its own.rights,

and-if they cannot" adjust their differences- peaceably, thg

right remains with-the strongest.., The judiciary is not that

department of'the -goVernment, to which the assertion of its

interests against. ,foreign -powers is .confided;- and its, duty

commonly isto decide upoh indivilual rights, -according to

those principles. which -the p6litical departments.of-the na-

tion haive established. ' If'the courseof the nation has been.

- plain one,' its-coutrs -would hesitate to pronounce it er-

roneous.

-

We think then, however-individual judges-might construe

the treaty-of St;ldefons6, it is the-province -ofthe Court to

conform its decisions -iothe will'of the legislature, if that

will has.been cOearly.expressdd,

-The convulsed state of European Spain, affetted her influi-

ence-over her colchijes; and a"degree bf disorder pfevailed.

SUPREME COURT.
[Foster &cElam vs. Neilson.]
in the Fl6ridas, at which the United States could not-look with indifference. In October 1810, the president issued his proclamation, directing the governor of the Orleans ter-" ritory to take possessiori of the country as far east, as. the Perdido, and to hold it for the United States. This measure was avowedly intended as an assertion' of the, title of'tbe United State;; but as an. assertion, which was rendered necessary in order to-avoid evils'which might contravene th6 wishes of both parties, arid lhhi6h w6uld.still'leave the territory "a subject of fair and friendly negotiation and.adjustment."
-In April 1812, congress passed ""an adt to enlarge the limits of the state of Louisiana." This act -describes lines which' comprehend'the lapd in c6ntroversy, .anddeclares that the country, inclu'ded within them sh'all become and form, a-
pI~art of the state of Louisiana. In May of the same y~air; another act was passed,.anne-
ing 'the -residue' of the country west, of.the Pe'dido 'to' the"
"Mississippi territory. Add in February 181, the president'was authorized "to
occupy and hold all that tract of country called West Florida, whichiies west of the rivbr Perdidoi not now'in possessiori of the United States.-" . On the third of March 1817, congress ere6ted that.part ofFlorida which had been annexed to the Mississippi territory, into. a separate territory, calldd -Alabama..
'The powers- of'government were extended to, ana e.er-' cised jn those parts of West Florida which composed a part of Louisiana and Mississippi, respectively , and a separate .government was erected in Alabama., U. S..L. c-,4, .409.
In'.March 1 9, "c6ngrqss passed an act to enable the
people of.Aabamato form.a 'constitution and tate government." . And in December 1819, she'was admitted inio the union, .anddbclared one of the United States of Amprica. The treaty of amity, settlenent. and, limits; 'between the' United States 'and Spain, was signed at Washington on -'he 22d day of February 1819, but was not ratified by Spain till the 24th d y of October' I820j nor by the United-States," until- the !2d,.day.,of February 181: So thatAlaba-ma was.,

JANUARY TERM, 129.
[Foster & Elam vs, Neilson.]
admitted into the union as an independient- state, in'virtue of the title acquired by the United Statesto her.territory under" the treaty of April I S03..
After these acts of sovereign power over thA territory in dispute', asserting the American construction of the treaty. by which the government claims it, to -maintain the opoosite construction in its own courts would certainly be an anomaly -in the history and practice of natjons. If those departments whi-ch are entrusied with-the foreign intercourse. of the nation, which assert and. inaintaih its -interests against'foreig. powers, have unequivoclly dsserted its rights of dominion over a- country of which, it is in possession,. and which it claim'under a',jreaty; if the legislature has. acted on.the' constfuetion thus usserted, it is not in "its6wn courts that this 6onsiruetion ji to be denied. A-, question like- this. respecting the boundaribs of nations, is, as has been'truly -said, more a political, ihan alegal'question ; and in its diseussiqn, the courts of every country must respect the p'ronounced will' of the legislature. Had this suit been iihsttt.uted'immediately after the passage of the act.for extending the bounds 6f-Louisiana, could -the Spanish constructibn .of thie ireaty: of Si'Ildefonso have'been maintained . :-Could the plaintif have insisted that -the land. did hot lie in Louisiana, liut 'ii West Flo.rida; that the occupation of the country by'the United Stateg was wr6ngful; and that his title under a Sp anish grant mustprevail, because the'acts of congfess on the. subjelt"were founded on a misconstrudtion of thd, treaty 7 .If it be said; that this'statement does not present the queidn fairly.; because- a plaintiff admits the'authority of the 'Court; let the parties ber changed. - If-the Spanish grantee had obtained' possession so as to be the' defendant, would .a Courtof the United States main'tain.his title undea a'ish grnt," made subsequent to the acquisition of Louisiana, singly d. the piinciple that the Spanish- construction of the treaty, of
St' "Ildefoniso .was --right.; and. thb American, construction
wronlii Such'a 'decision would,.we think,:hav e 'subverted. those principles which gocvern .tie,relations between tbe-l6.gisldtive' and judicial departmeits, -and'nmaik the limits,'of each..

310

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.)
If the right6 of the parties are in any deg'e; changed, that chage must.be produced by the subsequent arrangements made.between the-two governments.
-A "treaty of amity, settlement, and linfits, between the United States .ofAmerica and th- king of Spain," was sign-: ed at Washington on the 92d day of February 1819. ' Bythe ;d, article " his- catholic maijesty cedes -to the United States in full'properfy ind sovereignty, 'all the territories. which belong to him, situated to the eastward-of the Mississippi, known-by the name of East and:West Florida." .,,The 8th arti6le" stipulates, that "all. the grants of land, mad&'before the 24th of January 1818 by his catholic majesty,. or by his lawful authori)ies, in the said territories ceded by his majesty to the-United States, shall be ratified and confirmed to the persons in possession of the lands, to-the sdine extent,that the sapie. grans -wouldbe valid if the territoties had'-remained' under the dominion of his'catholio majesty."
The -Court will not attempt to conceal the difficulty which is created by ihese articles.
-Iits well known that Spain had uniformly maintained.er "conttruction of t'he treaiy of St Ildefonso.-lHis caiholic. majesty had per.everingly -insisted that no part of West Floiida. had been Ceded by that treaty, arid that the whole couptry_ which had-been -known by that name still belonged
tolhim. ·Itis then -a fair in'ference from the language of the treaty, that he did. not -mean to retrace his. steps, and .relin*quish his pretensions; but to'cede on a sufficient coniideritioi all that he had-claimed as his; and consequently, byth 8th artfel, to stipulate for theconfirimation ofall those grants. -vhich-he'had made whilethe title remained in hir.
But the Uhited 'States had-,uniformly denied the titlQ 'set; up by the 'crown -of 'Spain; had insisted- that a prt of' Wist Florida had been tiansferred to. Francee by the trehty of $t Ildefonso; and. ceded to' th.e United States by'the treaty, of April 1803 , had asserted this constructiowb .taking itual possemaion'of -the counfiy; and had extended its' leislstion" 6ver it.' The UVnited,States:.therefore cannot be understood to.have -admitted.that this countr-y:belnnged to his catholic-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
S[Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
majesty, or that it lpassed 'from him to them -by-this article.;
iTld his catholic majesty ceded to the United- Stateg "*all the territories situated to the eastward .of-the. Mississippi oknowri by the name of East -aid West Florida;'! 'omittipg the words "which belong to him,"'the United States in receiving this -cession,.might have sanctioned the right to make it, and might -haime been -bound.toi consider the,.8th artic!e q§ co-ex.tensive with the second. Thstipilation of the 8th article might have been construed W be ai. dmlssion.tbat-West Florida to its full extent .'as 'ceded by-this' treaty.
But the insertioi of.these words materially affects the construction of the article,- They cannot be rejected as surplusage. They have- a plain meaning, and that meaning.. can be"no other than to limit.the' extent of the'rssion..We" cannQt-ky they were inserted ca'relessly or unadvisedly, antd mti-s' understand tiem ac'cording to tieir. bviqus import.
It is not improbable that terms were selected which might not .cmpromise tfie dignity of eith6r gQvernment-, and which each' might understa~d, consistently with its former pretensions.. But i'f a court of'the United States-would .hav6 been' bou't, under the state of thing@ existing at the signtro of
the' treaty, to consider thle territory. then -composing a part of the state of&Louisiana as" rightfully belonging .A the, United-States, it would .be difi tdfi. to 'Conistrui this article ito'an,admission jtht.(t-belojed rightfully to-his catholic mi e..y.'
TW60th artidle of the'treaty maybe- considered.in.connexion with the second. -The 6th -stipulates "that the :in,. habitats of-tle'territories which'his 'ctholic majesiy cedes to the Unijed -States by this .treaty, shall be-incorporated~in ihe-union of'the lUnited States, as soon as may.be coiisistent with-the principles of the federal constitution."
This article, according to its obvious import, exfeild to the whole, territory which was ceded. The stipulation 'foi the-incorporation of the inhabitants of the ceded territory into the union, is co-extensive with the' cessioi. But the' country in which the I-and in controversy lies,,was already inco'rporated into the union. It composed a part of the

SUPREME COURT.
, [Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
stiite of Louisiana, which,.was already a member of the American confederacy.
A part of West Florida-lay east of the Perdido: and to that the right of liis'catholic majesty w'as acknowledged. There was then an ample subject on which the words of the cession might operate, without discarding those which limit 'its general expressions.
Such is..the construction which the Court would put on the treaties by which the United States have acquired 'the country east of New Orleans. But an -explanation of the 8th article sedms to have been given by the parties which may vary this construction.
It was discovered that three lhrge grants, which had been supposed.at the signatjire of the treaty to have been made .subsequent'to the 24th 'ofJanuary 181.8, 'bore. a date anterior to that period. Considering these grants as fraudulent, the United States insisted on an express declaration annulling' them. This demand was resisted by Spain; and the ratification of .the treaty was for some time suspeided. At 'length his catholic majesty yielded, and thefollowing clause was introduced. into his ratification- "desirous, at the same time, of avoiding any 'doubt or ambiguity concerning, the -meaning of the 8th~article-of the "treaty, in respect to the date which is pointed out in it as the.period for theconfirmaion! of the.grants of lands in the Floridas made by me, or by ne competent authorities in my 'royal name, which -point of date was fixed in the positive understanding of the 'three grants, of land made in favour of.the duke of Alagon, tahnen,uclolejdutboyfiPtsunteonnoRr;ostro, and -DonPedro de Vargas, being
I'thirjk 'it proper to deilbe, that the _said three'granis have remained and do remain entirely an'ulled and invalid; and..that -neither the three'qndividuals mentioned, 'nor those who'may have title or interest through theni, can avail themselves qof'the said grants at any time or *in'any manner; under which explicit declaration, the said .8th article is to be- understood. as. iatLfied." One of these grants, that t6 Vargas, lies west iq -the Perdido.
It has been argued, an d with. grqeaforc&, 'that-this explanation forms a' part of the 'artic1, "_it n*ak be ,coisidered

JANUARY TERM- 1829.
(Foster & Elam vs. Neilson.]
as if introduced into it as iiprovigo or exception -o the stipulation, in favour of grants'anterior to the 24th ofJantiary 1818.: The article may be hinderstood as if. it had beeri written, that "all the, grants of-laid made before'the 24th of January 1818, by his catholic majesty br his lawfuraiuthorities in the said territories, ceded by his majesty to -the United States, (except those made to th1duke of Alagon., the count o fPunon Rostro and.D*onPedro de Yargas,)shall be ratified and confirmed, &c."
Had this been the form of the original article,'itwoifd bLdifficult to resist the construction that the excepted. gtnts were withdrawn from it by the exception, arid would otherwise have been within iis provisibns: .Con~equentlythat.all: other fair grants within the -tirie. specilfed, wdre, as-obli'ga .tory on the United States, as -on his catholic majesty.-
One other judge and myself are inclined to. adopt this opinion. The majority of the Courf however thifik'differently. They suppose that these three large grants being made about the same time,, under circumstances strongly indicative, of unfairness, "andtwo of them lying east of.the Perdido, might be objected to on the-ground of frahd common to them all :without implying any opinion, that one of .them, which.was for- lands lying within the United States, and most probably in pari'sold .by the government,'-could have been otherwise confirmed. The government- might. well insist on closing allfu.t,ure controversy relating to thelsi grants, which might so. materially interfere with its own rights and policy in its future disposition of the ceded lands; and not allow them to become the subject of judicial ihlvestigation; while other grants, though 'deemed by it'to be invalid, might be left to the ordinary course 'of the law. The form of the ratification ought not, in their opinion, . to change the natural copstruction of the words of the 8th article, or extend them':to embrace grants not otherwise 'intended tr. be confirmed by it. -Anextreme solicitude to provide against injury or inconvenience, from the knownexistence of such large grants, by insisting upon a declaration of iheir absolute nullity, can in their opinion -furiish,no satisfactory. proof that the government meant to recognise
VOL.. II.-2 P

-314.

SUPREME COURT

L[Fosier. &'Elam vs. Neilson.]
the small grants -"asvalid, which in every previous act and struggld it had proclaimed to be void, as being for lands withiri the American. territory.
Whatever difference -may,exist respecting the effectof the IatificatiQp,- in "whiAtevr sense. it may be ,understood, we thinkihe 4ound-..construction of theighth article will n6t eiable this Court to apply its ,provi'sions to the present case. The words of the article are, that. " all the grants of land wade before the 24th *of anuary 1818, by his catholic ma-. jesty, &c. shall bedratifipd and, .confirmed to the persons in possession of,the lands,.-to - the same extent that. the same grants would be valid if the territories, had remained under the dominion of.his catholic majesty..' Do these words: act directly on,the grants, so as to give:validity to those- not otherwise valid; or do they 'pledge the faith of -the United States. to pass acts which'shall ratify and confirnr'them '.
,A.treaty-is.in its nature -a'contract between two nations, not a legislative act. It does not generally effet, of itself, the object to be accormplished) -especially so faras its operation'-is infr-teriitorial $.but. is carried' into execution by the sovereign, power of. the respective parties to the instru-
ment. In.the United' .tates a.'different principle. is established;
Our constitution declares a treaty -tobe the law of the land,. It 'ii, consequently, .to be regarded incourts of justice as -equiialent to an pt 9f the legislature, When6ver it operates of itself without the aid of' any legislative proVision. But when the terms.of the'sipulation import a'contract, when either of the parties engages to perform a partic.ular act, the treaty addresses itself to.the political,' not'the judieial. department; -and the legislature must -execute the 'contract before it can.become a iule for the Court.
The article under.consideration does not declare that all 'the grants nwade.by his catholic majesty before the 24th of January. 18 18, shall'. be alid to the same extent as if the ceded territories had remaiied under his dominion. It does lqot sar that those grants are hereby confirmed. 'Had such been its langtage, it would have acted directly on the subject, and would have repealed those adts of congress which

JANUARY TER .'1A82-1

[Foster & Man vs. Neilsonj
were repugnant to iU but it§ inguage'is that those gantg shall .beratified and confirmed to th6 .per~ons, in possession,. &c. By whom shall'they be ratfied and coifirmed. "Thii seems to be the language'of cbntiact; andift is, the rati-

fication- and confirmation which are.piomised must. be the

act of the.legislature. Until such -actShall be passed; the

Court is not at Iibprty to disregard 'the existing laws bi the

subject. ·Congress appears to have 'understood. ,.this' artile

as'it s understood by the Court. Boards of'commnissioners,

have been appointed for East andi"West Florda, to receive

.ilaims:for lands'; and on their reports:titles to'lands 'not et-

eeeding'

'acres have*been confirmea,, and to.a very

large arount On the 23d of May 1628, an act was .pasIse'd

supplemdntaty to the several acts. providing for -the*settle-

ment- and'confirmation of private 'lahd 'claims 'in 'Florida;

the 6th section .of which enats;' that dll claims'to land

within the territory of Florida, embraced by -the-treaty ;be-

tween Spain and the-Ufited Siates. of the 22d of February

1819,.which shall not b'e decided and finally sdttled under

the foregoing. proisions of.this. act, containing a greater

quantity of land than the commissioners were authorized to

dpeide, and which have not' been reported as antedited, or

forged, &c., shall be received 'and-adjiidicated by the judge

of' th6 stiperior' court of -the-district within.which t'h6'-land

lies,,upon 'the petition- 'of -the claimnt," &c ' Provided,

that n'othing iithis section shall be-donstrued to enabi the

judges to take .cognizance of any'claim annulled by-the

said 'treaty,. or the decree ratifying the same by. the. kin' of

Spain, not any.claim not presented to the commissioners or

register and receiver. Aa 'appeal is allowed from' the deci-

sioa of the judge of the district to this. Court. 'No such act

of confirmation' has' been extended to grantsfor land-, lying

west of the Perdido.

The act of 1804, erectiig Louisiana -into two territories,

has been already mentioned. It annuls'all grants for lands

in the ceded territories, the title whereof was at the date of

the treaty of St Ildefonso in the'crown of Slain. The grant

in. controversy is not brought within any of' the exceptions

from the'enacting clause.

316

SUPREME COURT.

[Foster & Elam vs. N~eiison.]
"The legislature has passed many subsequent acts previous to the treaty of 1819, the object of which was-to adjust the titles to lands in the country acquired by the treaty of 1803.
They cautiously confirm to residents all incomplete titles to lands, for which a warrant or order of survey had- been obtained previous to the 1st of October 1800.
An act, passed ii April 1814, confirms incomplete titles to lands in the state of Louisiana, for which a warrant-ororder of survey had been -granted prior to-the 20th of December 1803, where the claimant or the person under whom lie claims was-a itsident of the province. of Louisiana on .that day, or at the date of the concession, warrant, or order of iuivey; and where the tract does not exceed 640 acres. This act -extends to, those caseg only which had been reported by the board, of commiss.oners; and annexes to the confirmation several conditions, which it .is unnecessary to review, because the plaintiff does not claim to come Within the provision§ of -the act.
On the 3d of-March 1819, congress passed an act confirming all complete grants to land from the Spanish government, contained in the repoits made by the commissioners .Appointed by the president for the purpose of adjusting titles - which had been deemed valid by the commissioners; and
also all the claims reported -as aforesaid, founded on any order of survey, requete, permission 'tQ settle, or any written evidenre of claim derived from the Spanish authorities, which ought in the opinion of the commissioners to be confirmed;
* and which by the said reports-appear to be derived from the
Spanili government before the 20th day of December 1803, and the land claimed to have been cultivated or inhabited "on or before that day.
Though the order of survey in this case was granted beforethe-20th of December 1803, the plaintiff doesnot bring himself withiri this act.
Subsequent acts have.passed in 1820, 1822 and 1826, but -they only confirm claims "approved bh the commissioners, arriong which ihe plaintiff doe's not allege his to have been
placed. Congress has reserved to itself the supervision of the titles

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Foster & Elam i.s. Neilson.] reported by its commissioners, and has confirmed those which the cominissioners have approved, but has p'assed'no law, withdrawing 'grants generally for lands west -ofihe Perdido frdm the operation of the .14th section of the act of 1804, or repealing that section.
W6 are of opinion then, that the court committed no error in dismissing the petition of the. plaintiff, and that the judg-. ment ought to be affirmed with. costs.
This cause came on,to be heard on the'transcript of the record from the district. court of the United States for the eastern district of Louisiana, and was. argued by'counsel; on consideration wherebf, this Court. is of opinion that the said district court committed no error in dismissing the petition of the plaintiffs; 'therefore it is 'bonsidere'd; ordered and adjudged by this-Court, that the judgment of the said district court in this cause be. and the same is hereby affirmed with -costs.

JANUARY TERN 1820.
THE PRESMENT, DIRcTORS AND CoxpANy OF THE, Bmix -OFTHE COH361iwEALTH OF KENTUCKY, PLAINTIFFS nC ERROR V8. JOHN ASHLy AND JoHN ELLA, DEFENDANTS.
'The declaration purported to count upon sixty.eight bills-of the bank of the com-
monwealth of Kentucky, and it appeared that one of the bills hadbeen omitted to be. described, so'that the declaration made out a less sum than the writ claimed or 'the judgment gave." The detendants in error, plaintiffs below, moved for leav to cure-the defect by entering a remittitur of the amount of the bill so omitted and damages pro tanto. This Court thinks itself authorised to make a precedent in furtherance ofjustice, whereby a more convenient practice may be introduced, and to allow the party to enter his'remittitur; but onpaymnent of the costs of the writ, if error is prosecuted no further after such amendment made. [329]
ERROR -to the circuit court of Kentucky. This action was, in all respects similar to that of the pre.sident, directors and company of the bink of the commonwealth of Kentucky vs.- Wister, Prince and Wister, ante page 318, with the exception only, that it was founded, on the notes of the bank piyable to bearer, and.usually deno·minated bank notes. The declaration contained counts in debt oft simple contract, averring that the plaintiffs in the case-were the holders of the notes, and that they became their property by delivery, and that payment had been.demanded and had been refused. The defendants entered the same plea as in the case re-. ferred to, which was adjudged against themi and a trial washad and a verdict -ofjudgment rendered for the plaintiffs below'for the whole debt, with damages for the detention. from .the commencement of the'suit. The-bilrof exeeptions presented the same points to the Court as in the former case, and the 'nly.question which was argued before this Court was upon the effect of an omis.sion to describe one of the sixty-eight bank notes ip the de-' * clarition, the verdict and judgment. having been given for a sum including the note, as if the same had beenso described.
The counsel for _he defendants in error, Mr Caswell, stated that a remittitur would be entered for theamount of

SUPREME COURT.
[Batk of Kentucky vs. Ashley & Ella.]
'the note. which had hot been set out in the declaration, if this Court would peknmit the same. The debet and detinet -in the' declaration, stated correctly the amount of the plaintiffs' claim, and the verdict and jidgment were in conformity theiewith.
-:Mr Nicholas, for the, plaintiffs in error, replied that this Court cannot amend the declaration, and that the plaintiffs here 'have a right to avail themselves of the:error. 'Amendments may be made in the courts from which the case is brought, while the record is in the possession ofthose courti but this writ.of error has brought up the whole record, and the power to amend in the circuit court no lohgbr exists.
Mr Justice JOHNSON delivered the opinion, of the Court. This was an action of-debt instituted up6il the bank notbs of the commonwealth bank,- in'which the defendants haie .,recovered judgmenit for $6350 with interest. The bank filed. the same plea to the jurisdicti6n of the court below,' as was' filed in-the case of Wister,' Pride and Wister. The decision therefore delivered, in.that case, renders it unnecessary to remark upon this part 'of the pre-: sent cause. No other plea having been -filed, judgment went by default for the sum claimed by the writ. But upon examining the declaration whichspurports to count severally upon sixty-eight bills, it appears that one of the sixty-eight has been omitted. Of consequence, the declaratiqii makes out a less sum, and one debt less in iumber than the writ claims or the judgment gives. This is error: but th plaintiffs now move for lpave to care it, by entering a remittitur of the debt so omitted, and damaages pro tanto. And this Court has' taken-time to consider the motion. That the party would- .h;v'e *had a right to remit in the court'below cannot be questioned: it is every dny's practice sustained by the gravest precedents. Anil the right extends, not 'only to the amount of damages, but to several causes of aption,'distinct 'debts, distinct acres of land, and distinct Oleas. Cro. Jac. 146; 'Hob. 178; Ratym. 395; 3 D. -k. 659. And- the right is recognised as existing after error

JANUARY TERM- 1829.

329

[Bank of Kentucky vs. Ashley,& Ella.]
brought, and while the cause is .depending in th- court above,' and the court of error will suspend 'its judgment to give time for the defendant in error to amend irithe court below. 3 . S,-E. 349. 659. 749, &c.
But the difficulty consists 'in this, that the writ of,etror here d'es not 'bring up the origin al record, but only 'a transcript, as in'the case of error to the house of lords. In error to the king's bench,.that coiri will permit a rpmittitur,,. because it-gets possession df the 'record (&D.. E. , but-in.error to -tbe -house.of.lords it is otherwise,' and ihe
entry must be made below for the reasofi as'sigued. 3 D.'.4 B, 59.
After, such amendment made in our circtit courts, the party.would have-to, avail hims'Jf of it by suggesting diininution, and b.ringing up ihe amended record, by certiorari.
This Court. therefore thinks 'itself -authorised to make -a preoedent in furtheran'ce of justice, whereby a more convenient 'practice shall be introduced. And to allow the party to-enter'his remittitur fiere; but on payment -of the costs,, if' the 'writ of error is prosercuted, no farther after such amend-
ment made. 'Such seems to be the. rule in the British courts, (Barnes,
17,)'and we think it reasonable. The defendants here .will. b6 permi'ted to enter the re-
mittitur, and upon such entry the judgment.will be aftir~med, without.'costs.in err6r.

This cause came on to be heard'on a transcript of the.re7 cord from the circuit court of ihe United States for the district of Kentucky, and-w4s argued by counsel; on consideration whereof,. it appearing to this Court that the judgment. of the said 'circuit court.is for a larger, suntan that claimed ard-countedI.upon in the" declaration-- in. s~id cause in said. 'courti.the said defendants .in:error .filqd here in'open curt a remittitur in the.followipg words, to wit:
"Suprem6"Court of the United States of January term,' in the year of 'our lord eighteen ;hundred and twenty-nine. Be it remembered,' that.on the trial of this cause bef6re the
V0L.'II.--2 IV

330

SUPREME COURT.

[Bank ot Kentucky vs. Ashley & Ella.3
Supreme Court of the United States on a writ of error to the circuit court of the United States for the district of Kentucky, on the fourteepth day of February in the year aforesaid, it appeared that one of the sixty-eight bills upon which theLdeclaration purported to count severally, to wit, a bill for the amount of fifty dollars, had been omitted in said declaratiop; the declaration mraking out a less sum, and one debt lass in number, than the writ claimed or the judgment gave. And. herepon the said John Ashley and John Ella, '.Junior,,defendants in error, by Daniel S. Caswell their attorney and counsel in this Court, freely here in court remit to the said president and directors of the Bank of the Comnonwealth of Kentucky, plaintiffs in error s aforesaid in: this oause, as well the said debt of fifty dollars so omitted as aforesaid, .the residue of the debt aforesaid, together with interest- onthe said fifty dollars at the rate of six per centum .per annum from the -twenty-second day of September in the year of our Lord eighteen hundred and twenty-five, as also damages pro tanto. As witness our hands this tourteenth day of Febru*ary in the year of our lord eighteen hundred and twenty-nine. John Ashley and John Ella, Junior, by Daniel J. Caswell, their attorney-and counsel in this Court."
Whereuporit is considered, ordered and adjudged by this Court; thatthe -judgment of the said circuit court in this cause be; and -the samd -is hereby affirmed without costs, deducting. from tli6 said judgment of the said circuit court, the amount so deducted as aforesaid.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
3. ltuipnn, PLANTuIF IN Euoma vs ANTHONiY Bu'rLEnj Dv~Nx,-
ANT IN ERROI .
By the law ofMississippi, the assignee of a chose in action mayinstitute a suit in. his own name. When therefore an executor, having proved the will of his testator, in Kentrcky, had assigned a promissory note due 'to the estate by a citizen of Mississippi; the suit was well brought by the assignee, without any probate of the will in thit state.
ERROR to. the district court of the United States for the district of Kentucky.
The only question submitted to the, court ,was, whether the assignee of a chose 'ir action; assigned by an executor in the state where he had proved the will and taken out letters testan'entary, where the debt .was contracted, and where the testator-lived and died; could maintain an action in another state, without a new'probate and new letters testamentary taken out in the state in which the action was brought.-
The question arose on the demurrer of the defendant to the plaintiff's'-replication; setting outI the. probate, l'tters" testamentary, assignment, &c., The 'district-court sustained the demurrer and decided against the plaintiff's right of action.
The causes of demurier shown by the defendait in error, were:
1.-' That the replication does not allege and set forth that the will of the testator was proved, and- that' letters testamentary ware granted to the executor-in the state f Missisippi.
2. That .the replication, does not show that the will'of the testator was proved,.and probate thereof granted to the executor or any other person ithin the jurisdiction of the court; 'nor- that it Was granted by 'a tribunal of competent jurisdiction.
Mr Jones, for the plaintiff, contended ihat the assignment beingconsummat6 in the jurisdi-tion where the-.executor's,

SUPREME COURT.
[Harper vs. Butler.]
authority was indisputable, operated a complete transfer of the chose in action there; and carried with it a right of action every where- . to which no new probate, or letters testamentary, could have added any validity whatsoever.
No counsel appeared for thedefend'ant.
Mr Chief Justice MAISLHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This is an action of debt brought by the plaintiff in error, in the court of the United Sttes.for the district of Mississippi, as the assignee of Henry Clay, executor of James Morrison deceased. The defenlant pleaded in abatement, that the will of James Morrison had notfbeen proved or recorded in the 'state of Mississippi, nor had letters testamentary therein been granted to Henry Clay the executor. To this plea-there was a replication, which set out the probate of the will in the.state of Kentucky, the letters testamentary to' the executor, and the assignment, in the -state of Kentucky, of the note on which the action was brought to the plaintiff in error. To this replication the defendant a-emurred. The court gave judgment for the defendant, and .the plaintiff has sued out this writ of error.
The district*court proceeded on tWe idea that the executor could -not transfer a .chose in action in Kentucky, because.the obliger did iot reside in that state. This court supposes the law to be otherwise. The assignment in Kentucky could not 4nable the assignee to sue in the courts of Mississippi, unless the law of the court.authorized an assignee to sue in his own name. But since this is permitted in the courts of Mississippi, the plea in abatement cannot be sustained.
The judgment is reversed, and the cause remanded to the district court with-directions to over-rule the demurrer.

JANUARY TERCM 1829..

.6-2

DAvm WunrsoN, PtAnftmw, N ERRR it ve. THoHAs LnLA.ND AwD.
OTHER, DEFENDANTS IN. ERROR.
J.3 died -in Ne* Hampshire, seised of real estate in Rhode Island, baving' delised the same to his daughter, an infant. * His executrix proved the wilLin 'New Hampshire, and obtained a license from a probate court, in that state, to sell the real estate of the testator for the payment of debts. She sold' the ieal'estate in Rhode Island for that purpose, and conveyed the same by ileed; giving a bond td procure aconfirmation of the conveyance by the legislatnre of RtidQIsland. The proceeds of the sale were appropriated to pay the debts, of th intestate"I Held,.that the act of the legislatuie of Rhod6 Island, which bConfirmed'the title of the.'urchasers, was valid. ": Tita legislative and judicial authority of New Hampshire were bounded by the territory of thatastate, and- could not be- rightfully exercised to' pass estates lying in another-state. The sale ofreal estate in Rhode IsJand, by an'executrixi, under a'Jicense granied by' a.court of probate of New Haml hire; was -vvoid; aild a deed executed by her of -the estate was, ptropiovigore, inope-, rative to pass any title of th&testar to.any lands described therein. [655] By the laws of Rhode Island, the probate ofa will, in the.proper probite cbuit, is.undeistood to be..an. indispensable ptelimidiaryto establish, the right of the devisee; and-hen his title-relates back to the death of the iestator. [655] That gbvernment can scarcely be deeeied to be freo,-where the rfgbts of.pro"pertyare left solily dependent on the will -ofth6 legislative body, without any 'rdstraint. 'I'he.fundament-V maxims'of a frie government seem)t6 require ; that the rights'of persbndl liberty and private property, should -beheld sacred.- 'At least, no cdurt' of justice in this poun'try would be justifiid in assuniing, that the power to violate or disregard ther, a powerso repugnant to the common principldgs of.justica'and civil liberty, lurked under any general grant o.f legis*lativi authority,. or oughi to be implied" from -any general expressiong of th&: will of the people. The people 'ought not tb-be presumed t0 part with rights so vital t6 their security and Well being, without very strong and' direct ex-pressions of such an intentiop.. 657] It is admitted that the-title of an heir by'descent in the real estate df.his ancestor, 'and "bfa devisee, of"an estate unconditionally devised to. him, is upon the. deatb of the party unler'whom hq dlaims .immediately devolved upon him, and he acqpire$. vested estate. But this, though tre in a genital' dense, still leaves his title encumbered ith all the liens, which have, been created
ib the party'in'lis life time, or by law at his decease., It isnot an unquali-
lied, though'it may be a.vested interest, and it confdra no title,except to what Trpmalns. after every such lien is discharged. 1658] . By the laws 9YRhod'.oIsland, as well.aso" ail-the New England statis, the real estate ofr intpstirtts stands .mbargeable.'with th payment of their debts pn a dleficiincy of assits. [658] A legislative act is.tboe interpreted acording to the intetilon ofthe legislature - pparent upon its fac. Every technical-.rule, as to the tonstrmction'Pr force oL prticular terms, must yield to the clear expression of the laramount ?Pil ok the. legislature.. [662].

SUPREME COURT.
, [Wilinson vs.Leland and others.]
ERROR to the circuit court of Rhode Island. This case came before the Court upon a bill of exceptiong tendered by the plaintiffin error, they having been defendants below, on the trial of the caase in the circuit court. In that court the defendants in error instituted an ejectment for the recovery of a lot of ground called "The Swamp Lot," lying in North Providence in the state of Rhode Island; which lot of grounld was,,with other lands, devised by Jonathan Jenckes of -Winchester in the state of New Hampshire, by his last will and testament, dated the 17th of January 1787, to his daughter Cynthia ffenckes; subject to a life estate therein of his sister Lydia Pitcher, who was thenin possession of the.same, and socontinued until her death on the- 10th pf August 1794. Jonathan Jbnekes was also seised of other lands in north ProVidence and in Smrithfield, Rhode Island; and also of real 6state in New Hampsh.ire and in Vermont,, most of'which were devised to his.daughter Cynthia. A small part of his New Hampshire lands was devised for the payment of his debts. Cynthia Jenckes-his wife, and Arthur Fenner of-Provideice, Rhode Island, were appointed the executors of his will.. Cynthia Jenckes, alone, qualifiedas executrix. Tie testator died at Winchester in New Hampshire, on the 3 rst of January 1787, a few'days after making hiswill. - No probate of the Will of Jonathan Jfenckes was made in
-the state of Rhode Island. The,plaintiffs in the ejectment -are the heirs of Cynthia
Jenckes, and-claim the .premises under the devise tohdr, she having'afterwhrds intermarridd with Joel Hastings.
The title of the plaintiff in error was as.follows: Cynthia Jenckes the widowe ahd executrix of Jonathan .Jenekes, having been quadified ih New Hampshire to act as executrii, on the.18th of August 1790, returned to the probate court of the -county of Cheshire, an inventory of the real ,,n1 personal. estatie-'i .New Hampshire and Vermont, amounting to X 1792 12s. 9db. A commission of insolvency was afterwards granted by the probate .-court, and on the 3d of January- 1792; the.commissioners reported the whole amount of debts-due by the estate; otfwhich 6920 19s. were due.to citiens of Rhode Island. .I.n.Febrda'y 1792, the executrix

JANUARY TERM -1829.

lWilkinson vs. Leland and others.]

settled her- account -in the-probate court, and.a balance..of 15 UT.- 7d. remnained in her hands, "-th guardiani of the
heirs app'earing and confsenting'!'to the settlement. On the 22d'of July,1790, a license to sell the- real _.tate
Qf Jonathan Jenckes, to pay and-discharge the debts of the

estate, was granted by the probate court of Cheshire county;

and on th6 12th day of November. 1791, Cynthia Jenckes, as executrix of J6nathan-Jenckes, sold and conveyed -by deed to'Moses-Brown and Oziel Wilkinson, the reversion of the

three acre Swamp lot-, the. premises in dispute. The other

real estate in.Rhode Island was also. sold and conveyed by her at the same time.
On the day the sale was made, Cynthia Jenokes executed

a bond to the purchasers,- recitifig that by virtue' of the '.license, and.in pursutince of its directions, a -sale had been

made of all the estate which 'belonged to the -testator,in the towns of Providence, Smithfield, and -NofthProvidence; in

the county of Providence, and state of Rhode Igland; and

that she -hadreceived.pay for ihe sanme; '.andwhe'reas some

doubts may arise whether a sale' and conveyance so- made, by virtu" of the license of the judge of probate, in the state

of NeW Hampshire,. will give a good and -sufficient title- to

lands and, tefiements lying in the state of Rhode Island, and

rr6idence plantations;. now, .for the clearing of -all doubts respecting the premises, I, the said Cynthia Jenckes, 'iii my

said capacity, do covenant, and bngage for m'self, my,heirs,

executors hnd administrators, to and with the said.. Moses Brown, Ozibl Wilkinson and Thom-as. Arnold, their- heirs, executors and administrators, that Iwill procure -an adt to -be passed'by.- the legislature of the*state -of 'Rhode- Island, ratifying and confirming-the title by me granted and conveyed as iforesaid, to them and their heirs and assigns for-

ever; or in failure thereof, tIAt I will repay the purchase

money which I have received for the same, with lawful in-' -terest, and'such reasonable costs and, damages which they may or.slall thermby s-astaif, as shall sufficiently inderinify,.

-id- save' them free .from- lo.ss in the premises, to-:all intents

and ptirposes.'

4

At the June- sessions of -the legislature, Cynthia. Jenckes,

SUPREME COURT.
[Wi1kinson vs. Leland and others.]
by her attorney regularly constituted-,:petitioned the legislature of the state of Rhode Island, representing, "that the personalestaie of the said Jonathan'""nekes, being insufficient to pay his debts, your petitioner obtained authbrity from the 'hon6urable.John Hubbard, judge, of probate'tor the county of Cheshire, in said 'state of'Neiv -Hampshire,where the said Jonathan last lived, to make -sale of so much of the 'real estate of the said.Jonathan Jenckes, as should. be sufficient "for the purpose of paying his debts; that your petitioner, in
rzrsuance of said authority, sold and bonveyed'a part.of said ceased's estdte, sitpate in this state.; that for ihe said estate our petitioner received a part. of the consideration money,.. and the. residue thereof isto-be paid when the deed executed by your petitioner .shall be:' atified by"this assembly; yotir petitioner would further show, that the' residue of the said niol '.se money is absplutely necessary to pay the debts due from said estate, ind'which are now running in interest. She. therefore humbly prays', your honours will-be pleased to ratify and confirm th6 sale aforesaid, being by a deed nitde by your petitioner unto Moses Brown and others, on- the 12th day of November; A. D. "1791;'forthe consideration of five' hundred .and fifty dollars; whereby your petitioner conveyed the right, of redemption to a certain mortgaged estate, and also other landg in,said deedmentioned, sittiate in Smithfield
and North. Providence." Whereupon the legislature -passed tihe.onowing act: Statle of Rhode Island, se. At Juhe session of the Gbn'6ral Assembly, A.,D. 1792'. Whereas, Cynthia Jehckes, late of Winchester, in the state
ooff New Hampshire, now of'the state of 'Vermont, executrix the last will and' testament of Jonathan Jenekes, late- of
Winchester aforesaid, deceased, 'preferred a petition. aid repfesented unto this assembly, that his personal, estate being insufficient for the payment of his debts, she'pbtairied autho-. rity fror~the, honourable John Hubbard, esq., the judge -of .probate for the: county of Cheshire,'in the state'of New Hanipshire aforesaid, where-the said Jonathan last lived, to make sale "ftso much-of the real estate of the said Jonathan Jenckes, as shoull' be sufficient to pay'his debts; that

JANUARY TERM -1829.

631.

LWilkinson vs. L'land ana others;]
by virtue of said authority she made sale to Moses Brown iand others, of phirt of the said rd'al estate, situate withiii this %state; that she hath rbceived part of the co.nsideratiofi" mo4 ney, and the remainder is to -be paid when the sale aforesaid shall be ratified by this assembly; and that the residue of .1aid purchase. money is necessAry for the payment- of said - debts; and tbereupon,.tho said Cynthia prayed, thi- assembly to ratify and confirm the sale aforesaid, ivhich.was made by a deed executed by her on "th-.12thi day of November last past, for the. consideration of five hundred and fifty dollars, whereby shQ conveyed the right of-redemption'to a certain mortgaged eftate, and also other lands ifi the said deed men tioned, situate-in Smithfield and North Provid.ence.,
On due. consideration -wh..reof, it is enacted by.this gene-
ral assetnbly, and. by the authoritythereof, that the prayerof the said p6titioner be granted, andthat the said de~d be, and tie samle is hereby, ratified and confirmed, so far as-respe~ts the conveyance of a'y right or inferest in the estate men.tioned in said deed, which belonged to the said Jonathan Jbnckes at the time of his decease.
A judgment'pro forma, for the plaintiffs, was entered in the' circuit court, and this writ of error was sued outh
The case was argued .by Mr Whipple, and Mr Wirt, for the plaintiff in error ;.'and by Mr Webster, wii whom Was 'Mr Hubbard, for the deferidants..

-Mr Whipple, for the plaintiffs in errior, aftpr stating the
facts 'of the case,.proceeded to say, that the-whole case before the Court, turns upon the constitutional validity of the act of the leg-islature of Rhode Island. . All the lands of Jonathan Jenckes, in .the state of New Hampshire, Were sold for thQ payment, of debt§. ' A: large amount of debt was due in.Rhode Island; and it is admitted that the pioceeds of the sale of the swamp lot were applied to the payment ofthe debts of the testator. . It is als.6-adinitted that all the personal estate had been absdrbed by the .payment'of debts in New Hampshire. The .qustion arising from these facts of the case, is, whether a deed of land in Rhode Island, made by a New Hampshire eieeutor, qualified

SUPREME CQURT..
[Wilkinson bs. Leland'and others.]
in-Niw Haffiipshire, and not'ih Rhode Island, the soile being fairly niide for the. payment 'of, debt , and -the. deed "being" gubse'iuently ratified. and .confiined. by the legislature of, Rhode "Island,'constitu'tes a valid 6oriveyance.. Itis confended that itdoes: and it-is.-at the same tihre6conceded, that sue.a deed withot.t.stkeih cohfirmation, is libsolutely void, This-view of the case presents n6cessifily the question of the power -f thelegislatire.o-it ass thfe law.
TQother limit to the power-of the legislature of Rhode Islamnais'Rnown, .thai that which is*marked 6uit b- the co'i,-" stitution .ofthe United Stites. If-.any clause in that instrument is ex'pr~ssly oivirtnally infrn~edibj'the confiiatory ae't
of1792, such a vio1jton wo.uld'rendei th~eact 'anullity. The 'nDtional constitution being the only limw.tation, the Court -haa no right to proaounce ·a law of Rhod'eIsland void, upon any Other grqund. It has-been dtd inz-England, that ari aet Of RtbdiarogAt, contrary, to fhe princzples of natural justice, wou-14 be void. Such.an opinion, in reere.nce to k law of a .state, has never been-intimated .intfis Court.
SBut, suppose thep.eo. to ike au .exptegs grant, autho-
rising, the le'Ialature to' Ippoint a mai. a-judge in ,his own case; or to pais any'hliw contrary to n6 uia justice. so long as none of the prohibitins-6f' the constitutfioh are'violated, what.'ight ha this Court to interfere '.
What was done inthe c'ase before the Court, Was-.with ihe: full knowledge, concurrence,-and assent ofthe' p. opl of 'Rhode Island. .Acti'authorising fqreign executors W sell real estate, and dets confiriniig vpid deeds, have-been passed *ee since the settleieiitof the state, .Having. no written constitutlon;.asage is .thelaiw of RhodeIsland, The.papeis in. the case clearly sh6w that the legislature of that itate al'ways has exercised sufkeme legiaatii'e,exectlttve, and judi-" cio1 .ower(a). Thlre is an execiutiv9 magistrat6, but.he is
(a) In'the cpurse of the argument of.the case, thbe*ounsel of .the'plaintiff in errbT,cited from the sthtutes of the state of Rhode- Islapd, a number of laws.passed by thi iegislatur6 of ihe state in' wbich the powe'rs asserted 10 bd vested ip that body were exericised.
"August1-73. Ranclall vs. Robinson, A petitiop frr a neir triaalf,tear ew trial bad jbeengiven:by the court. Grn.ted.

JANUARIY TERM 1829.

633

[Wilkinson vs. Leland-and others.]
totally destitute of executive power. He cannot pardon the slightest offence; he has no veto on It slation; and he can-

Ross vs. Stow. Petition for a new trial after two verdicts had passed ag'aint the petitioner, and to remove the cause into another county. Granted.
August 1774. Petition 6f Augustus Mumford for leave to amend a judgment lie recovered .against Simon Hazard, from twenty-frur to seventy-four dollars.
Granted. Petition from John Randall, stating that he bad again obtained a verdict asdlst
Matthew Robinson for thirty-five pounds, which the supreme court, on motion of Robinson, had setaside, and praying that the judgment be set aside, ati "the
verdict remain fair as at first received, and that. the next superior court may be
eiipowered to enter up judgment thereon in his favour. for his damages ana costs by the said last jury found." Granted.
Petition of George Elain, stating that a final decree of the king in council bad been obtained by him against John Dorkray, and praying that the supreme court be ordered to darry the same into effect. Granted.
March 1776. Petition of Benoni Pearce, administtator,.to sell real elatB to pay debts. Granted.
June 1776. Petition of Mary Mason to appoint some person to sell the estate of orphans, one of them having gone to sea two years ago, and notsince heard of. Granted.
December 1776. Petition stating that judgment had been outaixied against the petitioner for more iliat the debt due. Granted, and the judgniert declared null and void, and the Court directed to chancerize the bond.
March 1777. Petition of Caleb Fuller, stating that he and Shore Fuller of Rehoboth, Massachusetts, are joint owners of a ferry, and that Fuller refuses- to use it by turns, the one during one week, and the other the next; and praying "1the assembly to grant that he shall improve said ferry with said Fuller in turns,' exchanging every other week, and that his turn may begin the first day of next
week, as has been customaiy for a number ofyears heretofore, &c. Granted. Petition. of Samuel Brown, administrator, stating that the intestate covenanted
to give a deed to Nathan Crary of the stata of Connecticut, of a house and lot, butsdied before executing it; that the estate of the intestate is insolvent, and prays to be authorized to give the deed to Crarv, in pursuance of said covenant.
Granted. February 1778. Petition of Benoni Pearce praying to be'released from his
executorship, on paying the balance in his hands to the town council of Providqncq. Granted.
Abgust 1779. -Petition of Othniel Goston, stating that administration. had been granted upon his daughter's estate, and that the administrators had brought actions against him; and praying that the administration might be set aside. Gralnted, and that the tow'n council be directed to revqke the'same, and to grant administration to the petitioner.
1781. Petition of Sylvester Gardner, deputy qtrtermaster, 9tating -that he, by order of his superior officer, seized a quantity ofstQck anai sold it for the benefit of the United States ; that he is sued for taking saiifstock, and prays that the
action may be stopped. Granted. Petition of Martha Hartshorne, stating that her husband devised certain real
Vor,, 11.--4 E

634.

SUJPREME COURT,

(Wilkinson vs Leland and others.]
not appoint i single officer in the" state ;- all, the execu'tive powers are exercised by the legislature.-
So of its.judicial powers. We have courts acting under standing laws.; but one of those standing laws authorizes the legislature upon a-petition for a'new trial to set aside judg-merits at its -pleasure. Originally. the legislature was the drily court in ihe state. It exercised common law, chancery, probate, anidddmiralty jurisdiction. .Its-.hancery jurisdiction it has never parted with. It is the best court of chancery rntiie world. Its probate power, thQugh conferred upon in-ferior courts, ha always been =exercised concurrently with them. Accordingly, we find frequent instances of wills proved, and administ.ation'granted, b*'the legislature-
Thepower of grantinglicense t6 sell real estate, -ofproving wills and of confiiming void'deeds, has been so-long and sa-feeutly-xerclsed, that it- has been known by-almost every man inthe state. Te people,'knowing this usage, have
acted under if, and there ig hardly anacre. of land in Rhode * 'Island which, in some period or other,,hasi not ,been sold by *executors, administratorsorguardians licensed by the general
assembly; or conveyed by void deeds, confirmed by that body. To draw into 'question the validity of such conveyances, would shake.almnostevery title ihl the state. -

estate to her for life, remainderto his son in fee;.p'raying tha se may sell'pt ofte estate for ler support. Granted.
1782. Petition of Archibald Young and others, pra ing that part of the real estate of a non compos, may be given id fee to such person swill give b6nd to supporther; remainder tobe divided among the heirs in fee provided they give bond to'restore itin case she is restored to her .mind. 'Granted; and the superior court nrdf.ed to carry-the prayer of the petition into equitable execution: . 1783. Petition of Z. Hopkins, statifig thathe was treasurer of Gloucester, was' sued upon notes given by him officially, and judgment has beqn recovered against' him, and, Oraying that execution may be issued against the present treasurer.
Granted. 1783. Petition ofr William Haven, prayihg that a decree of the adinirity
court maybe set aside.and a trial allowed. Granted..
,1784. On petition, a deed of gift from Gideon Sissor-to-his infant children was declared void and fraudulent, and the estate. Was restored ta him.
176..Stephen and Dafftel Stanton were appoihted-guardians of their father, and allowed to selt-his -dal estate to'pay debts, &c.
1791. Petition of-Mary Dennison of Stonington, Connecticut, executrix, for the sale of real estate in- S-outh Kingston to pay debts, and to account with the .Judge of probite in Connedticut. Granted.

JANUARY TERM 1829.. -

S635

[Wilkinson vs. Leland and othbers.]
Resort however to the extraordinary powers;of 'the Rhode Island legislature to protect the present conveyance, is.unnecessary. Every legislature in the- union possesses.similar authority,-unless expressly restrained by its'local constitution. The. .subject Matter of the conveyance was land-lying within the state; and, consequently, exolusively within the jurisdiction of the state'. How the land shall pass from one man to another, whether by deed under seal, or by, mere-delivery; how- itshall be appropriated to the-payment of dehts whether by attachment and sale, or by mesnie or final process;' or whether it sh'all be totally exempted fiom attachment; what form shall be Observed by executors andiadministrators, selling for the payment of debts*; how they shall be qualified, .and from who'm they .shtill obtain a licedse; whether,. the'deed shall precede the license, or the lidense precede the'deed; are zill .questions'to be decided byf'he-lbgislature: and their decisi6n is conclusive upon all mankind. Whether they decide by.a general law or, a special act. is matter exclusively of legislative discretion.
It is .however "considered .unneces.ary to attempt to as-certain the*extreme -limits of state. power in regard to its domain. .dll the power-over that subject, whatever may be its measure; is in the states, A very -smallportion of it was exercised in the present -case. The principles of natural justice were not violated, unless it is unjust to appropriate the property of a debtor to the pa.yment of his debts. No. -vested rights were distdrbed, bedame Cynthia Jenckes, the devisee.took the estate $ubject to the debts of the testator.
The.general law of'.Rhode- Island ftirnished tKe creditors with various direct remedies against the estate itself. .Iwtas liable in an action*against .the devise to have been attached on an original. wtit and sold upon execution. A creditor might have taken admigistration, and petitioned the suprefne court fora-license to sell. The right of the devisee, therefore, was-subjec.t to such remedies as had been previously-provided by the general law, and eViso. to such. remedies as the legislature. chose subsequ6.ntly to.'provide. The application of the general or the .special remedy, would alter but not impair the rights of the parties. Previous to the sales the

636

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilkinson vs. Lelandand' others.]
right of the creditor was to obtain payment either from the devisee or the esate'. The-rigbt of the d6visee was to hold the, esta'te subject to this elder right dfthe creditor. f It was ither election to discharge the ddbts voluntarily, and remove the incumbrance, from the-estate; or to alow the creditor -to proceed uider the best, remedy -he cofildL obtain. The deed of the execufri- and the act of the" legislature, constituted a cheap and -summary-remedy idr 'the enforcement of the rights of.the .creditor, .f the estate had not come to the hands of the devisee loaded with the:,liei of'the creditors, -imt ight have been-difficult to have eonsiddred the, act as mbrely'remedial; for it would have- bestoiedtnew rights upoi the, creditor and heaped new.*4bligltions.u2nbn thedvisee.
Three prgpositions then may sofelyj bbeadviriced-in relation to this act. I. That- no injutiie was -done. 2-; That vested rights were not disturbed. Aad 3'. That the obligation of contracts was notimpaired.
The power of the legislatuie *to furnish remedies in favour. of existing rights, %a*exercised to-a muci greater extent in thd.caes of Calder vs. Bull, 3 DalU 386 ; Underwood vs.
Lilly,"i0"Serg,& Rawd,'97 and Foster vs. The-Essex tank,
. 16 .1fass. Rep. 245, than in; the 'case before the Court. It may be urged, that no notice ivas given to the devisee;
-tbAt ier title was divested by the void deed of, an niauthorized executrix, ronfirmied by an act to-which she was iiot a party, aifd the existefice'of which she Vias ignorafit of dihtil her -estatewas taken from her.
f: notice was necessary, it, m"ay safely be presumed, at th
end' of thirty-six years.. 15 ,Mlass. Rep. 26. But notice was. not nzecessary. It was not an. adversary proceeding. Ifthe creditors had petitioned for a ·remedy against thbe estate, conimon justice would have required 'notice 'to -the .dovisee. But the petition was by the leal representativeof the estate; the legal representative, in Rhode Island as well as in New Hampshire. The p6wer of an' administrator is confined to the state for which he is appointed. He is not the represelitative of. the intestaie 'ih 'iay other-tat,. But thepower.of an executor'is coextensive with the-estate of the testator. -He deiives his power froth the will., and he has

JANUARY TERM 1899.

37

[Wilkinson vs."Leland and others.)
an exclusive xight to administer wherever any estate, nAy be found. The moment the ,tstator died, the power of-hiis exe-.. .cutrix'over his estate in Rhode- Island was' precisely-the
same as over his estate in Neq Hampshire. It w" com.plete in both states, except as to the. bringing act6.* and the sale. of-real estate. She could bring no action in .either, ..until she qualified by giving bond. She could not sell-real ·.estate in.either, until she had obtained .a license.. In all o.ther respects he'r power.was the same in 'both states.-" The will gave her "the exltzsive right' t& administer in- bothstates. ".She had a'. rig/t io .apFdy for a probate ,of the will; -and --for. license to sell..iri both..states.' The' will war, the 'power. The" executrix was the attorney; and every, at wvhich the power aifthorize.d her to do, she could. rightf'ully perform without notice. *There is no- difference, in this respect,-between 'a willapd'any other power. The .executrix in petitioning'thbe legislature-bfRfiode" Island for power to sell, was-actjing as:the rel'resentative dfJonathanJenckes, was taking, a 'stdp.she had a right totake-without consqlting heirs.- 6r -devisees," agd -wiihout- giving' therh notice. - The. gefi.eral law- of Rhode Island authorized ,an execiat6r- to- pe-. tition the supretme dourt ',br a Ui ense, twithout .giieing hotice. "Why should she 'givenbtrce when she petitioned. the legislature .
:There, is a 'wide diffetence'bet-ween the right-to sel,:and. the. right to apply for q, license to sell. The former:is, derived* from the decree of a court -or legislative act. 'The latter is from the will itself. These positions are fully'stistained in Toller on Wills; 41.'.65, 66. 70; Lord Raym. 361; Strmige's"Rp.- 672'; -1 Dane's .lbridg. 558; B-Vrnleyrvs. Duke, 1.Rand.'1O8..; Jackson vs. Jeffries, 1 Marshall,'88";"
and Rulluff's case," I' Mass. '240;"Rice vs.: Parkman, 16
mass. 4326.
%It must ba-adniitted then, that as this act.of the legidlature
impaired no contracts, and interfered'ivith no vested rights,' that they h.ad the constitutional power to pass it. It must
also b6 admitted that the executrix had a right to appl, for
a license to sell,.wherevefreal estate could b& found, until
the-delbts were paid;-and that.there was'no more necessity

638

SUPREME COURT,-

[Wilkinson vi;-Leland and others.]
of giying"the.heiis, notice of such an .applicationin Rhode Island, than there would, have been upon a similar application in New Hamnpshire...
The-case§ in 3.'Dallas,386, 12. Wheaton's .Rep. 378,. 9 ?,!Tas. Rep. 15.1.360, 4 Crnn,Rep. 209, and 16 ,Mass.Rep.. 260, also show, that it is no objection to th6 act'that it ii retrospectve and private,
These- onstitute all the objedtiong that are aticipated againist the legal validity of.the .act. The principal if not the only-bbjeetion that .will be mucb relied upon, relates to its legal effect rather than totihe power, of the. legislatire'to" pas it.
Ti'he.grounds that-will be.nainly contended for, it is supposedwill b6 these; that admitting.that the legislature had sufficient power.to ,have authorized the executrix to makea fu 're sale, yet instead of this, they'urldertook to confirm a previous sale; .that they passed an ct"iih June 1792 confirms ing avoid deed made in November 1191. As the executrix in Novefiber1791 acted 'under, the ,license ,of the court 6f probate in :Nw Hampshir, and had obtained no authority to.iell from'any'court in liode Island, it is very clear that the deed, without"sueh aihority, was a mere nullity. The .ond entered into by the parties, providing that unless the* executrix obtained .a. ratification of the'sale by the legisla-ture, is satisfactory evidence tlhat the parties coisidered the dee'd of no validity..
The act of the :legislature then confirms a .viddeedr and the old principle of the, common law, that a deed of. confirmation will not,validate a previous void deed, will be relied upon; In. Co. Litt. 295, b. it.is said "a-confirmation doth not. strengthefi a void estate, for i confirmation Eaay make a voidable or defeasible estate good, bnt, it cannot work upon an estate. that is void in, law2' -This is the uni-. form language. of the an~iezit books, and the *reason"of_the principle is. found- in Gillbert's Tenures,.75. 78. "A confirmation passes.n6 new eatate to the grantee-: it is the assentof the corifirmer,. that-the .grantee inay hold the estate previously .granted.'
This being the rule between parties to conveyances, it is.

JANUARY TERM 1829,

639

[Wilkinson vs..Leland and otbers.]
supposed that 4 confirmation by the legislatire , is tp be con-
strued bythe same rule. Cynthia Jenckes',the eiecutrix, in November .1V91, made a deed of all the right, title and interest of'Jonathan Jenckes fhe testator ifi the demandd pre:nzises.' Hxying obtained no- previous ljcense,-the deed was.,
'voi., The argument is that.a d~ed of clOfirmation by Cynthi' enckes the devisee, would have been of no force, and. that therefore a confirmation by the legislature was equally
void.
-Two answers may be given to this vyry' plausibie reasoning... 1. We dfrny .thai a confirmaton" by the devisee of the void dded of the eiecutrix' ivould-have been-invy'alid; and -if it would, v.e deny, 2. Tht it necessijldy foltolws thai a confirmation by the legislature, is of the same 'character.
Would. a-confirmation by the devisee have be'en binding! It is. adwitted that in geheral a confirmation of a.void deed' is.inoperative.' An examination 6f the reagbno-of the rule, "h'owever,'willsh'ow its inapplicability to'this case.- 'It. appl.ies to a deed void for want of estate in lhe first gnriaor. As for instance, A. is the.owher'in fee-ofa ,16loafnd.. B. having no title, makes a..ded io C. which is -a-mete nullity, AfterwardA A. confirms to C. tie leed'of B. What does this. arnobnt'to. -.Wby, in the' languig Of',th6 books: "'tQ the ass6nt of-the confirmeri that C..niy hold the estate conveyed bjr B:" What . that e8iat'el. The title of B. If Cynthia, the m~jlier, had conveyed to'-Brown. and Wilkinson her itle to the land of J6nathan Jenck-es, a ,confirmation of-o.uch a. deed, uponi strict principles, would have- been- inoperative. But she acted as executrix; 66 conveyed noi her :own, but the title of.'Jiatn Jenckes.. A' onfirmationi by the devisee, would have been an .assent thgt. the gtantee should hold "the estate".cQnveyedby the deed; Whose estate q Why the estate df the grantor.. Whq was the grantor?. lonathan Jenckes, byhis"agent- Cynthia Jenckes. A confirmation of 'deed, is a "confirmation bf the tite professed t6 be'confeyed by that deed. Had Cynthia Jenckes conveyed her title, a confirmation- would have established her. title.' -As she conveyed'the title ,of Joiathan .hn'ckes, it

640 '

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilkinson vs. Leland land others.]
established his title in the grantee. The, deed of the executrix was void for want of authority,not for want ofestate; and a subsequent confirmation of a void authority is equivalent to a previous grant.
It is therefore denied that a confirmation by the.devisee, of such a deed, would have been inoperative. But suppose it would; does the consequence drawn from that position necessarily follow, that a confirmAtion by the legislature must sharb. the same fate 1 Is an act of the legislature to be conrtrued by technical 'ules .of'conveyances, or by its 'main scope and design.q What was the sole object of ap"plying to the legislature T The ans%,er'must be, to authorize the exe~utrjx td conve'y the title of J1nathan. Jeiickes to the grantee. The lqfigu'age ofthe petition and the act are very pointed to this effect.
The whole doctrine of confirmation, however, is,applicable. ofily to deeds which· contain. no. other than technical words *of. confirmation. Whenever.an intention is manifested to 'nlarge.the este of the rante.e, such- intention shhlf..p~evail. Coea. Litt. 296, a.,
Without any-further refining upon obsolete rules howeveroit is einough -for oar purposei, that even in England. none of :these rules ever applied to a.confirmation by act of parliam"eOnnt.e other view may be taken of the case, which .will relieve itof, all objections arising 'from its retrospective and confirmatory character.
This view is to consider the deed, tie bond, and-the act of tle legislature,as-one convegance,.having a r..esentopeTatiQon. The parties knew .thai.,tle deed was vbid;, they knew that no title passed to the grantee.. How, then c uld they.intend that it should. operate, until aftei the act vyas, obtained q. It'wouild -be.idle to contend that the parties meant a deed to.operate, which they themselves declare to be inogerative iud. 'oid. the deed was executed'ind'delivered in November 1791, but thb deed was nly .apart of
the coneydnce. The act of .thelegislature 'was conremplated as aripther esse'ntial pai't; and when the act was obtained,

JANUARP TERM 1829.

-641

i:Wikinson vs. Leland and others.]
it was in its legol effect a license to sell the estate,.and the deed was given subsequent to, and under the license. The authorities fully sustain this.position.
.",In tid execution of a power, in order that the defici.ency of an ipstrumeat may be 9upplied by the-sufficiency of another, itfiaust appear that the parties intended theyshould operate "conjointly.", 3 East'sRep. "410.43S; Earl of-Leicester's-,case, I Ventrii, 278; _Herring vs. Brown,- Carthew, 22; -,,Mass.Rep;.138; .1John. Ch.Rep.. 240.
If, however,.there, had been- originally an incurabte defedt in this conveyance, an acquiesceice ofthirt, six yearsestops the parties -fron: now making iheir' claim.-
"Yet even heirsandcreditots are.- c6noluded after along
acqu*iqscefice; -and-a legal- pre'sumptiori of the regular exer'cise of authority is accepted instead'of proof.'? 15 Mass.

Mr Webster, for the'defendant iwerro'r."

The history -of the- case is; that there7 lived a' man of the

name of Jenokes, who had acquired reM estate in Rhode

Island; he made his will in 1774, in .which he devised his

estate to -his daughter Lydia[ for. lifej and the reversion to

tis son Jonathan 'Jenckes.' Lydia-survived-J6nathan Jenckes,

who,'.eight, yeafs after.-the deaih of his father, inade his

will, and gave the -xeversion of the estate to his daughter

Cynthia.. enckes., A&t t&is time'Jonathan Jenckes lived at

Winchester in New Hampshire, where he dieA in 1787. He
appointed his wife, whose name was Cynthia, the executrix

of'his. will,-with'another person who never acted.

The Will prqvided for the payment of debts;.and if there

was a deficiency in-the personal estate, that specific por-.

tions of the. real-estate should be - sold for the purpose.

.Unhappily the executrix entrusted, a person who was em-

ployed by .her, and who- took upon himself' to. do every

thing, He acted as agent, commissioner, and purchaser.

'He also got -an agieement for her'dower, and sent her to

Vesetarmteo, nat,t

where "that

she

died.

It also happened that a large

time. turned out to leave but-'£15 is. 6d.

VOL. 1[.-4 F

SUPREME COURT.
[Wilkins'on'vs. Lgland and others.]
The minors .came of age; by good conduct they raised themelves from penury, and have brought their case before this Court.
There is no dispute down to the will.of the elder Jonathan Jenckes, or of his son. The plaintiffs below claim under the will.., The will was proved and admitted, and the question is,. whether the plaintiffs in error are, entitled to hold the-property. -F_1rst, it was pleaded, that the plaintiffs below were barred by the statute of limitations, but 'this has been overruled. They had a title by devise and inheritance, -and the question is, whether any one-ha6 derived a title from their ancestor which can take it away..
IThe question turns only on 'the validity of the. title of the plaintiffs in error; who say they are purL"'asers under Moses Brown and Oziel Wilkinson.' That the lat. ' in controversy went out of the family; Jonathan Jenckes, the ancestor, having, died leaving debts. and the .executrix having made sale of the linds for their payment.
the will of Jonathan' lenckes was proved in New Hampshire in 1787: the debts there were all paid.
The defendants if.htJe circuit.court produce a deed from Cynthia.Jenckes to Moses Brown and Oziel Wilkinson, of November 12,'1791, and a confirmation by the assembly of Rhode-. Island. What is the characier,.and what are the. powerg of the legislature of Rhode Island, will be examined in the course of the' argument. The deed purports.to proceed by the authority of a license, grantdd by the, judge of probate of New Hampshire.. It is not material now to show tiat all the proceedings in New Hampshire were void; they ,were all contrary to the law of the state. If the land laid -there, the deed would bo declared -void,
One-view is, to be taken of this' question, which is not to. be .lost sight 9f. -The laws of -the New England states make.lafids subject to debts. What is the nature of this liability 1, Where'is thb"title of the land, until it shall -be known that it will be wanted for the. payment of debts '. It
isin the heir or the devisee, and the personal representative has i othing but -apower to sell it for. the payment of debts.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Wilkinson vi.Leland and others.].
Ire has a power iosell only on t'he arrival of certain events; and he who is to exercise that power, must show that-those events have arisen.
This p6wer does not exist until the event happens to make it necessary to sell the land..
Every. principle of law requires that when this power-is exercised, it shall be'proved that the case exists to require its employment.
The cases decided- ip the coftrts 9f Massachusetts upon the statute of that state, which. is like the statute of New Hampshire, show,*th~tt the: party claiming under a deed for lands.sold for the payment of debts, must show that the event on which the powe.r to sell'depended had occurred.
By the law.o of New-Hampshlre the heirs are always to have notice when the'estate is to be sold. They also require an inventory of the estate and an order to sell ;- in this case there was nothing of that kind; there was only' a license to sell without any other proceedings. No account was filed in New Hampshire .which took any notice of the debts or prbperty in Rhode Island. -Cases cited, 11 ,Mas.s.51112 Mass. 503. .6 Mass, 149. 3JMass. 259. 1 Mlass. 40, 46. -
It will be seen, from the record, that the will was proved in March, and the license to sell. was granted in July, without an inventory and. account being made out. The cases cited show, that the judge of probate has no.jurisdiction unless it appear that there was occasion to .sell. It is contended" that if the proceedings "in New .Hampshire could give no authority there, they could give, none in the state of Rhode Island.
-There were no proceedings- in Rhode Island except the fiat of the legislature. It is not pretended that thefe werd any proceedings in Rhode Island -required by the* laws of New Hampshire.
' Then the first- proposition is, that the deed from Cynthia Jenckes to Brown and Wilkinsin *as a nullity. It created no right-in law orequiiy. It was.as the act of a'stranger, - to grant land- which did not belong tohim.

644

SUPREME COURT.

[Wilkinson vs.,Lelan dand others.]
This fcllows, because, 1st, the deed would have been void
in New Hampshire.2d. Because proceedings to divest rights to land; must be
accordinig to -thelaw 6f the -land. It is contended that the powers of t66 legislature of Rhode
Isiand are uhlimited and unrestrained, that they transcend all the powers of the -other branches of the government. It is not sufficient: to, slow'that ,the power to divest.this property vNould be limited in England, for. the powers of the legislature of Rhode Island -are beyond those of the English parliament. It would be well to consider how Rhode Island car be a member of this union, with'such.a form of government as is asserted-,to ekist thee. By- the constitution.of the United States, every state must be a republic, every state -must have a judiciary, legislature and executive, or it is has no constitution.
It is said that Rhode Island has no constitution; that she has grown up without a constitution. If her government hai no form; it cannot.be a republic, arid, has -no right to 'come into t1e unit But it will be found that Rhode Island has a constitution. The charter of Charles -. contains all the lrovisions for the organization of a govern.ment with legis]ative, judicial and executive branbhes. It. declares that courts of justice shall be estiblished, and thus to them is given the exercise of judicial functions. The legislature is established by the same.chhrter, and its functions cannotbe judicial. The powers of a court and.of alegislature.cannot be. blended; nor are. th ey, properly under the charter refer-
red to. ifthe legislature of Rhode Island has julicial povers, why ,
does not a writ of error lie frem this Court to its judgmnts ." Weits of error go froim: this Court to the highest judicature of the states; but it is not denied that Rhode Island has courts of judicature separate from the legislature; taking c6gnizance of all cases for judicial decision. The legislature therefore in assuming the powers of a Eourt, which was done ,when they authorized the sale of the land for the paymentof the debts, did -what- even under the Rhode Island . constitution, they could not do.

JAIUARY -TERM 1829..
[Wilkinsor tfs. Leland and others.]
A long jlist of instances of legislative int'rference has been exhibited by the counsel for the appellees. -Some of these cases prove too much. Authority is given'in one of them to sell lands in-New Hampshire.
It is necessary for the plaintiffs -in error to shqw that the power has been exerciged against the bill, in invitum. 'arlidmerit, in England, -never proceeds' upon -any private bill, without notice toall the parties-; and.there is no case in.which parliament exercises its authority to dispose of land, without the consent, in .writing, of every one who is interested.
The consent of the heirs of Jonathan Jenckes is not recited in the act of the lpgislature of Rhode Island. To establish a usage for .legislation ofihis'kid, it should be shown, thai therehave.been'a series og ptceedings against the will o.. parties interested, and-without notice.
There is but one ofthe 6ses referred to, in which the legislature of Rhode Island has undertaken to act in reference'to private rights, which shows that they havegiven authority to sell lands out ofjthe state. The power must be exercied legislatively, orjudicially. Is-.tie resolution of' 1792'an act, or a decree . Is it.adecree of a probate court !:,If it is, -then* itshould be shown that the parties were before the court, or that notice was given.to them.
It is irnraterial which it is. The case -will always be, that the devisees .o-f Jonathan Jendkes had this land until the deed; and that .deed is, by th.e counsel of the. plaiitiffs, admitted to be void.. -It remained, therefore, with the heirs, until the resolution or act of the legislature.-
:Even taking the land to be public domain, the deed Would not pajssit.. 'It is'not operative. .It contains no.terms of grant, or language of transfer.
-The resolution only establishesthe deed in its form. There are no words giving, granting, vesting; or divesting-of the estate; all that is done is to ratify and confirim-the deed:. If the confirmation contained words, of grant, it would -,nurd as a grant ; but this isn.ot the fact.
If the preceding act, that-of making the deed for the land to Brown &-Wilkinson, was vdid, there are no words in'the law to give it validity.

646-

"'SUPREME COURT.

[Wilkinson vs. Leland.and othedr.]
From Bracton'down, it has been lawv, that a.£onfimation cannot help a vQid deed. 2 Tkomas''Cok , 516. Gilbert on Teiures, 75. 78.
If there is no precedent 6state, the confirmation is void. 4 Danv. dbrid. 410. There -is no case where confirming words go further than to apply to the thing itself,
The deed was a' nullity ; to confirm it in its -then stat , was to keep it such. At that'moment it was'void; to confirm it was to render it void permanently.
It is as if A. a creditor of B. should go to the legislature and ask that B.'s property be transferred to him, without a trial. It is a condemnation without a hearing, a'confiscation of property in time of peace. There is no case in -whict such legislative proceedings have stood the test ofthis Court. It-is a. case.where land was vested, in'- those who claim, it, and has been taken fiorn them. There was no application to the legislature of Rhode -Island by the creditors; no evidence that the interference of the legislature Was- claimed by them: What then are the facts of the case l The landsdescended' to the heirs of Jonathan- Jenckes. The heirs. were in New Hampshire. No creditors applied for the aid of.the legislapire. -Therd was no notice to'the heirs. -The deed' of the etecutrix was' entirely void; and there is no pretence for'saying, that the interests of the heirs were jn any manner .regarded in the course of the proceedings. Under these factg the law was passed;. and whatever words were used, it4;quld not have any effect, for want of power in the body which enacted it.
This is a private act; and upon every principle and rule of legislative proceedings, all-the parties to be affected by -it, should have had notice, and should have consented to it. This -is the course of le4slation in, the British parlianent. 3 Bla&k. Com. 345.
It is of no impbrtance.to the question before the Court, whether there are restrictions or limitations, to the power of the legislature of Rhode Island, imposed bythe constitution. iJf at this period' there is not a general restraint on legisla-tures, in favour of private rights, there is *an end to private properry.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

647

[Wilkinson vs. Leland and others.3
Though there may be no prohibition in the constitution, the legislature is restrained fr6m committing flagrant acts, from acts subverting the g-reat principles of republican 'liberty, and of the social compact.; such as giying -theprqperty of A. to B. . Cited 2 Johns. 248 ; 9 Dall. 386 ; 1-' Wheato 303; 7"Tohns. 93; 8 Johns. 511.
In this case it may be considered that the legislatbre'-ve the act, but they did not guaranty its validity. They gave -it because it.was asked for, but subject to all-exceptions. They put it in the power of the persons who were interested in its operation, to make it valid by obtaining the assent' of the devisees, and of doing 'all other acts which were necessary to give .it validity.
It is said, that were the state of Rhode Island under the restrictions, of a written constitution., like other states, the' power to pass quch a law might not exist; but there ihe legislature 'acts by the overeign authority of the people; who may build up .and destroy. This is denied. Rhode Island must be a republican state, and the government'must
be divided ,into departments; and' must be a government of laws. These.departments may exist, although the same body bxerciges the functions of both.' This is done in'New York. But wbere a legislature acts -judicially, it proceeds according 'to the forms, and upon the principles-which regulate courts. In this case, the legislature acted legislatively. The language is, Resolved: judicial tribunals dieeez adjudge.
As to 'he ptec'edents which have, been referred to, from the- proceedings. of-the legislature of Rhode Island, it may be well obs'erved, -that the same irregularities will be found in the early pxoceedings of the governments oflhl the states, before the principles of government were'understood or applied. The.answer to them is, -that the rights of property were.not then'well understood.
Or if we consider the words operating not on the' instrument, but on the title; if they had been, ".confirm and ratify the title set forth, ifiithe deed ;" still it passes no title . Ther'e was nothing in iha grantees to confirm. Confirmation; -to enable it to operate, requires privity:

SUPREME C.OUgT.
[Wilkinson vs. Leland and others.]
Where was te. feb in *he 'properi' from November 1791 until 1792 9' It Was with the heirsi and from them it cbuld nt be taken but' by a'cohrse of. judicial proceeding... The legislature,- by no form of.wvords, 6ould have divested the land out of the heirs, and vested it in ,the purchasers.
The gene ra ground assumed by 'th defendants in error is,-. that the act of the legislature is -inoperative, because it does"not. divest their rights ;'xfor thd lgislatureof',Rhode Island had no. right to- pass-such a law. The law itself is intended ds aremedy, and was no more. "Its.purport is to establish 'a ale jmade. for the payrpnt -of debts, and its terms imp6rt no niore.
It is said, that no'interest .in the -land existed in the .devisees-of Jonathan "Jenckes, because .they took'the estate loaded-with the debts ofthe' devisor.: T,his inference is .n.correct.; that-their'esiate might be :made subject to these d.b'ts, did hot pievent its vesting in the cai(.mauts, and those under whom they niake title. It is agreed that-this. estate might betdivested ; but only by judicial *proceedings. The argument is,that thd'.propert - 6ould., not be"-taken away, .without proceedings of a judicialOehaihcter,
It is. said, "thestalute-gave a remedy because the creditors had-a right to be paid 'out of the estatei ; and -that thiswas an interference for theii-benefit. 'If it had been'a proceeding, to'bring right' into adjudication,it would be so; -but in.. this case the rights of the cfevigees-were adverse to those of the-execut6is, and to the claims of the creditors.
Mr Wirt, in reply. It is a matter of surprise how the'strongest minds will err when - they look- through -the .misX of 'preju~tice. Nothing more has been done- in this. caie than is done'by the courts of probate in Vermont and Massachitsetts. . What is the monster'that .the: gentleman has created ! It is that the legislature has ailthorized an executrix to' sell lands for thepayment ofdebts, "This.is the'very'head and front of'their offending 4 ' It was.,a mere act-of common -justice, due and performed i4t the course. of' justice' in all tfid- states of -the union. The facts of the case may he brieffy stated, from the

JA

Y TERM 129.

64,9 *

[Wilkinsonvs. Lelind ard others.]
bill.of exceptions. -Jonathan Jnckes diedcEin 1:787, seised of the..lands, subject to a life estate to: Lydia his sister. That estatewas -devised to his daughter, subject to the life estate. Cynthia Jenckes, his wife, was executrix, and qualified. At the time of his death. there were debts which absorbed. all.. his personal estate, and ultimately all his' real eftatp but a small pQrtion. The judge of probate, after examination, gave a license to.sell tle real estate. -Itwas sold by the executrix tO those under whom the plaintiff in error claiihs, the sale to be confirmed by an act of the legislature. of Rh6deIsland where the lands laid.' The.legislature passed .acon-. firming act, and the purchase money,was paid, and the debts of Jonathan Jenckes were digcharged."
The purchase was made ofi the faith of the law of Rhode Island; the money paid upn .thefai.th of that law; and all this was done, thirty-four years before the ejpctment vas -brought in-the circuit court.of Rhode Island. In the mean time Qther.bnna fide purchasers have becme :possessed of the land:'and who come fo-ward how tb claim it '.-noio6ther' bona fide purchasers; but the heir of Jonathan Jenckes. "The attempt here ist,o make the lands fulfil two purpos'ss, 1. 'The payment of. the debts of.their.father by.tie sale;* and 2. Then to recal that sale, that he lands aysu portt~e
heirs of the debtor. The'claim is against all the porify, and the. course of proceeding in New England."
The 'ease comes here under'a pr.o formi judgment of the. circuit court. The'inquiry is, whether.the.Court erred in giving the instructions asked for; in saying that the couiveyance and proceedings, by which the title was'.intended to be vested in the purchasers, dil nut "divest tAe. legal estate of the heirs of Jonathan Jenckes.
In Massachusdtts and Rhode Island eall the estate real and personal of the deceased is subject to the payment of debts. All the statutes of the northern states,.although they varyin detail, contain this principle. Bigelow's Digest,. 350. 4 Mass, 254. 18 Mass. 157. 4 .Mass. 654. 3 Mass. 258. 1 Jlass. 340.
By a reference to these authorities, itwill appear that in
order to justify a. license to sell in 'eithe'r of those states,
VOL.. IL.-4 G

650

SUPREME COURT.

(Wilkinson.is. 'Lelanc and others.]
nothing mpre-is- necessary but io satisfy-the judge that the personal estate is not sufficienlt to discharge the debts of the *deceased, No form of proceeding-is required. It is done ..by presenting the account of the debts and, personal estate, and the judge then gives the license.
Objections have been- made by the counsel for th defendants in errfr, to The proceedings in New.Hampshire. -it is siid they weie a nuUi'ty; that they were irregularly granted." This is-denied, and no authorities haie been shown in support of the objectifns. .' It.has been urgdd that notice should.have been givento--the heirs. There'has been no case cited in Massachus'tts which looks to the necessity of notice -to the .heirs of the application for a license'to the -judge of priobate:
The regulqrity of the peoreedings is to be presumed, after so- long a lapse of time. If notice is -required; if evidence .different from -that which' is shown to have been exhibited before the.judge'-of probate was iiecessary; it is, and-rught to be consid'red that, it.was. furnished.
In legal-eontemplation, boih th6 real and personal estate of a deceased: person, go intg" the. hands of the-executor for the payment of.debt§.." 4.Mass. 354. 18 Mass. 157.. Exe', cutos have no -right'to take. possession. pf-.the' lands, but it is often done with the approbation 6f courts. -
To.Ehow.hoq6mpletely~laids are in .thehands of executors, where a.judgmenf is obtained , against executors forthe debt pf the testotor, the plaintiffmniy issue his execuffon
against the 'lands, in the -hands,of the heir.' 3 ,Mass. 258. , It is true the title-descends -to the- heir, but it descends .subject to the .debts. The heir takes :thelands liable to their being taken 'from-him when. the debts require it; without pro*eeding8 against him, and without notice to him.- .Bigelow'-s Dig. 355.: Nor is it only in the hands ofthe heir they are thus liable, they continue ko"when they have passed lo his alicn ee.
Such it the law .ofvested e~tates, With which it-is said-the legislature has interfered. - The estate upon. which thi law, -operated, was held by the Iieirs;'subject.to, the exercise of the very power by which ii was. taken from .ihe heir.'

*'JANUAPY TERM I8-9.

.651.

[WiMinson vs..Leland and others.]
The law of New Hampshire is the samq as that of Massachusetts. In New Hampshire, 'the proper tribunal to autho-. rise the sale of the land was. applied to; and-thus the acts done by the.executrix were those which the testat'r, who directed a sale of his real estate for the paymentof his debts-
authorized her to do. But if these proceedings weie irregular,'it would not af--
fect the case. It is not meant to contend that the license.to sell, given by the judge in New "Hampsh'ire, authorized the sale in Connecticut. What was the p.ower of the executrix under the will !. A an executrix,. she had the power'to do all and every thing an"egecutrix could do by law.- In somae. of the ptates, execumtors who have beepi qualified'in one siate,. .can act in all. This is thie law ofPennsylvania, and of North Carolina, and of Mississippi.. Under the will of her husband; Cynthia Jenckes could do any thing in Rhode. Island, which she could do in'New Hampshire. She entered Rhode Island as the. regular agent,'to pay the debts due by the testator. The probate of the will only was necessary. Ili this character she made 'a sale of a portion- of the estate, having, no* authority to do so; this is admitted. In order to induce'the purchase, she gave her bond, by which'it was stipulated that she would obtain an act of the legislature to make the sale valid, and this was done. Thus the principles of the laws of Rhode Island -were applied, and the estaie became the
mehnsbf discharging .the debts of the testator.. By a comparison of -the acts -ofthe courts of other-states,
w.e shall see how far the'actof Rhode Island exceeded the -powers* exercised by them. It is said that' this is a 'case of a trial without notice; a confi'scation In no-case where .proceedings against 6xecutors are. resorted toi for the pur-, pose of making lands a fund to pay debts, is notice given to heirs,-.not in the c.ourts- of other states,-but.in the court of ·pr6bateinRhode -hsaiid, or New-Hampshire. The'reproaches-
which: havi..been. cast UlOi the acts of Cynthia Jenckes, apply,- ther~fore,, with.equal- right -to all proceedings of this description; -nor isthere an.y. reason, whr n'bti'e should be g.ven to the heirs; they fakettheestateas 'has beea stated,
subject to the debts of ihianrestor.

·SUPREME COURT.
[Wilkinson is; Lelandrndtothiers.]
It has been said that in the pi6eedings there was frgudj that the iegislature were deceived. This is denied: bit if it were §o, would this Court set aide the -law; the remedy instich a case would be 'by ai- application t6 the sovereign who- had been deceived;
"The legislature phssed the law for the purpose of giving validity to an. act; which-alt knew without: it would not pass the estate.
The petiti9n of Cynthia Jenekes was not that they should ratify:the deed, but the sale.; that is, thpat the 'sale'should be effec.tual to convey the estate"of.the testator.*
-Who is -the.sovereign that can give validity to measures which'are intendedto pass the title-to lands within the state ?. -is'itn~ot thg.legislaiure of.the .state, and are not its" acts ef-.. fectualtodo this, unless"they come in contact with the great pIineiples'of the social'compact . 'What power.has this C4ouitvto say 'this deed-shall not-pass twe estate . With which of.theprineiplei of-the constitution of the United Sthtes i, it in t oriflict 9.Where is' the piovisio'ni which it oppbses ..Ii is not an exl.pst facto law. 'The prohibition in ,the constitution in referenc. to ex post"fect9 laws applies' to criminal eniacfments. Is'it .a lhw which imlairs ihd obligation of a cbntiactJ Itt-affirms a contract. It is 'said to be'incompatible 'With a repulbicn.ngoveifn-en.
'It denied- thai legislative; 'executive. and judjcihl po*ers mustbein differet't- 'art4s' to constitute. a r .publican'form. of government. That' this'shQpld be so is a.grea't and im-portant 'iiciple,. but 'it is not a test of :republieah 'government:.. Ther is nothing which prohibits the. exercise of all the powers of goveinment by a legislaturi. If the guarantee of a reppblidan forniof government" by-the .tnited States was violated by the. government of Jhode Island, w*y tad'. not the Uhifed -States'interfered I!
Tho charter of'the government of Rhode' Island is a ske leton; i.does -notf.orm the goavernment. It, is the-usageg of ,Rhode Island that co pose the constitution. -The people
say their iegislature shall have certain powers, a-ac be unlimited; this ig.theiefo'r6 the form of government with which they are satistiea., t,oliIisians may protest, and o'iators may

JANUARY TERM. 1829
[Wilkinsau Vs. Leland and others.]
declaim; but this does not affect the case. This Court will. not take*a.Vay from them what they have said they will have.
The references, which have .breen-made to the proeedings of the legislatuire, show thiat .it.ixercises all kinds of pow.er; -It is said thifs.is.a new -case; suppqse it is so,-is it necessary. to show the. aiuthority-fok the first law4 The authority is that '.of the people.'. The* legislature: a.ways. haa:acted as the emergency presented. - -Whom do they injure.1 They do not.. infringe their own constitution; "and when they do so, itis for the people of the state. to inteifere. .They.-do 'notiing which is. contrary to the consttution.of the eUnited'States
If .the legislature.of.Rhode'Islgnd possessdd.the-power to order a sale, why n ot haie powertq confirm-the sale? 'There is no exercise of a greater power hire..' A -court of pjobate might, notdo it, bt that court is limited in its powers. A subsequent- rati.fication' is equivalent tO a prior, authority.
It -is said that the staie:has. done what parliament could -not have done, Blackstone as been' refer'ed to, to show that 1'rivate act§ do not pass- vithout notice. Parliament Icuts the'kiot and.destroys cintracts,'and there forenotice is necessary-
,There is po violation ofcontract in*'this aci; the law oily .suppos6s an' omitted ciise-."aiid-gives. a'remedy where. the principles of law require it,
It is cbntended'that the'confirmation has no effect,because
it operates on a'void deed. A "reference&to authorities will show the err"ri of this assumption. 1 Roll, db. 483.. ".. RaqYM. 292. -297.
- Cannoi: liarlia~ent'confirm avoid deed'. They c'an do so,. and'the-right has never been questioned.
MrJustice-STony'delivered the opinion of-the Court. This is a writ of error to ihe circuit court .of the. district' of, Rhode .Island, in a case whe*r the- 'plaintiff in error was defendant in the court below.. The original action va's an ejectment,- in'the"nature of a 'real action, according to 'he local' practi.e, to secover a parcel of land- in North Providence -i.n that stat&. There were sdveial-pleas pleade'd of' ihe st tutp of limitations, uion ivhich A'is unnecessary' t

SUPREME COURT,-
-[Wilkinson vs. Leland and others.]
say a~y thing, as tile questions thereon have been waived at the bafr..' The cause was tried upon the general issue; and, by consent of the parties, a verdict wias.taken for the plaintiffs, and i bill of exceptions allowed upon a pro forma opinion "giVen by"the court in kavour of the plaintiffs, to enable the patties to bring the case.before this Court for a final detgrmination. The only "questidns"which have been discussed at the bar arise- under this bill of exceptions.
The facts are ·som6what domplicated in their details, but 'those, which are mateiial to the points before us" may be summed up in a few words.
The plaintiffs below are the heirs at law ofCynthia.Jen'ckes,to -whom her father, Jonathafi Jenckes, by his will in 1787, devised the demanded- pre.mises, in fee, subject to a life estate then in being, but.which dxpired in 1794. By his will,. Sonathan Jenckes, appointed his wife Cynthia, and one Arthur ,Fenner, executrix and executor. of his will. Fenner hever ucceptedthe appointment. At the tinie of his death Jonaihan Jdnckes lived' in New Hampshire, 'and aftei his death his widow, dtuly proved the will in the*proper court of probate. inthai state, and took upon herself the administration of the estate' as exectrtrix. -The estate was represented'insolvent, dd -commissioners were appointed in the usual manner to ascertain the amount of the debts.- The execu*trix, inJuly 1.790, obtained a license from the judge of probat, ihNgw'Hampshire; to:sell so much of the real estate of(the.testat6r, as, together with"his personal esiate, would -be sufficient to .pay his ·debts and'incidental charges.' The will was never -proved, 'or administration takeni out inany probate.c~urt of Rhode Island. - But.the executrix, in No-· vember. 1791, sold 'tlie demanded premises to one Moses Brown and Oziel Wilkinson, iinderwhom the defendant here .claims, by -. deed, in which she recites her authority tosell as aforesaid,' and purports to act as executrix in the sale. The purchasers, howevier, not being: satisfied with her -authority to- make the sale, -she entered into a covenant with thdm ori the same -day, by which'she bbund herself .to procure an act'of the loegislaturi of Rhode Island, ratifying and c64firming the -title.so granted; find, on'failure'thereof.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

655"

[Wilkihson vs. Leland and others.]'
to repay the- purchase nioney, &c. &c, She accordingly mde an.*pplication to-the legislature ofRhode, Island for this-purpose, stating the facts in her petition, and thereupon an act was passed by the legislature; at Jurie. session' 1 92, granting.the prayei"of-her petition and ritifying'the title. - The terms f-this act we shall -have occasion hereafter to c'nsrider. 16 Febrtary, 4I.792, she settled her administration account iiii. the prob.ate court- in New Hampshire, and' thereupon- the- balince-of 1 5 7. 7d. only remained in*her hands foi"distribution.
Such-are-.the material facts ; and thd questions disicussed - at the bar,.ultimately resolve themselves into-'the consideration of the.validity and effect of' the, it of -1792. - If that. act was constitutional, and its te ns, when properly con-' strued, amount t6-k legal confirmation of. thesale and- the proceedings .thereon,,then the plaintiff, is entitled to judg·ment, - and the" judgment bel6w was er'roneous. "-If otherwise, then the judgment ohghtto be aifirned.
It is wholly unnecessary to go into an exan'ination-of'the -
regularity.of the prgceedings-of the probate court in New Hampshire, and of the.order or license.there grhnted to the'
executrix .to sell the real e statd of-the testator.- That cause could.have no legal operation iji'Rhbde Island. The legi's. lative and judicirl authority of New-Haz'pshire were bouhd- .
ed by the .territbry bf that state, -and could iot-be rightfully exercised to.pass. estates lying in ahother .state. -The sale,. therefore,- made by the executrix to Moses Brown and Oziel
Wilkinsor, in'virtue, of the said license,, was. utterly void; and the deed given thereupon was; prQprio vigore, ifiopera-" tive to-pass any title of the testator to Einy laids described. therein, It was a mere nullity. "
Upon the death of the testatgr, his lands in Rhode Island, -f not devised, were cast by*descent upon his- heirs, accord-. ing to. the.laws of that state. If- devised,. they would pass to his devisees' according to the, legal initendment of-the
, words of the devise;- -But,.by the lIws of Rhode Island,-the,
proba'te of a Will ii the proper 'robate court is understoqd to be an -indispensable prelimina'ry. t6 establish the right-of
the devisee, and then his itle relates back to thle death -of

SUPREME COURT-
[Wilkinson vs. Leland and others.]
the testator. No probateof this will has.ever been made in any court of probate in Rhode Island ; but that objection - is not now ifisisted on; and. if it were, and the act of 1792 is to have any operation, it must be considered as dispensing with or superseding that ceremony.
The objections taken by the defendants, to this act, are, in the first place, that it is void as an act'of legislation, because it trainscends-the authority which the legislature of Rhode Island can rightfully exercise under its present form of government. And, ir the next place, that it is void as anact of confirmation,. because its terms are not such-as .to give validity to the sale and deed, so as to pass the title of the. testator, even if it were otherwise constitutional.
The first objection deserves grave consideration 'from its general importance, To all that has been said at the bar upon the danger, inconvenience and mischiefs of retrospectiVe legislation in general, and of acts of the character of the present in particular, this Court -has listened with 4ttention, and felt the fill force of the reasoning.- It is an exercise of power, which is of so summary a nature,, so.fraught with inconvenience, so liable to .disturb the security of titles; and to spring by surprise upon the innocent and un'wary, to their injury and sometimes to their ruin;" that a lgislature invested with the power, can scarcely be too. cautious or too abstemious in the exertion of it.
We must decide this objection,, however, not upon principles of public policy, but of power; a#id precisely as the state court of Rhode tIland itself ought.to decide it.
Rhode Island is the only state in the uriion which has not ,awritten constitution' of'government, containing its lindamental laws and institutions: Until' th6 revolution in 1776, it was gevernied by the charter granted -by Chlarles II. in the fifteenih-year of his reign. That charter, has ever since continued in its general provisiqns. to. regulate the exercise 'and distribution of the powers of government. It has never be-n foimally abrogated by the, people; and, except so far as it has been modified to meet the exigences ot. the revolution, may be considered ai now a fundamental law. By this charter the. power to make laws isgranted to the gepe-

JANUARY TERM- 1 2.

07

[Wilkinson vS. Leland and others.]
"ral assembly in 'ih most. ample"manner, "so as such laws,·&c. be not cofitrary an4" repixgnint unio, but as near as may. be agreeable to the laws,'&c.:of England, coifsidefi'ig 'the nature andconstitution of the place.and people there*" What is the 'trueextent of the power-tbus granted, must b ·open to. xlanation, as well by usage,.'as by constriuction -of-the terms,*in which it is given'. "In"a.govinment.professqingfo regard the -great rights of p'ets6nal" liberty and of property,. and which is required to. le'islateL in: subordirition to the general laws of E'ngland, it would not lightly be-presumed that.the greatprinciples bf-MagnO" Charta were to be: disreghrded, or tlat the.'estatei of its'.subjeetfs'wdre. liable to be taken aaavy without trial; ith outinoi a , and wii.bout offence. "Evenif such' uthorify could be deemedpo have been: confided . by.the cliar.t'r to the'general assembly of .hode Island,.ai an ex6rcise oftraiis'eidental..sover.ignty before'the revolutioli, it. can scarcely be imaginedthat tiat grbat event could have left the people ofthatstat.'subjected.t6 its .uncontrolld and ar-' bitrary bxerbise.- T6iat.g66nmentcan"sda'rcely be deemedto be -free, where&th'.rigfts of property.are left solely dePendent"up6n the will qf a legislative. bo!.y.without a'ny.xe.traint. Thefund.6nfal mnxnsofa free .goernt eht seem · to Tequiref thaV the-rights of p.ers.nal .iberty. and privrate propetty should be·.ieldi sacred. A..t 1eag t6 couri of ustice iit this country would. bb wairhited.in assuming,-thatth -power
to.violate and. disregard them; a power 'so repugnant-to the, common principle's cflustice and civil liberty,, luik-edd under any'general'grant CT legislative authority,'or :ough to be -implied from any:geneial, exprepsibns of the wilI of the peao-
'ple. 'The people ought iiot to be pjesumed to--part With. righis so .vital"to thefr security and well- being, wifiout very .strong and-'direet expresion'sW such ani tention'- in.Ter-
ret vs. Taylor, 9 Crar/6,43, itwa's -held by thi'C6urt;that a grant or. title:' tjands.;oie' made by the"legislaturk to any. person or corporatioii -isirr.evoeamble, ind .cannbt: be xe-asumed by any' subsequentlgislative''t·; and that iidiffereuit doctrizie is utteily.ificonsistent with thegr'eat and fundamenfal.principfe of arepublican government,and with the right of the cltizeins to the free enjoyment of their prpperty lqwfully
Vot. II.-:4 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Wilkinson vs. Lelaed and qthers.]
acquired.. We know of no case., in which a legislative act to transf6r the property of A.. to B." wiihbut his consent, has ever been' held a coistitutional exercise of legislative power in any state in the union. On the . contrary,.- it has bedn constantly resisted *as inconsistent with just principles, by every judicial tribunal in- which it .ias'been attempted to be enforded. -We are'nbt prepared theref6re'to admit'that-the p-eople-of Rhode island have ever delegated to their legislature the power to'divest the vested rights of property, -and transfer4hem without the assent'of the parties. The counsel for the plaihtiffs have. themselves admitted that they cannot contend for any such doctrine.
The question thedn arises whether the.act.of 1792 involves any sueh'exetciseofpowe. -It is admitted that the title of an heir by descent in'the-real estate of his ancestor, and of adevisee inan estate unconditionally d&visedto'him, is;upon the death of the party under whom he claimed, immediately devolved upon him, and lie acquires a .vested eftate. But thig, though true in a general-'sense, still leaves.his title encumbered with all the liens, which have been created'by the party in his life ime, or by the* law at his. decease. .'It is not .an uniqualified, though it- be a vested' i'nterest; and it* confers no title, except to what remains, after every such lieh is discharged. Ih. the piesent case, the devisee under th.will of Jonathanjenckes without doubt.took avested estate, in'fee in' the lands in Rhode -Island. But it'was an estate, still subject'to all the qualifications anf liens which the laws of that state 'annexed to those lands. It' is not sufficient to entitle the- heirs of the devisee now to recover, to establish the fact that theestate so v'ested has been divested; but that it 1ias been divested in .a man ner inconsistent'with the principles of law.
By the laws of Rhode Island, as indeed by the laws of the other New England states, (for the same general system pervades thpfm on this subject) the'real est'ate-of testators and intestates'stands chargea"le with the 'payment'of their debts, upgn a deficiency of assets of pe'rsonal estate. - The deficiency' being once ascertained in .'the probate court, a license is granted by-the proper.jutiicial tribunal, upon the

JANUARY TERM 1829
[Wilkinson vs. Lelahd and others.]
petition of the executor or administrator, to sell so much of
the real estate as may be necessary to pay the debts and in-ident'a chhrges.. The manner in which .the sale is made is
prescribed by.the general -laws. In Mas~achusetts 'and Rhod Island, the license to sell is granted, as matter of. course, without noticeto the heirs or devisees; upon the-mere production of proof from the probate court of the de'ficiency 6f personal-assets. And the purchaser at the'sale,-upon receiving a deed from the executor'or administrat)r, has a complete title; andis iii immediately under the deceased, and may ente, and recover-the possession of the estate, notWi'thstanding any inteimediate de-cents, sales," disseisins, or other -transfers bftitle or seisin. ' If therefore the whole real estate be -necessary.for- the-.payment of debts,.and the whole is-sold, the title of the heirs or deViseeg is,-:by the denera'l- operalio ns -of law: divested and superseded; and so, pro -tanto, ih'case of apartial sale:.
From thIs summary statement of th6 laws 6f Rhode Island, it is apparent, 'that the. deyised wide" whom the6'tpyesent plaintiffs claim, tok the land in-controversy, subject to the
-lien for .the -debts §f the testator. Her estate wa- adefeasibl.a' estate, liable to be. diVested upon a sale 6y the executrix, in the 6rdifiary course of law, for the.payfier-. 6f such, debts ;and- all- that-she could rightfully' laim, would-be the. residie bf the real .estate after suph debts' were fully satisfied.. In point of fract;.as it appears from the. evidence ijrthe case, more debts were due in Rhode Island than the Whole value "for wfiich all the -estate (here wa. sold; and there-is -othingto impeach the fairness ofth sdle. ".'he -'Orobate pf6peee
-ings-furilei's.how;- that the'estate Was'repiesented to be in:s61vent; and ifi fact, it approaehed, very near. to afi actual insolvenci. So- ih'at upon 'this posture- of the case, if. the dxeeutrix had proceede.d to obtain a license to s6l, atd. had sold*the estate according to the general -lawes of Rhdde-Is- land, the devisee and her heirs Wbuld have :been divested f their whole interest iitlie-estate, in a manner entirely corn""plete 4nd, uhexceptionable; --Th-Ly have- been 'divested df their formal-title in another manner, in -favour of creditors eiitited to- the eitate ; or rather, their -formal title has been made subservierrt to the paramount title- of the creditors.

SUPREME.CO-URT.
[Wilkinson vs. Leland and others.]
Sortie suggestions have been °thrown out at the bar, intimating a doubt whether the statutes of Rhode Island, giving to its courts authority t6.sell lands, for payment of debts, extended, i6 cases'vwhete the deceased was'not,,at the time of his death, an inhabitant of the state. It is believed that the practical 6onstructiov.,f these statutes has been .otherwise. But it is unnecessary. to.consider whether that practical construction be correct or not, inasmuch as the laws of Rhode. Island, in all cases, make the req estate of persons deceased. chargeable with their debfs, whether inhabitants or nit. If the authority to enforce sucha charge by a sale be not confided to any subordinate court, it must, if at all, be exercised :by the legislature itself. If it be'so confided, it still remains
to be shoVir, that. the legislature is precluded from a cdndirrent- exercise of power.
What then are the objections to thd act 6f 41,4921 . First, it is said that it divests vested'righits of property. 'But.it has been already shown that it divests nor sucW rights, except in' favour of existingliens5 of paramount obligation;'and that the estate was vestea in the devisee, eipressly subject to sudh rights. ,.Then again, itlis said.to be an act ofjudicial authorit,,which the legislattie was not c6mpetent to exer-. cise at'hall; 9r if it could exercis6 'it, it could be only after due'n6tice.to alf the 'parties'in,interest, and'a hearing, and decree. 'We do.'not think th'at the act -is-to*be considered as-ajudicial act; but'as an. exertise of legislation. It purports to .be a.legiilative'resolution,'.and not a decree: . As to notice, if it wiere-necessary, (-and it certainly would be :Wise And;cdnvenient to give notice, where' extraordircarylefforts' ofdl'egisliation ar6 iesortedt t6, which touch private' rights,) it might,well be presumed, after the,lapse of more than thirty yearsi and the 'acquiescence of the parties for the same period, that such notice was actually given. -But by -the;general laws of Rhode Island .upon..this sibject, no notice is required to be, or: isin practice, given, to-heirs or devisees, in cases of sales of this nature ; 'and it.would be strange, if-the legislature- might not do without notice the ,same act which it would delegate*authority to another to do without notice. If the'legislature'had authorised a fut.ire sale by the execu-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Wilkinson va. Leland and others.]
trix for .the payment of debts, it is not easy to perceive any sound objection to it. - There is-nothing in the nature ofthe act which requires that it should be perforrked by A judicial tribunal, or that it should be 'performed h~y a delegate, illstead of the legislature itself. It is remedial in its nature, to give effect to existing rights.
But it.is said that this isa retrospective act, which gives validity to a void. transaction. Admitting that it does'so, still it do'es~at follow that-it may".ot be within 'the !scop6
of tfhe legislative .uthbrity, ik. a government .like that of -Rhode Islahd, if itaoes not divest the. settled rights of property. A salb had already been made by the e .ecutrix under a void authority, but in entire good faith, (for it is not attemptr ed to be'impeached for fraud;) and. the proceeds, c.distituting p.fund f6or the payment of creditors, were ready to be distributed as soon as the sale vas made effectual to pass the title. It is but common justice to presume that thd legislature wagsatisfied that the sale was bbna fide,'and, for.the. full -value of the estate.' No credii-tors have eer attempted to disturb it. , The sale .thehiwas. ratified -by.the*legislature' not todestroy. existing rights, but toeffetuate them,.and in.a.manner beneficial to the parties. We cannot say that this is an:excess of legislative power ;.unleis we are prepare.d to say, that in a state-ot. having a writtein cofstitution, act. oflegisla-tion, having.a retr6spective operation, ar6 vdid-.as to all pe'r:. sons not 'ssenting thereto; even thougli they may be qfrof beneficial purposes, and to enfofce existing rights.--.:,We think that thiscannot be assumed .as a general principle, by courts of justi e. The present 'case is- not so strong 'in its. cireumstances as that'of Caldervs,. Bull,.3 Pall. Rep! 386,. or.Rice 6s. Parkman, 16 JMass. Rep. 226; ip both of Which. the resolies of the legislature were held to be copstitutionaL.
'JHitherto, the reasoning of the Court has proceeded uoon *the ground that the act of 1.792 was in its terms sufficient to give compldte.validity to the-sale and deed bf the executrix, so as to pass the testator's title. It .remains -to consider whether such is its liredicament in point.,of law.
For the purpose of giving a constructiQg, to the words of the 'act, we have' been referred to the "do,itt e .of confirma-

·662.

SUPREME COURT.

L[W.ldkiqOivs. Leland-and othem.j.
. tion at the *o06nmon law,'in deeds.betWeen wproirvdasteofpeardsoenesd. It is said thiat-tlie 'act uses 'the -appropriate of confirmation, "ratify and -confirm;"'and that 'i confirmati6n at the common law will not mrtke valid a'void.estate. or act, but 'only one which io v6idablb.- It is.in our judgmenht wholly unnecessary to enter upo'-l-aiy examination of this. doctrin-e of the comnon-law, som#,tf which is of great nic.ety and strictness;, b eause. the .present-'is,''not an acbetween' pr.ivate persons ihaving interests and- righti to be operated upon by the terms of their deed. This':is a legislative act, and is to be interpreted accor ding to the ineritioh of tie legislature, apparent upon its, face. ' Every -technical rule, as to .the construction "o force .6f particular terms, must yield to the clear expresAion of the para'mount will .of the legislatur.6: It cannot be doubted that'an Act of parliament may by terms of confirmation -make -valid- a void thing, if' such is. its jntent. -The ,cases .cited in Plowden, 399, 'in Comyn's Dig.' Confirmation, D.; and in 1Roll. ;bridg.585, are'-directly in' loi 't....The -only question'then is, what is the intent of the legislature in the act of 17921 Is it.merely. to.'confirm a void act, so as, to' leave it vbid, that is to confirig"it in its-infirmity!q or'ls it to give general validity'.and .efficacy to'he thing 'done . Wethink ihere ig no reasonable doubt of its real'object and infent. It was to bonfirm the sal made by the executrix, so as to pass thie title of her" testator' to the purchase'rs." The raye.r of the petition, as recited in tho, act,.was,'that the legislature would ".ratify and. confirm the sale afdresaid, "which.was made, by a deed
executed by 'the "exeoutrix, &e.' .The object was a ratification of.the. sae, and. not a mere ratificatiQri pf the -formal: -exectti6n of the..deed... The language of the act is "9n due consideration, whereof ii is enacted,.&c. that the prayerof the saidpi'titionerbe granted,and' that the deed-be,.and the same is iereby iatified .and confirmed, so far as respects..the
conveyane,of dny.eight r'inte'estin the estate .mentioned.
in said dee'd, which, belonged t'o the said-Jonathan 'enckes at thie time of'his decease.' It purports therefore to grant the prayer,, which asks a confirmation of'-'he sale, and con-.
firms. the deed; as a conveyance. f the right.and interest of

JANUARY TERM 1829.

663

[Wilkinson vs.'Leland and others.]
the testator. It is not an act of confirmation by the owner of the estate; but an act of confirmation of the sale and conveyance,,by the legislature in its sovereign capacity.
We are. therefore all of opinion- that the judgment of the circuit' court ought.to be.-reversed,.and that the cause be, remanded with directions Io the .court to award a venire facias de novo.

JANUARY TERM 1829.-

449

* PLOWDEN VESTON' AND OTHERS, PLAINTVFXS IN

vWs.RRTOHRE

CITi COUNCIL oF CHARLESTON, DEF.NDANr .

A tax imposed by a law of any state of the United States, or under the authority' of sukh a law, on stock issued for loans made to-the United.States, is uncon-
*- stl;,al_
The power of this Court to revise the judgments of.state tribunals, depends on the'25th section 6f the judiciary act. That' seceien enacts "that a final judg. ment or decree in any suit in the highest court-of law or equity of a state, in which a decision in the suit could be had," where is drawn in question'the vaidltyo'.a statute, or of an auilhority exercised-under any state; on the'ground of their being repugnant to the constitution, treaties or laws of the United States, and the decision is in favour of their validity, "may be re-bxamined, and reverse,. or affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United States." [463]
The city council of Charleston, exercising an authority under the'state of So'uth Carolina, enacted an ordinance, by which a tax was imposed on the sit and sever; per cent. dock of the United States; and in the court of common pleas of.the Charleston distridt, an application was mide for a prohibition to restrain thern from levying, the tax, bn the ground that the ordinanceyiolated the constitutiofn of the United States. The pr6hibition was granted, and the proceedings in the dase were removed.to the constitutional court, the highest court of law of the state; and in that court it was held that the ordinance did not vjolate the constitution of the. United States, add a writ of error was "prosecuted os this decision to this Court. Held, that the questidn decided by the constitutional court, was the very question on which the revising power of this Court is to be exercised. [464]
A writ of error to this Court may~be prosecuted, where by the judgment of the highest court of the state of South Carolina a prohibition, issued in a state court, to prevent the levying of a tax which was imposed by a l]w repugnant to the constitution of the United States,.was refused on'the ground that the law was not so repugnant to the constitution. [464] . .
The term suit is certainly a very comprehensive one, and is understood to.apply to any 'proceeding in a court of justice, in which an individual pursues that remedy in a court ofjustice v .hich the law affords him. [464)
The ivords" final judgmnent," in the 25th section of the judiciary act, -must be understood in thr section under consideration as applying to all judgments and decrees which determine the particular ca'use;.and it is not required that such judgments-shall finilly decide upon the rights whidh are litigated, that the same shall be within puiview of the section. [464]'
It is not the want of original power in an-independent sovereign.state to prohibit loans to a foreign government, which restrains the state legislature from direct opposition to those made by the United States. The restraint is imposed by our constitution The American people have conferred the power of borrowing money. on (he government, and by making that government supreme, have shielded its action in the exercise of that power, from the'action of the local governments. The grant of the power, and the declaration of supremacy, is a declaration that no such distraining or controlling power sha!; Ie exercised. [468]
Vop,. II.-3'G

450

SUPR EME. COURT.

(Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.].
THIS was a writ of error to the constitutional court of South Carolina;
On the 20th of-February 1823,-the city council of Charleston passed "an ordinance to raise supplies for the use of the
city of Charleston, for the year 1823." The ordinance provides "that the following species of property, owned and possessed within'the limits of the city of Charleston, thall be subject t6 taxation in'the manner, and at the rate, arnd conformably to the provisions hereinafter specified; that is to say, all personal estate, consisting of bonds, notes, insurance .stock, six'and seven per cent. stock of the United States, or other obligations upon which interest has been or will be received during the year, over and above the interest which has been paid, (funded stock'of this state, and stock of the incorporated banks of this state- and the 'United States bank excepted) twenty-five cenits upon every hundred doilars."
In the court of common pleas for tihe Chareston district, the plaintiffs in error, in May' 1823, filed a suggestion for a prohibition, as owners of Utited States stock, against the city council of Charleston, to- restrain them froth levying under the ordinances, on six and seven per cent. stock of the United States and the tax imposed under the ordinance; on the ground that the ordinance, so far as it' imposes a tax .on 'the stock of the United States is contrary to'the constitution of the Unite d'States ,
The prohibition having been granted, the city council applied to the constitutional court, the highest court of law in the state,- to reverse ihe order, on the ground that the ordinance was not repugnant to the constitution of the United 'States; and the proceedings in the case having been remov-. ed.to the said- court, thd said court in May. term 1823, by a majority of their judges (four being in favour of the constitutionality of-the ordinance, and three against it), decided .that-thqe said ordinance did not violate the constitution of -the United States, in imposing a tax' upon the holders. of United States stock. From' this *decision -the relttors appealed. by writ of error to the Supreme Court of.the United States.
The' error assigned in this Court was; that.th'e'judgment

JANUARY TERM 1829.

4-1-

[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.)
of the constitutional court was erroneous, in that it decided the ordinance of thd city couincil of Charleston not to be repugnant to the congtitutioi of the United States.
The case was argued by Mr Hayne, for the plaintiM'-in error; and by Mr Crbger and Mr Legare, for the defendants..

The counsel for plaintiffs in error submitted, tnat if the course of proceeding adopted by the plaintiffs in error was not approved of, by 'requiring a prohibition in the court of common pleas, aid on the decision of the constitutional court being against themby taking the writ of error, some
ther mode would be employed. , It was the "wish of all the pi-ties to have the decision of this Court on the question involved in the case; and a ready and entire a-quidscence would be yielded to the judgment of the Court by all who were interested. It was submitted to the Co9re, that.tfor the purp6ses of justice, the Court would give an opinion upon the matter'.assigned for error; and if the form in which tle case.had been brought up was not proper, the judgment of the Court-would be'equally opeative, and would be yielded to by the parties, plaintiffs and defendants in- error.
The. subject in contrqversy is one of proper cognizance for this Court.. It involves a most i#uportant constitutional. question the right of the states, or of state authorities, to tax the funded debt of the.United States.
The subject matter of the ease belongs to this. Court. The soundest rule that can Le adopted is, that when the matter in question belongs to -the jurisdiction of the federal courts,' a lileral construction in favour ofthe p-wers of the cburt over it, should be given.
The question in this case 'concerns the vital means of the nation; and the power claimd to be exercised under the ordinance, would interfere wiih those means on emerge., ies-
of the deepest interest. It is'a constitutional' question; and *assuch is. peculiarly undbr the-guardianship of this Court.
The writ of error is to the highest tribunal'of the state of South Carolina';. and the decision of that court has been in favour of the constitutionality of the ordinance; thus bring.,

.452

SUPREME COURT.

[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Cbarlestop.J
.ing thd case, fully within the 25th gection of the judiciary
act. Let this Court certify its opinion, and the controversywill be -at an end.
On more occasions than one, when the Court has felt some 'embarrassment as to its jurisdiction, it has expressed an opinion upon important questions; and when the general good required a decision.- United States vs. Xirkpatrick, 9 Wheaton, 720.
2. The act of congress organizing. the courts of the United States, authorizes this Court-to form and'Inould its process, so as to enforce and carry into effect the objects and purposes for which the fedfal courts were established. It is conceived that the-writ of prohibition is a mode of exercising jurisdiction which is essential to those purposes. There is a strong analogy between- the prohibition asked in this case, and ihose issued to district- courts under the law. But if the writ of plrohibition may not be adopted, and the Court should decide this case in favour of the'-plaintiffs in error, the case .may be remanded to the court of common pleas for the Charleston district; and should that court re-: fuse to proceed as required, the supreme court may itself enforce its judgment.
Upon the. general question, the counsel- for the plaintif in error argued, that the ordinance does not impose a tax on all public funds, but specifically on the six.and seven per cent. stock of the United States. Thus there are selected, as the particular object of taxation, those-debts of the government of the United'States ; and the sum the government has stipulated to pay for the 1aii is diminished to the extent of the tax. The contract of the general government is invaded, and ifs credit impaired. Its competency to negotiate loans may-be destroyed by the admission of this _power of taxation. ,There are two sources o'revenue which are essentially the right of the general government. That
ffimposing duties, and that of, borrowing money on the credit of the nation. The safety of the whole, depends upon the free and undisturbed exercise of these powers.
In peace, 'the first is necessary to revenue ; in war, the se-

JANUARY. TERM 1829.

453.

[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
cond is vital to defence and success.. If these powers and rights-are not guarded: arid preserved, the functions and purposes of the union will be suspended and destroyed.
There is no Warrant for, this tax, to be derived from the opinion of this Court intife case ofM'Cullough vs-. The"State 6f Maryland, 4 Wheaten, 316.. The Court, at the close of the opinion delivered in that case., sanction a tax Qon\pro-
perty heldby citizens of Marylapd ii -the Bank of the Ulited States, in commbn -with other property throughout the state;, but they say expressly, that "- particular tax updn th." eration'of an instrument employed by the government td carry its powers into execution, is void."
-Mr Hayne presented, as a part of his argument, the opinion of Mr Justice Huger in the tonstitutional court; who with Nott'ahd -Bay, justices, dissented from the opinion of the majority of the court(a)"

(a) ITuger,.T. dissenente.-,This.*asan application fora prohibition to restrain the treasurer of the city of Charleston from levying a tax, imposed by a city ordinance, on six and seven per cent. stock of the United States. The words of the ordinance are: All personal estate, consisting of bonds, notes, &c. six and seven per cent. stock of the 'United States, or other obligations, upon which in-
"terest has been or will 4e received during the year, over and above the interest which has-been paid, (except, &c. &c.) twenty-five cents on every $100. The prohibition was ordered. A motion is now submitted for the reversal. of that order. I'sm unwilling,- on so important a questioii merely to express my dissent from the judgment of the court. It is now for the first time agitated, and ought to be fully discussed, that it "might 'fte better understood. It affects. thre use of a power, as essential to the genera! government in periods of difficulty and
dinger, as any other which the people have delegated to it. 'If the city council of Charleston can tax the stock of the United States, eo nomine, the states can; and if the states can, it is.impossible not to perceive that the iscal operations of the.gefieral government may be completely frustrated by th6 statds. It will bd in vain for congress to pass acts authorising the secretary of the treasury to borrow money, if the holders of their stock can be taxed for having done so by the states. Congress may offer ten per cent. for loans, but who wilt lend, if the states can appropriate the whole to their own use ,Whether the states will do so or not may be problematical, but if they can do so, the risk of their doing so must be covered by the term's on"which the loans wilt be made. - There is but one substantial security for the proper administration "ofour governments, the immediate responsibility of the administratori thereof to the people. If, however, the people have or feel no interest'in the lmeasures of a governmentits administra-
tors are only nominally vesponsible; they will only be checked where they act inderogation of what is understood. or felt to be the interest of their constituents.
Reinote Interests are not seen by thebetter informed, and they always must pre-

I'M

SUPREME COURT.

[Weston and othersovs. The City Council of Charleston.]
Mr Cruger and. Mr Legare, for the defendants in error, -ontended that a Airit of error could not be sustained on proceedings in prohibitipn.

gent grounds for muchr difference of opinion, even among the best informed. It isnot a sufficient guard,to the powers of the general government, that the con, stituents of the administrators of the state governments have a remote interest in the preservation of those powers, or in an unembarrassed exercise of them by the
general government. They must not be seen, or may not be understood, and the very case before us, presents a full illustration of the truth. No government, not reyolutionary, has ever atterppted to tax its own stock, and among others, far two very satisfactory reasons. 1.Because such a tax must necessarily operate injuriously upon all future loans ; and 2. Because there is in fact a violation of contract in so doipg, and therefore immoral and impolitic. Under the influence of these reasons, the legislature of-this state has refused, to tax the stock of the
United States -but it ,appears, that the city council of Charleston have thought differently, and have taxed it. .There are, however, some very obvious, reasons why the council of Charleston should be less dispoed to impose such a.tax than the legislature. In the first place the city of Charleston being commercial,is' more within the influence of the policy of the general government than the legislature: if, therefore, the ebuncil of the city can believe it pqlitie and just to taX the stock of the United States, can it be thought improbablethat the legislature may, do so? , If they can do so at all, they may do so to any extent; it, is equally within theit power to tax twenty per cent. or one hundred pir cent. as ,one-half per cent. What shall govern their discretion, it is impossible to fore-' see. A state or a few states may concur in, a policy at variance with that of the government, nay-in hostility toit. This, unfortunately, has been already witnessed. They may, indeed, be indisposed to dissolve the union, and declare war; when they might have no objection to counteract congress, and control its measures by the exercise ofa powerstrictly constitutional, Seven-tenths of the stock of the United States, are owned in the cities of Roston, New York, Philade)phit, Batimore and Charleston.
The same causes which have concentrated the stock in-thesei cities, will, .in all probability, continue to operate, and the greater plrtof future loans will be effected there. Should, therefore, even so imall a portion of the United States as these cities, -unite in taxing stock to any considerable amount, the governme'nt may be defeated, and will.,certainly be impeded in its fiscal operations, to thei extent of any tax imposed. It may be supposed; that these cities would be checked in such proceedings by their state legislatures. Whether this could be done, must depend upon the constitutions of the states, and the -charters of the cities. It may not suit the prevailing policy of a state to interfere in such a cage, even if it possess the power. We know, from the charter of the city of Charleston, that the legislature of this state can interfere and repeal the ordinance in question;
this, however, has not been done, although they have refused to impose such a -tax themselves; and South Carolina is, has always been, and Ihope will ever cdntinue to be, as national as any other state in the unibn. It may be said, that admit all this to be true, it cannot affect the question before the court; who are alled upon to decide what the constitution is, and, not what it ought to be. The judicial branch'of the_ government most certainly does not possess the. power of

.NUARY TERM 1829.

455 ,

[Weston and others vs. The -City Council of.Charleston.]
Should the Stipremfe Court reverse the judgment below in this case, a mandate will' be directed to the infefior- state

legislating; much less, then, can they claim the power of making a constitutioh. But, in construing the constitutioni they must look to the objects it'professes to attain, and they cannot so as to defeat the very end and aim of its creation, nor can they make it inconsistint with itself, if it be possible to avoid it. The general powers of congress may be sufficiently designated in the constitution,,but the extent and ramifications of each power, it was not in the wisdoni of man to, fore-' see and precisely describe: How they are to operate and exhibit themselves, must depend upon the future contingent circumstances of the nation; and, as these must be forever varying, constitutional questions or doubts must arise, as,
long ji. the constitution shall exist. These are the certain and legitimate consequences cf a written constitution. The-numerous questions which the statute of frauds has given rise to, simple as wds its object, may.afford some intimation of. the number, which an ihstrument so complicAted and general in its objects as. the constitution-may be expected to produce. The great difficulty is, iot only in ascertaining and defining ihe powers which reiult from those whic are expressly given to the government; but, (as in tbis case, and in that of the bank of the Unitedl States), in determining the influence of these. on the powers of the different states. In the decision of such cases, there must, at least, be the sem,blani-e of legislation. I am not conscious of even a desire to.extend unneeessarily the powers of the judiciary ; the pursuits and habits of near twenty years, by far the better part of my life, have given at least to my feelingsa direction
decidedly~favourable to the legislative branch of the government; _when attached in fact, as I was in feeling,-to that branch, I could not but-discern the importance -of the judicial branch of the govemmeni,-and the necessity of leaving to its decisions all questions like the one before thie Court, though they savoured of legislation. I shall ceriainly not omit to do now-what I-foimerly regarded asincumbent upon the judiciary to perform. I shall now proceed to inquire-1st,Whether the taxcin question be an income tax. That it is not, appears very clearlyfrom the facts. of the case, as well as'from the terms of the ordinance. The stock of the state; thestock of the city; bank stock universally,,is well as the profits of, agriculture, enjoyed h, those who reside in the city, are not taxed ; nor does the. ordinance affect to regard it as an income tax. It is a tax upon the United States
stock,.eo nomine. As this is not a tax upon.income, it is unnecessary to inquire if the city council, or a state, have the powerto tax income, and include therein the interest received on United States stock. I shall, therefore, proceed to in-quire if the city council, or a state, have the power to tax the United States stock,2o nomine. "The first question presented by the inquiry is,.the meaning of the term United States- stock. It is, I apprehend, a credit on the government for so much money, on which they have agreed to pay a ce'rtain interest. He who has the credit is the holder, and the certificate is the Evidence of thd credit, and the terms on which the credit has been given. The power to create this credit is expressly given, by the 8th section, 1st article, of the, constitution of the United States: "congress shall have power to borrow money on the credit of the United States." The credit of the United States is the essence of the stock; without it the st6ck ii of no value. The credit of the United States is a creation of thegeheral government, which did not exist until they brought it into being; and, in the production of which, the state governments did.not par.

SUPLEME COURT.
[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
court. 3 Dall. 342. In the event of the state court declining or refusing to carry that mandate into effect, a ques-
ticipate. The state could not tax it before the constitution was formed, for it did not exist; if therefore they can tax it now, it must be by.some new power vested 'in them by that instrument; but there is no such power given : the credit of the United States cannot be~taxed by the states. It is colntended, that to deny the states a power to tax'money loaned to the general government, is to deprive them of a great resource without any adequate object., In the first place) I must observe, that if the states cannot tax the stock of the United States, the general.
govetnmen will be able 1 borrow on better terms, and in tis way the people of
the United States will be compensated forany incortvenience that might result from .the exemption of the stock from the taxation of the -state-governments. In ihe second place, I must repeat; thby have no cause 't complain, because it is a creation of the geieral government which the states did npt possess before its establishbient. But 6n this subject I cannot but think that a very erroneous opinion prevails. It appears to be thought thatfor every thousand dollars loaned to. the general government, so much taxable property his been withdrawn. from thestates. But this is certainly not so., Of the one hundred millions of dollars loaned to' the general government, during the late war, how Imtel of it remains with the government? Not one cent. Where then is it? Certainly in te states. If a certain number of individuals paid it into the treasury of the United States,the govdrnne.nt has returned it to individuals'living in the different states; and if liable to taxation at all, can now be taxed by the states. If the general gover'ment had been foreign to the state governments, or. had they hoarded it up, this objdecti6n might have bad some force ;but as fast as they got it, they'returi.-" ed it, and no means of theostatp governments were affected, but in increased difficulty of borrowiig money, owing td the competition of the general government. One of the great objects of the constitution was to render the general government independent of the state governments for those pecuniary means which are necessary to effect the great purpose for'which it was established : viz. to form a more perfect union, establish justice,-ensure domestic tranquillity, provide for the iommon defence, promote the general welfare, &c. &c. If, however, means -so essential in periods of distress and danger, as loatis, can be'controlled by the states, congress is yet essentially dependent upon the states. There is another objection to this tax. I regard it as a violation of the contract made with the holders of the United States stock. 'The people"of the United States, of ;viAonthe citizens of Charleston are a pait, have contracted tb pay so, much per centurn on the siock by their agents the general government. To authorise the citizens of Charleston to deduct a part from ihe interest agreed upon, they must possess the power of altering the contract, withoiit the'consent of the holders of the stock, which would be a 'iolation of the obligation of the contract. But the constitution expressly declares that thdy shall not violate theobligation ofcontract.
To recapitulate my objections to the tai, they'are: 1. Because a tax upon stock of the United States, eo nzomtne. is a tax upon the credit of the United States. . 2. Befcause the credit of- the United States was not a'subject for taxation by the states, anterior to the adoption of the constitution; the credit of the United States being a: result of the establishment of the government of the -United States; and the constitution has given no new powers to the state governments.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
LWeston and others vs. The City Council of Char.reton.]
tion will then arise as to the mode of proceeding to be adopted as a remedy. That a futile exercise of jurisdiction may not on this occasion take place, the difficulty ought to be anticipated; for if it be insurmountable, this tribunal will not, from self-respect, hold dognizance of the principal in; quiry involved in the present suit.
Unless the Supreme Court acts in this matter through th6 interventiop of the state tribunal, it must issue a prohibition. of itself, addressed to the tax collector individually. Should he disobey, it will then have to proceed against him for a contempt, and inflict a fine; and thus be thrown into a course of practice' unprecedented, and extremely inconvenient. That it will not award compulsory process, directed to a recusant state court, may safely be assumed, upon the strength, of.the reasoning in Martin vs. Hunter's lessee, 1 Wheaton, 362. If not from a regard to the sovereignty of a state in its last refuge of the judiciary, this resort will not be had at least, because it seems to be negatively precluded by the 25th section of the act of the 24th of September 1789. That. section provides for the Supreme Court's "proceeding to a final decision of the cause, and awarding execution thereini' if it has been once remanded before." Whether under these words, on the refusal of a state, court to fulfil its mandate, this Court has jurisdiction in prohibition so as to enable it to execute its own judgment, by inhibiting the Officers personally from collecting.the tax under consideration, if adjudged unconstitutional, must first be decided. If the power be wanting, nothing but an act of congress can supply the deficiency. The mode and forms of proceeding under the appellate authority of this -Court, are dependent upon the
. Because the objects of taxation by the state governments are not diminished by withholding from them the power oftaxing, stock of the United States; as the money borrowed by the United States is immediately, by disbu-sements, returned to the people of-the different states.
4. 'Because it renders the general government dependent upon the Oiscretion of the state governments, for one of its essential me'us in acco-nplishiag the purposes for which it was established, a result at variance with one of the prinair l objects of the c6nstitution, which was to render the general government irtdependent of the pecuniary aid of the state governments.
And lastly, because it is a violation of the obligation of contract.
VO'L. II.-3 H

SUPREME COURT.
[Weston and others us. The Cty Council of Charleston.]
acts of congress for their regulation. 6 Cra.307. Although the 14th section of the judiciary act gives to the courts of the United :States "power to issue all writs necessary for the exercise of-their respective jurisdictions, and agreeable to the principles and usages'of law ;" this general grant-is limited by the 25th- section, in the particular -instance of -writsof error froni final judgments of state courts to "awarding exeeutions.'" No congtruction of these words consistent with technical accuracy, will 6ring a prohibition within their meaning; and original jurisdiction will scarcely be assumed "to'adrnit the.procedure. I The power of .oiigress to incorporate a bank, or even to invade the territory of a state to establish its branches, canriot be controverted -after, the decisions in M'Cullough vs. Maryland,4 Wheat.316, and Osborne vs. United States Bank, 9 Wheat. .738 ; much less could their-right to raise .loans for *carrying on the o.pera.tions of government be drawn into question. On the other.hand it would be taken as conceded, that the righl of the states to impose taxes is sovereign, and concurrent; and that there are no express limitations upon this attribute; except those contained in -the 18th section, *arlicle1st, of the federal constitution as to duties or imp6sts on imports, exports, and tonnage. * Through these mutual admissions, the question now to-be disposed of, is simply, can a state constitutionally tax the income accruing to its citizens from six znd seven per cent. stock of the United States, owned by them individually!
The purpose of plaintiffs in error is to make out by implication a restriction upon a sovereign and vital, inough a con. current state right. - This is attempted upon 'substantiall) three grourids. -1st. That the. tax in dispute is a'violation of thec faith arid. obligoai6n'of a contract. 2d. That the cre6dit of'theUifited States upon which it bears, did not exist until after the constitution was'framed. And 3dly. because it interferes with.thie means of the federal governmenI necessary to carry their powers into effect. -
As to the first. objection, certainly- if the United States were to impose a tax, going to' diminish the. interest it had stip ilated to pay the, purchasers of this. sfock, such a mea-

JANUARY TERM 1829..

459

[Weston and others-vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
sure would. be a violation of faith. But the reason does not hold as to a third person, not a party to the contract; and in this light the state of South Carolina stands; for hg-faith is -pledged as an integral part of the union in-this respedt-only; quoad federal taxation. She hag come under-no obligitionindividually, not to draw her resources from these - funds, though, emanating from the common, authority, whepever they pass into the hands of her, peculiar citizens; and it -may.
be presumed that the liability of this stock; so situated,-to state taxation, was perfectly- understood" by those-.who be.: came holders, and entered into their eontract with .the general government. As well might a tax imposed by a- state on the public lands with'in its. limits, when sold -out to, pri' vate persons,, be treated as a departure from good faith, and a violation of the contract ofsale; for here, as much as where public stock is created and sold, a state is. a party to the engagement, that no more than a certain.price. is to be pii for the property, and that its profits ar not to be diminished. It is said, however, that where lands are sbld, the United States parts with the freehold with no prospect of resumption, and that it is otherwise with -stock. Yet in point of fact, tha only difference is between the real and personal *property of the government for in the case of a sale of the former on credit, liable to a foreclosure of mortgage, there will be a chance of its reyerting to the public domain, and surely it will not be exempted from state taxation until .the last cent of the price is paid off.
It is next said that this stock constitutes the -creditof the union, which, not-having existed anterior to the adoption -of the constitution,,cannot-be subjected to state t~xes,.unless by virtue of some provision in that instrument. This teason if of any avail, will go to exonerate .al the territories and other.propertj, of the. United States acquired subsequently to that epoch; and failing of that result, must be.discarded,
altogether. The objection most. strongly urged however against- this
ordinance is, that it interferes with a law of the general governiaent, which., being supreme, must predominate, and it is roundly- laid down that "should any state directly -or. in-

.SUPIREME COURT.
[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
directly m6dify, alter, or abridge any of the acts ot soveregnty of the United States, br render any of its measures nugatory, or inoperative, or. in any manner impeach the credit, or impair the resources of the union, by taxation or otherwise; the act would be an interference repugnant to the constitution," and that "a state,'annot tax any of the constitutional means employed by the government of the United States to execute itp constitutional powers ;" "nor can it by taxation or otherwise, retard, impede, burthen, or in any manner control the operation of the constitutional laws enacted by congress to carry into effect the powers vested in
the national government." Throughout this discussion the state has been treated of
as in an antagonist pogition towa'ds the federal government, and as seeking purpbsely to incomnmode, and destroy its fiscal operations,; while the direct effect of these upon the resouices of the state has been allowed no consideration. The ordinance in question is assumed to be a measure passed expressly to countervail and defeat a law of congress. But it is no where demonstrated that a tax on' this stock, owned by indiviiduals, will be attended by any such consequence. ' The utmost that may ensue, will be a prejudice to the preference of this stock in market, and perhaps the citizens of the state imposing the tax may find it more pro.fqiutasbtlieontoofinvest their capital otherwise. This creates a
policy, at the discretion of the state alone, whether it will drive abroad a particular means of speculation; but the reflection is beside ihe constitutional inquiry
now 'agitated, The position broadly taken here is, that if the exercise of
a concurrent power by a state, interferes With a power of the general government, the former must give way. What is the extent of interference'which is to be thus resisted q and how is this interference to be graduated! Here it is always put as mounting to the point of destruction, and as brought into actioh, ipso intuitu.. To presuppose hostility on the part. of the state is wholly grdtuitous, and.greatly to be deprecated.- As much'may be trusted to the liberality and forbearance of a state;-as of the federal government; and

JANUARY TERM 1829.

461-

EWeston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.] comity, and cordial confidence should characteriie alltheirelations.' All the reasoning in this case is. against the abue of a conceded state right, and it is founded upon a quia timet, and its materials are extremes. Not even a surraise is thrown out, that this tax has, in point of.fact,. impeded, much less frustrated, a fiscal operation of goverhment; but it is said, 4hat if the power it involves were pushed further it might have that effect; and that, as it is without any limit or control, save the discretion of. a state, no guarantee against its abuse, short-of abolition, should 'be accepted. This is in a strain of hostility that well -warrants the interrogatory, why .hould'an unprescriptible sovereign, and indispensable right of a state be postponed, and. put in'. derogatiopin favour of an implied,, auxiliary, and optional means-of the general government 9.. Is not the power to useibis means also a power to destroy, and alike unlimited'!
The generalgovernment, by carrying- their power to'extremes' in the creation of extensive loans, might furnish facilities of exempt investment, that would entirely absorb from the reach of state taxation all the fundas of its citizens, and, thus destroy one of its highest prerogatives and very eistence. If the possible abuse of the power to tax by a state; is-to infringe up.on the'right, 'the like objection'will assuredly attach'to the power of. borrowing on the part of the United States. In answer to this a suggestion has beenmade, that the general government does not hoard up its revenue, but immediately reinstates by expenditure, all thiat has been substracted from the reiources of a state. - This is bnly partially true, and yields but indifferent -consolation,
and affords occasion for anotlir-most forcible itnpeabhment of the p rvalitig system of i6ternal improv6ments, and other
government expendiiures of the public money., By the supposed operation the southern states-not only have their capital drawn offfrom local,taxation, bat in the existing state of things supply another means of conferring benefits, or rather gratuities, in which they have no participation.
-The doctrine that interference with federal power will
lsuffice,, by implication, to neu.tralize, or even annihilatestate ?ights'is startling in itself, and most pernicious when

. SUPREME COURT.
[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
carried out to its legitimate results. - The degree. of interference being entirely unsettled,, and incapable of adjusti. ment, however slight or shadowy it may..be, the objection can never be started but to a fatal issue. Indeed it will go to abolish all power in the states,- under some .circum4stances, to levy and.collect taxes.. In. the event of a resort to direct taxation, on the part of congress, whatever is subjected -to federal assessment must, ipso facto, be -discharged from.all other imposition; inasmuch as a tax by a state, on any given article, must necessarily diminish its capacity of bearing. 'other exactions, and, if -caiTied' to excess, must frustrate any attempt on the part of the. general government to raise a revenue from the same. sources. In fact, there are but few powers.reserved to the -states .that, upon the possibility of abuse, may not be brought under the ban of interference with federal measures.
In, the case. of Bulov' et al. vs. the City Council of Charleston, 1 .ott - ,M'Cord,527, it has been decided that United States bank stock, in the hands of individuals, may constitutionally. be taxed by- a. state.. And in M'Cullough vs. Maryland, it is admitted , that the. principle there ascertained " does not extend to a tax paid7 by 'the real property of the, bank of the United States, in common with the other real property in a .particular state, nor to a tax im-posed .dpon- the propr.ietaryinterest which, the citizens of .that statq may hold in. this institution,,in common with' other. property of the same description throughout the- state," and that, " -as -to the bank stock belonging to its own citizens, ,it"still continues liable to otate 'taxation, as a portion of -their individual property in common with all other private property in the. state." The stock brought under contribution -by the city ordinance now attacked, comes withih this exception. When taxedit had been sold out ·by. governmept,-.and was in the hands of individuals, whose proprietaryinterest in the fund was-subjected-in common with property' of a similar description. The, tax Jhere dssessed was not in the nature of a -penalty- on. lending to the United States, being .neither excess'ive nor- discrinrinating. If Oharged on the stock, e o.nomine, the nane was inserted in

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Weston-and others vs. Th6 City Council of Charleston.]
the ordinance merely as a description of one among several sources, from whence the income of- the citizens might arise bn which it was to bear. The words of the ordinance evince, clearly that this species of pioperty was not singled out for proscription, or. a sinister, purpose, as various others are enumerated; and if an exception is made in favor of stodk of the United States bank, and of local institutions, motives of expediency, or the fact that a bonus had been paid in commutation of taxes, probably influenced the de'parture from, while they recbgnized the existence of the general rule.
This tax then is not =obnoxious to the objections urged against it, and being upon the interest held by individuals in the funded debt of the United .Statesin common, with other property of the same description in South Carolina, it c6mes within the exception made in the leading case decided. by this Court upon the subject, and the ordinance imposing it is constitutibnal and valid.
Mr Chief -JusticeMAsnAr.L, delivered the opinion of the Court.
This case was argued on its merits at a preceding term; but a doubt having arisen with the Court respecting its jurisdiction in cases of prohibition, that doubt was suggested to the bar, and a re-argument was requested. It has been reargued-at this term.
The. power of this Court to revise the judgments of a state tribunal, -depends on the -25th section of the- judicial act. That section enacts "that a final judgment or decree in anysuit in the highest court of law or 'equity of a state- in which a decision in the suit could be had," "where is drawn in question the validity of a statute or of an authority exercised under any state, on the ground of their being repugnant to the constitution, treaties, or- laws of the United States, and the decision, is in favour .of-such their validity," "may be re-examined and reversed.or affirmed in theSupreme Court of.the United States."',
.-In this case the 6ity ordinance-of Charleston is .the ex-ercise~of-an ." authority under the state of South:Carolina,"

·4"64

SUPREME COURT.

[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Cliarle'ston.]
"the validity of which has been drawn in question on the ground of its being repugnant to the constitution," and "t he decision is in favour of its validity." The question therefore .which was decided by ,the constitutional court, is the very question on which the ievising power of this tribunal is. to be exercised, and the only inquiry is, whether it has been decide.d in a case described in the sectidn which authorises the writ of error that has been .aiyprded. 'Is a writ of pro-
hibition a suit?
The term, is certainly a very comprehensive one, and is understood to apply to any proceeding in a court of justice) by which an individual pursues that -remedy in a court of justice, which the law affords him. The modes of proceeding may be 'arious, but if a right is litigated between par-
ties in a court of justice, the proceeding by which the decision of the court is squght,.is a suit. The question be-
tween the parties, is precisely the same 'as it would have been in a writ of replevin, or. in an action of trespass. The constitutionality of thd ordihance is contested; the party aggrieved by it applies to a court; and at his suggestion, a writ of prohibition, the appropriate remedy, is issued. The opposite party appeals; and, in the highest court, the judgment is reversed and'judgment given for the defendant. This judgmentwas, we think, rendered in a suit.
We think also that it was a final jutdgment in the'sense in which that term is-used in the 25ih section*or the judicial act. If it were applicable to those judgments and decrees only in which th6 right was finally decided, and. could never -again be litigated between the parties, the provisions of the section would'be confined within much narrower limits than the words import, or than congress could have intended. Judgments in actions of ejectment, and decrees in chancery dismissing 'a bill' without'prejudice, however deeply they might affect ights protected by the constitution, laws, or treaties of 'the United States' would not be subject to the .revision of this Court. A prohibition might issue, restraining -a collector from collecting 'duties, and this Court .would not revise. and correct 'the judgment.. The word "final" must. be understood in the section under consideration, as apply-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Weston and others vs.The City Council of Charleston.]
ing to all judgments and decrees which determine .the par-
ticular cause. We think then that the writ-of error has brought the cause
properly before this Court. This brings us to the main question., Is the stock issued
for loans made to the government of the United'States liable to be taxed by states and corporations !.-
Congress has power "to borrow money on the credit of the United States." The stock it issues is the evidence of a debt 'created by the exercise of' this power. The tax-in question is a tax -upon the- contract. suhsisting between the government ind the individual.. It bears directly upon that contract, while subsisting and in full force.. - The pover operates uponithe contract the instant it is framed, andmust imply.a right to, affect that contract.
Itf the states and corporations throughout the union, possess the power to tax a contract for the loan of money, what shall arrest. this principle in its application to every other contract!. What measure carn government adopt which will not be exiposed to its influence .
But it is unnecessary to pursue this principle through its diversified application to all the contracts, and to the various. operations of government. . No one *can be selected which is of more vital interest to the community'than this of borrowing money on the credit of the United States. No, power has beei .conferred b the American people on their government, the free and unburthened exercise of which more deeply affects everk member of our republic. In war, when the honour, the safety, the independence of the nation are to be defended, when all its resources are to be strained to the utmost, credit must be broughtin aid of taxation, and the abundant revenue of peace and prosperity must be anticipated to supply the exigences, the urgent demands'of the, moment. The people, for'ojects the(Anost important which can occur in.the progress of nations,- have empowered their government to make, these anticipations, "to borrow money on the crqdit.of.the United States." Can any.thing be more dangerobs, or more injurious, than the admission of a principle which iuthorizes -every state and -every corporation in
VoL. I.--=31

SUPREME COURT.
[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
the union.which possesses the right of tdxation, to burthen the exercise of this power at their discretion q
If the right to impqse the tax exists, it is a right which in its nature acknowledges no limits. It may be carried to any extent within.the- jurisdiction of the state or corporation which imposes it, which the will of each .state and corporation may prescribe. A. power which is given by the whole American people for their common good, which is to be exercised at the most critical peribds for the most important purposes, on. the free exercise of which the interests certainly, perhaps the liberty of the whole ma depend; may be burthened, impeded, if not arrested, by any of the organiized parts of the confederacy.
In a society formed like ours, with one supreme government for national purposes, and numerous state governments for other purposes; in many resplects independent, .and in the uncontrolled exercise of many important powersi occasiondl interferences ought not to surprise us. The power of taxation is one of the most essential to a state, and one of the most extensive in its operation. The attempt to maintain a rule which shall lim~it its exercise, is undoubtedly among the most delicate and difficult. duties which can devolve on those wiise province it is to expound the supreme law of the land in its atpplication to the cases of individuals. This'duty has more than once devolved on this Court. In the performance of it we have considered it as a necessary consequence from the supremacy of the government-of the whole, that its action in the exercise of its legitimate powers, should be free and -unembarrassed by any conflicting powers ,inthe possession of its parts; that the powers of a state cannot rightfully be so exercised as to impede and obstruct the free course of those measures which the government of the states united may rightfully adopt.
IThis subject-was brought before the Court in the ease of M'Cullough vs. The state of Maryland(a), when" ii was thoroughly argued and deliberately considered. The question decided in that case bears a near res'emblance to that
(a) 4 Whealori,916.

JANUARY TERM, 1829.
[Weston and otbers vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
which is involved in this. It was discussed at the bar in all its relations, and examined by the Court with its utmost attention. We will hot repeat the reasoning which conducted us to the conclusion thus formed ; but that conclusion was that "all subjects over which the sovereign power of a state extends, are objects of taxation; but those over which it does 'not extend, are upon the soundest principles exempt from taxatiori." "The 'sovereignty of a state extends to every thing which exists by its own authority, or is introduced by its permission " but not. "to those means which are. employed by congress'to carry into execution powers conferred on that body.b the people of the United States.". "The attempt to use" the power of taxation "I on the means employed by the government of the union in pursuance of the -constitution, is itself an-abuse, because it- is the usurpation of a power which the people of a single state cannot give."
The Court said in that case, that "the states have no power by taxation, or otherwise, to retard, impede, bjrthen, or in any manner control the operation of the constitutional laws .enacted by congress, to carry into execution the powers vested in the general government."
We retain the 'opinions which were then expressed. A contract inade by the government in the exercise of its power, -to borrow money on the credit -of the United States, is.und'bubtedly independent of the will of any state in which the individual who lends may reside, and is undoubtedly an operation essential to the important objects for'-which the government was created. It ought, therefore; on the principles settled in the case.of M'Cullough-vs. The State of Maryland, to be exempt from state taxation, and consequently -from being -taxed by corporations deriving their power from"states.
It is-admitted that the power of the government to.boirow money can ncat be directly opposed, and that any law directly' obstructing its operkiion would be void; but, a distinction" is taken between -irect opposition and those measures which may. consequentially affect it; that is, that a law prohibiting loans to the United States would be- void, but a tax on them to,-any amount is. allowable.
It is, we think,- impossible .not to :perceve ihe intimate

SUPREME'COURT.
EWestgn and others vs. The City Council of Charleston.]
c9nnexion which exists between these two mbdes of acting on the subject.
It is not the want of original power in* an independent sovereign state, to prohibit loans to a foreign government, which restrains the legislature from direct'opposition to those made by the United States. The restraint is imposed by our-constitution, The American people have conferred the power of borrowing money on their govqrnment, and by making that government supreme, have shielded its action, in the e3kercise of this power, from the action of the'local governments. The grant of the power is incompatible with a restraining or controlling powet, and the declaration of supremacy is a declaration that no.such restraining or controlling, power shall be exerciseu. ' .The right to. tax the contract to'any extent, when made, must uperate upon the power to borrow before it.is exercised, and. have a sensible influence on the contract. The extent of this influence depends on the will of a distinct government. *Toany extant, however inconsiderabl6, it is a: burthen on the operations of government.. .Itmay be carried to. an extent which shall arrest them entirely.
It is admitted by the counsel-for the defendants, that the powpr to tax stock must affect the. terms on which, loans will be made; but this objection, it is said, has no more weight when' urged against the application of an acknowledged power 'to government stock, than if urged against its application to lands'sold by the United States.
The distinction is, ve think, apparent. ' When lands are sold, no connexion remains between the purchaser and the government. The lands purchased become a part of the mass of property in. the country with no 'implied' exempion from common b-.rthens. All lands are derived from the general or particular government, and all lands are subject to taxation. Lands.sold are in the condition of money bor-' rowed and re-paid. Its liability to taxation in any forni. it may then assume. is not questioned. The connexion between the borrower and the lender is dissolved. It is no .burthen on loans, it is no impediment to the power of borrowing, that the money, when re-paid, losps its exemption from taxation.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Weston and others us. The City Council of Charleston.]
But a tax'upon debts due from the government, stands, we think, on very different principles- from a tax on lands which"
the government has sold. "The Federalist" has beeli tuotedin the argument, and-an
eloquent-and well merited eulogy has been bestowed'on the great statesman who is supposed to be the "author of the number from which the quotation was made. This high ai ihority was also relied upon in the case of M'Cullough vs. The state. of Maryland, and was, considered by the Court. Without repeating what was.then said, we refer to it as'exhibiting our view of the -sentiments expressed on this subject by the authors of that work. "It has been supposed that a tax on stock comed within the, exceptions stated in the case of M'Cullough vs. The state of Maryland, We .do not think so. The bank of the United States is an instrument essential to the fiscal operations Of 'the government, and the power which 'might be exercised to its destruction was denied. 'But 'property acquired by thatcorporation in a state -was sdpposed to-be placed in the same condition with property adquired by an individual.
The tax on government stock, is thought by this Court to be a tax on the contradt, a tax on the power to borrow money oh the credit of the United States, and consequently. to be repugnant to the constitution.
We are, therefore; -of' opinion that the' judgment, of the constitutional court of the state of South Carolina, -reversing the order made by the: court of comm6n pleas, awarding a. prohibition to the city 'council of Charleston, to'restrain them frorh levying a' tax imposed, on six and seven per cent. -stock -ofthe United States, 'under an ordinance to raise supplies to the use of the city o' Charleston for the year 1823, is erro-. neous in this; that the' said constitutional court adjudged that'the said ordinance was not repugnant to'the constitution of the United States; whereas, this Couri is of opinion that such 'repugnancy does exist. We are,'therefore, of opinion that the' said judgment ought to be reversed and annulled, and the causb remanded to the constitutional court for:the state of South Carolina, that farther proceedings may be had therein according to law.

SUPREME COURT.
[Weston ond others vs: The City Council .f Charleston.]
Mr Justice- JoHNs0.o, dissentiente.-Entertaining different yiews oh ,the questions in this cause from the majority of the Court, and wishing generally that my reasons for my opinions on constitutional questions should appear, where they cannot be misunderstood or misrepresented,.I will biiefly state the grpunt upon *vhich I dissent from the decision now rendered.
On the first point I am of opinion, that .the cause is not one within either the letter or the policy of the 25th section of.the judiciary act.
That the sugggstion and motion to obtain a prohibition is a suit in its general sense, cannot be questioned ; but thatis rot enough, to give this Court jurisdiction ; it..must be- a suit within the meaning and policy of the law which gives this. writ of error. The words of the 26th section are, "a final judgment or decree on -any suit;" from which I think it unquestionable that it must be a suit capable of terminating in a final judgment or decree. Now a prohibition, especially where it is refused, as in-this case, is not /]al,and concludes no body. If the party -against which it was prayed goes on to carry. into effect an unconstitutional law, he to whom it was refused,.is at liberty to bring.his action-of trespass, and the refusal of the -fvibibition would be no bar, to .his recovery.
Indeed, in cases of prohibition, ihere is no consideratum est, no judgment entered, except, as well as.I can recollect, 'in two eases: in that where it is first granted and then dissolved, and a writ of consultation awarded authorizing the defendant to proceed; aid in the case where the promove.nt js ruled to declare, and the cause goes on to.judgment ih thE usual form. When it is refused there is never.a judgmeiit entered, nor where it is granted. in ordinary cases ; a nd hence it isTlaidown generally that no writ of error lies in prohibition. There is no ground. that I can perceive, to suppose that congress intended any innovation in the oidinary rules of law as to suing out writ s 9 f error. - On the contrary, in authorizing a writ'of error to a final judgient in so many words, the legal conclusion is that they need not to adhere to the rule that a writ of error can "only issue to. recover a judgmenf as technicagy undersfood.

JANUARY TERM 1899.

471

[Weston and others vs. The City Coihnel of CharleSton.]
Again, the suit to which this section has relation must be a suit in which this Court possesses or can exercise the power. to enter judgment and award execution; because the latter part of the 25th section enacts, "that the Supreme Court may at their discretion, if the cause shall have been once remanded before, proceed to a final decision of the same, and award.dxecution. Now if .the term execution here be taken, in its ordinary technical meaning, this is not a case in which it can issue; the sole object of this.prohibition being to stay -the proceedings of the city council and city sheriff under the law complained off; and if the issuing- of a.prohibiti~n be cofisidered as coming within the meaning of execution as here used, then this Court has to power to issue'a prohibition to a state, court or state officer. Congress has-not pretended to vest in it such authority. And.I am well
satisfied that this power has been withheld from the courts of the United States ex industria. For every provision in the-constitution and the -uniform policy of the governm-ent, hAve been to prevent the immediate action of the one government upon the constituted authorities of -the other, a collision which it was a leading object in the constitution-to avoid', because its effects- were unavoidably aud fully antici-
pated. If i t be asked, or has beed argued, why may not this
'Court proceed as 'far as it can proceed, and -reverse the judgment of the.state court, onenter a judgment for a-prohibition, though* it cannot issue it; I answer,. simply be-' cause the 'case wants those distinctive features which are necessary to make out a case for the interference of this Courp under the 25th section. And I cannot imagine that the legislature would place this Court in the unenviable"dilemma of thus assuming ungranted powers, or of exercising jurisdiction in a case over which it could assume no coercive: power.
Hence I conclude, that neither the letter nor the policy of the law, sanctions us in exercising this jurisdiction. Nor' is there the least necessity for it, since every beneficial end nay be angwered, when individuals are brought into controversy; by the ordinary proceedings under an unconstitu-

SUPREMF COURT.
[Weston and others vs. the City Council of Charlestmn.]
tional law; and until this conflict of interest arise from .th~e. actual. execution bf process, the law remains a mere "br uituin fulmen."
My -views..of the question of jurisdiction would exempt me'from. the-necessity:of giving an. opinion on the constitue tionality of-the cqse under consideration. *But I have no obIjefctIiocnoutlod expressing my opinion upon this question. ' .
bring myself to consider this question in -the form in which it is ,conp'idered by the majority of the Court, I should- certainly concur, in the opinion, that the tax was unconstitutional. · For, the exercise of a. power, -which,' under the mask of imposing a tax, may defeat or impede the operation of the government of the United States in borrowing money, could not be tolerated. But I am, stronglyim.pressed with the opinion, -that the record does not autlhrise this state of the _question.. It. is true the act of the.,6ity council of Charleston, which -imposes this .ta, is most clumsily worded. But I think it clear that, takeuttogether, the object is to impose an incone tax. This, I think, is necessarily inferred from the fact, that .the tax -is not imposed upon money at interest generally, but only on so-much as the individual has at interest above what he owes or pays an - interest' upon. The operation of 'this"is to charge no more than his 6lear-income from money at interest. It-. is objected, that they make discriminations, and exempt. from taxation state stock, city stock, and stock of 'their own chartered. banks. , But then they exempt also, stock' of the United $tates bank ;- and there can be no. better prcof d9_ manded to show, .that the law is. conceived.-in the ppirit.of fairness, with .-a view' to revenue, and no masked attaok
upon the-poweis of the general government. - Had they, in fact, taxed any one of thdse, excepted objects, we should have had.the law brought up here as a violati'on, of. the obligation of contracts; since the-statute books of the state will show, that all their banks, with the exception of the state bank,- have paid a bonus -to the state. And it would have been impossible 'to tax the state bank, because the stock'is fitogether owned by the state, and. the laws of the council are subject to be repealed by the state.

JANUARY TER-M 1929.
EWesfon and others vs. The'City Council of Charleston.]
As to the specification of six and seven per .cent. stock of the United States as, objects -of taxation, this also admitg of 4n-explanation, showing that the council acted in the spirit of fairness and candour, although certainly not -happyin expressing the legislati've mind. This specification became necessary, from their iniposing the tax by means of a per centage of iwdnty-five cents upon"the capital at interest, instead of a per centage on the interest received;- Hence to have brought the four and three per cent.-stock of the United States under the tax, would -have been. unequal and unjust; and there can be -little doubt that to avoidthis inequality was their object.
I consider the case therlefore as-one of a tax upon income afistg from the interest of 'money, a.very unwise and suicidal tax unquestionably, and not very judiciously arranged and expressed; but still characterized by no unfairness, and no masked attack upon. the powers of the general -government. And if so, with what correctness can it be characterized as unconstitutional '. . Why should not the -stock of-the United States, when it becomes mixed up with the capital of its citizens, become subject to taxation in common with other capital.. Or why should one who enjoys all the advantages of a society phrchased at a heavy expense, and lives in affluence upon an incdme derived exclusively from interest on government stock, be exempted from taxation .1
No one imagines that it is toa be singled out and marked as an objeci of persecution, and that.a law professing to tax, will be permitted to destroy: 'this subject was sufficiently explained in M'Cullock case. But why should the states be held -io confer a. bonus or bounty on the loans made by the general government ' . The question is not whether their Mock is to be eifposed to peculiar burthens ; but whether'it shall enjoy-privileges and exemptions, directly interfering with the power of the states to tax or to borrow. " tlan see no reason for the exemption,-and.certainly can-Rotacquiesce li it
- Mr Justice TnoMPs6.O, dissentiente.-This case comes before usfunder the.-25th 'lection.ot the judiciary act of 1789,
VOL. II.-3 K

474

SUPREME COURT.

[Weston ana others us. The City Councilof Chaleston.]
on a writ of error to the constitutional court of the state of South Carolina, the highest -codrt of appeals in that state.
The question' in the .state court arose upon proceedings commenced'in an inferior courti and the issuing of ; prohibition to restrain the city council of Charleston, aid all other. persons acting under their authority, from levying and collecting a tax on stock of the United States, held by the appellants; on .the ground, that such tax was a violation of the, constitution ofthe Ufited States. The prohibition having-been-granted by the, inferior ceurt, the order and judgnient of that court were reversedin the constitutional court, thereby upholding the constitutionality of the tax.
A prelimhinary question has been raised, whether this Court has jurisdictidn of "the case, under the 25th section of.the judiciary act. I think we have not. It is not a suit within the meaning ofthat section-; and if it was, the writ of error
is-br6ught to reverse a judgment, refting to grant the prohibition. And if that judgment-or order-should be reversed here, this Court has no power. to enforce its judgment4 or give' the party any relief or protection againsithe imposition of the tax; But I shall not enter into an examination of this question: it is one of-minor importance; as I understand
this Court does not claim the power-of enforcing its judgment 'in any manner whatever, and the ordinance will remain in full force, and the payment of the tax be enforced unlessthe city council shall voluntarily repeal it, and revoke the order to collect the tax. -The judgment qf this Court-is; therefore, no more than an opinion expressed upon an abstract question, ind in -its nature and effect only monitory.
In considering this case on the merits, it is to be borne in mind, that this ordinance of the city council is subject to be repealed by the-legislature of South Carolina, and not having been done, we inust consider it as having-tacitly received
the sanction ofthe legislature, and comes before us, therefore, -with all the force- and authority of a state law, and involves one of those delicate and difficult inquiries of conflicting powers between the general and state governments.
It isliessary, in the first-:place, that we should understand h'e true character of this tax. Much importance seemed to

JANUARY TERM 1829.

·475

[Weston and others ,s. The City Council of Charleston.]
be attached to this, both in the court below and on the ar.&ument here. In the opinion of the minority of the state court, which has been submitted to us by the appellants' council as a.part of his argument, it is said, "this ordinance does not affect to regard the tax as an income tax. It is a tqx upon'the United States stock eo nomine, As it is not a tax on income, it is unnecessary to inquire, if the city council or a state have the power to tax income, and include therein the interest received on United States stock. The. inquiry is, whethdr there is' any such power to tax United States stock eo nomine." This distinbtion being so emphatically relied upon by the minority of the Court, it is a fair
.inference, that if-it had been considered a tax on'income, it would not be objectionable on constitutional grounds.
What are we to understand by its being a tax o~n United States stock eo nomine . Certainly, nothing. more than that it is enumerated as one description, in a long list of specified property subject to taxation.
We have not the ordinance at large before us, but the clause upon which the question arises, is stated as follows: All personal estate, consisting of bonds,.notes, insurance stock, &c. &c. six and seven per cent. stock of the United States, or other obligitions, upon which interest has been, or will be received during the year, over and above the interest which has been paid, twenty-five cents on every bun,dred dollars. -There is excepted out of this enumeration, stock of the state, stock of the city, and bank stock. But this exception cannot certainly affect the piesent question. No part of the constitution of the United States, prohibits the states from exempting from taxation certain. species of .property, according to their own views of policy or expe-
diency. What then is the ordinance in substance .9 It is a tax-
upbn. the net income of interest, upon money secured by. bonds, notes, insurance stock, six and seven per cent. stock of the United States, or other obligations, upon wbich iiie-
rest has been received, &c. It is the net interest received upon iwhiNt the tax is laid. For the ordinance declares the tax shaU be on the interest received over and above that

47.6

SUPREME COURT.

[Wesion and others vs. The.City Coucil 6f Charleston.]
which has been paid. For example· he who receives $1000 interest, and pays out $500 in'terest, istaxed only upon-the balance. It is, therefore, a gene'ral, tax upon an income -from money at.interest, and this too only included as one item.4i -the enumeration of taxable property. It is not an objection that can be nade' here, if any where, that the tax is not upon the Whole income. It is a- tax, general in, itsapplication to
income, frbm interest derived from investments of every description (with the exception'mentioned)-.and money.on"loan. It cannot be considered as. an exorbitant tax, or in any manner partaking of*the character of a penalty. It being only a tax'of a quarter of one per cent.
If the objection to this tax is to be sustained, it must-be on the broad ground that stock of the United States isnot taxable in any. shape or manner whatever; that it is not to - be included in the, estimate of property subject to taxation: and that I understand is the extent to which a .majority of this Court mean to carry the exemption. As I-am unable to come to this conclusion, and it being a constitutional question of vital importance; I am constrained to dissent from 'the opinio of the Court, ana, contrary to my usual -practice.in ordinary cases, briefly to assign my reasons.
I shall, for the rdason already mentioned, consider this ordinance as standing upon the same grounds precisely as if it had been a law of'ihe state of South Carolina.
It is not pretended. that there is any express- prohibition in the constitution of-the United.States, which -has been violated by this law.
.The only expiess limitation-to the power.of the individual states, to lay and collect taxes, is to be found in the 16th section of the first article of the constitution. "Nostate shall, without the consent of congress, lay any imposts or duities on Ihnpnrts or exports, except what may. be ibsolately necessary for executing 'its inspection laws,-&c: No state shall, without the consent of congress, ]ay-gny, duty of tonnage." The fax in question' can certainly not fall -within
either 'of these prohibitionsi. The objection to the tax is rested chiefly, if not entirely,
upon that phrt-of the 8th iection .of th. first article, which

JANUARY .TERMW 829.
[Weaton and others vs. The City C.unei'of Charleston.]
gives to congress the power "-tb borrow meneyof thie etedit of the-.United -States."' And it is said that to permit the, states to tax th&stock, might, by possibility, sometimes embarrass the United States in procuring loans. -In the, examination of-the powers of the'general governthent uinder the constitution," The Federalist" is often referred to as a work of high authority on questions of this-kind and the author has seldom been chargediwith surteiidering any powers that cam be brought fairly within.the letter-or spirit of the. constitution. -In No. 32 of that work, the -writer,in. discussing the subject of taxation, and the "onflicts that -might arise between the general andstate governments, say j "Although I ain' of opinion that there would be no-real dangeirof 'the consequences to the'state g.Sveihments, which--seenm to be apprehended from a power in the union t6 control them in the levies of money, yet I am willi'ng fo allow, in its fill extent, the justnegs'of-the 'reasoning, which reqtiires that the individual states should p6ssess an independent ind' uncontrollable authority to raise theii own revenues for the -supply of their own wants.- And making 'tliis coficession, I. affirm, that (*ith -the sole exception of duties -on imports and expbrts) they would, under the plan'of the convention, retain that authority, in the most absoltte and unqualified -sense; and- that an: attemrpt on the part of the' national gbvernmentto abridge- them in--the exercise of it, would be a violent rsumption of 1ower, unwarranted'by any article or clause of its constitution. That a negation of the authority of the states to impose taxes on imports and exports , is adn affirmane'e -oftheir atithority to impose them- on all other-articles. That it-is not a mere possibilityrofincanveniene inthe ex-
edcis -of powers, but an immediate constitutional repugnancy, that can by implication alienate and extinguish a pre-existing right of sovereignty."
"The power of the general- government'to borrow money. -on the credit of thie United Sfties .is- not only an express power granted to congress, but'ine that-it inust have been fdrdseert would be brought into prActical operation, and that-stock would of -course- be created; and vet it never entered into'tho discriminating mind of the writer referrd-

478

SUPREME COURT.

EWeston ano others vs. the City .4ouncil of.Chauleston.]
to, that merely investing -property, subject to taxation, in stock of the United States, w6uld withdraw the property from taxation. ' it is said, the credit of the United States is a creation of the general, government, which did not exist until they brought it into being; and in the production of which the state governments did not participate ; that' the states could not tax it before the constitution was fQrmed, for it did not exist. This view of the subject is cauldlated to make an erroneous impression. It is true'it did not exist in the shape of stock, but the property existed in some other form. No one procures stock without exchanging for it an equivalent in money or some other property; all which was, doubtless, subject to the payment of taxes. Exemption from taxation may hold out an inducement to invest property in stock of the United States, and might, possibly, enable the government to procure loans with more facility,. arid perhaps on better terms. But this possible, or even certain benefit to the United States, cannot extinguish preexisting state rights. To consider this atax upon the means employed by the general government for carrying on its operations, is, certainly very great refinement. It is not a tax that operates directly upon any power or credit of the United States. The utmost extent to 'which the most watchful jealousy can lead is,that it may, by possibility, prevent the government from.borrowing money on quite so good terms. And. even this inconvenience is extremely
questionable; for the stock only pays the same tax that the money with which it was purchased did. And whether the property exists in one form or the other, would seem to be matter of very little importance to the owner. But great .injustice is 'done to 'others, by exempting men who are living upon the interest of their money, invested in stock of the United States, from the payment of taxes; thereby establishing a privileged class of public creditors,' who, though living under the protection of te government, are exempted from bearing any of its burthens.. A construction of the constitution, drawing after it such consequences, ought to be very palpable before itis adopted.
But,it seems to me, that the right of the states to tax pro-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Weston and others vs. The City Council of Charleston,]
perty of this description is admitted by the Court, in the case of M'Cullough'vs. The state of Maryland, 4 Wkat. 436. The Court there considered the tax imposed directly upon the Operations of the bank, which was employed, by the government as one of the means.of carrying into execution its constitutional powers; and in summing, up the result, it is -said, the states have no power by taxation, ortotherwise, to retard, impede, burthen, or in any manner control the operations of the constitutional laws of congress; to carry into .execution the powers vested in the general government; and yet, the Court say this opinion does'not extend to a tax paid by the real property of the bank, in common-with the other real property within the state, nor to a tax imposed on the interest which the-citizens of Maryland may'hold in the bank, in common with other property of the same.description throughout the state.
In the *casenow before us, the tax is-not direct upon any means used by the goverrnent to carry on its operation. It is only a -tax *upon property acquired through one of the means employed by the government to carry on its opera-
tions, viz. the power of borrowing morley upon the credit of the United States ;.and it is not perceived how any just distinction can be made in this respect, between bank stodk, and stock of the United States; both ard acquired through the medium of means employed by the government in carrying on its operations; and both are held as private property; and it is immaterial to the present question in what man-
ner it was acquired.
.The broad proposition (laid down i the case of M'Cul-. lough v8. The state of Maryland) that the states cannot tax any,instrument or-means used by the general governnient in 'the exectition of its powers, must'be unceers'tood as referring
to a direct tax upon suchmeans or instrument; and that such was the understanding of the Court, is to.be inferred from
the exemption of bank' stock -from the operation of the rule; and the parallel cases put to illustrate the application of the ,doctrine lead to the same conclusion. Thus it is said the states cannot tax the mint.; but this does not imply ihat. they may not tax the:money coined at the mint, .when held and owned by individuals. Again, it is said. the states cannot

SUPREME COURYT.
[Westo'n and others vs.Tne City Coucil of Charleston.]
'tax a patent right; but if the patentee, from the sale or use of his patent has acquired property, or is receiving an income, it-could not be intended to say that such property or income cannot be taken into the estimate of his taxable property.
The unqualified proposition that a sfate cannot directly or indirectly tax any instrument or means employed by. the general government in -the execution of its powers, cannot be literally sustained. Congress has power to raise armies, such armies are made up .of officers and soldiers, and ari instruments employed by the governinent in executing its powers; .and although the army, as such cannot be taxed, yet it will not be claimed, that all such officers and soldiers are exempt from state taxation. Upon the whole, considering that the tdi in question is a general tax upon the interest of money on loan, I cannot think it any violation of the constitution. of' the United States, to includb therein interest accruing from stock of the United States.
I am accordingly of opinion, that there is no error in the opinion of the state court.
This cause came on to be heard on the transcript of the record from the constitutional court of the state of South Carolina, and was argued by counsel; on consideration .whereof, -thils Colwt is. of opinion; that there is error in the judgmenf of the said court in this, that the. said court decided that an ordinance passed by the city council of Charleston for the year 1823 entitled, an ordinance to raise sup'plies for the i'se of the city of Charleston for the year 1823, is$ so far as the same imposes a tax on the six 'and seven per cent.. stock of the United States, consistent with the constitution of .the United States. Whereas, it is: the opinion of this Coiurt,.that so much of the said ordinance as imposes the said tax, 'is repugnant, to the. constitution of the 'United Slates' and void. Whereupon it is, considered, ordered and adjudged by this Court, that:the said judgment be, and the same- is hereby reversed and annulled, and that. the said cause be, and thc same is hereby remanded to the'said constitutimnal court forthe state of South Carolina, that such further proceedings may be haft therein as may consist'with IVa and justi&.-

SUPREME COURT.
CAIYDIuS F. LE GRAIM, APPELLA3sT v8. NIcHoLAs DABNAZL, AP-
PELLEE.
The act of the legislature of Maryland, passed in 1796, ch. 47, sec. 13, 4eclares"that all persons'capable in law to make a valid will and testament, may grant freedom to, and effect 'the manumission of apy slaie or slaves belongingto such person or perso'ns, by his, her, or theirJ3st will and tbstament, and 'such manumissiolt of any'slave or sldves may be made to take effect at the death of the testator or testators, or at such other period as may be limited in such lastwill and testament; provided always, that no manumission by last will and testament shall be effectual to give freedom to any slave or slaves, if the same shall be to the prejudice b6fcredltorsi nor unless.the- said stave or slaves shall be under the age of forty-five years, and able to work and,gain,a sufficient maintenanceand7ivelihood at the time thefreedom given shallcommence." The time 'of freedom'of the appellee in this case, commenced when he Was about eleven years old. "Held, that his-maiumission by will was ialfd.
The court of appeals tf Maryland, has decided that a deviie of property real or personal by a master tb his.slave, entitles-the slavqto hih freedom by necessary implication. This'Courf entertains the same opinion, [670]
APPEAL from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Maryland.
The facts of the case appear on the argument of the counsel for the appeUee, and in the opinion of the Court.
Mi Taney, for the appellant, stibmitted the case without argument; stating, that i ' had been brought up merely (n account of its great importande -to the apiellee;which rendered "it desirable that the opinion -of the supreme court should be hid on. the matters in controversy.
Mr Stewart, for the appellee. The case presented by 'the bill, answers and depositions, is as follows. Bennett Darnall, of Ann Arundel county,-in the state of .Maryland, by his will dated August 4th, 1810, devised to his son, Nicholas Darriall, the defendant in this case,'certain. lands lying in the 'county and state aforesaid. The-mother of the said Nicholas was the slave of the testator,.afid Nicholas was -born a slave to his father..

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Le Grand vs. DarnaU.3
Bennett Darnall, in his will, refers to two deeds of manumission executed by him, one in 1805 and the other in 1810, in both of which it sedins Nicholas was included witli other slaves designed to be emanipated.by these deed. By some omission, neither of these deeds are exhibited.
The testator made two codicils -to his will, the last. of which is dated January 20th, 18'14, and was. proved before the register of wills, January 31st, 1814.- Bennett Dfirnall must therefore have died in ,January 1814. Nicholas Darnall, the defendant, sold-the land referred to in the proceedings, to Le Grand the comllainfant, and it appears. by the agreements&dihibited with the bill, that at the time the contrdct was first made, neither party supposed there Vas any. question abbut the title. But afterwards, it seems, doubts were suggested to. Dariall, which he communicated'to L'
Grand, and the agreementi above mentioned were thereupofi made with ftll knowledge on both sides of the su.pposed ,defect~ii the title, and were framed with..reference'-to it.
Le Grand gave his notes for the purchase money, according to the agreement and a-suit'was br6ught on one of them, and judgment recovered in-the circuit court for the district of Maryland; whereupon he filed- his- bill in that court, praying an injunction on the ground that'Darnall was unable to convey him a good title to the land.
The defect supposed to exist, and 'alleged in the bill, is this; that Dirnall was not moie than ten years of -age at the time of his father's death, and at that tender age was unable to work and gain a, sufficien, maintenance ;ind livelihood, and was incapable therefore of receiving manumission by the laws of Maryland.
Th6 answer of Nicholas Darnall insists that he was, at the tim''e of the testator's death, able to work and gain a sufficientlivelihood and maintenance.
F our witnesses were examined. John Mercer ahd 'Robert Welch, prove that Nicholas was about eleven years of age at the time of his father's death, and-describe him as a fine, healthy, intelligent boy, able by his work to maintain himself. Dr James.Stewart and Samuel
VOL. II.-4 I

6 (6

SUPREME COURT.

:[Xd Grand v8; Darni]l
Moor. statetht boys of eleven years .of age in Maryland are able' to. support themselves by their. own labouir, ard specify the kind, of work in; which they, niay be usefully employed.
Upoi. this answer arnd evidence, the Court dissolved -the injunction and dismissed th, bill.
- Itis proper to say, that the. whole of' these proceedings.
have beefi amicable ;. that Ld Grand, is .willing to pay if hi' .titl4 is a .safe one; :ind that Darnall does not wish Le Grand to py unless he'cn .make..a good title to him. -
-By the act of 1796, chap. 67,*sec, 13, slaves may be manumitted ii Maryland, by last.will ;,provided'they be" under *fotty-five'years. of age, and able'to work and gain a sufficient maintenance and livelihpoc; at the time the freedom givei.-shall conmence;
Inthe case of-Hall vs. Mallin,' 5 Harris 8f Johnt. Igo,
-the court'of appeals .have 7decided that a devise of property j;eal.'& personal, by a.maste, o'hisS'slave, entitles the slave to his-freedom; by becegary implication.
.Under this -decision,thet'Wl ofBennett Darnall gave freedom to Nicholas, provided: he .w.as -iii.a condition to receive itat the -testator's death. .The :omission :therefore to pro-
duce,,th deids of manumission is not-mateiial. If they are regarded as not proei, ot as not.effectivie for the purpose inteniled, still the defendnt-'may ely on'his title under the will,
In the ecase of Hamilt'oThs".v8.Crag-g, 6-1arria4SJofhns. 16,
'it was held that -an,infant slave (only three. years'*of age at the.time of.the death of-.e teStator Who attempted to manu-. mit: him), unable -togain'a- sufficient maintenance and livelihood, could.not.be manumitted, It was-this decision that ereated the doubt in.regard to the title of Nicholas Darnall5 for until that- case was, decided, it had been generally supposed that this provision in the-statute.was intended to guard against themanumission of slaves who, although under fortyfive years of age, were suffering under incurable diseases or
constitutional, infirmities which would most probably always disahle-them -from maintaining themselves by their- own labour, and ,makethem a charge upon thq public. It had

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Le Graidvs. Darnall.]
not been generally'.supposed to apply to the case- of children for whose 'maintenance provision could perhaps always be. made by binding them to serve as apprentices, and especially was considered inapplicable, to those children f6r whose suppori abundant provision was made by the testator,. who gave the'freedom.
But without attempting- to disturb the authority of- that case, the proof in 'ihis cause brings 'it expressly .within the principie 'decided in. Hamilton vs. Cragg; . and-.entitles the party to his freedom. The defect -of .title alleged in: the bill is consequently without foundatiip, and- the decree of the court below fully iustified.
Mr Justice DtvALL. delivered the opinign of the Court. This case is brought up - by appeal. from a.depree of the circuit court for the district of'Maryland, sitting as a court of equity; and -is -submitted on written argument. The principal facts are.the following. Benfiett Darnall, late of AnneoArtindel ,oupty, Maryland, on the 4th day of August 1810, duly made and -executed his last will and testament, and thereby devised to his son, the appellee, -several tracts of land in fee,. one of which was called Portland Manor,- containing by estimation five hundred and ninety six acres. The mother of Nicholas 'Darnali was the -slave of the testator, and Nicholas was born the slave of his father, dnd was' bqtween ten. and elev'en years. old at the. time of.-the diath Pf the. testator.- Bennett Darnall, in his wilf, refers to' and confirms ;two deeds of manumission executed-* by him;. one bearing- date in. 1805, and the other in 1810. In both of thiose deed , Nicholag Darnall and a number of other slaves were .included, and emancipated .after his decease. The testator died in the month of January 1814. 'Nichols Darnall, on his arrival to full. age,. took possession Of the propierty devised to him, and on the 26th of April 1826 he entered into a contract with Le Grand the appellant forhe'sale of the tract called Portland Manor for the con-
sideration of tiventy-two dollars per' acre, amounting -to the sum of thirteen thousand one'htndred and twelve dollars,'

668

SUPREME CQURT.

[Le Grand 's, DarnaIL]"
payable by agreement, in six annual payments with interest.
Le Grand passed his'notes pursuant-to the terms of the
agreement, and received' the bond of Darnall to convey to
him the prbperty in fee sinple uponpayment of the'purchase
money. L' Grand was thereupon put into possession of the
land. At the&time the 'contract was made, the parties be-
lieved' the title to'the land to-be unquestionable. Soon af-
terwards, however, doubts, were uggested to Darnall, and
he communicated them to Le Grand, and they entered' into a supplementaky and conditional agreement, without varying in substance the origin'al contract.. Darnall was not more than ten or eleven years of age at, the time of the deith of his father;' and, by a law of the state of Maryland,'it is provided that no manumission by last Will -and testament shall be effectual to give -freedom to -ny slave, unless" the. said slave'shall be under the. age of foi ty-five years, and able to' work anid gain a sufficient maintenance and livelihood at the time the freedom intended to be given shall take.place..
A decision had lately .been made by the court of appeals -of Maryland, in thfie case of Hamilton vs. Cragg, that an infant'(whose age-did not exceed two years when his title, to freedom commenced)-was not able to work and gain a sufficient maintenance and livelihood, and was therefore adjudged to bealslave. This'decisionof the highest court-of hain the state gave rise to doubts concerning the capability of the appellee to make a good title to the land which he had sold to the appellant. .Darnall deposited-the amount of-the first payment,that is to say $000, in the hands of Beinjanin Tuckdr of Philadelphia, to bb held.with the consent of.the appellant subject to the result of an examination into 'the title. In *consequence of. the- decisioh of the court of appeals of Marylandi the heir at law of Bennett. Darnall, the" testator,fmade claim to the,land, and threatened to commence suit for jhe recoveryof it: Le Grand 1eing:'alarmed about the title, refused to make any.furiher payment; and an action was commenced against him,.and judgment recoyered for the' second payment. T6 prevent an execution and to ascertain, under all the- circumstances of the case, whether the appel-
,lee could make a good title to the land'which"he had sold

JANUARY T$lRM 1829.

669

[Le Grand v. Darnall.]
to him, Ie filed lhis bill of complaint-in equity; in..the, circuit. court, "stditing the circumstances, and'obtained an injunctionJ. against any further'proceedings at law. The appellee put in his answer,admitting all the facts sfated in the bill, except* that of his inability'to 'gain a'mainiepnance and liveliM'odd.by'. labour, when his right to freed6M commeficed. The case Was submitted to the'court upon the bill- -answer, e~hibits arid.proof which had- been- taken ; and the'court, upon dueconsideration, ordered, -the' injunction to be dissdl.ved, and. .decreed the bill to.be dismissed. From.this decree;.anap.peal was taken to this, Court, and, the -cause is,no to, be
finally decided. ,.There is-onequestion onlyto be discussed.- Ifthe-appel-
lee, at the -time of the .death of- the testator, was entitled to his freedom-bnder' the will and deeds of manimission.beforb mentioned, thep-'his title to the land sold Was unquestionable. His claim to freedom inder-the instruments -aboie referred to depends.upon a just consjruction'of the -et of. the legislature of.Maryland, passed in .the ydar 179.6,.ch, 47, sect. 13.
The words of the act are these: "that all 15ersuns.capable in -law to make a valid will and testament;. may-grant free-
dom to,, and effect- the manumission of any slave.'or slves -belonging to. such person orpersons,'by his her or their last will and testament; and such manumisioif of any slave or slaves may be made'to take effect at the deaih of the eastator or testators, or at such.other period'as maybe limited in strwh last will and testameni; provided always, that no manurhission by last -will ahd testamenti shall. be. effectual to give freedom to 'any -slave or slaves,, if the 'same shall -be tb prejudice of creditors'; nor "unlesg ihe Said- -slae orslaves shall be.under the -ge of forty-five years, and able to.work andgain a &ufflCienimaintenance aahd livelihood a the time the freedom giveh shall commence.". The time of the freedoa of th :appellee commen.ced'immediately'afterthe death of the -testator, when, according to the. evidence he was about eleven years'old. Four respectable witnesses of the njeighbourhood -w. ere exandined. They all agree in'.their testimony, that Nicholas was' wel grown, healthy and intakJi'gent, and.of good bodily an'mental capacity: that "he-aii

.670:

SUPREME COURT.

[Le Grand vs. Darnall.]
..his .brother'Henry could2 readily, hav'e found employment, 'either as house servant boys, or on a farm, or as apprentices; -And that they were able to-.workand gain aclivelihood. The Itestator~devised to each of themh real and personal estate to a 'considerable amount. 'They hid' "guardians apnoinied, were well ,educated and Nicholas isnow living in afluence. Experience' has proved .that he was able to work; and gain'a silfficient'tniintenance and.livelihood. No doubt as to the fact has ever been entertained by any -who know himi. Of course, he was capable 'in law to sell and.dispose of the
whole or any. part of his estate,.and to execute the. necessary instruments of writing to convey. a sufficient title to the pur-
-chase.
S"T-he couEt of appeals- of Maryland iithe case df Hale vs. Mullin, decided, that'a devise'of property redl,or personal
hy a master to his,slave, entities the slave'to his freedom by necesary implieation. This Court entertains the same opinion.
It isn"ot the'ificlinati'on 6f this Court to express any opinion as to the-chrectnegs of thecdecision of'the court of appeals of Matyland,'in. ecise of Hamilton 'vs. Cragg.' It is un-
nPecessary in refbrenceto the case .under cohsideration.' The decree of-thae circuit court is :affirmed; and by con-
sent of parties without costs.

This.ause came on .to'be he'hrd' on the 'lrafiicript of the redord from the circuit. eourt.of the United States for th district of Maryland, and was argued by counsel;-on consi-
deration whereof, it isc.onsiaeredj ordered and decreed by
this Court, 'that the decree 'of'the said circuit court in this cause be and'the same. is hereby affirmed without costs.

&S

SUPREME COURT.*

WnLLvx C. GAXminu vs. JoiiN A. CQLLINs'ET AL.
Where the question upon the construction of the statute o'fa state relative to real property, has been settled by any judicial decision in the statewhere the lid lies; this Court, upon the uniform principles adopted by it, would recognise tha, decislon as a part of the local law. [85]
The statute of descents of Rhode Island, of 1822, enacts, ",that when any person having title-to any real estate of inheritance shall die intestate as to such estate, it shall descend, tnd pass in equal portions to his or her kindred in the following course." It then provides, "if there be no father, then to the mother, brother, and sister of such intestate, and their descendants, or such of theni as there be ;" and then declares',/in the nature of a proviso, that, "when the title to any estate of inheritance, as to which the person having such titslheall (lie intestate, came by descent, gift, or.devise from the parent or other kindred of the intestate, and such intestate die without children; such estate shall go-to the kin next to the intestate, of the blood (f the'person from whom such estate came or
descended, if any there be.". An estate situated in Rhode Island, was devised by John Co~llns, to his daugh-
ter, Mary Collins, in fee; Mary Collins intermarried with Caleb Gardner, and upon her death, in 1806, the estate descdnded to her three children, John, George, and Mary C. Gardner. John and George Gardner died intestate and without issue, and Mary C. Gardner, as heir to her brothers, became seised of the whole estate, and died in 1822. Held, that under the provisions of the law of descent6 of Rhode Island, two-thirds of the estate of Mary C. Gardner descended to Samuel F. Gardner, Eliza Phillips, formerly Eliza Gardner, and Mary Clarke, formerly Mary Gardner, children of Caleb Gardner by a former marriage; they being brothers and sisters of the half blood of Mary C. Gardner; it being admitted that 1he remaining one-third, which Mary C.Gardner took by immediate descent from her motherbelongs to the heirs of the whol6 blood-of John Collins. [86]
The phrase "of the blood . in the statute, includes the half blood. This'i 5 the natural meaning of the word "blood," standing alrne, and.unexplained by' any cpntext. A half brother or sister.is of the blood of the intestate; for each of them has soine of the blood of a common parent in his or her veins. A person is with the most strict propriety of language affirmed to be of the blood of another, who has any, however small a portion, of the same blood derived from a common ancestor. In the common law, the word " 'blood" is used in the same sense. Whenever it is intended to express any qualification, the word whole or h¢lf blood is generally used to designate it, or.the qualification is implied from the context, or known principles of law. [87]
A descent from a parent to a child cannot be construed to mean a descent through, and not from a parent. So a gift or devise from a parent, must be conStrup.d to mean a gift or-devise by theact bf that parent, and not by that of some other ancestor more remote passing through the parent. -[90]
It is true, that'in a sinse an estate may be said to rome by descent from a remote ancestor to a pe!rson upon whoh it has devolved, through many intermediatb'descents. .But this, if not loose language, is not that sense which is ordinarily annexed to the terms.. When 'an estate is said to have descended from A.

JANUARY TERM. 1829

[Gardner vs. ollins ef-ah.
to B., the natural and obvious fheaning of the words is, that it is an immediate descent from A. to B. [91]
At the common law,.a man might sometimes inherit who was of the whole blood of the intestate, who could'not hive inherited from the first purchaser. As in the case of a purchase by a son who 'dies.without issoe, and his uicie inherits the same, and dies without issue; the father may inherit'the same from the.uncle, although he could not inherit from his own son. [93]

IN the circuit couit of the United States-for the -district

of Rhode Island, the plaintiff, William C. Collins, instituted

an action of ejectment for the recovery Pf two-thirds of cer-

tain real estate in the state of Rhode Island, of which:Mary.

C. Gardner died seised and intestate.

The facts of the case agreed up6n were as follows:

"The estate in question, two-thirds of which isdemanded

by the plaintiff, in his said writ, was the estate in fee simple

of the late John Collins, esq. iieceased, the father.of the de-

fendant, and the purch(ser of said estate. That the said

late John -Collins died in 1817, -leaving lawful issue, viz.

John A. Collins, Abigail Warren, and Mary \Collins; and

leaving a last will and testament, wherein andwh'erebyi he

'ievised" the estate in question to his ,daughter, the said

Mary Collins, in fee simple; who became seised and p6s-

sessed thereof accordingly, and continued s6 -seised and

possessed thereof to the time ofher death, viz. the 2d of Oc-

tober 1806, and died intestate. That the said Mary Collins

intermarried with" Caleb Gardner, on or ubout the ,-day

of

and at her death left lawful issue, viz. John

Collins Gardner, George Gardner, and Mary. C. Gardner.

The said John Collins Gardner died the 17th of November

1806, aged about-

, of course intestate, and without

issue. The said George Gardner died the 18th of Septem-

ber 1811, aged about

years, of course intestate, arid

without issue. The said Mary C. Gardner died the 31st of

December 1822, aged about

- , intestate and with-

out'issue. That, at the death of-their mother, the said John-

Collins Gardner, George Gardneri,ahd Mary C. Gardner, took

from their said mother the said estate, as her heirs at law, in

equal parts, and became seised and, possessed of the same

accordingly, in fee .simple, and continued so seised and pos-

sessed till the death of the said John Collins Gardner, viz.

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Cqlrins et al.]
till the 17th of November 1806. That, thereupon, his part
of the said estate deseended to and vested in his surviving brother and sister, viz. George Gardner and Mary C. Gardner, in fee simple; in equal moieties; and thereupon the said George Gardner and Mary C. Gardner became seised and possessed of the estate in question, in equal a'nd undivided moieties, and fee simple, and so continued seised' and possessed till the death of the s'aid George Gardner, the 18th of September 1811. .That, thereupon, his part of said estate descended to andvested in his sisterthe saidAlary C. Gardner, in fee simple, and she became seised and possessed of the same accordingly, and thereby became seised and possessed of the whole estate in question, in fee simple; and so continued seised and possessed to t ie time of her death, viz. to the 31st of December 1822. That, at the death of the said Mary C. Gardner, the defendants, viz. the said John A. Collins and Abigail Warren went into possession of the estate ia.question, claiming to be the heirs of the said Mary C. .Gardner; and the defendants have continued possessed thereof, claiming it as their inheritance without interruption or adverse claim, till the'plaintiff's suit as aforesaid.
That the plaintiff, by deeds duly executed, became seised and possessed of all the rightand title of the said Samuel F. Gardner, Eliza Phillips, and Mary Clarke, in and to the demanded premises. The plaintiff and Samuel F. Gardner and Eliza Phillips are children of the said Caleb Gardner by a former marriage. That the said Mary Clarke is -also a child of said Caleb Gardner, by a former marriage, and are brother and sister of the half blood to the said Mary C. Gardner. That the said plaintiff and Samuel IF.Gardner, Eliza Phillips and Mary'Clarke, are not. of kin to the said -late John Collins, esq. deceased, and have not any' of his blood in their veins. , And if, upbn'the foregoingcfats, the court shall be of opinion that the plaintiff, and tliose under whom he claims, are heirs. at law of the said Mary C. Gardner, and entitled to said estate, then judgment to be given for the plaintiff; but, if not, then jutdgment to be rendered
for the said defendant."
The statute of Rhode Island upon which the plaintiffs in

JANUARY TERM 18,9.

01

[Gardner vs. Collins et al.1
the ejectment claimed to recover, was paised in January 1822,.and is entitled, "n act directingU descent of intestateestates, and the set-
tlemeq t ereof, andfor other purposes therein mentioned.
"SECTION 1. Be it enactedby the generaZassembjl], and by thMmuthority thereofit ise acted,.That heficeforth when any person having title to any'real estate ofinheritance shall die intestate as to such estate, it shall descend and pass, in equal portions, to 'his or herkindred in the'fllowing course:,
To his or piar children, or their descendants, ifany there be: If there be no childie. nor their descendants, then to the father of such' intestate: If t'here be no father; then to the mother, brothers and Sigters of such intestate, and their descendants, or such of them as there be : If there be no mother, nor brother, nor sister nor theii descendants, the inheritance'shall go in equal moieties to' the paternal and maternal kindred, each in the-folIowing course: First to the gr~pdfather: If there be notrandfather, then to the grandmother, uncles and aunts, on the same side, and their descendants, or such of them as there be: If there be no grandmother, uncle nor aunt, iior their descendants, then' to the great-grandfathers, or great-grandfather if there be but one: If there be no great-grandfather, then to-the great-grandmothers, or great-grandmother if there be but one, and. e brothers and sisters of the grandfathers and grandmothers, and their descendants, or such of them 'as. there be, and so on in other eases without end; passing to the nearest.lineal male ancestors, and for want 6f them, to the lineal female ancestors, in the same d~gree, and the descendants of such
male and female lineal ancestors, or sueh of them as there be.But no right in the inheritance -shall -accrue to any per-.
.sons whatsoever, other tfian to the childrea.of the intestate,. unless such persons be in being, and capable 'in law to take, as heirs, at the time ofthe intestate's death.
And when herein the inheritance is directed to go.by nioie-.

SUPMEME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
ties to the paternal and maternal kindred, if there be no such kindred on the one part, the whole shall go to the other part; and if there be no kindred, either on the one part or the other, -the whole shall go to the husband or wife of the intestate; and if the wife or husband be dead, it shall go to his or her kindred in the like course as if such husband or wife had survived the intestate, and then died entitled to the estate
The descendants of any person deceased, shall inherit the estate which such person would have inherited, had such ,person survived the intestate.
When the title to any realestateof inheritanceas to which the person having such title shall die intestate, came by descent, gift or devise,from the piarent or other kindred of the intestate, and such intestatedie without children,such estate shall go to the kin next to the intestate, of the blood of the person from whom such estate came or descended, ifany there be."
For some time prior to the passage of this act, the law of descents of Rhode Island was regulated by an act of 1798, the first section of which nearly resembles the clause in the statute of 1822. It was as follows:
"When the title of,any real estate of inheritance, as to which the person having such title, shall die intestate, came by descent, gift, or devise, fro mltle -parent or other kindred of the intestate, and such intestate die without children, such estate shall go to the next of kin of the intestate of the blood of the Derson from whom -such estate came or descended."
The judges of the circuit court of Rhode Island, having divided in opinion upon the case, the decision was certified to this Court for its decision
Nit Whipple, for the plaintiff, made the following points. * 1. That vt common law. the' phrase "of the blood," includes "the half blood."
2. That if this is not the case at common law, the phrase "of the blood," as it is used in ihe statute of Rhode Island, necessarilyincludes the half blood.

JANUARY TERM 1629.
[Gardner vs. Collins et aL.]
:3T.hat the person whose blood is*referred to in the statute, as. constituting "the stock of descent," is that kindred from whom the intestate derived the estate, by immediate descent; to wit, the brothers, and not the mother of the intestate, Mary C. Gardner.
He argued, that the act of the legislature of Rhode Island gives the estate " to the next of kin of the intestate,- of the blood of the person from whom such estate came or descended;" and by the tet of 1822, there is added, "if any there be."
The defendants contend, that "1the blood," ex vi termini, means the whole.blood; because they assert this to be the meaning at common law.
For tile plaintiff, it is claimed that. neither at the common laW, nor by the proper construction of the statute of Rhode Island, the whole blood is intended; and that as the plaintiff claims as half blood, and as representing those who were of the half blood of Mary C. Gardner, the'person last seised; the whole question in the cause, and which alone is to be decided by this Court, depends upon a proper construction of the law of Rhode Island of 1822.
In order to arrive at a s6und conclusion upon the case, it may be proper to examine wihat is the meaning of the word: blood at common law.
Udei the sixth canon of desecnts, in reference to the intestate,the word "whole" is added, which would not have been necessary if that was'the natural import of the term. In reference to purchasersthe word. " blood" simply is used; which means, when used alone, half as well awbhole blood.
Iii a note to Chitty's Blackstone's Commentaries, Vol. II. p.5; is the ThlBacvng - nguage.
"It should here-be "oicre that though, it is necessary that a person who would.Succeed, must show himelf to b6 of the blood of She first purohaser;, yet, where the persons . who inherit succeed or.derive title to the inheritance by virtue of remote and interrfiediate descents from the purchaser, it will be sufficient-if Ithey be related by hatf blood onily to the purchaser, or to such other remote and intermediate ancestors, who were formerly and- intermediately

SUPREME COURT.
(Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
seised of the inheritance, in the regular course of descent from the purchaser; provided, according to the rule which follows, they are the worthiest legal relatives of the whole blood, to the person last seised." Robinson on Inheritance, 45, is cited. He mighl have cited better authority.,
In I Co. Litt. sec. 8, p. 14, b. it issaid, "But if-there be two brothers by divers ventres, and the eldest is seised of land-in fee and die without issue, and his uncle-enter as next of kin to him, who also dies without issue; now the younger son may have the land*as heir tothe uncle, for he is of the whole blood to him, albeit he .be but of the half blood of his elder brother." What is the meaning of the terms "of the blood," as used in the statuteq The object of the provision was to continue the estate in the blood of the person from whom it descended; to find a stock of inheritance, not to establish a new rule of descent. The provision has no,application, except to a*case where the purchaser or preceding holder has already transmitted it to his heirs. Under the enacting clause, the half blood take from the purchaser on the first descent. An heir of the purcha er dies, will not the same blood take from the heir thai took from the ancestor! It is to go to the kin, that is the whole or half blood of the intestate, of the whole blood of the purchaser. According. to the argument for the defendant, this reverses the common law; which gives to the whole blood of the intestate, of the whole or half blood of the purchasei. After giving it to the half blood on the first descent, you can never narrow the capacity of inheritance. You may enlarge it as the common law does, but not give in the first descent and lake away in the second. The family, the blood of the purchaser, is-his whole and half blood. The object is to continue the estate in the blood. The second quesiion is, who is "the person" who is t6 constitute the stock of descent, "the first purchaser, or the last ancestor." We agree that the- object of the statute was to preserve d&tates in families. We disagree as to the extent of the

JANUARY -TERM 1829

65

[Gardner vs. Collins et rl.]
object. 'What but the language of the act can determine that question. It is not the identity but th)e extent of the object, about which we differ. The former might be determined'by other considerations, the latter by nothing but the words of the act.
2. The acts of 1798 and 18202, admit of two readings. "To such of the next of kin of the intestate as are of the blood of the person from whom such right, title or interest came or descended ;" or "to the nearest of such of the kin of
the intestate as are of the blood," &c. The second reading will, in most cases, -gvepit to a more remote relation -of the inteitate than the first; and "as the next of kin is the:pri-"
mary object of the statute, the former reading should be preferred.
3. Suppose we adopt the latter, however. If first purchaser had been intended,why not expressedq If the principle,why not the language of the common law! Its meaning is well settled and comprehensive. Technical words are adopted, as in other. statutes. It was drawn by lawyers, who generally, usetechnicalwordsf--not in haste. Why use-eightnew words to express the meaning of three old ones ?
A studious rejection of the words,'proves that the principle was not :intended to be adopted.
Other leigislatures have made the same mistake- Tley intended the first purchidser if we did,'for their langnage is similar. ,Not a statute in the union except-that of the state of New. York-admits the first purch.aser. A reference to the statutes of Connecticut, 7'tew York, .JVw .r'sey and Penisylvania, will 'maintain this positibn.
4. Why. connect "descent, gift and devise" together, if there is,-.in fact, no connecting -medium-between them 1'In "-the case of gift.and devise, the last uncestor is agreed to be the stok' "If he is not also in the ether-case of descent, wha40-i.there in common between them ? Why use them in connection, wlen they express- two sephrate principles, .establish two distinct rules, and traiisfer the estate to. two different sets of heirs& In those thre' cases, the same pers.on; shall be the stock of'descent. This-is common to them all. connects them in principle,.nd therefore they are connected
Vor,. II.-T

66

SUPREME COURT,

[Gardner vs. Collins.et aL]
in language We never speak of a multitude, unless to say something applicable to a multitude. When something is intended applicable to a part,and something else applicable to another part, we separate them in our discourse.
Something then was intended, equally'applicable to all the three modes of transmission; and this shows that it can be nothing else but the same stock of descent. Something was to be done, equally applicable to all; for the statute directs what shall be done in those three cases. What is it9 The answer is, the same stock of descent. There is a difference between'the description and the dieposition of the estate., The word or, belongs to the former. It has nothing ,to do either distributively, or collectively, wifh 'the latter. Such estate shall go, &c. What estate?. The estate which came by descent, gift or devise. There is but one estate, and one channel for it to pass.
5. To 'show the true meaning, and necessary construction of th4 words that are used.
The -words,." parent 'or other" kindred," embrace the br6ther. Parentincludeq father and mother. dll the other kindred are included under the othet terms. General words comprehending particulars, are the same as an enumeration. of particulars. The order in which they stand is of-no importancTd. "From the brotheror other kindred," would be the same as those now used.
If a descent from all is provided for, the same as if enumerated; an immediate descent is intended. They agree that an immediate descent in the case of gift and. devise is intended; and in some cases of descent, as an immediate descent-froni thepurchaser;can both be intended!. Does not an immediate,' exclude an intermediate descent!. Such a descent must come through those kindred who'are entitled 'to be stocks of descent.
No-other qualification is requireca tlian to be of the kindred. The words are not to such of the kindred as are first purchasers.-
Tn the preface of Judge- Swift's Treatise on Descents,, p. ITJi"t is said in relation to our statutes; "But in the lau of descents therC is an almost total change of. the common

JANUARY TERM 1829
[Gardner vs;Collins et al.]
law. It is radically new in each state,' bearing -no resemblance to the common-law in most. of the states, and having .greatand essential differences in all."
The -laiws of descent in every state in the union, except New York and New Jersey, are altogether different from the common law.
. The case of Hall vs. Jacobs, in 4 Harris John. Rep. 249, was this. The father devises to his'tliree children, A.. B. and C. and dies. A. and B. die intestate, and their shares
descend to C. The court say, that the statute provides for three cases;
1. Estates descended on the part of the father. 2. Estates descended on the part of the mother. 3. Estates by purchase. This case is neither: "but 'it vested in the intestate by immediate descent from his. biother and sister, a course of descent expressly directed by-the act of assembly in the .cage-of a purchaser, and is knowni also to the commoni law."
In Stewart's'Lessee vs. Evans, 3 Harris§- John. 287, an bstatie descended to John Stewart's -two children, Jane. and Alexander. Jane died, and her portion descended to Alex.ander, who -also died intestate.' The-question was, whether
this estate camq to the intestate, on.thepartof the father, -or on the part. of the sister.- The defendant's counsel agreed,-" that it did not comaefrom or through the father, yet that'it was on the part of tje father;-" andso the court decided without giving.their reasons.
In the case of -Shippen vs. Izard, I Serg. 4' Rlawle, 2,25,
Tilghman, chief -justice, says, " The words- on the part of thb father, andfrom the .father, are so different, -that.1 cannot conceive how the former can be restricted to the father alone without violence to their plain meaning. Not only is there a difference in commion, phrase,. but in legal acceptation; for the phrase, on the part of the'father, is familiar o The common law, and must have been borrowed from that source by the persons who drew this act of assembly. That it comprehends not only the father but all the- ancestors of the fathir, -both 'paternal and maternal, atftjears by the citation of the plaintiff's counsel from Co. Litt. 12.,a." Yate:, justice, Yvas of the same opinion.

68

SUPREME COURT

[Gardner vs- Collins et a].]
The act of Virginia of 1793, provides, that when an infant died seised of property, which descended " from the father," the maternal kindred. shoul;l be excluded.
In 1 .Munford's Rep. i83, the case of Tomlinson.vs. Dilliard, decided in'3 C'all'sRep. 120, was reviewed. The case of Wyatt vs. Muse and wife, also came before the court.
The case was a descent from the father to his children, and from a deceased child to the intestate. ' The court de-
cided that the mother, ox her issue, were not excluded, where the property was derived, not immediately, but by -intervening succession from the father.. (Cited also, the opiniob., of Justice Tucker, 215.) In p. 197, Mr Justice Tucker cites a former decision, and says; " In that case it was determined, that Mrs Gee, the mother of Sarah Jones, was entitled to inherit lands from the daughter, who died an infant, which she had derived from .her brother John Norfleet; to whom the same were devised by his father, who was also the father of Sarah Jones. In that case, however, J.ohn Norfleet had attained his age of twenty.-one years; but I.was of opinion, and understood the rest of the judges who sat in the cause.to. concur with me in that.opinion, that the mother might have inherited these lands, although John Norfleet had not attained his age of twenty-one years; for that the descent from the father to the daughter was not immediate but broken, and therefore not within the excepltions contained in the fifth and sixth sections."
The words of the dct under which the above depisions were made, are as follows: " That where an infant .hall die without issue, having title to any real estate of inheritance, derived by gift, devise or descent, from the father, ands.there be living at the death of such infant, his father, or any brother and sister on the part of the father, or the paternal grandfather or grandmother of such infant, or any brother or sister of the father, or any descendant of any of
them; such estate shall descend and pass 'to the paternal kindred without regard totle mother or maternal kindred of such infant; in the same manner as if there had been no mother or materinal kindred."
in sdction sixth there is a similar provision as to estates,

JANUARY TERM 1829.
tGardner vs; Collins et al.]
from the mother, The~e are the words ot the act of 1819; but they do not in 'thi§ respect differ from the act- of 1792.
Many other d.ecisions may be found, but not exactly to 'the *point. The remarks of Mr Justice Roane, in 3 Call's Rep. 96, arc worthy of attention.
The case of Hilliard vs. Moore, in 2 -CarolinaLaw Depository, 590, is exactly, like the case of Collins and Gard-' ner, .as to its facts. The decision was in favior of the matef-, nal line, and would have been decisively against us, -had the .words of their -act rendered such a decision uia-' voidable. 'The words of the act are, " descended on the part of the.mother." This decision supports the distinction taken by Chief Justice Tilghman and Mr Justice Yates,,in
er,. "l~Raw4e, already referred to. As to the spirit of the act, !o 'contended: 1. The defendants takefOr granted that the object was to preserve the estate in ilhe family of .Mary Collins. How do thecy arrive.at this knowledgeq The legislature havc- not declared their 9bject. They have only pro ided certainmeans, and the extent of the object ought to be measured by those means. "They make the' meaths bend to the supposed object. Because the Object was to- preserve estates in families to a certain extent, they conclude that an estate going out of a family defeats the intention. Have the Court-a 'right to resort to other means than those of the statute .1 Do they-do so at common law, in order to
prevent an estate's going out of'a family .
'2. A strQhig -objection to the doctrine of a first purchaser,
is the difficulty of ascertaining him, and the consequent
uncertainty of the rule.
The proofs of 'descents frequently rest in parol. The defendants take for granted, that the common law means will prevent the evil of an estate going o'ut o the family. So uncertain and impossible ii the proof, that tle common
law'has abandoned it, and substituted a rule of law in the - lieu' of actual proof; this is the ixth canon of descents.
In cases of actual descents from a real first purchaser. the difficulties are the same.

SUPR.EME, a6u.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al
In 2 Bl. Com. it is said: "Yet when an estate has really descended in a course of inheritance to the person last seised, the strict rule of the feudal law is still observed; and none are admitted but the heirs of those throigh whom the inheritance has passed; ,as if lands come to John Stiles by descert , from his mother Lucy Baker, no relation of his father, (as such) shall ever be his heir to these lands.
Here we .may observe, that so far as the feud is really. antiquum, the law traces it back; and will not suff6r any'to inherit but the blood of those ancestors from whom the feud was conveyed to thedlate proprietor.
"But when through length-of time it can trace it no farther, as if it be not known whether his grandfather George Stiles inherited it from his father. Walter Stiles, or his mother Christiana Smith; or if it appear that his grandfather was the first purchaser; in either of those cases, the law admits the descendants of any ancestor of George Stiles, either paternal or maternal, to be in their order the heirs to John Stiles o.f this estate."'
Agaiii, to show how uncertain a rule that of the first pur'chaser was; "the doctrine of the whole blood (p. 230) was c.alculated to supply .thefrequent impossibility of proving a descent from the first purchaser. And this purpose it answers for the most part effectually enough. I speak with these restrictions, because it does not, neither can any other method answer this purpose entirely."
Suppose three orfour descents with the aid of whole blood, and sole succession. What could we do towards finding the purchaser, under half blood and partible inheritances. Let Blackstone answer: 2 Bi. 201.
"Here then the supply of proof is deficient, and by no means amounts to a certainty; and the higher the. common stock is removed, the more will even the probability decrease. But it must be Observed, that upon the same principles of calculations, the half blood have a much less chance of being descended from an unknowri, indefinite, ancestor of the deceased, than the whole blood in the same degree; as in the first degree the whole. brother of John Stiles is sure to, be

JANUARY TERM 1829

[Gardner vs. Co)lins et al.]

descended from the unknown ancestor; his half brother has only an even chance, for half John's ancestors are not his.
"So in the second degree, John's uncle of thh whole bloodhas an even chance ; but the chances are three to one against his uncle of the half blood, for three-fourths ofJohi's ancestprs are not his. In like manner, in the third degree, the chances are.only three to one against John's great uncle of the whole blood; -but they are seven to one against his uncle of the half blood. This much less probability of the half blood's descent from the first purchaser, has occasioned their general exclusion."
These remarks apply to the7 case of a real descent. Suppose it is not known from whom the grandfather George Stiles inherited, his father Walter or his mother Ghristiana. The'whole blood would give an even chance. The half blood
might give only one infour. Partibleinheritancesincrease the difficulty by the num-
ber of descents. In a country-increasing in population, and freed from the
influence of those principles _in the law of inheritance of

England, which had their origin in feudal times; rules of such difficult application are impolitic and oppressive.
Another objection to the doctrine of first purchaser is, that it is inconsistent with an allodial tenuie. If acknowledges a claim in sdme other person than the intestate. This is an objection to going back at all. But going to the first purchaser is worse, because he has no claim, either at conimon law or the statute; at common law it was in the lord.
If we give it to any one, give it to him who has some share of claim.
It sacriifices- the main objects of regard, the kindred of the intestate in.favour of a subordinate object; the blood of

the purchaser.

--

Among the reasons fbr the construction of the act of the

legislature, claimed by the plaintiff, Mr Whipple nrged, that

t"Descent, gift, and devise," are connected on account

of blood. Whose blood? That of the devisor and devisee, not that of the purcha.ser. The consideration being their blood, the reward ought to be to their blood.

SUPREME COURT
[Gardner vs. Collins et Al.]
The three modes of transmission are the acts of the party The person who bestowed the bounty is the only person having any claim. His claim -extends only to the person upon whom .he bestowed the bounty, his heir. He has no claim on anyfitture descendant, because to him he has not been liberal.
The.claim then is by the devisor or ancestor, because he isthe only source of the.bounty.
The estate descen!ds upon his heir or devisee, and him alone;because he alone is indebted to the ancestor or devisor, to the extent of the bounty conferrcd, and to no greater extent.
The intestate, Mary C. Gardner, was her mother's heir for one-third;that was the extent of herbbunty. To her brofhers for two-thirds. For the same reason that Mary Collins has a claim for. one-third, the brothers have for two-thirds.
She transmitted her portion of her father's estate to her children. This gives her a claim upon each. Ifher children transmit their portion of her estate, they have the same claim upon'those to whom they transmit it,
The plaintiff's counsel denied that the construction claimed'by the counsel for the defendant was the received law of Rhode Island. No case was cited on the argument in the circuit court to establish such a construction ; afid when the experience of the bar was appealed to upon the subject, it was not followed by any evidence that the principles of construction the defendants asserted, had ever gone into use in the state, with the sanction of a judicial decision. While he admitted that the statement of the counsel of the defendant, that the law was with him by the common understanding of those, who did not from their education or their situation know what the lawwas; he denied that this, which might be denominated "street law," could or sliould have any influence in this Court. The construction which this Court would give, would be adopte& from other views, and from higher authorities; the principles of the common law, and the fair and legal import of the words of the statute.
Mr.Ro Dins, for the defendants.. The common law'of desccnt of England has two lcading

J ANUARY TERM 1829.

72

[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
objects in view; one is to preserve the inheritance ifi the blood of that family by whom it was originally-acquired: this is the dictate of nature; for it is an object that approves itself to reason, and recommends itself to the best affections of the human heart: it operates as a, stimulus to exertion, by furnishing the means and the hope of building up, and perpetuating a family, and providing for its happiness: it clerishes, by gratifying the love of kindred, a natural and a noble sentiment, and one in which the sentiment of patriotism itselfhas its root; for the love of country is but the love of kindred expanded.
The other leading purpose is, to keep the inheritance entire, by keeping -it, for the time being, in a single representative of that family by whom it was acquired: this object was the offspring of state policy; and by it the sentiments of nature are more or less controlled.
The pebplE of Rhode Island brought with them from their *mother country, a fond attachnient to both views; and of this the proof : that for more than one hundred years, the law of descent of England was their law. But at length in 1770, they were wbaned froift one of these objects; namely, -that of keeping the inheritance entire, by keeping it in a single representativ-. of the familr:_but the other object, that of keeping the descent of the inheritance in the blood of the family by whom it had been acquired, they fondly retained, and still fondly cherish.
This case comes up upon the division of the court below, as to the interpretation of the statute of descent, passed in 1822", which is the same in substance as the statute passed in 1798. One interpretation gives the estate in question to the plaintiff, the other interpretation gives the estate to the defendants; between the two interpretations lies the conflict of the cause.
The defendants claim the inheritance of this estate under a provision of the statute, which is in-these words. viz..
"When the title to any-real estate of inheritance, as to which the person having suci title shall die intestate, come by descent, gift, ordevise, from the parent or other kindred of the intestate, and such intestate die without children, such'
Vol. II.--:K

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et at.]
estate"shall go to the kin next to the intestate, of the blood .of the-,person from whom suchestate came or descended, if any there be."
The question is as to the person Teferred to, whose blood is to inherit. Is it the person from whom the estate originally came or descended- to the intestatel If so, then the estate goes to the defendants; for they aie the next of kin to the intestate who are of the blood of that person; it goes to the"defendants and it keeps the descent of the family inheritance in the blood *ofthe family, by whom it was acquifed,- and from whom it has descended :and this is one interpretation. -Or, is it the person from whom the estate last came or descended q If so, then tie estate goes to the plaintiff; for though th6 defendants are of the blood of that person, and of kin to'that person as well as the plaintiff, yet the plaintiff is nearer of'kin to that person; it goes to the plaintiff, and the family inheritance goes out of the blood of that family'by whom it was acquired, and frQm whom it has descended, into the blood of another and a foreign.family; hereafter to descend in the blood of that foreign-family: and this is the oiher-interpretation. * Now, "blood ofthe person from whom such estate bame or descended". may mean either the jperson from whomit originally came or, descended, 'or the person from whom it last came or descended: neither the word .originally, -ior the wo'd last is used, but either may be understood as implied, .asi the case may require; andithat "Wrd must be understood as implied which is necessary toexpress that meaning That -meaning must be Adopt!d khich was-the meaning of-the legislature.'- Btut one way 'of settling what-was. the'meaning of the legislature in this case ig known, and that is, 'by 'determining what was the. object of the "legislature in making, this provision. Doubtless, the legislature intended those words to be understood in that sense which is necessary to the accomplishment of their object.. ay that the object was to preserve the family inheritance in the blood of that family by whom it had bee-acquired, and fromwhom it had descended'; and-our con.struction must be adopted, in order to'dffectuate that object; for. if it is not, and -the other .con-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Gardner vs. Collins et,al.]
struction is adopted, that object must be defeated. It would be .defeated in the present instance at once; it must be in all 'cases s6oner or later.
Even, if there were any verbal or literal difficulties- in the way of our construction, and none are perceived, they must give way when opposed to the intention of,the legislature; for it is a settled -rule of law, " that what is within the'letter of.a statute is not within the statute, if it be not within'the intention of the legislature." . The construction claimed by the defendants appears the 'Most natural of the two; and must so appear to every mind accutstomed to that law of inheritafice, which :our construction supposes. :In expressing this idea'we would not think of using the wiord originally; w6 would understand that'word as .implied, and would 'suppose that every'body- would understand it as
implied. But it is-enough that these -words are suseeptible of either
interpretation; and that the object of the legislature in making that provision, is to determine which of them is the true interpretation.
That the olbject of the legislature-wasAo preserve andperpetuate the family inheritancein the:blood of the family, by whom it was originally acquired, appears- As evident asif they had so said in so many words.
It is obvious in the first place from the.distinction which the stattite makes between estafes acquired' by the intestate, and estates derived to the intestate from parent or 'other kindred. As to all estates acquired by the intestate, or de-"
rived to hiti from any person, other than parent -or 6ther " kindred; the statute makes the intestate the stock of inhe-. ritance, and hi next of-kin his heir at law. But as to all estates'derived ti)th&intestate from parent or other kindred,.. by descent, gift, or devise; the statute makes the person, from whom the estate came or descended, the stock of i 'herit,-nce; and it makes the next of kin t6othe ibtestate, who is of theblood of that person, the heir at law..- Now,
it is inquired, what'possible object could there haye- been for this distinction, but that of keeping the family inherit-'
ance in the'blood of the family'!

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
But further, the same distinction is made between estates derived, and derived in the same. mannier too, to the intestate. If the estate is derived, to the intestate, by descent, gift or devise; but not derived from a parent, or other kindred ; he is made the stock of inheritance, and his next of kin is made his heir at'law. But if the estate is derived to him, from a parent or other kindred by descent or devise, then the person from whom it came or descended is made the stock of inheritance; and the next of kin, who is of the blood of that person, is made the heir at law. Providing then a different stock of descent, and a different rule of descent, for e~tates derived from a parent or other kindred, and for those estates only, must have been done to keep the descent of such estates in-the blood of such parent or other kinTdhreend;itainsd could have been dore with no other-view.
asked, if this, which had always been an object of thieir descent law,, was not to remain a provision of their descent law, why was this provision introduced .at all. If this object was to be abandoned, this provision wis not necessary. If this was not the object, and their construetion be the true one, the legislature made a general iule of descen't;'and then made an exception, to it, by which exception no rational end whatever was to be answered.
It has been said, that it always had been the Wish of the descent law of that people, to perpetuate the family inheritance in the blood of the family. A- short review of the history of that law, will prove ,this a correct statement.
The common law of descent of England, was the law of descent of that people to 1718, without any alteration- or
intermission. This law was secured .by their descent law up tp that time; for it was one of its great purposes. In 171. they made a statute of descents, which made the intestate, in all cases, the stock of inheritance, and his next of kin his heir at law. But, in the short period of ten years, this statute was repealed, and for.the very reason that this- object was thereby abandoned. The preamble states, "For at:, much as the aforesaid act is found by experience to be very prejudicial by destroying inheritances," " be it therefore

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Gardner vs. Collins et aL.)
enacted," &c. .By destroying inheritances-that is, inheritances as they theretofore had existed, and by which family estates had been kept in the blood of the family. This repeal left the common law of descent to revive as thelaw of descent of, that people; by which the first law was again secured to them, and remained their law of descent to 1770. In 1770 they made another statute of descent, but in making which, they were careful to preserve-the object which had been abandoned by the statute of 1718. In this statute of 1770, they made the intestate,, in all cases, the stock of inheritance;. but in all collateral inheritances, they made the next of kin of thefull blood of-the intestate, the heir at law. As this statute of 1770-made the intestate in all cases the stock of inheritance, the making the next of kin of the full blood to the intestate, in all collateral inheritances, the heir at law, was necessary to the plan of .keeping the descent of the estate in. the blood of the, family. This restriction of the d~scent in collateral inheritances, was adopted for this purpose.
This rule,. like the common law rule of descent, would be attended with some occasional cases of apparent hardship.
This statute continued unaltered. as this provision to, 1798, 'when all the statutes were revised, and this among the rest.
Thd statute of 1798'proposed to accomplish the same purpose, which was accomplished by the statute of 1.70, but by different means;. and bya modification thatwould avoid those occasional cases 9f appareni hardship, which resulted from.the application of the rules established by the statute of 1770.
The statute of 1798 made.the, intestate the stock of inheritance, and his next.of kin the heir, but not in all cases'as .did the statute of 1.770; it excepted. cases -derived' to the intestate by descent, gift or devise, from the parent or other kindred; and as to those excepted cases, it made the person from whom the estate came or descended, the stock of inheritance, and made the next of kin to the. intestate of the, blood of that person the heir at law. By this modificatiorf, by.making the blood, not the full blood only; of that person

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner-vs. Collins et al.]
the heir at law;"it obviated the hardships occasionally inci-. dent to the rule established in the statute of 1770.
This statut6 continued to 1822,.when all the statutes were again revised, and this among the rest. The statute of 1798 is re-enactbd in the statute of 1822, in, substance, differing only in form. As to all'the cases in which the intestate is to be the stock of inheritance, or his next of kin to be the heir; and as to all the excepted cases in which the person from whom the estate came or descended, is to be the stock of inheritance, and the blood of that 1ierson to be theheir; both statutes are the same.
From this- deduction of the history of the law descent of Rhode lsnahd, which can not be impugned in any one particul .r, but which will be found verified and confirmed throughout by an examination of that law) it must be admitted'that it has always been the object of that law, to keep the inheritance in the blood of that family, by whom it.had been acquired, and from whom it had descended.
A reference to the statutes of 1718, and of 1770, will verify this exposition-of those statutes..
Again; that such was the design of the. legislature, may be, and must be inferred from the understanding and the practice, which has prevailed. in the state on this point. .The question is practically settled, -though not, judicially, and settled for such a length of'time, as gives to the practical settlement all the force of a- final judicial .determination. For it is the result of an impression, so universal and so decided, as to have precluded all doubt and'-all litigation up to the origin of this action.
Nor is the statute of 1798 to be considered as a new statute of descent, introducing and prescribing a course of descent for the first time: this however it is not; for iti's to continue only to regulate the ancient- course, fiot to originate a new one. It is mow thirty years since that stattite was made; and the rule. of descent thereby established, is. still the rule of descent in the state.' Now all the-collateral descents, in all the tate during all that time, have been cast according to the defendant's .construction 'of the statute, without a question being nade, as to their being rightfully

JANUARY TERM 1829.

79

[Gardner ms.Collins et al.]
cast; and have been, andnow are enjoyed accordingly. Not
an instance of a descent in that state, contrary to this statenient, has been, or can be cited. How-numerous those descentp have leen, is not known; but inthat length of time -they must have been numerous. This fact is'at once*a proof of this practical constriction by the whole state ; extending back"a full quartei of a century, prior to the origin of this action; and of the mischiefs, which a judicial reversal of this practical construction would now produce: for it must unsettle every one of those descenti, which possession has not
matured into a perfect title. We need not go out of this case, to see in the descents
which have occurred in the case, how settled the impression has been, that the family inheritance must descend in, and-be .confihed to the blood of the family accdrding to our construction of the statute. t
There was, in the first place, on the death ofJohn Gardner, in 1806, the descent of his- third part of the estate to his surviving brother and sister. No itress is laid .upon this;for upon 'both, interpretations, the descent was rightly .cast. But tien caine the death of George Gardner in 1811, and the de~cent of his third part, and-of- his half of John's third part.. On whom was the descent now 'Cast q On Mary the surviving sistei-; the descent of the whole, as well that part
which George inherited from" his brother John, as that -part which George inherited from- his 'mother.' The plaintiff agrees to all this-agrees that she succeeded legally, rightfilly and exclusively, to-the part which George had inherited from John. If John, the person from whom it last-descended was the stock-of'inhdritance as to this part, the plaintiff was entitled to, succeed equally with Mary. The plaintiff himself agrees that-John was not the stock of inheritance as to this part; for he agreps that he himself was not entitled " to succeed to any share of that part. The plaintiff himself. -agrees that the mother,-from whom the estate had originally - descended, was the-stock of inheritance; for lie agrees that" Mary, her child, alone,.had the right to succeed.-' Then how can the plaintiff claim tQ inherit fo'm 'Mary, on a prircipl6' on which he agrees he could not claim to inherit from her'

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et aL]
brother George, as to the part which George inherited from his brother John 9 If the plaintiff could not make John the stock of inheritance, as to the estate which George inheritea from his brother John, how can he make Mary the stock of inheritance, as to the estate which she inherited from her brother George' He has, in truth, surreidered the very principle in controversy, and left himself no ground to stand on; for he has made it a matter of record, and the Court are now called upon to give to the plaintiff an estate, to which he has agreed, and -agreed on the record that he has no title.
In proof of this position, the Court are referred to the statement of facts; and especially to that part distinguished by italics. It reads thus : "I That thereupon (that is, upon the death of George), his part of said estate, (that iso.ne moiety of the whole estate, including his original third part who had previously deceased,) that thereupon his (George's) part, desbended to and irested in, his sister the said Mary C. Gardner in fee simple; and she became seise-and possessed of the same accordingly. dnd thereby became seised and possessed of the whole istate in question infee simple."
The legal effect of this statement, in this case, and upon this case, is a striking illustration of that familiar, that settled, that riveted notion, prevalent in Rhode Island in favour of the principle of descent, which we 'contend for. The plaintiff's counsel at the time, probably,-were not aware of its palpabld inconsistency, with the new principle of descent, which they had to contend for;. and unrefleetingly made the statement, according to their .habitual notions on the subject.
And the descent itself is another striking illustration of the same fact. It iook place in 1811, eighteen years ago; was .acquiesced in then, has been acquiesced in ever since, and is ratified'even now, so far as a recorded agreement can ratify it.
Then came the death-of Mary C. Gardner, and the descent -of the whole estate; of Which she. had'onethird directly from. her mother, tind -theother two thirds, from her mother, but-through her~two brothers. On the death of Mary, how was the descent cast or.supposed to be cast?

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
'That such has been the practical' construction of the statute, must be admitted, as no instance to the contrary hasbeen cited, or can be.
The state of Connecticut have a parallel provision in their statutet6flescents. Its construction there is considered as settled, though it never has been judicially settled; it is considered as settled, because long and uniform practice has settled it. The attention of the Court is invited to the descent law of Connecticut; as it has been said, that the provision in the Rhode Island law was framed by the provision in that; and the.re is to be found in the statute of 1798, some internal evidence of the fact. It was long in that state a vexata questio, whether the words, next of kin, in their then subsisting statute of descents, did not mean, when applied to real estate in the collaieral descent, "next of kin to the intestate of the full blood;" which was much agitated, and variously decided by their courts; but itwas finally decided, that next of kin meant, next of kin in the civil law sense or' the expression; which had no reference to distinction of blood. It was with a view to preclude this very controversy, that the Rhode Island statute of 1798, in providing for the descent of all that part of the intestate's estate which -is made to descend to the next of kin to the intestate, adds, to the words next of kin, these seemingly unnecessary words, "computing according to the degrees of the civil law." The struggle in that state, about the mearing of -the words next of kin, it is.believed, was-occasioned by the strong prevalent sentiment 'of that people in favour of keeping the family inheritance in the blood of the family. For they were so dis.atisfied with the final judicial .decision, which frustrated that object; that their legislature afterwards, in the -first revision of their laws, introduced this special provision-viz.
"Provided that all the real estate of the intesiate, whidh came to him by descent, gift or devise, from his or her parent, ancestor, or other kindred, shall belong-equally, to the brothers and sisters of the intestate, and those who le-. gally represent them, of the blood of the person or ancestor frorA whom such. estate came or' descended;" going -on--and
VoL. II.-L

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
following out the same principle; if there be not any brother or sister.
This statute-was made in 1784; therefore soon after the termination of this controversy. The practical construction of their statute ever since, has been precisely the praciical construction given to that of Rhode Island; and there all the estates coming within their proviso, have.uniformly descended to the blood of the person or ancestor from whom the- estate originally came, whether by descent, gift or devise. And such is considered as the settled law of that state ; but how settled !. not by any judicial adjudication, for .there has been none; but by an uniform practical execution of the- statute, according to that construction. Wherein such a practical construction is inferior, in point of iuthority, to frjudicial decision, it is difficult to comp'rehend.
The authority for this statement will be found in the case of William Hillhouse vs. Levi Chester, Day's Reports, Vol. III, page 166 ; and also in the statute ldws of Connecticut, - Digest of 1821, -page 208.
In the statute regulating descents in New York, there is also a parallel provision. It is said that there has never been any controversy as to its construction ; of course there can be found no judicial decision settling its construction.
The provision is in these wordt, viz.-" And in such case, every brother and sister of the half blood of the person so "seised, shall inherit. equally with those of the full Lood; unless when such inheritance came to the person so seised, by descent, devise or gift of some one of his or her ancestors; in vhich case, all those who are not of the blood of such hncestor, shall be excluded from such inheritance." See the act to regulate descents of the state of New York, Laws of M~ew -York, Vol. I. p. 46, sec. 4.
It is remarkable how exactly alike in all essential particulars; are all these provisions in both the laws. In one, it is the estate coming by descent, gift or devise; in the other, it is the estate coming by descent, gift or devise; in the Rhode Island law, it is the estate coming from parent or other kindred; iii the'Connecticut provision, it is the estate coming from parVent, .ancestor or other kindred; ii the New York

JANUARY TERM 1S29,
[Gardner vs.' Collins et aL.]
provision, it is the estate coming from the ancestor. But what is most remarkable is, that they all agree in designating the person whose blood is to inherit, inth'e same general way. In all, it is the person from whom the estate came or descended;. leaving.the word originally,to be understood as implied; and as what would of course be'understood ,as implied.
As to the meaning of the' word "-blood," as used in the proviso; whether it mean blood-or full blood, it is not deemed necessary to discuss in this casei for, whether it mean the one r .the other, the plaintiff is not entitled to inherit upon ,our rule. -Our rule is, that the blood of the person from whom the estate originally came, is tW inherit ; and the plaintiff is not of that blood.
It is said, that the 'rule (if ours be the rule;) could have been more technically expressed'; and it is inferred that it could not be the rule, because this was not done. But does it not appear that this difficulty operates both -ways The difficulty ist,hat the words do not mark our rule with absolute precision ; but if they did, there could be no controversy between the parties. The argument is just as good for one as for the other; and thereforeis good for nothing for either,
It is said that the common law considers a gift or devise as a purchase; and the purchase as the stock of inheritance: and da't-we must consider descent as standing on a common
foot with-gift and devise.
It is true that .the -common' law considers the donee or the devisee as the stock of inheritance. But the question it not. who it made so by the commbn law, but whom the statute' makes that stock. It is very clear that the person whom the common law. makes" that stock, is not the same the statute does. The common law makes it from the d6nee or devisee; that is, the -intestate himself, if he be donee 'or devisee :but the statute certainly does.not; it goes back of the donee or devisee to some other person; now to say that the donor or devisor is that person, is begging the question. It may go through the donor or devisor, back to the person frbm whom thd estate originally came; and mist, if that was the intention. - The fariily inheritance'may as well

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
come down through gifts and devises, as through a course of descent; and the words gift and devise were coupled with the word descent, purposely to cover the whole inheritance.
As to the authorities cited by the counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Robbins observed, that none -ofthem seemed to conflict with any of the grounds which had been taken for the defendant.
In all the numerous references to Reeves's Law of Descent, not one militates with these.grounds; nor is it supposed that the practical construction of theparallel provision of the Connecticut statute is different from ours.
As to the two cases from Sergeant 4f Rawle's Reports, and from Harris 4, Johnson, they are cases under the sta-
tutes of Pennsylvania and Maryland, which are different from that of Rhode Island. Theirs extends only to the estate which comes by descent; not like the one under which the defendant holds to the estate, which comes by gift or devise, as well as by descent. And one of those cases only goes to say that the estate by devise was not embraced by the proviso in' the Maryland statute, relating to estates by descent; and that, the estate by devise descended upon other principles.
Mr Justice SToay delivered the opinion of the Court. This case comes before us from the circuit court of Rhode Island, upon a certified division of opinion of the judges of that court, upon the question whether the plaintiff was entitled to recover upon a statement of facts incorporated into the record. The action was an ejectment for two-third parts .of certain land described in the writ; and the title of the parties being by descent, depends altogether upon the true construction of the statute of descents of Rhode Island, of 1822. Accordingly as that statute shall be construed, the land now in controversy blongs to the plaintiff or the defendants. The material facts are, that the estate (two-thirds ofwhich are demanded in the writ) was devised by John Collins to his daughter Mary Collins in fee. Upon her death in 1806, the same descended to her three children, viz. John C. Gardner, George Gardner, and Mary C. Gardner. The two bro-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Gardner -s, Collins et al.]
thers died intestate and with'out issue; and Mary C. Gardner, as heir to her brothers,'became seised of the whole estate, and died intestate and without issue, inD-ecember 1822. The defendants are the uncle and aufit of Mary C. Gardner, the intestate, of the whole blood; being children of John Collins, the devisor, and brother and sister of her mother, Mary Collins. The plaintiff is the brother of Mary C. Gardner, the intestate of the half blood; and he holds a conveyance of their shares from her other brothers and sisters of the half blood, they -being children of her father by a iormer marriage.. The plaintiff and his brothers and sigters of the half blood claim the two-thirds of the estate now in question, as her heirs of the half blood; and the defendants claim the same as her heirs of the Whole blood. It is admitted on all sides, that the one-third 'which, Mary C. Collins took by immediate descent from-her rhother, belongs to the heirs ofthe whole blood. But the other two-thirds, being taken by immediate descent from her brothers, it is contended that by the statute of 1822, it passes to her heirs of the half blood.
If this question had been spttled by any judicial decision in the states where the ]a, . lies, we should, upon the uni: fbrm principles adopted by this Court, recognise that decision as a part of the local law. But it is admitted that no such decis :- has ever been made. If this had been an ancient statute, and a uniform course of professional opinion and practice had long prevailed in the interpretation of it, that would be.respected as almost of equal authority. But no such opinion or practice has been known to prevail; and indeed, the statute itself is but of viery recent origin. Even the statute of 1798; of which, intfespect to this point, that of 1822 is almost a transcript, is not of a date so remote, as to enable us to presume that many cases could have arisen in that state, on which to found a.practical construction, without some unequivo'cal evidence.
The most that has been urged is, that there has been some general understanding among the people, that such was the meaning of the statute;- but even this, though very respectably attested, is encountered: by equally respectable statements on the other side. We are driven therefore to-

SUPREME COURT.
TGardner vs. Collins et al.]
consider the question as entirely new and- unsettled; and to be decide4l not upon the mistakes of parties relative to their rights in one or two un,'ljudicated cases, even ifthey existed, but by the true construction of the statute itself.
The statute of 1822 enacts, that "when any person having title to any real estate of inheritance shall die intestate as to such estate, it sl~all descend and pass in equal portions to his or her kindred in the following course, &c." Among other clauses is the following, "if there be no father, then to the mother, brothers and sisters of such intestate, and their descendants, or such of them as there be." In the present case there was no father-or mother of Mary C. Gardner, the intesfate, living at.the time of her decease; and as her brothers and sisters, of the half blood are her brothers and sisters within the-meaning of the statute, they would be entitled to the estate in question beyond all controversy; if there were no other disqualifying clause. But in a subsequent clause of the statute in the nature of a proviso, it is declared, that "when the title to any estate of inheritance, as to -which the person having such title shall die intestate, came by descent, gift, or devisefrom the parenfor other kindred of the intestate, and such intestate die without children, such estate shall go to the kin next to the intestate of the blood of the person from whom such estate came or descend'ed, if any there be." The most material differences between the statute of 1798 and that of 1822, so far as regards' this question is, that the words "if any theie be" areomitt.ed in the former, which also uses the words u next of kin to," instead of "kin-next to." Both of these circumstances have been relied on at the bar as indicating a probable change of intention. It is said that both acts admit of two readings, viz. " to such of the next of kin of the intestate as are of the blood, &e." or "to the nearest of.such of the kin of the intestate as are of the blood," &c. The latter reading will give the estate to a remote relation of the intestate of the blood, although he be not of the next of kin of the intestate. The former reading requires that the party should be of the next of kin, (that being the primary intention), as well as of the blood ; and therefore, if a-person be not of the next of kin of

JANUARY TERM 1829.

87

[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
the intestate, although he be of the blood, he cannot take; and the words of the act of 1822, "if any there be," are relied on to fortify the construction.
We think the. legislative intention in .both acts was the same and' that the transposition of the words' " next of kin" to "kin next," was accidental, and not introductory of any new object. The true construction of the statute of 1822 is, that it gives the estate to the next of kin of the intestate who are of the blood, excluding all others though of a nearer de-, gree who are not of the blood, &e.
In this view of the clause, two questions'have been argued
at the bar. !. Whether the words "of the blood" include the half blood; or exclusively-apply to the whole blood. 2. Whether the words "came by descent, gift, or devise from
the parent and other kindred of the intestate," are limited to a proximate and immediate descent, gift, or devise from such parent, &c. to the' intestate; or include a descent, gift, or devise which can be deduced mediately from or through any ancestor, however remote, who was the first purchaser
to the intestate. The first question has not been seriously pressed in this
Court by the counsel for the defendants, though it constiftuted in the court below a main ground of argument. -We think that the phrase "of the blood" in the statute includes the half blood. This is the natural- meaning of the word "blood" standing alone, and'unexplained by any context. A half brother or sister is-of the blood of the intestate, for each of them has some of the blood of a comm6n pareht in. his or"her veins. - A person is with the most strict propriety of language affirmed to be of the blood-of-another who has any,. however small a portion, of the same blood derived from a common ancestor. In the common law, tle word "blood" is used in thet same sense. Whenever it is in-
tended to express any qualification, the-word whole or half blood, is generally used to designate it, or.the qualificationis implied from the context on known principles of law.
Thus, Littleton in his sixth section says, that none shall inherit " as heir to any 'man, unless he be his heir of the whole blood; .for if a man hath issue two sons by divers

,SUPREME COURT.
,[Gardner vs. Collins et a].]
ventres, and.the eldest purchase lands, &c. &c,the younger brother shall not have: the land, &c. because the younger brother is but of the half blood to the elder." The same distinction is found in. section eighth of the same author; and Lord Coke in his oommentary.on the text constantly takes it. SoP obinson, in his Treatise on Inheritances; 45, after laying .down. the rule,. that the perpon who is to inherit must ie: of the. whole blood to the person from whom he proximately and immediately inherits;.adds, that he must -a-lso. be of the blood of the first purchaser,; but that it is sufficient to satisfy.this that he is of the half blood of such purchaser.. The legislation of Rhode Island leads to the same resultuas to the meaning of the word " blood." That colony..was governed, by the English law of.descents from its first ,settlement until. the. year 1718, a: period of -more than .half'a centry. By-an act passed in 1718. the real .estate of the intestate was divided among all his children, giving the eldest son a double share, &c.; -andin default of issue, the same was distributable among the next of kin of the intestate, within. equal degree, &c. This qct was re'pealed in 1128, and the-common-law course of descents was revived and remaindd in-force. until 1710, when an act was .passed, providing substantially for the.same distribution as the -act of 1718. It contained,. however, this remtarkable
rovisq, ".-mat no distribution of ahy 'real estate in consequence of this act, shell extend or be made ii the collateral tine beyond. th? brothers and sisters of such intestate and their children, and to those only of thewho e blood." In 1772 the act of 1770 was repealed- in regard: to the double share to the eldest son, but.in other 'respects it re'mained'in force,urifil the revisidn in 1798, 'when the proviso that none shoulc inherit., in the collateral line except -the 'wholk blood was dropped ;"':and there'is not either in the act of 1,798 or 4 12'any cluise'.referring to the blood .of.any person as a stock of"decent; :except the very clause- upon whinh the present questi6ns: arise. 'When, -therefore, he distinction between tie whole and, half blood,, was wel known. in the colony, not only as a. part of the.'commoii lawbti.-as. a -part of its own legislition, and 'the proviso Is

JANUARY TERM. 1829.

89

·

[Gafiiner vs. Collifs et aL]

.dropped in which the words "whole blood" were.studibusly used and the words "of the blood" only, are found in any correspondent proirsion; it affords a strong presumption, that the whole bl6od were no longer deemed to be exclusively entitled to inherit, but that the half blood should be let in. If the half- blood were iiot permitted to ;nherit -in cases of this sort, this bnonfaly might occur; that a son

might inherit from his parent the moiety of afn estate directly, which he could not inherit from his biother of the half blood,-to wholn it id passed by descent from the same

parenti- if snch brother should die without issue. We see no reason, then;'to doubt, that the words " of the blod," include the 'half as well as thie wholb blood. .The.plaintiff, then, and those from whom he claims being the -next' of

kin-of the i'testate(a), and of the blood of her two bro-

thers(b), from whom 'she 'immediately derived that part 'of the estate which is-now in controversy; is entitled to recover,.

unless the statute in th other part of 'the 81ause defeats the

descent. " This leads us to the second question. The estate origin-

illy came from 'John Collins by devise to his daughter Mary

Collins,, and by descent from her to her three children, and

'mediately as to ihe twu thirds'to the intestate, through her

brothers. The' counsel for the plaintiff contends, that the elause looks bnlyto tHe proximate and immediate descent; the

cou.nsel for the defendahts, that it looks to the origin of the

title in the first purchaser,*.anra requires that the party claim-

ing as heir, should be of the blood. -of the first purchaser, through whatever iniermediate'devolutions .by descent, gift br devise it mayfhave. passed, and however remote .maybe

the firsi ancestor. If the latter be-the true construction of -the clause it goes far. beyond the comnmon- law, for that'

stopped at -the last purchaser in the ancestral line, (and

persons taking by devise or gift are ddemed purchasers,) and

(a)' See Smith vs. Tracey, 2 Mod. 204; Crook vs. Watts, 2 Vern. Rep, 124; S. C. Shower.Parl. Cases, 1os.
(b) S.e Cowper vs:Cowper, 2 Pccre Will. 720. 735- Colliigwood vs. Pace, I Veitt,424; Walkins on Dcscen1b, 227, 228. [153.] note; Iccves on Dcscents, 176.
VOL. 11-INI

SUPREME COURT.

[Gardner vs: Collins et al.J

.ascended no higher than it could trace an uninterrupted

course of descents. The -common law, therefore, would

have considered Mary Collins as ihe' first purchaserfor all its own purposes of descent. The- words are, " when the

title to any real 'estate, &c. as to %Vhichthe person having

such title-shall die intestate

by -daemsceent, gift or devise

from. the parent,.or other kindred of the intestate," &c. Now what reason is there to supposd that the legislature, in --this 'claus'e, meant in favour "-of the blood of the person, frolii whom suck estate came or descended," to extend its reach beyond that of the common law !. No such intention is disclosed -on the face of the provision; and every progressive enactment, for the last fifty years in Rhode Island, is a relaxation, of the'strict canons of descent of the common -ta:w. The words themselves -certainly do not necessarily
iequire such an interpretation. As to descents, as well as gifts and devise' from a parent, it, is plain that the act looks
only -to the .immediate descent or title. *-A descent from a
.pdrent to a child cannot be construed "to mean a descent' thrbogh and not from i. parent. So'a gift or devise from a'
parent niust be construed 'to mearn a gift or devise by the act df that parent;.and not by that of-some other ancestor qrore remote, passing-, through the parerit. It has been urged, in-another- quarter'entitled to great respect, that the .words may be construed. distributively.; That a distiiction may be taken 'betW;een 'a descent,- gift 6r devise,..from a parent, and a descent, &c. from other kindred; and so, also,
that,the-words-descent, gift and .devise may be' construed _distributively; so that in cases of descents, the-party who
shall inherit is to be of the blood of the first purchaser, frdm whomrbyintermediatedescents it was passed to the intestate';
and that, in cases of -gifts or devises, the donor or devisor shall alone be the -person wh-ose blood is to be inquired for. It may be admitted' that the clause is-susceptible of such'a construction without -a-ny great violation of its terms. But we.do not think; that such is the natural construction of the terms,- nor is any'legislative intention disclosed, which .would justify us.in kdopting 'it. There does, not seem any
sound 'reason, why the clause should be- construed in the

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Gardner vs.-Collins et'al.1
case.of a parent, differently.from what it-would, be in the case of any "' other" kindred of the intestate.."' The atter words must be conltrued in the same manner as if each class of kindred had been -enumerated in detail; -such as uncles, brothers, grand-parents, Cousins, &Nc. '; and if they had been, the' same rule from the specific enunieration must have been applied- io them, as is now sought to -be' applied to the .case of parents.' The general expression must be deemed to include all the particulars._ Theit, as to' .the distinction between descents, and gifts and devises.
It is true, that in a, sense an estate 'may be said to -come by descent, 'rom a'remote ,ancestor to a'person, upon whom it has devolved through"many intermediate' .descent6 But this, if not loose language, isnot that sense which-is. 6rdinarily annexed, to the term. -When an estate is said to have descended 'from A;-to B., the hatural and obvious meaffing, .of the words is, that it is an immediate descent from' A. to B. If other words of a statute shotild: seem to -ieqiire-an'othei anid more enlarged meaning, there would be no absolute impropriety in adopting it; but if the true sense -is to be sought from the very terms per ge, that whith is the usual sense would seem most proper to be followed. .It is not for courts of justice to indulge. in. any latitude of. construction, where the words do not materially justify it; ind there is no. express 'legislative intention to guide themh. .But we think, that the connexion -in whidh the words stand, justify us in adh.ring to the 6rdinary interpretation. : If in cases of gifts and devises, the blood 'of the proximate donor or devisor is- alone to be regarded, there being., no 'distinction pointed oul in the words of the act, between. those cases and that.of descents; the very juxta position of, the words affords a strong presumption, that the legislature intended -to apply the same-rule 'as'to all.- If the object was to re. gard the blood-of the p.arty, from whom the estate .was derived; -what reasoh is there to suppose that the -legislature. intended iess.regatd to the blood'of a devisor or donorj ,than' to 'that of an. ancestor.?' The mischief might -be a great in suffering the estate to pass intp the hand of strangdrs;% hen there Were next of kin of the blood. in the one case, as in the

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
other. On the other hand, there might be solid reasons for confining the preference of blood to cases of immediate 'descents, which cotild be easily known -and easily traced. One of the known inconveniences of tracing back titles and relationship, is the obscurity which at a small distance of time gathers ever them. It would often be difficult to ascertain, whether- there were not relations of a very distant stock, of the blood of a remote ancestor; who might be entitled to the inheritance, to the exclusion of the immediate next of kin of the intestate. .And even the course of descents of his own title in a country, where estates are uni-
versally partible, for two or three generations; might involve the estate of the intestate in inextricable difficulties; -and disable the next of-kin froi- ascertaining, into what' fragments it was to be subdivided with any reasonable certainty. It Would be no want of wisdom, therefore, in a legislature to limit its provisions in favour of the blood, to cases where the immediatejftitle could be traced with almost absolute certainty. Certainty of title, in a country where titles so rapidly. change hands, might furnish a far 'safer principle of legislation, than any preference for the blood of persons remotely related to the intestate through some digtant, and, perhaps, unknown ancestor. We think, then, that in the case of a gift or devise, the statute stops at the immediate donor or devisor, and ascends no*higher fbr any blood. What reason is there to suppose, that in the case of a descent there was a different legislative intention . In the case of a parent, the parent is,'by the very terms of the statute, made the sole stock of descent, whether he derived it by descent, or by gift, or devise, from an ancestor or a stranger. In the case at bar, the mother of the intestate took the estate by devise from- her father. She was in by. purchase-; and in the sense of the common law, as first purchaser, and, of course, -the true stock of descent, holding the estate ut.feudum antiquum. -
It has been said that the -object was. to preserve inheritances in the same family. ,To a limited extent this is frue; that is, as far as the legislature- has -provid6d for sud"i " cas-es. No general declaration is made by the legislatur'on-tbe

JANUARY TERM 1629.
[Gardner vs. Collins et.al.]
subject; and no preamble, which :discloses any leading intention, exists.. What the legislative intention was, cai be derived only from the words they have used; and we cannot speculate beyond the reasonable,.import of these words. The spirit of the act must be extracted from the words of the act, and not from conjectures ahiunde. The common law carries back in certain cases, the descent toth- heirsof the first purchaser. But the common law canons of descents, are overturned by the statute of descents of Rhode Island. How then can we resort -to the common law, to make up the supposed defects in the. language of the statute! . Here, there is not a casus omissus; but a complete scheme of descents; and the only question is, how much -the proviso carves out and saves from the operation of the 'general rule. No 'such words as "the first.purchaser'," are' to be found in the statute, though. it is sufficiently technical in other respects; and what right, ca' this Coibrt.possess, to exchange the words in this statute -for the words, "first purchaser," *when ihey are not equipollent in meaning or extent? If the .legislature intended to set up anew the rule of the common law,'as, to descents, &c. from the first purchaser, it seems scardely credible that it should have omitted the very phrase, considering that for a century at least it was a Imaterial ingredient in the law of descents of the colony. Then, again- if the argument now urged at this bar for the de-fendants; is well founded, it goes (as has been already stated) far beyond', and indeed to the overthrow of the common law on'the very point of first purchasers. Indeed, at the common law, a man-might sometimes inherit, who was of the whole blood'of the intestate, who could not haVe inherited from the first 'pirchaser. As in the..case of a purchase by a son, Who 'dies without issueidand his uncle., inherits the same, and dies without issue, the father may inherit the sam. from the uncle, although he could not inherit from his own son(a). The-statute of Rhode Isiandlimparts to parents at right to inherit the real estates -of thei' childreni in cases where the latter die without issue.
(a,Se Littleton, s. 3. and Co.Lilt. 10. b. Lift. s.*8. Co. Litt.-14.-b.

SUPREME COURT.
[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
The statutes of descents of the different states in the union, are so different in their provisions, that it is not easy to apply any general rule of construction to them. The cases cited at the bar, do however demonstrate, that in those states where a similar language is lised in their statutes of descents, thie expression has been uniformly construed to mean immediate descents, gifts and devises, unless that construction has been overruled by the context. The statute of Connecticut, of 1784, which has been supposed to bethe model of that of Rhode Island, as to this proviso, is understood'to have received this. construction(a). Under words nearly similar, in the Virginia statute of 1792, (the worls being, "that where an infant shall die without issue, having title to any real-estate as inheritance derived by gift, dev:se or descent from the father, &c.") it has been held that an 'immediatedescent from the father, and not an intermediate descent was intended(b).
Upon the yhole, our opinion is, that both points are in favour of the plaintiff, We all think that the words- of the blood" comprehend all persons of the- blood, whether of the whole or half blood; and that the words, "come by descent, gift or devise, from the parent or other kindred, &c." mean immiediate descent, gift or devise, and make the immediate ancestor, donor or devisor, the sole stock of descent.
A certificate will accordingly be sent to the circuit.court of Rhode Island, in favour of the plaintiff.
This-cause came on to be- heard on the transcript of the record from the circuit court of the United States, for the district of Rhode Island; and on the points on which the judges of the said circuit court were divided in, opinion, and which were certified'to this Court for its opinion; and was argifed by counsel; on consideration whereof, it is ordered and adjudged by this Court, that it be certified to the said
(a) See Reevis o.i-Descents,160, &c. (b) 1 .Mrnf. Rep, 183. 3 Call. Rep. 120.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

95

[Gardner vs. Collins et al.]
circuit court of the.United States for the district of Rhode' Island, that the plaintiff and those under whom he claims the estate in controversy, are heirs at law of Mary C. Gardner the intestate, and, as such heirs, are by the statute of descents of Rhode Island of (A. D. 1822),-eighteen hundred and twenty-two; entitled'to the same estate upon the facts agreed in the case, and that judgment ought to be given for the plaintiffin this cause; all which is ordered to be certified to the said circuit court.

370

SUPREME COURT,

JOHN DNDRIH)G, AP.PELLANT vs. MARTHA WASHMG'rO1'S EXEC-
VToI S,-APPELUiES.
The testatrix directed that the interest of certain funls should be applied to the proper iducation'? of c6rtain pesons her nbphews, " so that they may be severallyfitted'and accomplishedin some useful tae ;" and gave to each of them "who should live to finish his edication or reach the age of twenty-one years of age, one hundred pounds-to set him up in his trade." She also gave the whole of her estates'of -every description, to.be equally divided among certain persons, who should be livir.g when the interest applicable. to the education of.her nephews should cease to be recruited, they being some of the persons among whqxu the same was to be divided; and she directed'tbat" so long as any one of the three nephews who should live, had not finished his education, or arrived at the age Qf twenty-o'.4 y-ytis, the division of the propertylo, devised and given,'should be deferred, and no longer.
Abill was-filed, bytheappellant, oneofthenephews of the testatrix, charging-that the executors had not paid the severil sums .f money bequeathed to him, and praying that they may be decreed to pay the "same. ' No other persons were madeparties to the proceeding but the executors; "and after a zevort of the master, the cause came on to a hearing, and the circuit court dismissed the bill for want of proper parties. The defendants at the argument insisted that not only the two nephews, whose education was provided for by the - testatrix, should have been made parties, but also all th residuary legatees.
So far as the hill sought to obtain such a portion of the fund as was by a fair construction of the will applicable to the-education of the nephews of the testatrix, they alone were required to-be parties, and the court reversed.the decree of tAe circuit court which dismissed the bill, for the purpose of enabling the complainant to make the other two nephews of the, testatrix .parties.
The Court did not consider it necessaiy to make the residuary legatees 'partiei, in . -proceeding the sole object of which was to ascertain and distribute among the nephews of the testitrix, the amount to which they were entitled for the expenses of education. The residuary legatees have undoubtedly an interest in reducing everydemand'on the estate. Whatever remains, sinks into the residuum; and that residuum is -diminished as well by the 6laims of creditors andspecific -legatees, as by this. In all such cases the-executors represent the-rbsidu~ry legatees, and guard their interests. It isa parn of that duty which re-. quires themto protect the interests of the estate. In such suits, the residuary legatees are never made parties. To require it would be an intolerable burden on those who have claims on an estate in the hands of executors. [377]
The Court do not thinlk that in ascertaining the amount applicable to the education of the appellant, one-ofthe learned professions niay be taken as the standard, 'with as much propriety as the trade or art of a mechanic. The distinction between a profession and a trade is well understood; and they are seldom, if ever, confounded with qaeh other in ordinary languagq. If the testatrix had contemplated what in the common intercourse of society is denominated a profession; she would scarcely have used a term, which is generally received as denoting a mechanical art.
But the bequest is not confined to the expense of acquiring the trade, so as. to

JANUARY-TERM 1829.
-[Dandadge ts. Washington's Executors.]
he enabled to exercise it in the common.way. The testatrix intenddd such an education as would fit her relations to hold a distinguished place in that line oflife i which she designed them to move. 'the sum allowed for the object ought to be liberal, such as would acdomplish it, if the fund from whiplh it *was to be drawn wduld permit it. E377]
*APPEAL from the circuit court of the,'county of Alexandria,. In the district of Columbia.
In the circuit court, the appellant, filed his .bill. agaifist George W. Curtis and'Thomas Peter, as executors of MrsMgrtha Washington, eloatf Mouft Vernon; claiming the pay ment of a. sum of money'dtxe to him,. under the bequests in the will of the-testatix, for, the expenses of his educalion ; and also-for -adistributive share of the residuary estate of .the dedeased, in the hands.of 'the executors,, acting as trustees unu&rthe 'iiil.'- The facts of the case are stated at large in the' qpinion oif the court.
The circuit court dismissed the bill for want *of,parties; apdthe'ease was argued in Ihis Court Por the appellant by Mr Swarin and MrLear; and by.Mr Taylor for the appehees.
For .the -6. ppe1llat, 'ifwas -contended; 'that. the circuit court-erred im dismissing the bill, and that this Cort should-correct 'the -decree, and direct 1he payment of,'so much of the'fund in the haiids of the executors and trustee -as by the terms of the will was .to 'be appropriated to the educatior -6fthe appellant.
The counsel, fir the;'appeliant admitted," that the general rule in chancery, is, that all ·who are interested in .the 'decree shall be made parties to the proceedings; b.ut"the rule is n6t. witheut exceptions; and ,itd-oes. not prevail where parties ,cal'not be found, .and where great inconvenience would resultfrom its application. Cited 2-Alasns Rep.-189.
.-Neither creditors or legatees are required'to be parties, unless. where one or more residuary. legatees, sue.
Butif all the parties interested under the will should have been absolutely, or 6onstrucrivelybefore *the "dourt,' Still'it was 'error in the circuit ,.Qurt to dismiss the 'bill. The propee'conrpe was for the defendants below to'erter a de-: murrer. practical'Registir, 261 ; 16 Ves. 321. 2b; 4

· SUPREME COURT;

[Dandridge vs. Washington's Ekecutors.]

.Tkuhford, 485. If the court could have dismissed the bill,

because all the residuary legatees weze not parities, yetin

this case the complainant below-sought to obtain d specific

legacy, that'sum to which he was entitled for hih education;

and as to this part of-the bill the-dismissal was error. 2 Chan-

cery. Cases,-124; 3 Johns. Chan. R ep. 555 ; Finch.-243,

A iound construction of the will does not confine the

education of those who were the objects of the bequest to

preparation for a " trade." The appellant had obtained -an

education for the law, which he afterwards studied, and by

no interpretation could it be claimedto restrict-the 6ipenses

of his instruction to the ac'quisition of such knowledge as

was necessary for a mechanic art. The words of the wi)l

are to receive a liberal construcfion, and to be so applied as

will. ftlyexecute the generous purposes of the testatfix.

"TrAde" is "business," and not a-" manual," or "'ime-

chanic" employment.- to the profitable use of every business

knowledge is necessary; an( in the United Stites men are

ealled to the highest 'statibns from everyoccupation. To

limit the education of the appellant only to a preparation

for a mechanical employnient, was contrary tn those .prin-

ciples which should have been applied, taking into consi-

-deration

the situation and relations of the testatrix, and of

the appellant.

-"Upon general principles, the appellant is entitled to the

proportion of'the fund claimed by him. Although it was

riot expended in his education, it is nevertheless his. Cited,

5 Pes. 461. 1 Swanston, 35..

This Court has all the facts before them, upon which a

decree may be made, and it may determine what sum out of

the fund apprbpriated-for the education of the nephew of

the testatrix. As it would not have'been necessary to bring

all the parties before the court, if a claim had been preferred

while the education of the appellani was going on, it is not." essential that this should now be done. What is a- reasonable and proper sum to be paid to the appellant, depends on rno other circumstances but. those with which he is ex-
clusively connected.

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Dandridge vs.Washington's Executors.]
Mr Taylor, for the appellees, stated that the executors of the testatrix hagd instructed him to offer to restore the bill to the circuit court, if the appellant would there make all the legatees, the residuary legatees included, parties. The executors are trustees bound to protect-the fund for all who are interested in it. If this Court shall decide that they can make a final decree, and shall do so, it will be entirely satisfactory to the appellees.- The residuary legatees are interested in the whole of the funds in tile hands of the executors. If the expenses of the education of the app ellant, and of Bartholomew and Samuel Henley are limited according to the construction of the will assumed by the executors, that fund, for all, is inkreased. . The rule is settled, that when an interest can be shown to be in a paity not before the court, he must be brought in; unless special, circumstances authorise an exception to this rule. J Fes. Tun. 311.. 8 Wheaton, 451. 2.Adtk. 510.
Were not the Henleys interested in this Proceeding .! This is no.t a specific legacy. The fund is to be i'aised -but of the residuary estate, and.thus all interested in the residuum ought to be parties. ..No legacy is specific, unless. it is clearly so, and the amount of it, not dependant on an accoint. 4 Yes. 573. 2 Alad. 8, 9. * By a fair construction of the will, the residuary- legatees were inferested in-the sum to be appropriated to th6'education of the appella.nt, and B. ,ind S. Henley -who were to be educated for a trade, not a prolession; as, if those expenses -Were less than the dividends-on the stock, the residuary fund would. be increased. It was theiefore proper, that.all those thus interested should be before the circuit court.
Want of parties may be objected to at the hearing. ,This point came'before the court of appeals of.Virginia, and wag so.decided in the case of Clark vs. Long, 4 Randall'sRep. 451,
The court may dismiss the proceedings for, want of-parties, or order parties to be made, I :P. Williams, 4!8.
Mr Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion -of the Court.

SUPREM& COURT'.

[Dandridge vk. Wash ngton's Exeeutors.]
This*suit was brought by the plakintiff, against the defendants, the acting exe'cutos of Mrs Martha Washington, late 'o~f Mourt Vernon, to obtain payment of legacies bequeathed to him in her last will.
Tke testatrix, after s.everal devises and bequests, devised as follows: "!Item, it is my will and-desire, that all the res' and residue of my estate, of whatever kind and description, not-hereitx specifically devised, or"bqubathed, shall be. old by the exe6utors of tris my last will, for ready money-,as soon'after my decease- as the sanle can be done, and that the' proceeds thereof,. together with all the money in the house,

and thb' debts due to me, (the detlts due from me and tbm

legacies bequeathed'bing first satisfied)" shall be invested-

by my executors 'in eight per cent; stock of the funds of the

United Sfates,, aid. shall sthdii on-the books in' the. name of

·my'executors, in their character of diecutors ofmy will; and

it.is'my 46siid ihat te int~iest .thereof shall -be applied to.

the piroper ediucati6ri of Bartholomew Henley, 4nd. Sarmuej

Henley, the -two yungest sons of my sisthr Henley, and also

to-lb'" e'ducation of Johni Dandridge, sbn of my .deceased.

n~ap ewJoh Dandridge;.sb that they may be severally fitted

and adomplished in,some useful trade; and-t9 each:of them

"whoshall have liyed to finish bis education, or:'o readh the

.age of: tvenfy-one years, I. give arid bequeath one hundred

pbi'ds,to set hirii up in his trade -

"Item, my..debts and legacies being paid; and the educa-

tidn 6t Bartholomew Henley, Samuel Hetiley, and.John

Dandridge - afdresaid beirg completed-, or-they being -all.

dead before the comrpleiion thereof, ii is my will. and desire,

that all my. estates and-intetsis, ii w

-tvef'.orm-existing,

whether in money' funded stock, or ny otherspecies oftr-

perty, shall be equally divided among all the perions herein-

after mentionedi who 'shall-be 'living at the time thatthe in-

terest- of the funded stpck shall cease to be applicable, in pursuanc 6 of my Will 'eiein before expressed, to the eduea-

tion of 'my nephews, Barthblomew Henley, Samuel Henley,

and John Dandridge; namnly, among Anna Maria Washing-

ton, daughter'of.my' lie'e, and John Dandridge, son of my

nephew, and all -my great grandchildren living' at the time

_JANUVARY TFAW 1$,6

437756'

.[Daudridg.m. Wasbizjgton's Execufors,
that the, interest .of the~said funded stoek shall .cease to be applicable to the bduca'tion of: the said ,.-Henleys.S;. Henley, and John Dandridge; and the sarre shall-cezise tobe so
applied when.all. of them .shall die"before they arrive to the age of twenty-one years, or those living. .hall have 'finished their education, a arrived at the. age of twenty-one years; and so long.as any one qf the three lives, who has not finished ,his. education or arrived to. the.age of twenty-one "years1 'he division of the saidzesidgum is to be deferred, and no longjer2'
The bill charges that.the executors have-not paid the:se. veral- sums of money bequeathed to him, by*their testatrix 4 and prays, that they may he .decreed to pay the. samire with interest.
The process was executed on one of the executors only. He failed to answer' and the Vill as, to him was tken for confessed,"and the court ordered*themaster commiL.sioner to ascertain tfie period when the; complainant att.ined his age of twenty-one years, and what Would have been.a. comPltAtsin,for his edbaationi.uccotdiag to :the true inteAt and meaning of the last will of'Martha Washington, and make keporV't6o.he Court. "Ata s'ibspquent. term the defendants were ordered to .settle theit accounts before the coinmissioner. The defendant,: Thomas Peter, afterwards appeared, and filed his answer, i4-wlii~h he admits the last will, of Martha Washington deceased, and that his oo-defendant and himself.alone have. qualified as-executors, thereof. He says that they have paid the. legacy of one.hundred. ppinds, and, advanced a, considerable sum of money to the guardian of B. Henley, S. Henley, gnd .the :complhiaant, to lfit -them' for.some usefQl trade. He also. alleges ,that the 'executors have beenprevented fro, 'dividing -the,residuum,. by the un-" reasonableness of the demand made .by the'.complainant.
The master's repqrt shows that the complainant attaihed his. age of twenty:-one years on the 21st'day of November 1817; ihat-the defbndants were on that day indebted to thpe
estate foxprinieipal, the- sum of $7282.30, and for interest. accruing thereon and remaining in their hands, the sum of .,845.1 L Tht they had paid the-legacy of LOO pounds, and

SUPREME COURT.
[Daudrdge.v8? .Washingtan'iExecutors.]
hadadvanced to, the ,guardian of the complainant for his education the sum of $166.67.
The cause ciame on to be heard in April 1827, when the
bill wat .dismissed foi, wait of' proper parties, At the argument; ,the counsel for the defendants have in-
sisted that-not only Bartholomew and- Samuel Henley, but all 'the,residuary legatees should have been made parties.
This Coumt is 'learly of opinion that the two Henleys wha participated 'with the comiplainant in .the fund applicable to their education, ought to have been parties to. a suit-which asks the distribution of that fund. This would be admitted if the 'whole was distributable among them. But the Court thinks' it also proper, though a different con, ·struction should be put on the will. The fund is not so large that .the claims, of each, while all were uider age, might be. satisfied without taking into view the claims of the other two'. In determining ho* much ought to hay' been.applied to the education of tl[e complainant, the Court 'would. find it necessary to take/into con'sideration the amount of the furid and the reltive situation of all ihe persons entitled to it. They ought to have been parties to a suit in which their interests were involved.
The question wh ether the whole interest accruing on the -residuum dught to be divided among the.legatees to whose education ji was applicable,,or only so much tbiereqfas'was necessary for the purpose for which it was given, has been. earnestly discussed at the.bar. In considering this, question, as in all others dependifig on willsi the intention of the tes-, tatrix is to be collected from the will, and, from, the circum'stances under which it was made. In thjs case th.e testatrix does. not appear to have intended a pecuniary donation to .the, parties in the particular bequest under cofisideration. ·Her intention ii that respect was effected. by the gifts .of 100 pounds to eapb, to set him-up in his trade. This bequest seems to have been made not with a view of adding. to their private fortunes, but with;a view. to their education'and preparation for that particular business which, they were afterwards, to pursue.- They are- not therefore entitled to the

JANUAR'Y TERM 1829.
[Dandridge vs. Wasbingtonls Executors.]
whole iund, whatever may be its amQunt, but to so much of it as is required for the object it is to accomplish.
In ascertaining the amount which is so applicable, the
plaintiffs contend that one of the learned professions.may be taken as the standard, with as much propriety as the trade or art of a mechanic. The Court does not think so. The distinction between 0.profession and a trade is.well understood; and they are-seldom, if ever, confounded with each other in .ordinary language. If the testatrix had contemplated what in the common intercourse of society is denominated a profession, she would scarcely have used a term which is generally received ag denoting one of the mechanical arts.
But we do not think the bequest is confined to'the e-pense of acquiring the trade,. so as to be enabled to exercise it in the common way. Such does not appear to have been the intent of the testatrix. Her bounty is extended to the proper education of three relatives, so that tbey'may be severally fitted and accomplished in'some useful trade. Their education is-a primary object, as well as their acquisition of of the trade; and when we consider the situation and character of the parties and the language of the will, we-cannot doubt that the testatrix intended such an education as would fit.her relatives to hold a distinguished place in that line of life in which she designed them to move. The sum allowed for the object ought to be liberal, such as would accomplish it, if the fund from which it was to be-drawn would admit
of it. In h suit for the distributionof this fund ve do not think
the.. residuary'legatees necessary parties. They have undoubtedly an interest in reducing the sum to be allowed out of it to the complainant, but they have the same interest in reducing every demand on the estate. Whatever remains sinks into the residuum, and that residuum is diminished as well by the claims of creditors and specific legates*as by this. In all such'cases'the executors represent the residuary legatees, and guard their interests. It is a part of that duty which requires them to protect the interest. of the estate.
VOL. IL-2 X

SUPREME COURT.
[Dandridge vs. Washington's Executors.]
In such suits'the residuary legatees are never made parties. To require it would be an intolerable burtien on tho.- who have claims on an estate in the hands of executors.
WO do not think-'that the bill ought to have been, dismiigsed -for want of proper .parties, .unless the domplainant refused to make such as were really necessary'; and then it might have been .dismissed without prejudice.
The circuit iourt can make no decree for the distribution of -the residuum, unless all. those entitled to distribution. are brought before the court;. but it may grant all other relief to which -te.complainan't .may be entitled, on making Bartholomew and Samuel Henley parties.
This Court is-of. opinion, that the decre of-the cireuit court, dismissing .the compi'ainant's bill, ought to be reversed, and t'64.cause remanded to the said circuit court,
"withleave to the plaintiff to make new- parties; after which the.cause ought to be referred to the master, with instructions to compute,the several sums which ought to be i 1lQwed out of the fund 'applicali1e to the education of Bartholomew Henley, Samuel Henley and John Dandridge, in c6 formity .with the will bf Mrs Martha Washington deceased,; on which sqms interest waght to be. allowed; and' also to compute'the sum..to which the plaintiff may be entitled, as one of the residuary legatees -of the said Martha Washington 'deceased; "prc *ded the other residuary'legatees be brought before the ",ourt as jprties; on failure'. to do which, the plaintiff'S bili, is to be dismissed, so far as' it claims a part of the 'residuary estate,..without prejudice.
This cause, came 6n, to be .h'eaid on the transcript of the record, from .the circuit court of the United States for the 'district'of Colubnbia,. ,holden' in' arr for the county of.Alexandria, and was argued "by. counsel; on consideration whereof, this Court is 6f opinioan, that the circuit court erred in disriiissing the plaintiff's bill. for WAnt.of proper parties, and that the said decree ought to be reversed. Whereupon A is ordered, and decreed by this Court, that the decre6 of.the

JANUARY TFRM 1829.

379

[Dandridge vi. Washington's Executors.]
said circuit court in this cause be, and the same is hereby reversed; and this Court doth further 'iorder that the said cause be, and the same is hereby remanded to the saJd circuit court, with directions to *give leave to the plaintiff to make.new parties, that the proper accouxnts may be taken in order- to a fifial decree; in which decree, the plaintiff. ought to be allowed interest on the sum-due to him for -his edieation out of the money applicable tO that object.

SUPREME COURT.
CHAnLEs A. BEATTY AND JOHN T. RITCmE, APELLANTS Vs.
DAIEL KURTZ AND' OTHERS, TRUSTEES .Op THE GEwRMN LuTHERAN CRlUlCH OF GEORGETOWN, APPELLEES.
A lot of ground bad, in the original plan of an addition to Georgetown, been marked "for. the Lutheran church," and by the German Lthierans" of the place, had been used as'a place of.burial from the dedicatidn and who had erected a school house on it, but no church; exercising acts of protection and ownership over it at some periods, by.committees appointed by the Germafi Lutheians; the original owner acquiescing in the same.. This may be considered as a dedication of the lot to public and pious uses : and, although the German Lutherans were not incorporated, r)or were there any persons-who as trustees couldhold "the property, the appropriation was also valid under the bill of rights ofkaryland. The bill of rights, to this extent Bt least, recognizes the doctrines 9fthe statute of Eliiabetht for charitable uses; under which it is well kown, that such useswould be upheld, althbough thebe was no specific grantee or.trustee. This might at all times have .baen enforced as a chalitable and pious use,-through the intervention of the government, as parqnsatrim, by, its attorndy general or otherlaw officer. It was originally consecrated for a religious purpose. .It has become a depository of the dead; and it cannot now be resumed by the heirs of the donor- [584]
If th6 cbmplainants in the circuit court were proved to- be the regularly appoint: eil committee cf a.voluntary society of Lutherans ii' actual possession of the premises, and acting by their direction to prevent a disturbance of that possession,; under the circumstances of thiscasi,.theredoes not appear to be a serious objection to their tight to maintain a.suit for a perpetual injunction against the heirs of the donor, who sought to regain the property, and to disturb tlieir pdssession. [584]
The 6nly difficulty which presents itself upon the question, -whether-the com-" plainants in the circuit court have shovn, in-themselves, sufficient authority to main'tati their suit, is, that it is not evidenced hy any formal vote or writing. If it were necessary to decide the cageon tis pnint,'under 'all the dircurnf;t~nces, it might he fairly,presumed. 'But this is not necessary; bicause this is one of those cases in which certain persons belonging to a voluntary society, and having a-common interest, may sue in behalf of themselves and others, having'the like interests, as part of the same society, for purposedscom'mon to all, and beneficial'to all. -[585]
APPEAL from the circuit court-of -the county of Washington.
"The appellees filed their bill in the circuit court -against Charles A. Beatty and John T. Ritchie, w hicb states, in substdnoe, thai the late' colonel Charles Beatty and George' Frazier Hawkins, in the year 1769, laid outon lands belong-

JANUARY TERM f829.
[Beatty. and Ritr'iie s. Kuitz and otheis..
ing-to 4hem, and adjoining the towd of Georgetowni, acertain t.Wn known by the name of " Beatty and Hawkins's ad--, -dition to Georgetown ;" the lots.whereof were laid down and dibtinguished on a plot, and disposed of by lottery. Thai Beatty iff laying out-the said addition, distinguish.ed and. set apart a certain lot or'portion of ground in the said addition, for the sole u~e and benefit of-the German-Lutheran church; declaring the same to be their absolute- right and prbperty, to b6 held.. by them -for' religious purposes, and the use of said- congregation, and- caused the .sane to be so entered. and designated in.the plot-of' said addition, is now appedrs by the plot and papers" on record in the i lerk's office for Washington, t6 which they beg. leave to refer': -which ploi and papers were recorded under authbrity of.the aft of Mafyland 1796,,ch. 54; which lot is de.scribed in the said~plot of said addition, as the. German Lutheran church lot,- and alsa in the general plot of the town of Georgetowh and its addi'tions, deposited in the office of the clerk of the.,corporation of Georgeto wn: That soon after the lots in the'said addition were laid- off and disposed of as 'aforesaid, the said lot was taken possession of by-the said. Germ'an Lutherans, and was enclosed, and a church erected thereon ; and hath been kept-and held by them ever- since, during a period, as theybelieve, of- upwards of fifty years, and hath been used by. them as a burying-ground for the members of the said church,. with -the avowed intention of building .thereorA a'n-" other church or place of worship, the building, first erected beifig decayed, whenever their funds would enable them to" do so. That during all.this period, neither their possession nor title hath ever b-een questioned,"and the lot has been exempted from.taxation at their request, by thie corp6ration of Georgetown, as being church property.. That Charles Beatty died-about sixteen years ago, and without having Made any .conveyance of the said lot, and that Charles A. Beatty is-his, heii at law.. They. therefore pray that he may"be made defendant, and be compelled to convey.the title-to ithe complainants, in trust for the German'-Lutheranchurch.
They further state that the defendant John, T.Ritcdie. without any pretence of title, disputes the title of complain-

SUPREME COURT.
[Beatty andRitchie.vs: urtz and others.]
,ants and their right -of "possession, and. has -.undertaken to. enter on part of -the lot, andro remove tomb stones &c. -and they fear that he means to dispossess them: wherefore,
they pray subpcona, &-.. and that they may be quieted in their possession of said lot, and that the defendant, Ritchie,. may be enjoined from disturbing their possession;. and for general relief.
The answer of the defendants in the court below, admits. that,Charles Beatty deceased, did designate a lot in his-addition to Georgetown, by inscribing on-the plot thereof these words, "for the-Lutheran church ;",that-they always understood and believed that he meant by that inscription to manifest an intention to 'appropriate that lot to the, use of the Lutherans, lprovided they would build on -it, within a reasonable time, a house of public worship, which wodld conduce to diffuse piety, to enhance the.value of his property, and to adorn his addition to' Georgetown. But they -d.eny that -thisinscription was evermeant, or cculd be'interpreted to be a contract witl.the Lutheran church, 'to cbnvey to thai body- tile property in ;question., -That the writing itself could'not operate as a conveyahcej and there, was no cotisideration to sustain it.as a c'optract. They. deny that Charles Beatty ever declared the lot in question to be the abs6lute right and property of the Lutherans;' or 'didir any manner, by means thereof, hold .oit inducements to them'or the public to:purchase tickets in the pretended lottery mentioned in the bill, or to purchase and improve lots in that part of the town. "They 'aver-that nochurch hd 'ever been built on it,. and that itsoccUpation by graves and a school house, was a use of itby no means beneficial to-defendants, or him-under whom-they claimed.
The answei. denies the 'possession. averred in the bill--rnd also that there ever was an organized congregation of Ger-=-an Lutherans in Georgetown,
It-avers also, that the lot in question-has remained-unenclosed for at lbast three fourths of the, time since it- became t part of Georgetown; and that :the enclosures which occasionally surrounded it,'were not erected by the complainants -nor .those whom theypretend to represent. The re-

JANUARY TERM 1829.

569

[Beatty. and Ritchie vs. kurtz and othefs.1-
spondents admit that the lot.was used as aburying ground; but aver that 'it was thus used by Beatty's-permission, and not exclusively by the Lutherans, but the public generally. But they fiirther say, that if the Lutherans had enjoyed the possession alleged in-the complainants'bill, they right.and. should have'enforced the rights thereby acquired-at law, and ought not to have come into .equity for a remedy. - Finally, confessiuig that they had resumed possession of the property, they deny the authority of the complainants to.act in behalf of 'the pretended' German Lutheran churcli; and pray.the same benefit of these defences as if 'they had been urged by plea to the bill.
The plaintiffs amended their bill, by stating, the German Lutheran church, mentioned in their bill, was composed- 6f the members of the Geiman 'Lutheran church in Georgetown, 'duly organized as such ; I. that the lot wag set apart by C. eatty," from and.out of that 'part of the said land. 'composing said addition," of which he, the said Beatty,'was spised. "1The said Beatty, by the said designation, declara-
tion, and setting apart, holding/out to the public, and.to the
German Lutherans particularly, inducements as well to purchase tickets in a lottery, by which the- said lots were disposed of, as to purchase and improve that part of the town
in other ways. And thereby meaning to transfer' to the said German Lutherans, as soon is they should organize themselves into a congregation or 6hurch, all his right to said lot in fee, to be used for the religious purpose of such congre-
gation or church, and thereby declaring that intention. That they organized themselves ipto a congregation or church, and -erecteda church, or house of.worship. on the said lot." That the complainants,' and the congregation for whom they
act,- have -called upon C. A. Beatty, and required a conveyanci according to the promise and declared intent of the said Charles Beatty, deceased: that upon organizing the church'or congrega-tiorn aforesaid; certain officers, called a
committee, were appointed to take charge of the concerns of-thechurch; which appointments were, from time to-time,
made and renewed, and that complainants were appointed in 1824, and have continued to hold such appointment ever since.
VOL. I. -S W

SUPREME COURT.
[Beitty and Ritchie vs. Kurtz and others.7
To those amendments, the defendants answered; and de·nied all the allegations in the amende~d-l.
It *ab in evidence, that ,soon. after this lot was thus set apart for. the Lutherans; it was, with Colonel .Beatty's permission, taken possession' 6f'by certain persons, Ifthat sbet in Georgetown,. who had, a log house" erected on it, which Was called, a church, and used-as such frequently, and also as a.school houge.by the German Lutheranp. That in the yeai 179, 'a German minister* came from Philadelphia and was .employed by them, and preached in this house for three m6nths, being employed and paid by the German Lutherans of Georgetown; 'tnd about the year 1799, the con-geation of German'Lfitherhns, 'of which -Travers, the 'witness.in ihis cause, was one, employed a German minister,wh .bfficiated in'said house for about nine months. Though -divine-service was'freqdiently administered in thiat building, there w.as,at no. other periods than -those just mentioied, a statioried.preacher who ministered to a congregation in regu-
Jar Attendance there, except a Mr Brooke, who was. an Episcopal clergyman, ind who, Dr Balch testifies,"had possession
of that building as 5. ihurch in 1779: .In the same,"'or the
following year, a steeple was erected on the said house, in which a bell was-hung, at 'the expense and by the direction. of the. German Lutherans of.Georgetown.' This building some- years afterwardi went to. decay, anti"no church has been since -rebuilt on the lot; though-efforts have beei since made -f6r that purpose and -as- late as r823 a considerable subscription was raised, but'not suficient for theobject.
During the whole period from 1769.to-the bringing of this suit, the-lQt in question ,a'gsenerallyuthdet eriglosures, pu up at the expenie of the Lutherans of'Georgetpwn, and -un'der the care- and custody'of a cdmmittee appointed by them. It fiag been c ontiniial'y so enclosed for more than twenty years, before the entry and claim set up by the defendants in this -suit.- The said lot has been also used by the 'Germans as a. burying ground from the -year1769-till a short time before tJie bringing this :siit,.and has been called and knowri as. the Dutch burying ground; -and one of the.wit"esses; Styles, acted as sexton, under the orders of the'corn aittee of the

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Beatty and Ritchie vs. Kurtz and others.]
congregation. It does not appear that-the German Luther"ansin Georgetown, eyer were incorporated by law .as a re-. ligious society.
It-also appeared from the evidence, that from thfe year 1769, till within a month or two. before the briging this suit, no claim to the possession or property in the-lot n6w in dispute, was ever set up by Col. Charles Beatty, or.f eithei-of the -defendants; but on the contray, Col 'Charles Beattyup to the time of his death, aways declared it to be
the property:of the German Lutheians of G6orgetown; his administrator,, Abner Ritchie, who, it is. stated, sold .all his. lots in said addition left by him at his death, never cilaimed or offered to sell the lot in 4iestion, as'part of his property; that his sonand. heir the defendant, Charles. A.. Beatty,'has repeated the same declrations to. a Witness, (Moiunti). a few years before ihii suit-he expressed.j! his' surprise, that the Germans had been so indifferent about getting their'itle to this property,:" .he was always ready aid willing .to give them a deed f6r it."
A witness, Mr Rhaffer, testified that in 18239thedefendant Beatty, in his presence, declared, ":tfiat the lot aforesaid was the, property of the- ,Lutherans, and that he was very anxious to make them-a deed. He also donfirmed the evi-; dence of the other-witnessps,
It also appeared' from the evidence, that since, the year -1769, the said lot hasnever been assessed,for taxes to 'Col. Beatty or his .heirs, nor have any taxes ever been paid by them. That it has always been recognized by the corporation of Georgetown, since thir charter in 1789, as. the church property of the Lutherans; and as such, has been .exempted from taxation, with other church property. in 'the town.
It was in.eviderice, that the Lutherans of Georgetown always had a church. committee to act for them, and to take charge -and.custody of the lot, in queation; and the appellees constituted that-committee from 1816, till the bringing th'is suit, and to the present time. .In virtue of thqt appointment, wiikhen Ritchie entered on the premises, and thfew down the fence and tombstones, they filed this- bill for a coirveyance

SUPREME COURT.

[Beatty and Ritchiebes. Kurft and otners.,' -
in'fee of the-lot, to complainants as trustees for said church; td be qui.eted in the possession thereof; and for arinjunction to restrain the appellants from disturbing their possession, or trespassing on said'lot.
The- circuit court decreed a 'perpetual injunction against the defendants, the appellants; who,'by-their appeal, brought the case befre this Court.
The cause was arguedfor.the appellants, by Mr C. C. Lee; ahd for the appellees,.by Messrs' Key and Dunlop.

-For the appellants it w,. Ilaimed that the decree of the

court below-should be reversed, and the bill dismissed.

1. Because neitherC. Beatty nor his- son, eier ilid any act

which divested'ei'ther of them of the right of propertvwand

possdssion-inthe lot ifr question.

2. because neither of them ever entered into any con-

tract, (and leastocf all such an one as.a court'of equity will

enforce), with the appellees, or ihose whom they pretend to

represent, to convey to them or -their pretended cestiti que

Irmsts the lot in question.

3.: Because the appellees, or those whom they 'pretend to

represent, have never had such an adverse. possessioi of the

lot as gave them a -title to it.

4. Because, if they had,"it was such a title as they,.might

and should have enforced at law and-not in equity.

5. 'Because the appellees.havie failed to show any authority

in 'themselves to prosecuie tihis'suit.

,Mr Lee contended that the only act done by C. Beattyor his

heirs, which can be pretended to, have'divested them of

the title to the lot in' question,-js th& inscription-by C. Beatty

on the plot of the lot, of the, wordws" for the Lutheran church."

No possibleinterpretation of these can mako them act as a con-

-'veyance;

and the bill itself1 Which attempts io interpret thein

into 4 contract, and. which seeks to 'have that contract spe-

cifically performed, necessarily admiis the title of the'lot to

be still. remaining in the.ap'pellants.

"Dismissing then this point, as -scarcely made in the case,

it will.'be most perspicuously iredted by considering the bill

in refdrence to iis differelpt prayers, which are for specific

JANUARY TERM :18'29.
[Beatty 4 Ritchie vs. Kjrtz and others.]
performance, and to be quieted inp.ossessioin. 'This lead's directly to the poifit that the bill -shows no contract of which equity will'decree'perfoimance. The words telied on as c.redting a contract are the aforesaid inscription," f6r the Lutbe-ranchurch." But ofthe three requisites of acontract, two are wanting here, viz. parties and a price; and inteipret-them as you will, no mutuality-can be pretended. This of islf is sufficient to prevent the assistance of.a eourrtof equity. -Howel 'v9. George, I Mad.: 12. Moreover, the eontract alleged con cerns lands, -and must therefore,.by the stattite 'of frauds,-be in writing, "But there ik no'consideration pientioned in the "contfact'as.set out-; and this has been. tbo often decided, to be an essenial part of a contract, and thferefoie to be.embraced in the Written instrument, to need illustration, from cited authorities. - True, the plot'of Beatty & HawkiiIs'sad-: dition to Georgktown, wvith the-said inscription thereon, was recorded. as alleged in the bill,:by the aqt: of 1796, -h.. 54;. but the C6urt will p.erceive * by inspecting thai act, that -it does not affect this -discussion.
The appellees will-doubtless insist on:tp part performance of the pretended contract, to relieve themselves'from operation bf the-statute of frauds.. This is a matter of fact, which the dourtmust'decide on froi the evidence. They will at least remember, that if the app6llees rely on their pretended
erection of a pretended. church, as an execution on'their part of the pretended contract,, they admit that they were bound by that contract to erect a-church; whil.e.it willbe impossible to regard a log school house, -afterwards,converted into a dwelling house, and now detroyed, whoever may have'called. it a churdhiianl have. preached in it, as-such a building to be .applied to such a purp6se-as is .cal.ed for by a contract to build - a church. And it .may also be observed upon this part-of the case, that this prayer of thu bill'was refused by the court below,-and no.appeal was taken -from. that decision. ·
As-to the second-prayer of the-bill,'he argued thai itm.ight be viewed 'under two aspects. 1'.As- regarding the cornplainants.below, disposseised by the dgfendants, and seeking
to be xepossessed .and .qqietedd;. and -. -As regarding the'.

574

SUPREME COURr.

tBeatty &]Ritcbie v4'Kurtz a~nd qthers.]
complainants in possession, and seeking protection agains.t,
the defendants as intrudbrs.or trespassers. 'Either view of the ease ise.qually fatal "to th- bill; and for-the sattie reason, b6cause the proper remedy-is at law.. For, regarded under the. first aspect; -the bill. is -what-isreproachfully teiried an ejectwent bill,,andcleaxrly'condemned., Cooper's Plead. 12-5; Locker vs. Rol-le, 3 es. Jun. 4, and Ryves'vs. Ryves, 3'(Ves. Jun.-.:43. An.re-garded under'the ' second aspect, no precedent can be found- to-authorise, it.. The only species of bills which-can be mistaken, as affording such a preced~nt, are bills of peace-, and bills founded on the soZkt. But the least relectionwill show, that this is not a case fora.bill of peace; *hirh-is -Amade use of 'where'a person has a right which -may:be-controverted by. various persons at different times,- and -by differeni actions," and - where there have been repeated--att empts iotIifigate -the' same question by ej~ew nt,..and .-repeatec -and. satisfatory trials." 1 Mad. Ch. 166: In shoxti ijls of peace .lie to prevent multiplicity
of actions; and this .ins6t pretended to be brought for that
purpose; Bills founded on the soletare used "where- a.man is en-
"titled to a rent out of-lands, as chief rents or'quit rents,-and "froth length of time the- remedy. at. lawv is lost, or become very ,diffiult ;" relief- has, in silch case, been given, in -equity - on the sold ground of-long and undisputed payment of.ih rent.. I .Mad. Ch. 29. - But the appellees in this case- or -those wh6m they pretend to -represent, never had such an-adverse, possession of the lot .-in que'stion. as. gave -them a title to. it; and ifthey had, theargument supposes them-in possession,, and they can maintaiif all their rights at law withodt the aid of the court of equity.
He also contended -that whatever rights any society of German Lutheians might have to the lot, the appallees had shown no aithority in them -to.prosecute their .claim to those rights; and that the 'bill' they-had filed, -regarded in its true light, i a -bill--to estiblish-a. legal title ·an4 to obtaini. peip.et'ual injunction. Thats8uch a bill.'is

JANUARY TERM 182

575

fBetty '& Ritchie.vs..Kurtz and otliersi]
ifiadmisile, is clearly istablished b W'ilbyf vs.. The Duke
of Ruiland, BroWn's P. 4..41. Mr Lee ,I:i reply to-the argument of the counsel for the-
appel lees, said, the true'sources of the success of 'the appellees in the-court below,, were in'tbe clamour about the pbllution of the.remains- of the dead,-in tKii declamation .ab6ut violating the sanctuary of the tomb-".which .tridniphed before the inferior -tribunal; and which now. places the 'appellants, literally, in -the situation which was but 'figuratively ascribed
to Setius-.

.Jamte prqmetnox,fabuq1que mines, Et domus exills Plutonila:-Hor.

SAnO.after-all, the only thing done was by one of the app.el-. lants, who threw _dowri a part of the enclosure of the l&t in -dispute -'but it 'was.that part which separated. it from his own gardei; Yet-that is complained of a's such .g nuisance,ei as *that the chancellor will prevent it by-injunction ! -But while this is'cdmplained ofas-a nuisance, Whyis not-that.considered to which the appellant.s'are'subjected , It may.well"be that one will consent .to:have a grave yard in his vicinity, if it be hallowedby i chuich. The spir6-whikh points'us-to the .skies: may reconcile-usto- the mund which 'tells of what is; moub deringin the 'earth. ,But-wa Qliject to the bane vithoit the
antidotel--the-objects which'aw'aken the mhortal shudderings, with'ut that which inspires the immortal hopes.
.He contended that ,the.old acts of Maryland referred to,
wereentirely inapiplicabl&t6 thjs.-'ause. That the case itd ".from 7 Joh4.Ch.. . does not'refert6operpett'al injunctions;
ind that-in the one'cited from 'the 4th.vol. of-the samne book, there was a dispute about boundaries; to ascertain and establish which, has longformed ;, head.of, hanbery jurisdiction; and. that'-thb' eitraordinary- powers of one. of the parties entitled the other to the extraordinary'aid of -the chancellor.
As 'to the possession contended for, MrLee insisted, that no persons were poihted out who held that 'possession ; tlhat the' teimporary cominittees werd -never incoiporated, a n d.' there could have been no holding by.-succession; and that' the appellees, *so far from showing any authority.vested in them to institute these proceedings, had even failed to how

SUPREME COtT.
[Beatty"& Ritchie v&.Kurtz and others.]
aby congregation or' religious society which could, confer such an authority.
For the appellees it wag contended: The decree. below,..for a.perpetual injunctioin,,'was right, if the appellees had title, either under the grant or by Pos-ession, and -we contend that they had title under both.. 1. Under the grant, three o.jections are made to it: that it.is withoutconsideration; that there is.no certain grantee; thaf it is within the statute of frauds.As to'consideration, we admit the general rule t6 be, that equity will not lend its aid to enforcg a-mere voluntary agreement. But here there is a consideration. The diffusion 6fpiety and promotion of religion are sufficient to support it. Besides there was a money consideration. The designation of this lot as a church 16t, caused the tickets to sell, and enabled the grantor to dispose of his property. It is-in proof, that the Germans were by this means induced to buy. cc That there-is no certaingrantee." It is agreed that upon generalprinciples, this grant codld not be executed in favoui of a voluntary, unincorporatedsociety, and that the statute of 43.-Eliz. ch. 4, having been decided not to be in force in Maryland, n.o aid can be derived from that statute. But this grant has had .alegislativerecognition;act of assembly of Maryland, 1796, -ch. 54, sections.13 and 4. That act is as strong a recognition of the grant by.the Maryland legislature, as.ifthey had passed a speial la v with,the assent of Beatty, declaring -the lot in question to be the property of" the German Lutherans of Georgeto'wn." If such .a special law had passed, would not the courts be bound to give effedt-to the intent of the legislature and donor. Wotild they not apply.to ii the principles of construction adopted by England, in relation to the 43 .liz. and the charities provided for by.-that statute. See 4. Wlteaton,'appendix: p. 11... itisalso contended, that "thisgrant.isprotected and made valid by the 34th.articleof &e bill of rights of .MarylandThe grant is within the exception contained in the 34th article, and that exception ought to have a.liberal:construction.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

57.7

[Beatty &:Ritchie vs. Kurtz'and others.]
Within the narrow. limits -prescribed :by the exceptibn, the principles of construction,' adopted inEngland .as.to the 43 Eliz., oughtto be applied. Within.these limits it was, andl had been, the.policy of the people and legislature of Maryland,:tofavour the church& Acts *ofassembly of"Miryland, 1704, ch.. 38; 1722, ch. 4.
The last objection urged against thb grant is,'that it concerns lands, is piot in-writing, and is avoided by the statute of frauds. We ainswer, that the conitract ig in writing. * The inscription on the plot is-.by Beatty himself, anid describes the lot with-certainty. But if.it was not in writing, the'contract has been performed, &e gift executedi and possession delivered and retained, for'more than fifty years.
If the grant'was void for uncertainty ,of the donee, then it, is -contended; that the appellees, and those under whom they claim, haye a good title ".by possession. The lot ha& lieeh in their adversary possession,, by actual enclosures, for more than twenty y,ari.
· .a.ving 'title 'eifher un.der the grant or by .possession, the only remaining 'question is-ishere a right to the.interferince of a court of equity, to restrain Ritchie, 'te trespasser,by injunction.
It'is'said the oxilyoremedy is at law, for damages; that a' court of e'quity has'no jurisdiction to enjoin trespass. It is known that in ordinary cases-of private trespass, the prbper remedy,is at law,.for damages; and this has been found'suffi.cent for the.protection of property. But' in cases of tres-" pass, of a peculiar'nature,where the mischief is irremediable, which damages could not -compensate; where the injury reaches t6 the very substance and valise of the estate, and goes to the destruction of it in the characterin which it is 'enjoyed; the English court of chancery, and the courts of chancery of this country, are in the habit of granting injunctions.
.To this point,, and in support of the distinction .here
taken, cited the. case of .Ferom6 .vs. Ross, 7 Johnts. 'Cha. Rep. 332; also 6.Vesey, 147. 7Vesey, 307., I Brown, :588. 10 Vesey, 290. 17 Vesey,. 128. 18 'Vesey, 184.
If any case could justify the strong and menacing hand of VOL. ll.-3 X

578

SUPREME COURT.

[Baeatty and.Ritciie vs:Kiqrtz'and otfheis.]
an injunction, this is it. What damages can redress the feelings of the injured, or punish, as they ought, the aggressor. What tresp'ass could.more effectually destroy the property in the characterin which it iq enjoyed. . If the'appellees had no other title but possessi6n, the"case of Varick-vs, The Mayor, &c. of New York, 4 Johnson's Ch: Rep- -53- fully sustains the decree of the court be'low. In that'case Varick, who applied for and got the injunction, set up no other title but possession for twenty-five years.
Chazncellor Keit says, "atter such 'a length of time, it is right.and just tihat the plaintiff should be protected in his property, &c. The defendant :must first. acquire possession of-the- round in dispute, not by forcible entry, but by regula, process of law. 'The principle upon which the'injunction is to be upheld is; that. afteir a: claim of right, accbmpanied with actual and constant possession -for twenfy -five .ycars and.upwards, the corporation of New York cannot be <permitted, without..de process of law, to enter upon posses'sion, pull down buildings," &c.
In the case at bar, our adversary possession is longenough to take. away the appellants' right of entry.

*Mr Justice STRY delivered the 'opinion of the Court. This is an appeal in a suit in equity from a. decree-of the .cirduit court of'-the distridt of 'Columbia, sitting*for the county of Washifigton.
*Georgetown was, erected into a town -by. an act of the legislature of*.Maryland, passed in 1.751, ch. 25. By.subse-" quent acts .aditions were made. to the territorial limits of the town; and the town was created a corporation, with the u§ual-mninicipal officers,'by aii act of the Maryland legislature,,passed in 1780, ch; 23. The charter of incorporation has been, subsequently amended by congress, by variouj'acts passed 'upon the subject-since the cessiofi.
In the year 1769, Charles Beatty and George F. Hawkins 'laid outa town, known, by the-name of Beatty and Hawkins's addition'to Georgptown; and wliich' is now included within its corporate liaits. The 16tsof this addition were disposed

JANUARY TERM-. 1.829.

579

[Beatty and Ritclie vs. Kurtz and othera.]
of by way of lottery, under the direction of commissioners
appo nied to lay out the- same,-Ad' conduetthd drawing of
the lottery. The "bboks 'of the lottery and the plati of :the lots, and a.honnected survey thereof, 'were aftervards, by.bact passed in 1796, bh. 54, oidered to be recorded in the clerk's office for the territory"of Columbia, and copies thereof to be good.evidence in all courts of law and equity in the state. Upon'the original plan so recorded, one lot-was, marked out .and iiscrib d witla these words, "for the Lutheran church ;" and- thii. lot Was in :fac.t part'of the land of which Charles Beatty was seised.
The bill was brought up by the original plaintiffs, "alleging themseives -to be trtistees and and-'agents, for the German Lutheran.church composed of the.members of .theGerman Lutheran dhul'rcb.of Georgetown, duly organized as such, i.n behalfof themne.ves, and the'member of the -saidchurch. It charges the laying-o.ut of the lot in question for the sole use
.and benefit of the Lutheran church, to be held by them for religioui pur oses and the use of the congregation, as abovev mentioned. -.That-s'6n afterwards the -lot was taken poses-
.ion .of'by the said'Germa.n Luthera*ns in Georgetown'; .who6rganized themselves into- a. church -or congregation, and erected'a'-church oi house of worship thereon;. and the lot. was enclose.d 4y them. ancf a .church erected thereon;.and hath been Wpt' and"held by them during a period.of fifty. y6drs; and.hath been, usedas a burying ground for the -members of the-church, with the avowed intention of building thereon afnother church or place.of 'worship, the.first- building .''rected'.thereon being de.cayed' whenever their funds ·would 'enabe them so 'to .do.- That during all this period -tfheir possession has. never been questioned, and the lot has been exemuted from taxation as propety set apart for a religigus purpose. -It-further charges that upon .the.organiza-.
tion -of th6 church' or congregation, certain officers, called'a' .committee and trustees, were appointed'to take tare."of the said-church, which- appointments have been from time to time rehewed;'that in1824 the plaintiffs were re-appointed as such,'having been-so appointed at formei'timesg";It further charges that Charles Beitty died about sixteenyears ago,

580

SUPR E COURT.

[Beatty and Ritchie ais, urtz and others.]
without having made any. conveya6ce of the said lot- and that Charles A. Beatty, the. d'efendant, is 'his heir, and has the title by descent; and ii'ays'that he may be compelled to c6nvey" it to th'em.- *It ftirther charges that Ritchie, the otherdefendanft, has unwarrafitably disputed their title;
"aridhas entered upon the lot and -removedsome of the tomb stones erected -thereon, and'means to disiossess the plaintiffs -and to remove -the'tomb stones and- graves. The bill therefore prays-tlat they may b.. quieted in their possession, and that.a 'vrit of injunctioi may issue, ind for further relief. :
The defendants .put in a joint answer.' They adinitted that the lot w'as so'marked in-the plot as:the bill staes,, and ,that it was Charfes Beattys :intention "to appropriate the same tothe'use 6f the Lutheran congregation;,provided they would build :thereon, within a, reasonable time, a house of public worship. They deny that the German :Lutherans .were ever brganized., as stated in the bill ; or thatany such church has'ben built; or that there has been any such possessiqn or enclosure as the bill asserts; or that Charles Beatty ever'made. any conveyance of the property. to transfer his title., They admit that the lot has been ued a a grave yard; but not exclirsively appropriated -to.the use ,of the Lutheran-congregation. They admit that a building was erect"ed'thereon, but that it was -used as- a school house. They admit that the defendant, Beatty, is heir at law, and as such, thathe. 1aims the -lot in question, and has au.thorized.the defendant, Ritchie,,to take possession thereof. They deny all .the equity in -the bill,-as well as the auithority of the plaintiffs to sue ;.declaring them to 'be mete volunteersi 'apd .demanding proof of their authority, &c.
The geperm i replication was filed, and the cause came on for a heairing upon"the bill, answer, exhibits aine depositions; and the court decreed a perpetual injunction agaiist.the defendants, with costs. The: appeal is -brought from.that decree.
Upon examining the -evidence, it appears to us that the material allegations of ihe b-ll are,-atisfactorily established. It.is'proved th.at, shortly after the appropriation, and more

JANUARY TERM 1829.

581

[_Batty and- Ritchie vs. Kurtz and others.]
than fifty years ago, the.Lutherans of Georgetown.proceeded
to erert a log house on the lot, which was Psed as a church for public worship, by that denomiriation -ofChristians.; and was also. occasionally, and at different tifnes since, used as a school 4iouse under their direction. That .at a much. later period, a steeple and bell'were added to the building; 'that the land was used as a .church yard; that a sexton Appointed by Lutherans .had-the-direction of it; that more than half of thelot is covered Wilh graves; and others as well as. Luthe-
rans have been buried there; that· the Lutherans have caused. the lot to be enclosed .from timreto time, as the.fences fell into decay, and procured subscriptions for that -purpose; that.the possession of the Lutherans, in ihe manner in which. it Was exercised over the lot,'by erecting a house,-by public worship, by 6nclosirug the-ground, and by.burials, was never questioned by Charles Boatty in his life time, or in.any.manner disturbed untila short period-before the 6ommencement of the present suit. That Charles Beatty in his life tim& constantly avowed that the lot was eppropriated for the Lu-
therans, and that they were entitled to it. The Lutherans have constituted 'but a: .smal-number.in
the town.of Georgetown; they have ndt been able, therefore, to maintain public,worship consta~itly in the housise erected, during the .whole period3. and sometimes .it has been inteimittedfor a considerable length of -time. But efi6rts. have been. constantly made, as far as practicable, to. keep together a-congregation, to.use the means of divine worsh.ipi Prd to suppPrt publie preaching., The house, however, in .consequence'of, iievjtable decay, elodown some time agci; the.exact period of which, however, does not oppear;.but it seems to have been more than forty years.after its first oree-. tion. Efforts have since- been made to r build itbuit hitlierto* tley have not been successful.
. The Lutherans in Georgetown, who. have possessed the -16t.in -question, are notand never have been incorporated as
a.religifous, society. The congregation has consisted ofo.a. v.oluntary society, acting in.its general.arrangement by com-
mittees and trustees, chosen-from time to time-by the Lutherans %belongingt6.it. There do not appear to'have been

SUPhEME, COW.RT.
[Beatty and Ritchie vs. Kurtz'and others.].
"any formal reoords kept of their proceedings; and .there have been, periods of coisiderable, int'ei.misdion in.*their -appoi~tment and action. .There is no other pxoof that the plaintiffs arei committee of the congregation, .than what'ariges -from the S.tateinent of witniesses, that they wbre '9s chog'h by. a -meeting of Lutherans, and that their-appointment has always been-.acquiesced -inby the, Lutherans, 'and.'they'havo -assunled 't act. for them without afiy~queftion.of. their. autlio: rity;'that they are thejnselves-Lutherans, living in.Georgetown, and forming a part' of the voluntary society, is- not disputed.'
There is decisive evidence also that the defendhnt Beatfy 'has- sinde-the decease of-his. father, repeatedly admitted the claim of he Lutherans to the 'lot, and his.willihgness that it. should 'remain for them, as it'.had' been briginally: appr6&priated. No assertion of.dwnership was ever*made by hin-t, until the tcts were cominitted,':which'form the gravamen of the. prfisent bill.'.
Such are'the material facts; .and .the pincipal quiestions arising uporr this posture 'of the 'cdse, are; fir at, whetherthe 'tit'e to the lot'in question vever passed from Charles-Beatty,
so far at'least.as to -amount.to a perpgtal appropriation of it to the use of the Lutheran chuich, or to, the pious uses to which it has been in.fact appropriated. 'And secondly, if so, whether it is competent foi -the plaintiffs- to,.maintainrthe
present bill.As to the first quegtion, it is not' disputed that Charles
Beatty did originally ifitend that this lot should be agpro-. priated-for the use of 'a Lutheran church in the-f towo laid' off jay .him. .But as .thetewas not -atIha't time any -hurch, either corporate or unificorporated, of.that denomination in that town; there.was-no grantee capableof taking the same, "'imbdiately bygrant. 'Nor can any-presumption .of a grant arise froni-the 'subsequent. lapse of-timq, since there never has been any such incorporated Lutheran church there capable.of-taking. the ddnation. If, thetofore,it w~ere necssary that tliere'should be'agr np9 legally capable of.taking, in ordei to support the donation- in this.case 1.it would be' utterly void at laW, and 'the land might'be ,resumed at-plea-

JANUARY TERM 1829.

583

[Beatty and Ritchie vs. kurtz and othets.]
sure. To be-sure, if an uninc.oiporated, society of Lutherans. had, upon.the "faith of such donation, built a chtirch thereon, with the -consent of. Beatty, that might furhish a strong ground why a courtoof equity shculd compel.him to convey the same to trustees in-perpetuity for.their use;,or at least to execute a declaration of trust, that he and his heirs. should hold the same" for their 'use. For such conduct would amount.to a contractwith the persohs'so bilding the churchi that he would: perfect -the donation' in their-favour; ..aid a iefusal to' dc'it would be a fraud 'upon tnemi which a court' of equity ought.to redress. And if the town of Geoigetown hid been capable:of holding such'a lot for such uses, there would be Po difficulty in considering" the' town: is.the. grantee under such circumstances'sincer the- uses would be of .a public and -pious nature, bentficial to the inliabitax4s generally.. But it does.-not ·appevtr .that'Georgetown, in, 1769, 'or indeed until its incorporation in' 1789,'was a corporation, so as to .ecapable of holding lands as an :incident to its,corporate -powers;
'If the appropriation, therefore;: is .to-bd-dmen,,d valid at all, it-must be upon other principles than those-whichordinarily apply bet~wVen grantor and granitee. And :we.think - it may be' supporfed'. as. a, dedication 'of the, lot to pfiblie and pidus 'ses.. The 'bill of' rights 6f-Maryland 'gives vali'dity'.to "1any.sale, gift, lease or devise -of~any quantity of laid .not 'exceeding' two acres,, for a church,I'meeting or other house of worship,' and f6r .a burying greund which shall be"improved, enjoyed or used only for such purpose." To this extent, at least, it - redognizes the doctrines of the statute of Elizabeth 'for l haritable' uso, under which it is. well known, that -such leases -would.be upheld, although there wemr o specific grantee or trustee. In the cage of Th6 Towin of Pawlet vs. Clarke,- 9 Crazach, 292. 331, this Court considered' cases of an.-appropriation or dedication of property' to particular or religious Uses, ,as an. exception 'to the general rule requiring a particular, grantee; and :like the dedication of a highway to .the ptiblic(a). There

(a) See also Brown vs. Porter, 10 .llass. Rep. 93; Weston vs. Hunt. 2 Miass.

SUPREME COURT
(Beatty and Ritehie vs. Xurtz and others.]
is. no pretencer- to say, that- te present -apprQpkiation .was eVer. attempted to- be -withdrawn by Charles Bleatty during his life time, and .he did not die until about sixteen ,ypats ago..,, On the c6ntrary, the original plan. and appro.pri.atioti were *constantly kept in view by all the legislativ& .acts passed on the subject of this adaition. -The,plan was vejuited, to be recorded as anievide.nceof .title,.'and its-in-. corporation into the limits .of Georgetown had reference to it. We think then it might at-all times have b.een enfQrced as a charitable and pious use, through the .iptervention of the g6vernment as parens patrima, by its attorney general or other law.oflicer, It was originally consecrated for a rEligious purpose; it has become -a depdsitory, of tb teAd; "and it cannot now be resumed by the heirs of Charles Beatty.
The next questidn; i* as.. to the compethnny of.the pleintiffs to maintain the present' suit'. If .they were proved to bethe regularly. appointed committee -of a :voluntary society bf Lutherans, in.actuel, possession of the.premisqs, ano acting. by thir'directi6n to prevent wadisturbandce of-that.pO.s session,. ulider. circumstances. like "thosestated. in the bill, we do. not- pexeeive..any seritis' objection. to their right to maintain -the suit; tt iz a -ease where no action, at law, *eyen if-orxe could. be brought: by- the vohmrtary -society, (whi~h it would -bp8ifculttto. .rihitain,) would -afford an adequate .a.nd.complete. remedy. T.h;s *isnot the case.of a mere private trespass; ,but a iublic nuisance, goingto ihe irreparable injury.of the Georgetown, congregation f Lu-. therahs. -.The prboerty cons.ecrated to their.;use by a pierptual seryiteode or.easement,, is- to-be -tiken -from them; the sepulchres' of the dead are to -beIiilated-; .the feelings .of religion, and tle senftiment -of-natural affection -of the -kindied and friends.of the deceased;are .o be wounded; and the memorials erected by piety toer,.to the. me d;otrhyof good, ate-to. be removed so as to-leave no-trace-of the last hohe of- their ancestry ,to -those who may visit the spot in 'future.generations.. It cannot be thait:sueh acts are -to be
Rep. 500; nhablitants 9 f Shapleigh vk Oilrman, 1I3 .Mass. ep..190 ; -Burrard's case, 1*2.Jac. .!'B.2 .Mod.E rkt.!413. b..

JANUARY TZRM 1829,
.Beattyand Rilehie vs- Kurtz and others.]-
redressed by th6 ordinary process of law. The remedy.,. must be sought, if at all, in the protecting power *ofa court. of chancery; operating by its injunction to preserva.the. re, pose of the ashes of-the dead, and 'the religious sensibili.ies of the living.
The only difficulrty is whether the plaintiffs have shown in themselves a:sufficient authority, since it is not e.videnced by'any formal vote or writing. If it were, necessary, to decide the 'caseaon this, point, we should incline to think-that. under all the circumstances it. might be fairly presuined.
iBt uits not necessary to decide the case bn this point; because, we think' it one of those casesi in'-'hich certain persons,-beonging "to a voluntary s ciety; and haying- ; common interest, may sue itt-behalf or themselves ai. others having.the like interest, as part of the same sbcielyi for purposes common to all, and beneficial to. all. Thussome -of-the parishioners may sue a parson to establish a neral modus, withbut'joining all; and some of the membcdr of a voluntary society oi"company, when the parties are yery ,numer6us,_ may sue for anacebunt against others, vithpnjoining all(a).
And upon the whole we are of opinion, -that the decree of the circuit dourt ought to be affirmed with costs.(b)
This. cause came on;to be hard onthe transcript o- tAhe record' from the circuit court of 'the United States, for the district of Columbia, holden in and forithe County of Washington, and was argued by counse.l; on consideration whereof, it is considered, ordered and decreed by this Court that the decree of the said circuit court' in this 6duse be, -and the same is hereby affirmed with costs.
(a) coopees .R/qP.Zead. 40, 41'; -AMtf. Pldad. .140. (b) If a laymn t by the dissolution of monasteries, hath a monastery in which there is a church, part of it, and he suffers the parishioners for a long'time to come there to hear divine 'service, and to use itas a parish church ; that shall give a jurisdiction to the ordinary to order the seats ; because th'at noW, in fact, it becomes the parish church, which before was not subject to the =.yinary: adjudged 12 .Ta. C. B.; Buzzard's case, 2 .Mod. E. 413. 6.
Vor,. 11.-3 Y

SUPREME COURT.
THE BANK OF HAULTON, PLAir'Nrr nr Emoit va. THE LmSrE or'A=InosE DuDw4s' Jvzq., DDVX-AT.
Proceedings for the sale of the real estate of an infestate, for the payment of debts, were commenced.before the repeal of the act of the legislature of Ohio, entitled "Aaw for the settlement ofintestates' estates." The administrators, notwithstanding the repeal, went on to sell the land, and appropriate the proceeds to the discharge of the debts of the intestate. Held, that the sale was void..
The power of the inferior court ofa state to make an order at one term as of another, is of a character so peculiarly-local, a proceeding so necessarily dependent on the judgment of the revising tribunal, that the judgment of the same is consideied,auihority, and this Court is disposed to conform to it. [522]
That a court of record, whose proceedings are to be proved by the record alone, should, at-a subsequent term, determine that.an order was made at a previous term, of which no trace could be found on its records, and that too, after the repeal of the lAw which gave authority to make such an order; is a proceeding of somuch delicacy and danger, which is liable to so much abuse, that some of the Court questioil the existence of the power. [522]
Where administrators, acting under the provisions of an act ofassembly ofthe state of Ohio, were ordered by the court, vested by the law with the power to grant such order, to sell real estate, and before the sale was made the law'was repealed, the powers of the administrators to sell, terminated with the repeal of the law. [5231
The lands of an intestate descend not to the administrator, but to the heir; they vest in him, liable. to the debts of his ancestor, and subject to .besold for those debts. -The administrator has no estate in the land, but a powier to sell under the authority of the court of common pleas. This is not an indepeadeof power, to be exercised at dtscretion, when the exigency in his opinion may require it; but it isconferred by the court, in a state of things prescribed by the law. The order of thb court is a pre-requisite, indispensable.to the very existence of the power ; and if the law which authorises the court to make the order, be repealed, the power to sell can never come into existence. The repeal of such a law divests no vested estate, but it is the exercise of a.legislative power, which every legislature pos~essbs. The mode of subjecting the property of a debtor to the demands of a creditor, must always depend on the wisdom ofthe legislature. [523]
The judicial department of every govemmentis the rightful expositor of its laws, and emphatically of is supreme law. If in a case depending before any court a legislative act shall conflictwith the constitution, it is admittedc thaf the court must exereise its judgment on both, and that the constitution must control the act. The court must determine whether a repugnancy does, or does not exist, and in making this determination must construe both instruments. That its construction of the one is authority, while its construction of the other is to be disregarded, is a proposition for which this Court can perceive no reason. [524]

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.1
This Court can perceive no sufficient grounds for declaring that the logislawe of Ohio might -not repeal the :law of ,that state .by which the court of common. pleas was anthorised io direct, in a summary way, the sale of the lands of an intestate. "1Jurisdictionofall probate and testamentary matters" may be corn-. pletely exercised without possessing the power to order the sale of the lands of an intestate. Such jurisdiction does not appear to be identical with that power, or to cbmprehend it. [524]
The occupant claimant law of Ohio, which declares that an occupying claimant shall not be turned out of possession, until he shall be paid for lasting and valuable improvements made byhim, and directs the court in a suit at law, to appoint commissioners to value the same ; is repugnant to the seventh amendment of the constitution of the United states, which declares that "in suits at com-' non law, where the value in controversy shall -exceed twenty dollars, the righj pf trial by jury shall be preserved." Thd compensation for improvements.is a suit at common law, and must be submitted to a jury. [525]
Admitting that the legislature of.Ohio can give an occupant claimant a right to the value of his improvements, and authorise him to retain possession of*the land he has improved, until he shall have received that ,alue ; and- assuming that they may annex conditions to the change of possession, which, io far as they are constitutional, must be respected in all courts; still, the legislature cannot change radically the mode of proceeding piscrlbed for the courts of the United States, ordirect those courts in a trial at common law, to appoint corn-. missioners for the detision of questions which a court of common law must submit to a jury. [526]
The inability of the courts of the United Stales to proceed in suits at commonlawi in the mode prescribed by the occuiant law of Ohio, does not deprive the occupant of the benefit.intended him. The modes of proceeding which belong to courts of chancery, are adapted to the execution of the law ; and to the equity side of the court he may .apply foi relief. Sitting in chancery it can. appoint commissioners to estimate improvements, as well as rents and profits, and can enjoin the execution of the judgment at law, until its decree shall be complied with. If apy part of the act be unconstitutional, the proylsions of that part may be disregarded; while full effect will be given to iuch as are ziot repugnant to the cobstitution of.the state,-or the ordinance of 1787. The question whether any of it provisions be of this description, will properly arise in the suit brought to carry them into effect. [528]
THIS is a'writ-of error to a judgment rendered in th-" court of the United States-for the seventh circuit and district'of Ohio; in an ejectmentbrought.in that court by.the defendants in erroy, against the present plaintiffs for part.of lot No.. 103, in the city-of Cincinnati.
The plaintiff is' heir at law of Israel Ludlow, wh6 diedseised of the premises in the declaration mentioned. The defendart claimed under a sale and deed ti.ade by ,the administrator of the said Israel Ludlow, in pursuance ofcertain orders of the court of common pleas for the county of Hamilton.

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lensee.]
The case depends on the validity of this deed. In August 1788, the territoril government' oF Ohio inacted,-", a law establishing, a court of probate." The first section enacts that "there shall. be -appGinted one judge of *probate in each county whose duty.it shall be to take the probate of last wills and testaments, and to grant letters iestamentary and letters of administration, and to 'do and perform every matter and thing that doth or by laiv may apper* tain to the probate office, excepting the rendering definitive sentence and final -decrees. In 795; an orphans' court was established, and it.was enacted that where persons die, intestate and leave lawful" issue, ,,but.not h sufficient personal estate to pay their just debts and maintain their children, it shall be' lawful for the administrator.or administrators of such deceased person to sell and convey such part or parts 6f the said lands or tenements 'or defraying their just debts, maintenance of their children, &c. as the orphans' court of the. county-where such estate lies, shall* think fit to allow, order and direct from time to time." In the year 1802, Oito became. an independent state. The constitution, -in the article which, respects the judicial department, declares that "the court of comfbon pleas in each county shall have jurisdiction of all probate and testamentary matters, granting .administration, the appointment of guardians, and shch other cases as shall be prescribed by law." In April, 180",, the judicial courts were organized; and the court of common pleas, after a genieral grant of original jurisdiction, was empowered to examine an4 take the proof of wills, to grant administration on intestate estates, and to hear and determine all causes, suits, and controversies of a probate and testamentary nature. In June 1805, the territorial ordinance of 1795.was-repealed. At the trial of the eje6tment in the circuit court, after the plaintiff had closed his evidence, the defendants offeted in evidence a deed from the administrators of Israel ludlow deceased, to Andrew Dunseth, for the premises in the declaration 'mentioned. ' They also offered in. evidence duly

JANUARY TERM -1"9.

495

[Bank of Hamiltgn vs. Dudley's lemee;1
certified'entries and copies- of orders-from the rerords of'the
court of common pleas within' and -for the county of Hamilton state of Ohio, bf which the.following are irue copies, viz. '2dofFebruay 1804 :.Letters of administration granted unto Charlotte C. Ludlow,,John Ludlow, James Findlqy. and James Pierson, on the estate of Israel Ludlow deceased, and .their bond with William iudlow and James Smith as securities for their faithful administration.'" At May term in tke year 1804, date 8th of-May 1804,. the -following order waa _made,*viz. "The administrators of the estate of Israel Ludlow deceased exhibit an account current and-pray the courtto issue an order for the sale of real property to defray.the debts due from the estate, 4&c. .John Ludlbw and James Findlay swom in court. The Court order so much of the real property to be sold as will meet the said demand, except the farm and improved land- hear :Cincinnati together with, the house and lots in Cincinnati". At the August term of the 'said court in the year 1805, a supplemental order was made of which the following was a copy, viz. "The administrators of 1. Ludlow deceased, 9n application to the court to extend the Qrder for the sale of property to discharge .the 'debts.
arising from .the estate: whereupon the .court allow the administrators to sell the house and lots in the town of Cincinnati-and'any other property, except the mansi'on house and farm in the country s, that the sale do not amount to more
than ten' thousand dollars. This entry considered as of Miy
term 1805." It was in evidence that the sale was made agreeably to the
provisions-of the law adopted from the Pennsylvania code by -the governor and judges of the north western territory on the 16th of June 1795, entitled" a law for the settlement of intestate estates ;" that the deed-was duly executed, acknow-
ledged and proved. The plaintiff by his counsel nioved to overrule the testimony
offered by the defendants' counsel, becaqse the law aforesaid,
entitled "a law for the settlement of intestate estates," was repeale4 before the order was made authorizing said sale, and that at the time oftmaking ofthe said orderethere'was no law of -the state of Ohio authorizing the court of common pleas to

496

SUPREME COURT.

[Bank of Hainilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
-order the sale-of real estate for the payment of debts, &c. .of intestates. The court sustained the. motion and overruled the defendants' evidence. The defendants excepted to this opinion.. . The jury found a verdict for the.plaintiff; after which the counsel for the defendants moved the court for the appointment of commissioners, under the occupyihg claimant law of Ohio, to value itnprovements. This motion was overruled, and judgment was rendered for the plaintiffs.
The-case was argued for the plaintiff in error by Mr Benham and Mr Baldwin; and by Mr Garrard for the defendant.

For the plaintiff it w'as' said, that the defendant in error claims by descent, as heir at law of Israel Ludlow, deceased, who died seised of the premises in question; and the plaintiff claims by purchase from his administrator. . The case is oiie of deep interest to the preuent litigants, as well as to all those who hold real estate in Ohio under deeds from administrators, and this class is numerous. Its decision depends upon old statutes which it is proposed to collate, in such a manner as to aid the judgment of the court in expounding them.in reference to this case.
These statutes will be found between the periods of 1788 and 1805, and to relate, 1. To the establishment of probate and testamentary courts under the territorial government. 2. Their powers and jurisdiction. 3; The ab6lition of these courts upon passing from a territorial into a state government. And 4. The organization of. new courts of similar jurisdiction, -nd the. modification and repeal of laws relating .td testamentary matters.
The facts of the case in reference to which the Court,must expound. these laws are as follows: Ludlov died the 21st of January 1804. On the 2d of February of that year, administratiofi was grqnted upon his estate to John Ludlow and others, who gave bond with sureties, as the law required, for the faithful execution of' their tiust. On the 10th of May 1804,'the following proceedings were 'had in the, court of common pleas of Hamilton county, viz. "The administrators of J. Ludlow deceised exhibit an account current, and

JANUARY TFRM 1829.

497

[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
pray ihe court to issue an order for the sale of real property to defray .the debts dire from the estate, &c. John Ludlow and James Findlay, -swornin court. The court order-so muchof the real property sold as -will meet the said demands, except the farm and improved lands near Cincinnati, together with the house and lots in Cincinnati." On the "-15th of August 1805, the court made another order as follows 1 "The adminisirators of J. Ludlow deceased, on application to the court to extend the order 'for sale of property to discharge .the -debts owing from the estate: whereupon the" court allow the administrators to sell the house and lots in the town of Cincinnati and any other property except the mansion house and farm in the country, so that the sales do not amount to more .than ten thousand dollars-this entry consideredas of'May term 1805." .Thd administrators, under the above orders or decrees, sold the lot in dispute and made a deed therefor to Andrew Dunseth, under -whom the 'plaintiff in errbr- claims, which orders and deeds were offered in evidence in the'circuit court and overruled. --
Whether this evidence were admissible or not, will depend, upon the solution of the following propositions:
1. Had the court of common pleas .jtrisdiction of the subject matter! 2. Was it competent for that'court,' upon the application of administratorsi to condemin'the real.estate of intestates to be sold for the pa'yment of their debts, &e. 3, Did the sale and deed of the administrators of the lot in question, pass the legal title to their vendeeq
By the law of the territory, adopted by the. governor and judges in 1788, and confirmed in 1799, Ohio Laws, 378-9, a qualified jurisdiction- over 'probate and testamentary mat-ters was confided to a judge of probate' in each county. This judge had power to grant letters testamentary and of administration, receive guardians chosen by, and appoint 'guardians for minors, idiots and insane persons: but he had no power to compel executors, adninistiators, or guardians *to execute faithfully their duties. And for this purpose, in 1795, an orphans' court was instituted, with supervisory jurisdiction, 'to call trustees to account, and'to review thlejudicial
proceedings of the judges of probate. .Maxwell's Code, 81. VOL. II.-3 N

SUPREM E COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton.vs. DufHev's.essee.]
At the time the orphans' court was established, in June 1795, a law was adopted from -the Pennsylvania code "for the settlement of intestatfis' estates," MIaxwell's Code, 90. This statute prescribes the forth of admin'istrators' bonds, directs the dis{ribution of the personal estate under the superintend.ence of the orphans' court; and pro.' ides (section 7), upon a deficit.of personalty.to pay the debts of intestates and maintain and educate the children, &c. for the sale of the lands and tenements for these purposes by the a~dministrator; in such mannei~as the orphans' court " shall allow, order and direct,from time to time."
In May 1798 another act was adopted, which contained a general provision for ther sale and distribution of insolvents' estates, which was repealed by an act passed January 1802 on the sameisubject. Ohio Land Laws, 383. Coeval with the last mentioned act, a law was p4ssed for the appointment of guardians to lunatics, &c." wbich provides for the sale of' their refil estates, in the same marnner that-administrdtors are"authorised to sell the real astates of .their.iUltestates. Terr. Law. 120. Thus stood the.laws relative to 'courts probate and testamentary, tnd the atiportionment of jurisdIction among them, and relative to the' sale and distribution of the* estates of intestates,.minors, idiots, &c. up to the adoption of the~state constitution in.1802. In this political transit frpl a territorial to a,.state govemment.'the courts -above mentioned were abolished, and new courts institu'ted with plenary probate a'nd testamentary jurisdiction.
But th" aboliti6n o'-the testamentary.co'urts of the territbry, did not abrogat6 the laves above cited, relative to-the .sale of intestates' estates for the payment of debts, &c.; the act adopted from. the Pennsylvania code in 1795 remained in full force., What court under the state government was charged with its execution, will now be considered.
By-the constitution of Ohio, the judicial power of the state is vested in a supreme court, courts of comm6n pleas, and justices of the peace. The common pleas is invested with .jurisdiction of all probate and testamentary matters, granting of administration; &c .'(art. 3, sec. 2) and such other cases as shall be piescribed by law. It also provides that all ac-

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Duflcy's lessee.]
tions, suits, prosecutions, rights, cjaims and-contracts, shall continue as though no change had been made in the organic law. Sched. section 1st.
It is maintained to be clear, that by the words "all probate-and testamentary matters," was meant all the duties of. executors and administrators and all matters arising out of the settlement of the estates of deceddnts. The- common pleas -was the only court, under the new form of government, thas possessed original jurlsdictioih over the estates of iatestates; and it could not have been the intention~to leawthe law of 1795 in force without a court to execute it: Again, it will be seen that the constitution provides tart..3, see. 5) that the common ,pleas- shall have jtrritdiction "i n such other cases as shall be prescribed by ltw" - Now ,by the s.tute of April 15, 1803, u.nlirfiited jurisdiction isgiveneto the common pleas in,all civil cases in law and equity, Aid alb causes,,suits and controversies of a rrobate or testamentarynature." 01io Laws,'40. And-the 26th section 4if thit act- zquires the supreme court and common pleas to take cognizance of all judgments, matters and causes whatsoever, pending in t6e territorial courts.'- For the sense in -which the words "courts .of probate" were -used, see the law. abolishing terxitorial courts, -3 Ohio Laws, 188. The legislature has throughout. used th" words "probate itnd testamentary"' in a pQpular, and not in a restrained -and technical sense.
2. If the common pleas had jurisdiction of the .subject either as, a. court of general chancery powers, or..a:-cdurt of probate, did the orders granted, confer the 'right upon the "administrators to sell this lot-! The order of May term 1804 ektends -to all the real estate :" -.xcept the farm and improved lands and house and lots in Cincinnati." It is asked-if this exception includes the unimproved lots:; -the lot in displite was unimproved and drnproduetive. But if this order did not extend to the lots, the order of 1805 did; whether it be considered -as the order of May or August term. If it be a valid. order of May term, it ends the controversy:6 and whether -it ca.n'be so regarded or not, must depend upon th6 power of the court-to grant it. We affirm the order was -made at

1500

SUPREME COURT.

[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lesse'e.]
May teim, and, ey the mere misprision of the clerk, not recorded; to correct which, it was entered, nune pro tunc, at August term. The cxercise of this power rests in the sound, discretion of the court, and.is indispensable to prevent a failure of justice. Amendments are always allowed where the omission happens by the oversight or' neglect of any of the ministers of justice, as an attorney, or clerk. 3 Johns. Rep. 443. 144. 5 119.I Bin. 368. 486.
The power to correct cle.ical misprisions, is incidental to every court of record. 1 Tidd's Proc.438. 1 Durnf.1f East, 638. 2 Tidd. 846.
Judgments are entered under powers atdr the death of the donor, (1,Salk. B7. 3 Salk. 116. 3 P. Williams, 399. 6 Durnf.i' E. 368. 2 Strange,.882. 1081,) and also on verdicts of a prior term, Salk. 401.. The same rule obtains in chancery, 4 Johns. Ch..Rep. 342. 9 Ve. 461. 92. . If an executio.nbe lost or destroyed, a. second will be ordered, nune pro tunc,,3 Johns. Rep. 443. In the case of Lawrence vs. Richards, I Jac. Walker, 241, 'the chancellor, after the lapse of' more than twenty years, ordeied a decree filed. nunc pro tunc., It may be said that this is a delicate power, and should -beexercised with great circumspedtion. This is true: but when a court of competent jurisdiction has exercised it, and the validity of the act is. drawn collaterally in question in some other court, that court will presume .favourably-omnia"esse rite acta, 2 Bin. Rep. 256.
Now, if this order can be considered as of May term,, could the administrators sell under it, after the Ia of 1795 was repealed ?. For the argument, the law may be considered repealed before the sale. The order was granted upon the application of the administrators, ex parte, it is true, the" law not requiring the heir to be-notified ; for the administrator is often the heir himself, or next of kin, or the particular friend of the heir, who is presumed to be careful of'his rights. The order is a proceeding in rem; it condemned 1he real estate to be sold, and a sale made under it directs the title ,of the heir, and judgment liens.
This order confers more power upon the administrators than a judgment or decree can give to the sheriff; and in

JANUARY. TERM 1829.

501

[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
divesting liens, it is more efficacious than either. Why then shall it be regarded a.s 'less sacred! Acts .done uftder an existing law, are not impugned by its rep.eal, 6 Bac../lb. 392. 12. Co. 7, 3 Doll. 379.
It is not in the, power of either'the judiciary or legislature, tq xender nugatory an existing judgment. 7 Johns.Rep. 485. . 1If this older.can be regarded in the light ofa mere power, it would not affect the conclusion' to be drawn. A power in a will to executors to sell real estate, to lay debts, is a power coupled with aninterest, and survives. 2 Johns. Ch; Rep, 1. 19. 12 Johns.Rep. 537. 14 Johns. Rep. 527.
This.Courtin'7 Wheat. 114, recognises as 4 lien the power of the administrator to sell real -estate of intestates to pay debts, and limits its exercise within a reasonable time, which is to be fixed by'anflogy to the statute of limitations.
A:gain, if this order cannot be-retarded upon either-legal ·or equitable principles as of May term, it is urged, that as a decree of August'term it authorised the sale, whether it did or not.depend upon the power of the court to.grant it at that time; and this proposition involves several niceand difficult considerations, upon which the counsel for the defendant in error will place much emphasis. He' wiIl contend that the court had no power to maf&d the-order,independent ofthe act of 1795, and that this act 'w" repealed before it Was made. He will rely, to maintain this postulate, upon the following statutes, viz. an act gassed the 18th of February 1S04, "defining the duties of executors and administrators on will. and intestates' estates," which took effect in May 1804,, 2 Ohio Laws, 279; an "^act directing the manner of:executing, proving, and recording wills and codicils ;" an "act directing the distribution of insolvents' estates ;" and an "act defining the duties. ofexecutors ind administrators, on wills. and intestates' estates, and providirig for the appointment of guardians." 3 Ohio'Laws, 173. 182. 188.-. . These.several acts, did they all conflict with the provii'ons
of the act-of 1795, ate in terms prospective; they refer to future administrations,- and define the duties of executors and administrators, in relation to the personal estate of those' whio may die afterthey take effect. Neither of them con-

502

SUPREMF COURT

[fBank of H~milton vs. Dudley's lessee.1
4ins any. provision incnmpetible with the act of 1795; but tfiey stand in perfect harmony with it, at least so much of it as -proides for the disposition of the lands and, tenements of intestates.
The act of the 18th of February 1804, repeals "all laws contrary to its privisions,?' but contains no provision reh . tive to lands. So -far from being-,repugnant;.it'rather contemplates the life of the act of'1795, as necessary to give complete effect to its 6th section,:whiblh requires the administrator to account to the hdir, after paying the debts. The act " directing the manner of executing,&c.,will8 and codicils," repeals ".all laws on that subjdct." Sec. 6. The att ".defining the duties of executors, -&c. on 'wills and, intestates' estates," repeals the law establishing the courts of probate, of June 1795; the act "empowering the judges. of probate to appoint gua'dians to minors,"-and "all other laws on the subject of this law."' Here the laws intended to be repealed are expressly designated, and the general clause was added,. e abundante cautela, to'guard against collision: A subsequent act must be expressly.repugnant to a formet, or it does not operate as a repeal. 11 Co. 64. Agaih, the learned counsel.will strenuously insist that the act of"19'5, authorising administrators to sell the- lands, &c; of decedents, was expressly-repealed on the :lst'of June 1805,.by an att repealing certain laws, passed the 22d of February. 1805.
This law purports to repel all the laws adopted or passed' by-the governor and judges, prior to the first of September 1779, then in force. 3-OhiQ L. 294.. At he session this law was enacted, the legislature uridertob - a. revision of the old statutes; -not with a view of forming a new code of laws out of new materials, for the oouie of legislation shows no intention to change the general principles of the laws; but rather to preserve, arrange and classify them, with a view to perspicuity and certainty. It was believed, no doubt, that the committee bf revision had fully aiid faithfully performed this onerous and respofisible duty; and' that all the elementary principles of the laws repealed, had been incorpora'tnd into the new code. Under, these circumstances, on the -last day-of the sesion, to prevent confusion and repug-

JANUA.Y -TMRM '1829.

5O3

[Bank ofHamiton vs. Dudley'slessee.]
nancy, the general repealing law Was enacted.- This is a question of legislative intention. In exploring-this intention, in all cases of ambiguity, the judgment is submitted to the guidance of certain familiar-rules of construction. We look back upon the old law, and trace its effect upon communi,ty, with an eye.to its' mischievous influence.; -and we onsider well the remedy "orpolicy -9 f,the law given in the enactment of the new law.' Now, the liability of real estate in the, hands of an administrator for the just debts-of.his-in'testate, is a sacred elementary principle to be -found'. in all the co.des of the different states 6f thisunion, introduced originally by-'an act of parliament, At an early.peri6d-of theii colonial history; it ,was a relaxation, in favour of-he colonies, of that feudal -sternness .which. characterises the common Maw in relation, to landed .property; and -which, for reasons of state -policy,-has beeff scrupulously Maintained in*
England; indeed, upon this principle and that 'of primog~ni'ture, depends the stability of the peerage. In the :United. States,'land has a less sacred character .than in less. free governments, and ha§ ever' been considered an article of' trade ;-and it i6 the policy of our laws to discourage every thing 'alculated to fetter.or'embarrass titles, or to lock tip estates in*'families; such as entailments,.&c.
Upon the -hypothesis that this law was repaled,' what. refnedy was left for creditors-against decesed debtors!. They -were remediless ; 'chancery could afford none, and they had none at common. law. 2.-Saund. Rep. 7, note -4. ' 0ruise .Dfg. 'title 1, sec. 63. title.32,'sec. -'12-16.
Now suppose the partial remedies of'the. common law ex+ isted aftei te organizati6n of, the state government; which is denied, bebaire they are incompatible with the -judgment and' execution .laws then in force, and in express violation of the act of' February 11, .1805.-f6r the. distribution of insol-
feAts' estates; still-the simple contract creditors have no remedy, and: thd 'pecialty,credit6rs are left to scramble for priority; some one 'creditor, and often 'the least worthy, for' such are apt.-io be miost vigilant, monopolizes the whole.
Again, whether the. ,legislature 'did intend.to repeal 'the actoof 1795 must be determined. by considering as unique,'

SUPREME COURT.
(Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudleyg legsee].
all the laws inp,ri materia, whether 'Tepeald. or not..3 .Mas&, Rep.:21. 4:Kent's 00m; 443r,, 6 Rac. 380., a83.-
Applying thi&e rules of.expositon, it is submittedthfat not only, ab inconvenienti, but from necessity, in 6rder to give'-effect to the. act.of -the Iitlh of February 1.805, which" provides for an equal distribution. among all the creditsirs, -ieh Court will'be.constr~ined. to say the-act of 1795 was not' intended to -be.repealed.: .This idea isa.so orified by-the act of the 15th of January 1805, 3 Ohio-au's, 13,14orthe ".appointment of guardians t& lunatics" and others. It pro-,
·vides for the sale of their re jestate "i stuch mvnner.as
.ex-eutorsor-administratorsare by law enabledto discharge thI debts, of deceasedperson&."
;The plaintiff also relies upon the general understanding of the :profession, that this law was. not-repealed. 5 dranch, 32. 1 -Dall. 131.. 11.43,
What was the effect df the saving clause.in the rep.maling law; and whether the repeal of the law could operate on an administration. pending q
1.. -Upon.general principles,- if the faw were epq'aled,.it
was prospectivly, and could -not affect the duties of. these administrators, nor-their. rights, nor the rjghts of creditors. The Maxim is, noiz..4'onituti.6-futurisfomqm-. debet .imr. ponere, nooa prteritis.:Ludlow died, on the.-21 of June' 1804; and-administratioi was granted on ,his- state on the
1a8todnnand2d, of February f6llowing. The "administrator ha -dis4ursed all the 'person i'effects.in their,hanrds, ad.-had.filqd. a, petition to sell. -the -real :estate, 'upon .Whick -liuite.d order had beengranted; which proceedings-wbere-pending infieri, beformind at the time all the repealing statutes before named took effect.
By the laws in force when this- administration was- commenced, the real estate" of intestates were assets,. sub -modo,-ip,the. hands .of the administrators 5.a.nd. by the. st directing the distribution 6f.ixisolvent$' estates, the creditors w.q pohibited.from przoecuiting their claims to judgment;
,yth. ese-Jaws, the rights of the -adniiiistrators, creditbrs,-disiributors, and heirs in said estatw were to-be ascertaified and finally settled ; amd by these laws the administrators had

JANUARY 'I'ERM 1829.

505

[Bank of Hamilton'bs. Dudley's lessee.]
'made a partial settlement. The rights of the creditors, to look to the real estate (rights paramount to the heirs) as assets, had attached; had been recognized by the court, and the administrators had instituted the only suit known to the law to e'nforce them; the suit was ex parte, itis true, so are admirlty, bankrupt and insolvent proceedings from necessity; they all act under the supervision and direction of the court, at all times liable -to be called to account or subject to be removed for'omission or neglect of duty. The administrator brings no adversary. into court, but must meetall *whochoose to come ;his proceedings are in rem, and must be considered as entire and pending, until finished upon the ,basis they were begun. He had undertaken *a trust and had entered' into a contract and had given security for.. its faithful execution. By this contract, in reference to ihe laws in force at the time of its date, the-duties of the administrator were fixed and the rights' of the creditors and' heirs were to be ascertained. 2 Serg. 4 Rawle, 8. 2 Binn. 299.
If this be not true, it would be easy to point out the confusion and injustice of a contrary doctrine. Some creditors have been paid, others have received part and others nothing. And the administrator may have paid debts out of his own pocket, as he had a right to do, looking to the real estate'to be reimbursed, &c.
To show that the repeal of the law, even without a saving clause, could not affect an administration commenced andpending, the following authorities were cited. Dash vs. Van Kleek, 7 Johns. R. 485. 3 Dall. 397. 20 John. Rl 212. 17 Johns. R. 203. 3 Johns. Ca. 75. 16 Johns. R. 252 7 Johns. R.'309. 1 Kent's Comm. 419. ' Vide also ordinances of congress of 1787, articlq-2, made perpetual bythe act of 1802, section.5.
2. The repealing law however contains this saving clause, "this act shall not be construed to affect in any manner anv suit or prosecution pending and undetermined; but the same shall' be carried on to final judgment, and execution,
agreeably to the prpvisions of any of said laws-under which
they are commenced, and the practice.of the courts.".
It is asked, what wa. the 6bJect-of.this saVing clause, or
VoL. II.--3 0

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
-rather what rights and iterests was it intended to protect from the operation of repealing power. The rights and interests which 'the saving clause was to protect were all those various fights and interests upon which the laws repealed had acted or begun to-act in a course of judicial proceeding; it is to -affect not in any manner any suit or prosecution pending aid undetermined, commenced under existing laws, .r sanctioned by the practice of the courts.
Prosecution is a word still more comprehensive than suit, akd 'which cannot be subjected to technical restraints. It is not .a.technical term, though sometimes vulgarly used to sighify criminal proceedings. 3 Thomas's Coke,. 348.
In addition, to show the sense in -which the .wordssuits, -actionsand prosecutions have been used by the legislature of Ohio, the Court will look'at Land Laws, 323. 1. Ohio Laws, 8; 11. 2 Ohio Laws; 67. 3 OhioLaws, 257, 2$4, 285, 294. From these it appears, that these words have been used to embrace all manner of judicial proceedingwhen transferxing jurisdiction, upon passing from a territory to a state; in the organization of new counties and fiew- courts.
. It has been said that this- petition of the administrators
for the 8ale of the land, &c. was pending, and that a qualified order had been-granted in 1804, and that the order of 1805 was -supplementary. Now it is aske4], whether this proceeding did not involve rightE, fnd interests as sacred, falling as completely within the mischiefs intefided to be guarded against. by the saving clause, as dny adversary proceeding which can lie imagined. "In 2 Serg. - awle, 8, the court'decides, that all the orders of sale are parts of tfie same proceeding, they rest upon thq same foundatioi, and refer themselves back to the filing of the petition. It is therefore considered, that if the act of 1795 were iepealed, it did not affect the administration.
It'has been shown that the common pleas was a court of, original and almost unlimited jurisdiction, and that the principle that lands should be assets in the hands of administraIors fbr the payment-of debts, a principle unknown to the common law, had been early introduced into the colonies and perpetuated after the revolution by nearly all the states,

JANUARY TiEM 18-29..
[Bank'of Hamilton vs. Dttdley'B lesged.!
and -particularly by Pennsylvania- the powerful neighbour of Ohio; from Whom were borrowed-not only most of the principies of her organic law but nearly all her first statutes. Now if the point of juritdiction is established, it is claimed that the. order of 1805, which authbrised the sale of the lot in question, is valid until reversed; it is resjudicata,and-cannot be impeached ;collaterally. It is not like, the order of a judge of pr6bate or any other judicial, whose powers are specified and limited. The principle which this argument maintains pervades all the ciases. ." What judges 6f themimatter have adjudged, isnot traversable." 1 Salk. 396. A.botrary principle applies only to.courts of special- limite.d jurisdiction.
- It was hoped that as. the defendant in error had elected .the +fedeiaf judiciary to*decide- upon-his rights, he, wduld have been content to abide by its unbiassed.decision;. aild that if those whom he has driven to battle were .tofall, they would, at least, have the consolation which in legal warfare always arises from an- unshaken confidence in the learning and integrity. of the arbiter. -Itis known that it is the law of this.forum,.thatin cases dependiig upon.the lawsof-a state, this.Court will adhere, to the construction given by the superior court-of the state, upon the-universaliy recognized principle, that the judicial depirtment of every goverfifient is not only competent to, tut is the fit organ. to expound its laws. But this rule, from the peculiar form of our go.vernments, -is subject to these limitatiois, hamely, that if the exposition of'the local laws by the local judiciary-con-flictwith the constitution :the'.law , ortreaties oftliT'Uited States, it -is not. binding-.upon this Court. T%.'this rule, which is certainly 'cprrect, we yield unqualified approbation; but deny its application. What. is the reason upon which it is founded !. Why does this "Cburtipossessing so*manf superior, advantages, yiel]l an entire submission to state.adjudic'ationT -It is- not from courtesy. -but because natural :justice requires it, since the local. adjudication harbecome a rule of prop6rty which regulates and settles the rights of mmum and tuum, a permanent land -markwhich it would be' ·mischievbus to remove. Vide 5Cianch,184.:- 10 7wheaton,

508

SUPREME cOUaT

[Bank of Hamilton v& ludleys, lessee.)
199. 7 Wheaton, 114. 5 Johns, Rep. 290., 9 Johns.Rep 424. 6 Johns. Rep. 381.,
Even if the statute of 1795 were repealed and had no saving clause, while the act requiring an equal distribution ofinsolvents' estates continued in force, the couit.had jurisdictionf the, subject matter and could grant the order.
nd-th'e order once grdnted could. not be. invalidated by showing, sonie twenty years afterwards, that the court .erred in -point of fact, that the estate ,was solvent, for whether Ludlow's estate was solvent or insolIvent does not-appear. -
This case having been continued under advisement since the last term.we are now met with a decision of the supreme ,court of.Ohio; which it lis said, decides the merits of this -controversy and concludes this-Court. What influence this, ought to have upon the judgment -f this Court as to the law of the case, will now Be considered.
The decision in Ohio acts retrospectively-apd. annuls past transactions, and- not prospectively to regulate the' future acquisition of property. It is the decision of the common pleas which settled the law, if conpetent to decide upon the subject matter, which is bifiding upon this Court until it is reversed. The questiond inv6lved in this case, can only be *decided by the principlesof the common law; even the question-whether a %atute is repedlid or not, can onlybe determined -by the rules of-const .tion which., it prescribes.' If. the supreme -court had decided against the jurisdiction of the common Pleas to grant the orders, perhaps it would have ,been conclusive upon this Court; but it sustains the jurisdic-. -tion. The order of r805 is claimed to be un order of'May term before the law was repealed, entered, nunc pro tune, at .August term; and if not valid as an order of May, it is good as a supplemental ordet of August, and relates back to -the
petition; but the supreme court hias,decid~d, collaterally, that it-was an. aat coram'on ju(dice. -All these are questions which depend upon general principles, and not upon the exposition of local laws, and we think we have a right to ask the unbiassed decision 6f this Court upon them. - This Court will never- follow the law as decided by the local tribunals, unlesi it be settled by a series of decisions,

.1"UARY TRM 1829.

509

[Bantof Hamilt hv. Dudjey's lessee.]
and is acquiesced in by t~e itrofessioni t it is id thig case asked to .yield implibit obedience io an isolated case.in*the decision of'which the court was divided; a decision -too,as itis solemnly believed,.fraught With the most perni-. .cious and )ruinous- consequences; and which, Unless thelearning and justice of the profession arp. greatly mistaken, -will,never meet its approbation.
The counsel for the plaintiff then proceeded to discuss the question: of the constitutionality of tile occupying claimant law. The argument§ upon.this point foi the plaintiff and the defendant, are stated irt.he opinion of theCouit..

* Mr Garrard, for the defendants, after stating the case, the laws of the territory of Ohio, and'the acts of the legislatilre of that statb, which had been referred to by the counsel for the plaintiff in error, proceeded, to say:
In.construing the act of 1803 it should be borne in mind, that the court Qf common pleas, created by, it; is a limiited *and circumscribed tribunal in its jiirisdictioif and that~updnthelaw of 1803 it depends entirely fdr its existence. If it is a court of limited and inot general jurisdiction, the idistinction between-them is at once' destroyed, if the exercise of
*gneral powers shall be deeinie4 consistent with-its limited character.
The distinction between courts of limited and general jurisdiction should not be abolished. Obligatory effect-should n6t alike be given to a'cts-of a court of limited jurisdiction, when they are done within their real, or by asStbed pbwers. If a court of limited ahd circumscribe& jurisdiction. can legitimately-exercise general powers, fio.good. reason can be given why.the court of common pleas shuld-not he sustain-
ed inaufntng'the.peculiar powers and .jurisdiction of this' Court. If an.assumed power is valid -for 'one purpose and for.one -occasion;it is.valid for all andevery.purpose. There. is no rule of construction, by which, the ]imitedand cireum-. *scribed jurisdiction of the, dburt of common ,pleas, can be made so broad and reaching in its character, as to.emitrace the.orders of i84 and 1805..' The rule of construction ap.

·510'

SUPREME COURT.

[Bank of Hamilton s.-Dudley's lessee.]
'plicable to this case is well settled, and has never been devi'ated from: 'it is, that the 'organic'law of,the court is the 'Chirter of its powers, and :it it las no powers beyond that
ihirter, except such as are.necessarily incident to it, to carry into .effect its orders, judgments, and decrees. Such was the rule of construction under which the ocourt of probate end orphans' court acted, who "possegsd'ie same power with the court of common pleasi under their. respective orgenic laws. - T-he power to 'idur :the sale of an intestate's -reallestate, by his adiinistritors, was exercised by the orphans' court only in virtue of the -adt of 1795. That act does not extend to the. court 'of common pleas, but is confined in its terms. The -law o( 1803 d6es not extend that -power to-them by any express grant nor can it be implied by any reasonable interpretation of that act. 'The power therefore did not exist, and'the orders are cons'equently "co!ramnon judce
Should the, jurisdiction of the court of common pleas be -sustained, it will theni be. contended that the act of 1795 was repealed prior to the granting of either of the orders in evidence.
1. 'The act of 1795 was repealed by the 'act of the 18th of Februa 'y 1804, which took effect the !st day of May.1804, entitled *hact"'defining the duties ofRexecutors and administrators on wills and intestates'-estates.". This act strictly confines the. duties and powers of executors and aaiminis-. trators -to the personal estate of the deceased,-it directs how letters of administration -hall be granted,-what powers, they shall confer',--how administrators shall roceed,-how they shall be called to account;-'and it repeals ' all lawsand parts oflaws contrary to the provisions of this act." The intention of this law was to p6int out and define the whole duties and power to'be exercised by executors and administrators in' future$ and it restricts them to the personalties of the deceased; a powet to sell'the 'real estate does not seem to be contemplated by this statute 'in any of its provisions, either by a direct grantor by reference to former and existingilaws, giving such power; but it repeals .all laws

JANUARY -TERM 189.

51

(Bank ofaRmilton vs.-Diidefs lessee.]
and parts-of laws contrary to the-provisions of this law. W power in the administrator -to sell the land and pasq the-title of an intestate's.real, estateis certainly inconsistent with and contrary to the provisions of a la.w, that undertakek.to prescribe the whole -dutiesaid-powersof esecutors4nd"adiministrators)-andlimits their management to the personal estate; And,whilst this -spirit continued, to direct-the minds of the firstlegislatures of the state, it is-a reasonable and-legiimate prdsumption'to say that whenever they unaertobk to legislate upon any particular subject,-they made. all regulations. and provisions required-by the exigenees of the, coun.ry. That they intendedJiy this.adt to define the whole' duties and powers. of executors-und administrators,, and limit the'Mn to
tliaosepreseribed Jby this statute itself, which repeals alllaws aind parts bflaws contrary, t6 its provisions-
'IWta.s repealed by, the-act of 1805,-entitled-" an",act .defining the duties of execufoTrs and administrators on wills and intestates' estates, and providing-for the appointment -of guardians." This act was passed in connexio -with-two oiber laws relative to the- same uiatter;-one directing ,the manner 6f executing, proving and recording wills and -codi-" pils; ancdt the. othet directing the -distribution of iisolvents' estated. -All- of these laws restrict th duties:of-e eutors
"hnd-administrators, and the powers of the couis-to thwjper-sonaltiesof the deceaged; and eac.h of them contains a re-. pealing-clause, and the ,first, all laWs upon-the same subject. If thelaw o'f 1.795 was thbea inforce it was certainly repealed; as it was upon'the same-subject with this-act: :By-a refer.ence to the statdte book of this year it will- be seen that the.
legislature of 1-804-5 took -u. pon -themselves in an especial' manner the character and duties of irevisors-offthe lawis then in force; and they- adopted a-*system -which underwent little or no change till - 1808. - They passed a general iepealing law which will be noticed hereafter. They passed a general, law regulitng judgments and executions,' incorporating in it provisionj entirely new, and. repealed all other laws upon
that subject; That the jhree laws above-mentioned were treated and considered as the only'laws in force from their passage -till 1808, is evidenced by the fact that the law of

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
ihe 18th of February 1808, 'vhich incorporates the provisions of these three laws into one,- repeals these laws by a special reference to them as the only laws then in force upon the subject. Land Laws, 459.
3. The act of 1795 was repealed by the act of the 22d of February i805, entitled "an act repealin certain 'laws." Land Laws, 473. The first section repeals all. the laws adopted by the governor and judges prior to the Ist of September 1799. The act for- the settlement 'of intestates' estates, having been adopted prior to that period, was cer-. iainly repealed by this act; and all proceedings by administrators subsequent to the 1st of June 1805k which assumed the adt of-1795 as their basis, were null and void, unless they were such as came within the meaning of the saving clause of the second section.
The second section provides, "that nothing in this act contained, shall be so construed, as to affect in any manner, any suit of prosecution now depending and undetermined. but the same shall be carried-on-to final judgment and.eieCution, agreeably to the provisions of any of said laws under which-the suit or prosecutionmay have been' commenced,and'the-practich of the courts." It was. contended by the defendant'i counsel, that the clause not only saved the unexecuted power derived under the order of 1804, but that it saed a'power in'the dourtof common pleas to go 'on-.and make additional and supplemental orders ad infinitum,'by relation tW the first.- To-support these propositions, it was maintained-that such 'was the intention, of the statute by a fr construction of the terms used '-and se'condly; that the egiqlature had. not the constitutional power, finder the cir,umstances -of the 'case, either to annul the order'of May 1804, although no rights had been acquired by'.a sale under it:or to repeahlthe act of 1795 so as t6 prevent the court from xiaking n.w" .nd additional orders,
Ia-.determining the corretess Qf ihe irst position, as-to the meaning of-the-saving cla'us; we' must look to0-the lah-" guage of the statute. The repeal is -. ot to affect in any manneX any "suit o%'pro8ecuton.?' The. definitio'n' is thus given of the term suit-" the lawful'demand of one's right,"

JANUARY TERM 1829,

.513

[Bank pf Hamilton vs; Dudley's lpssee.]-
or, in the words of Justinian,."juspr.6seqte~ninjudicioquo alicui deetur.'" 3 Blakstohe's Commentaries, I..6, If a
sui"t"means the lawful demadld of one's right, there necessarily-must be some one to make the demand, apd some one of whom.1he demand is made, through the medium of a cort,.and thee parties- receive the niamesof plaintiff and

de.fedant. The one complains of tho violation of his rights, either growing out of.contract or torts cmnmitted:; the.other, defending himself against the injury complained of,-either denies the contract or tort, or shoWs that, the one- has eenA .satisfid, .or thL-other,juistified. Spe..aiso; 6 Wheat. 467.4 6.
The .term prosecution,.botfi techniially and in common. parlance, when applied to the:proceedings, of a, court, -reates excisiveki to criminals, .or to suits upon penal-statutes. If amxitdqr is committed, the perpetmtor.is prosecuted by the ':state; ' So with pejury;.rape, arson, and the various degrees of felony-the state is:plaintiff, complaining 6f wrongs and. violations.of her stafutes. There-'are also-various statutes attaching -p. enalties in moneyfor the performance or nonperformaance .of certain acts.-when -the:one. -is done .or the other-neglected, pro~ecutions are commenced in -the.name of *thestate for the amount of the penalty.
-But the. terms "suit and piosecution"Pare -fully.explained (if they. needed any explanation.) by the subsequent -p. art of
i-he saving clause. It provides that the "suit or prose.ution" 'depen.dipg and. videtermine,- rhall -be carried on to" finitl ' judgment and. execution."' It is'wholly immaterialwhither the term"' suit p.r.prosequtron"is aftempi/d to be applied to the order.of 1804, or thle Su~iequent. petition and order of August'.teim. 1.05.' 'i is said that-the une-xecutcd order
of.1804, is'.saved,by the.tern-: suit or prosecution;" *itmqy.be.a.sked, wjhm-is the-plaihtiff in the 6rder '. To what -tribunal was.'tl~e- appaI made? And aganst whom-was ihe
complaint. made! What judgembnt was ibh. order, to be .." carried on td" Agaihstwhom and for'whose befiefitwa the jiilgment to beentered'. These queries unquestionably show tiat _thetermis "' suit or ptosecutioiP 5cannot be applied *to th~eorder of 1804,. or to'the subsequent petition'and 6rde, of 1805. But the :' suit'or pros.ecution" is to be carried on
VOL. II.-- P

"514

.SUPREME COURT.

[Bank of Hapiflton vs. Iudle,'s lessee.]
not only to "finaljudgnent," but also to "execution." The term "execution" is -certainly used here in the technical sense Qf the word, *as applied .to the final procesg of tire court,. in the hands. of its executive officer, to carry into effect its ordersjudgment;'and decrees. An execution is defined to be the "puttihg the sentence of the law in force. This is-performed'in different manhers according to the nature of the action upon which it is founded, and. of the judgment which is had or recovered." 3 Blackstone, 412, title
Execution; chap. 26. Neither the order of 1804, or the subsequent petition and
order of August 1805, can, by any reasonable interpretation
of language, be..construed into a "suit or prosecution :"neither was ".pCending and undeteilmined" at the time the .repealing law -took effet;-ineither of them was a proceeding of a character upon which a judgment could be entered or an execution issued; they are, therefore, clearly .without the saving clause of the general repealing law'of 1805..
But to this it is replied, thdt the legislature had not the constitutional power to repeal the law of 1795, so as to affect either the order of 1804, or the subsequent order of 1805. It is said that by the laws in force at the "death of Ludlow, and when administration was granted, the real estate of an intestate was assets in the hands of his administrat6rs; -and that .bythese Jaws the rights of the administrators, creditors, dstributees and heirs in the estate should be ascertained and settled. That- the rights of the creditors to. look'to the real estate in the hands of.the administrators ds assets, had attached--that their rights had been recognized by the pourt, and the administrators had instituted the. only suit known to the law to enforce them."
If these orders and proceedings were withdrawn from the scope of constitutional legislation, an4.the law of 1795 rendered perpetual,' it was in virtue of the constitution and the ordinance of congress.
'What are.the,facts relative to-th. order of 1804' and what rights' had been acquired under it at"the date of the -repeal of the, act of"179,5,. that were shielded 'y the constitution and ordinance ? It is, it evidence; that ai the, May term

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Bank of Haniilton vs. Dudlfsi lessee.]
1804, of the coult of common pleas, the*7administrators of Ludlow applied for and obtaihed an order-to sell a.portion of the estate-of said Ludlow. No sale, however, Wasmade .of any portion of his real estate till August and September .1805, in the county of Hamilton. None-had evzr -been offered under that order at public.sale; no 'purchase had been made, no contract ihad been 'entered into, '-that 'sV'& within the power conferred by the order..- The oider.remained a naked authority or poiver to sell; it-was unexe-" cute'd either in whole or in part; it was dependent upon the. statute. for its *validity, and when 'that was rel elel,-the order fell with it. The rights of the creditors'iiere 'irn no better or worse condition by the repeal of the law;. they tomain6d as they did at -the 'death of -Ludlow, iusceptible or having the lands. charged with them in case:of a deficiency of the personal estate. .If in fact the court of common' pleas had jurisdiction under- the act of 179.5, 'and it was in force at the date of the order of 1804, and in.virtue of that order the admin'istratorshad proc'eeded to sell-at public' sale, the real estate of Ludlow,- pr.ior to the repeal, but.had not finally executed the title papers ; it would be a fair and- legitimate constructian of the repealing law, to say that the' rights of. the purchasers thus acquired,.would be'saVed by 'the reservation of the repealing law, and the. administrators would, under those circumstances, have 'been- authorized to proced and complete the-title to the purchasers.
!The'order of 1804, and the rights*6f the creditors under it, were, at..the time of the repeal, as legitinafe 'sujects of legislation, as the executio0p' laws of the stiate are;'which have undergone various' chaliges- and modifications Withodt. reference to the contracts of individuals. 'Cited M'C=rac vs. Alexander, 2 Ohio Re. 76.
'Whai were,, in fact, the righis' ofthe creditors of' Ludlow at his death . 'They consisted of deb s' due from him as ev*denced 'by-open' dccount, or by bonds or-notes of hand. Nbw these are the rights i hich, .it ii'said, wer'e so incorporated ith, and mrixed.up with the .laws existing -at "his death'.that the'repeal of tho'se laws impaired the obigatiorm f' his coxtracts.

516

SUPR-EME COURT.

[Bank of Hawiton vs. Dudley's.lessee,j
These rights, in. their amount and theircharacterW, ere'ascertained atid fixed' by the contracts of the parties. The right to demnand, and the obligdtibn to pay, -are the conse-
quences of cozrtract. , The repeal of the act of 1795 neither takes away the. right to demand, nor-diminishesnor dischargesthe obligationto paj. The amount andqualityof tie.. iights of. his creditorq we're- feft by the repealing law exactly-as they were fixed by the parties; -and the obligation to. pay, and the liability of his estate to answer the deniand" of his creditors, are as valid and perfect as they were prior to the'repeal.' 'The law does. ndt assume that the debts due
shall, ,from its passage, be considered paid, and the estate discharged ;-it does'not 'purport to absolve the estate from the-contracts of Ludlow, in. any other manne'r than by the
payment of the.uttermost farthing. .If it lessened the rights of -the creditor, and impaired the obligation of the-dehtpr, i'twould -not only fill .the.spirit; -but.the letter-of the inhibit-
ing clauses
Whatever. power the.,order may have coniferred- on the administratorg, or whatever rights the creditors may-have
had,, to have their debts collected through -that particular nedae of -ikforcing thir. collection, they were all alik&,derivd through,' and dependent upon, the legislation of the country ;-and,it, is held to-be coniistent with sound principles and the dedisions of this Court to say, that-so long.as the order reinaiied unexecuted, neithei purchaser nor creditor had suchlvested rights under it, as were drawn out Pf the scope.of legitimate legislation. *if the order itself, or the supposed -vested rights.bf the cre4itors -to' have that order executed, were the rezilt of the -contractsof .the parties, and not the effect of the operationsof a law, whic'h in no marinr entered into or biecame a part of thet'"-contracts, they -might with some propriety be s"id to be embraced within the constitution.
All the argum'ents' of the defendant's couisel, whatever form they may have assumed,'-have' been refuted by the very learned and unanswerable opinion of the chief justice of the 'United States in the case of Ogden vs. Saturfders,'-12 Wheaton's Repots, 332 to 357. He seems to have established

JANUARY TERM 1829.

517

[Bank of Xlamilton*vi. Dudley', Iessee,3

incontrovertibly- th6 copisVe of-the'proposition, contended

fi*by thie defendants

--iHrtehthMass-cashseo.wii that the

rightto contract-isnot corifeired.by societ,' but is a natural,

original right, bz'ought 'by each individual.-into societ,; arid

thnt-the-obligation'of contracts is not the, result'of positive.

liw, but is intrinsic, and is Onferred by the act of the par-

tie. -The iight-. to coerce the perfbrmande of a contract,

although is ni'ch a naturai, right as the fight to contract;

yet it is surrendered by every individual -when,he comjes into

a government of.lavis, "aidthis surrender imposes the duty

on.the. gvernment to furnish adequate remedies., The.der-

'fendant's- counsel assume that the right to regulatethe re-

1nedy,- a'nd"to modifjy the obligatioA-of iicontTeat&,-are the

same-tha the' obligat"j and the remedy,are identical-

that they ar'.e ynonynious-two -words conveying the same

meaning.- The :answerto thin shape of the- argument,'is"

plaini andiimplb., The'.obligati6n. of a- contract is' coeval

withthe cbntract itself--it originates with the contract,.,andc

*exists with it aiterior to th time of performance. The re-

neay.operates upon a bioken contract, -and its'office isto:

enforce q pre-existing obligation. :Obligation and remedy,

or~right and remedy,-hre therefore not-- identical-they'ori-

ginate ,at different 'times, and are derivod -from different sources-the one flows, from the-act 6f 'the t --the

wther is furnished by the-government. .The"counsel. themse.lves' ihrink fronr the conclusions to'
which their doctrines-iust ine~.iitably lead, and attempt to.
show that.sudhwduld'tot-be theii Consequences ;'but'they can not be disguised. Ifth'e rights o the'creditors of Lud-_ low t6 have thdit debts cllecteq! under'the remedial l&dws in" force at the date of their contracts or at his death, were such "is'Werewithdrawn frfia'subsequent legislation, by that clause
of the. constitution, inhibiting "the passage of 'any-law impairing the oIbligation of contracts," and a sale could legally
bemade one day afte" the repealing la* took effect;-'the same principle can be extexided tp.all cases Without regard, to timd'or 'ircumstances. , The act of'1795 vould be made perpetual in the settlement of'an.estate. 'The order of.1804 would be' a-springing use, 'or power "itnhe.adhinLstrators.

518

-SUPREME COURT.

[Bank-of Hamilton us. Dudley's lessee.]
which they could go on to execute at their pleasure, regardless of the subsequtrit.alterations and modifications of the laws regulating.the passage of lands from one to another. The-power'to mrodify-the remedial -law,-necessaril)' inicludes the power to repeal it; and this doctrine equally excludes both.
Upon the subject of this repealing law of Vebruary 22d, 1805, another argument has been pressed into the. service, of a'very singpuar .chaacter. However out of place it isc.onsidered,-, still it has been urged so often, so oseriously, -and 'by so niany different g'entlemen, 'that it' ought not to. be passed in silence.
In the ses.sion of 1804'and 1805, (Vol. IIL 164,) the same legislature that enacted the repealing law,.also enacted a statute providing for the appointment of guar.dians to lunatics .and others. 'This. latter statute passed, January 15, 1805,' and the 2d section contains a provision similar to that.of the law, on the same subject, of 1792,' with -a variation of.phxa-. seblogy, using'the word "are," instead of "may or shall." "Out of 'the real .estate, in such manner as executors and 'administrators are,-by law enabled td discharge the debts of deceased persons,". &c:. rt is urged that ll the acts of the same session should. be taken and considered- together as. 6ie statute;- -And that,. upon this ionstruction, -the.clause here qqoted, is to be'considered as a declarttion th'at no repal.of the' law of 1795.was intended.'
"The ans.wer already given, to the attempt to create pr set up- a law, Sy iriidirect legislation of'this n~tuie, applies with equal force here. - But in this place the argument is de·siroyed.-by other considerations. The last enactment of the same 'sessi6n-contiols, the first, if they are in.terms Contradictory or ineonsistent. If, in January, 'the law of 1795 was supposed to be. in foree, and if the. reference to it may 'be regarded as a legislative declaration of an intention' to continue it; the subsequent enactment of February -expressly repealing it, must never'theless have opeiative effedt. .And,
adopting the principle of constracti6n insisted upon" b '4he other side, this, consequence follows :-the reference, in.the act of-January to the .existing law, adopts or revives it fbr'

JANUARY TERM: 1829.

55'19 =

[Bank,6fHamilton us. Dudlyaiis.]
tne Opecial purpose-aeclared; but-canniot, contrary to thete-.. pealing act, continue it in force for any other purpose; . There remains one point.more to .be disposed ,of,.in rel. tion~to the order of 1805.' It is pot dendied that'the order of Kay 1804 excludes from its operationj tht lot now in disputeS 'and that the defendants-are thrown entirely upon 'theoider ofAugust term 180.5, to make outtheir defence. As aniorder of August term 1805, it is liable to all the objections made to the order of 1804, with this additional and unanswerable one, that it was applied for andobthined, after the repealing act took effect. It is attemptd, however, to 6bviate this objection, by'showiiig that the order was really applied for and -granted at May term 1805, prior tp the taking effect of the repealing law;.but that it was, throughfihe negligence of-the clerk, 4not: entered till the subsequent' term, "1runcprotfunc."
If this order can be sustained for any beneficial purpose, in this cbntroversy,'as an order of May term .1805, it must be upon the principle that a 'court of record--is-not bound" to keep a.record, but that its 'roceedings are' mattes w'hich can be sutained.'and preserved in the minds, of its officers. -In this instance, it is an order of May term, only by the'testimony of one of the judges, who then composed the court.
Admit, for -the sake of argument, that the cdurt of 'Cihm-' mon pleas had the power to make the order at the May tri. yet that power had ceased befoee the August term, by force *ofthe repealing law, and it-was aq conipetent -for -them .tck
grant a new order upon an original application, as it was to enter.this one "nune protunc."
But suppose the law'of 1795 had not been repealed, and the jurisdiction.of the court-should be admitted, still it is contended, that upon well settled principles, heretofore recognised by this Court, the order could only be regarded as the-judicial act ;f the -court, from- the tirie it'actually -I6came a matter of record ; and thd fact that the court attempted to give it an operative character, prior to iis having been entered of record, by ordering it to be entered " nuncpro tunc," gives it no additional validity; If, indeed, the order had been regularly Applied for,-and the records of the 6uit

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's iessee.]
furnished-evidence Of Mat fact, and the order had been granted, but neglected to be entered by the clerk; and ,previous- to the next term the administrators -had gone on tosell; under the belief that the officers of the court had done their duty, and purchasersh.ad paid their money upon the faithof the validity, of the proceeding; it is nat doubted,.that at a subsequent term, "itcould be entered- and held valid.
The records themselves wduld furnish evidence of the proceedings in part, and the remainder might be substituted: -but its validity; as the order of a previous- term, could only. be supported upon the principle, that rights had been acquired'in good faith, under.a due execution of the poWver intended to -be conferred by the order. 'It'would be to protect .and-make good that which had already. been done in good faith, and under the supposition that the proceedings .ofthe court were "spread upon. its records; but it cannot be made the ordler of.May term, merely to give colour to the power of thie court,:and to support-proceedings which took place subsequent to, August 1805.
SMr-Chief Justice MARSHALL delivered the opinion of the Court.
This cause*was fully argued.it the last'term on the validity of the deed made *by the .administrators; and several acts, which were supposed to illustrate that question to which it is unnecessary -now to refer; were cited andrelied ofi. As it *vasa -question of great'interbst,.6n which many titles de-
ended, which was to bedecided entirelyby the statutes of
Ohio; and as the Court was informed that the verycase was
dependinig before the highest tribunal'of the state, the case iwas held .under advisement. The cause depending before
the state court, which'Was an ejectment for other land sold. by the same administrators under the same orders of the court of common pleas, has been since decided, and the supreme
court of the state has.determined:
I. That there was'no law in the territory prior to the act of 1795, authorizing administrators to sell -the lands and tenements of an intestate.

JANUARY TERM 1829.

521

.[Bank of Hamilton'vs. Dtdley's lessee.)
2' That this :law was repealed, and ceased to have effect from and after the 1st day of lune 1805;
3. That the order of the court of common pleas of May term 1804, directing the administrators of Israel Ludlow-to sell a part of the real estate of said Ludlow for the payment of his debts, did not embrace the premises ih question.
4. That the par.ol testimony offered in evidence to prove" an order of sale at the May terf 1805, was incompetent.
5. That the order of the said court af the August.term 1805, was coram nonjudice and -void; and that the lessors' of the plaintifft could not be divested of their title, in consequence of any act done in pursuance of that order.
At this term the cause has been again argued, and the counsel for the plaintiffs. in error-have made several- points which they supliose to be still open.
They contend, that the repeated declaration of this Court, that it will conform to the construction of the statutes of a state made by-its own tribunals, does not apply to the' decision respecting the order made in August 1805. They insist that the power of the court to make this entry as of the May term pieceding, depends upon the common law, not on the statutes of Ohio, and that the question is still open for discussioi.
Supposing it to be open, they maintain that-the omission to enter the order in May, when it ias made, was a clerical misprision, which the court might correct in August, and, enter the order as of May term. -It has, they contend, the the same effect ad if it had been actually entered in May; and, allowing this, the.subsequent repeal of the law before the sale was made, could not affect the power to sell which was given by the order, and therefore thesale is valid.
To sustain this argument, all the propositions on which it rests must be true. The decision of the state tribunal must be of a character which this Court will consider, undoubtedly, with great respect, but not as conclusive authority. The court of common pl*as must have had the power in August, after the repeal of the law under which the order was made, to enter it as of May, and the administrators must have had the power to sell in virtue of the order, after the law by authority of which it was made, had been repealed. If the
VOL. I.-3 a

SUPIEME COURT.
[Bank of HamilLon vs. Dudley's lessee.]
plaintiffs in error have failed in sustaining any one- of tnese propositions, the conclusion which has been dravn. from them is not supported.
Thie judges are not united in opinion on these several propositions, but chicurinthifiking that~the cpnclusion drawn from the whole-ofithem is not sustained.. The power of the inferior courts of a state, to make an,order at one term, as of another, is of a character so peculiarly local, a proceeding so necessarily dependent on the judgment 9f the revising tribunal'of th& state, that-a majority considers that judgment as authority,;and we are all' disposed to,conform t6 it.
But, wer'ethis question entirely open, the-considerations which.appear to-have influenced the judgment of the supreme court 6f Ohio,"are-certainly entitled, to.great weight.. That, a court of record, whose proceedings can be-proved by the iebord'alone, should, at .a subsequent term, determine that an,order was made at a previous term, of which no irace could be found on its records; and that too after the'repeal of.'tbe law which gve.authority to make such an order; is aproceeding of so mui delicacy and danger, which is'liable,o so much abuse; that-some of-us question the existence of the power. *.Int'hLe-case;.as.depending before this Courtthere is-still a
str'onger objection to- the validity of the order, of August 1805. Its langiage does not impQrt that the administratoys had'applied'to the'court at the preceding May' term, for an extensioh: of the. order of May 1804, and .that the court had granted their application,' and- made -the orde , which the clerk had omitted to: enter, and that therefore -the order, is' now made,, with a direction that- it shbuld be entered as of May..: This is not its langupge. It makes no allusion to any proceeding in May. - It :purpdrts. to -have been,made on an original application by the administrators, in-Atgust, for an extension of the order of May 1804. On this original application, the court allbws the.administrators 'to sell the house and lots in Cincinnati, and-adds, "this. entryfto.be considered, as of May' term 18Q5.7' The entry, on i.tsfae,-.does not imr-port to be the-correction of the record,-by placing. on, it an order which had -inf ct been made in,the-preceding May,

JANUARY TERM 1829.

[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]

-

and which the cl~rk had omitted to enter; but-to be an original proceeding in August, to which the Court by its own. authority gives a retrospective operation. If any explanatory testimrony could have been received in the circuit court, none Was offered. That court was required 'to infer'-from the words," this entry to be considered as ofMay term 1805," that it was in fact. made at that term, and that the elerk hadtotally omitted-it. The certainty wiich-is necessary in'judicial records, and the principle that they-prove themselves, forbade the court to draw'this inference. 'The law being -

then repealed, the order was certainlt, coram nonjudice. .It-is also the opinion of one of the judges, that had the.
r6ider even.beftnmade in May term, the repeal of the law before the sale, terminated the power to sell.

The counsel for the plaintiffs in error have also conter ded, that the interest of the-administratos -i'nthe. real estate, as trustees for the: creditors,, was a vested interest, which the Srepeal of.the law could not divest; and that they fmight pro-
ceed to sell under the sanction of an qrder made even after the liw was. repealed.
This is a point on which We cannot doubt.- The lands of an intestate descend not "t the administrators, but to the - heir. They vest in him, liable, it is true, to the'debts of his ancestor, and subject to be sold for those debts. The administrator has no estate in- the land; but a -power to sell under the authority of the 'court'of comion pleas. This is not an independent power, to be exercised 'at diseretion,
when the exigency,in his opinion may require it; but is conferred by the court in ,a state of things prescribed by the law. The order of the court is a pre-requisite, i'dispensable to the very existence of the power; and if the law which.
'authorised 'tlh court t6 make the order be repealed, the' power to-sell can n ver come into existence. The repeal.of such a law divests no vested estate,- but is the"exercise of a. legislative power which every legislature possesses. -The mode of subjecting the property of a debtor to the demands of acreditor, muist alivays depend ofi the wisdom of the ler

gislature."' It-is also .contended that the jurisdiction of the court',of

SUPREME COURT.
[Bank of Hamilton vs. Dudley's lessee.]
common pleas, in testamentary matters, is established by the constitution, and that the exclusive power of the state courts to construe legislative acts does not extend to the paramount law, so as to enable them to give efficacy to an act which is contrary to the constitution.
We cannot admit this distinction. The judicial department of every government, is the rightful expositor of its laws; and emphatically of its supreme law. If in a case depending before any court, a legislative act shall conflict with the constitution, it is ,admitted that the court must exercise its judgment on both, and that the constitution must control the act. The court must determine whether a repugnancy does or does not exist; and in making this determination, must construe both instruments. That its construction of the one is authority, while its construction of the other is to be disregarded, is a proposition fox' which .this Court can .perceive no reason.
But, had the question never been decided in Ohio, this .Court can perceive no sufficient ground for declaring, that the legislature of the state- might. not repeal the law by which the court of common-pleas was authorized to direct, iii a summary way, the sale of the lands of. an intestate. "Jurisdiction of all probate and testamentary matters," may 'be completely exercised, without possessing the power to. order the sale of the lands of an intestate. Such jurisdiction does net appear to.us to be identical with that power,.or to comprehend it. The constitution did not mean arid could not mean, to deprive the legislature of the power of exercising its wisdom on a subject so vitally interesting to the people; nor do its words convey such an intent.. Were it even true, .which -we cannot admit, that the constitution established the jurisdiction of the court of common pleas in the case, still the legislature might prescribe the rule by which that jurisdiction should be exercised.
We are satisfied that there was no error in the instruction, given by the circuit court to the jury.
The plaintiffs iq error contend that the court erred ii overruling the motion to appoint commissioners to value the improvements in. pursuance. of the occupant law. of Ohio ;

JANUARY TERM 1829.
[Bank of Hamilton vs.Dudley's lessee.]
and in rendering judgmenit without conforming to that kIw. The first section of the act proviades that "an occupying claimant," circumstanced as was the plaintiff in error, " shall not be evicted or turned out of possession, until he or she shall be fully paid the value of all, lasting, and -valuable, improvements made by such occupying claimant," "previous to receiving actual notice by the commencement of.suit;" &c.
ixnlegs such occupying blaimant shall refuse to. pay fh pers6n so seiting up and proving an.adverse and better title, the value .ofthe land without'the ifnprovements made thereon,' &c. "
The 2d section, proceeds.to direct the covurt to appoint. commissiQnte's to make the. valuation, which had- been pre,. scribed .by the preceding section. * ,The counsel, -fotthe defendant in- error insists that this law is repugnant to'the 10th se~tion of the firsf article of the' constitution of the United States; and to the ordinance of 1-787 for the government of the 'north western territory.
This Court does'jnot think that these questions properly aris& in the pregeni actual state of this controversy. '. The' 7th amendment to the constitution*of the'-United States de. clares that z'in suits at coimmon law, whee the 'value in controversy sh.all exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by' jury shall be preserved." This is a suit at commojilaw,.'and'
the valud in controversy- exceeds 'tweniy dollfars. 7he c.on-. troversy is n0t confined to -the question of title.. The, compensation for.improvements is an'importait pait of"iti aid if that is to'-be determined at ;common law, it must be sub-' mitted to a jury.
It has been said That the occupant law of Ohio, 'must, in conformity" with the '34th section of the"'judicial, act, 'be regarded as a rule-of decision in the'courts of, the'Unitd
States.
The laws of the states, and the occupant law, like others, would be so regarded independent of that special-enactment; but the exception contained in that section must be regarded likewise.- The law, so far as it consists with the constitution of the United 'States and of the-states of Ohio,. is a nile of property-, aid of course a rule of decision in the

.526

"SUPREME COWRT.

[Bank d Hamilton us. Dudley's lessee.]
Courts of.the United States; but that rule must be applied ,consistently with thef"Constitution..
Admittifig that the legislathrq of Ohio can give an occupant clkimint a right, to the value of his improvements, and can-authorize him tc retain. Pesessi6n of' the lufid he has improved, un'al he'hall haa'e'received that value*; and as-
squming that they. may also annex donditions to the change fpossession,'whichi so far as they are constitutional,,must
be- respected :in all *courts; still .that, legislature cannot change radically, the mode of proceedirig prescribed for the cou.rs of the United'States ; or direct those courts, in a trial at common law, to appoint comniission~rs'for the decision of-questions whith E court of commou'law must submit to a jury..
But this iability of the courts of the Uhited States to .proceed.in the .inode prescribed by the statute, does not deprive.ihe ,occupant .of the benefit it intended him. -*The modes of proceeding -which-belon -'to courts of chancery are adapted to the exec.ution of the law; -and to the equity side of the court-he may 1ppfoly- . reli6. Sitting in chancery, it can appoint-comm issioners to estimate imprpvements' as w0ell as-'r9nts and profits, and can enjoin thie execution of the judgmerjt-at law until'its decree shall be complied with. If any part of the act be unconstitutional, the provisions of .that.part may be' disregarded while full effect willbe. given to-such as are -not-repugnant to the constitution of the United States or of thestate or ta(the ordinance'of 1787. Thequestion. whether apy.of its provisions be of this desaription,. will proply arise" iq.the suit brought to carry them into effeek,
We think there isno error in the judgment, and it isaf-
:firmed with costs.

